15 % is n't a lot or enough and has n't been transferring into seats . 
  this is an isolated case where people voted for the mp not the party . 
  i do n't see ukip as a threat until they begin winning more seats than the lib dems . 
  right now the economy is vital to everyone 's interests . 
  whilst the rest of our country is in recession , london is booming and it is the second most economically powerful city in the world , perhaps even the first ( although i think new york is , i 'll need to check that ) . 
  losing the uk means losing london which is a big hit . 
  you may not like us , but there 's no need to pretend that losing the uk would n't matter . 
  honestly if we left the eu it 'd be like stepping back fifty years . 
  leaving the eu would be a catastrophe , especially seeing as we would n't be let back in , as we would inevitably want to , without having to comply to certain rules that we get away with now . 
  we have it relatively good as it is , we 're just hitting a rough patch ( like every other country in the western world ) . 
  i hope our electorate is n't stupid enough to fall for farage 's manic right-wing bullshit . 
  we 're one of the largest economies in the eu and the world , only just behind france and germany . 
  in an economic union , losing us is a big loss . 
  as much as europeans may feel indifferent towards us , the eu is weaker without us . 
  they would have to do * a lot * more in order to come to power , though . 
  the last government that was n't either conservative or labour was 100 years ago and quite honestly i see ukip more as a protest party in order for right-wingers to give the tories a kick up the backside rather than anything more . 
  france , just because i 've visited there so many times it feels so familiar . 
  the benelux countries a close second . 
  i do n't know the inns and outs of how things work but travelling from russia to switzerland , surely he 'd fly through both polish and german airspace . 
  if the us wanted could n't they get an agent on the plane and as soon as they flew over these countries arrest him ? 
  or does it not work like that ? 
  i 'm probably being stupid . 
  massive overreaction . 
  scotland would be fine if they were independent , equally they would be fine if they stayed with us . 
  if that 's true then i guess every cloud , but i 'd much rather scotland stayed with us . 
  is n't it true that the eu would want scotland to adopt the euro ? 
  ww2 was a horrible war , just like any war needless and my respect goes out to every man and woman who gave their life to create the europe we live in today . 
  the only good thing that came out of ww2 is that we all realised that we could n't keep carrying on biting each-other 's head off and as a result we have what we have today . 
  history suggests russian leaders do n't tend to care if their own people die as long as the end ` justifies ' the means . 
  at the cost of the many who died ? 
  a generation was lost in world war i , i think the families of those who died would disagree with the war being necessary at all . 
  strong defeat is harsh . 
  plus right now the commonwealth games are set to begin in scotland , which is sure to incense a lot of national pride and may have an effect on the results . 
  it does seem that columns always put an anti-british spin on things , and their comments sections are insufferable , but that is very extreme . 
  the guardian 's ordinary reports are unbiased and generally they tell it how it is . 
  we learn about dresden in schools . 
  we also learn about all the horrible things imperial britain and modern britain has done , we know our country is not perfect and has a dark past just like almost every other country on the planet . 
  that 's a very pacifist view . 
  when war is forced upon your country , you have to do everything to avoid dying , avoid your comrades dying and to help your country win . 
   calling germany `` the aggressor '' of ww1 is not exactly fair i would say austro-hungary was the biggest aggressor of ww1 , if there is one . 
  the first world war should n't be revered as some heroic time for the british people . 
  it was a horrific war that was entirely avoidable and the people who died were only pawns for the imperialistic leaders of britain and germany at the time . 
  the second world war is a bit of a different story though . 
  portugal were hardly great though . 
  no way . 
  we are much too proud of our history . 
  there 's a big fear that a european superstate is what we 're being led into , although that 's more ukip scaremongering than anything else . 
  years and years of history removed with one legislation ? 
  i 'm very against it . 
  the eu is fine as it is . 
  what about language ? 
  in a european superstate language differences would be a huge issue plus many in europe still feel strongly nationalistic , not in a racist way but in a `` i am british and proud '' way . 
  how mature . 
  the point of democratic governments , which most western nations are , and the uk was one of the first democratic systems in the world , is that the people decide what 's what . 
  if we wanted the eu we would just have to vote for an anti-eu party . 
  you seem to have a very narrow-minded opinion and seem intent on pushing your pro-eu agenda on all of us . 
  you asked us a question , we answered it , and you just shout above all of our opinions like they mean jack shit . 
  you also seem to have a very basic knowledge of the eu and the uk , so you 're not really in a position to be making these comments . 
  if we wanted to leave the eu , we could do it , even if our politicians wanted to stay . 
  if there 's big enough support for it from the electorate , a major party will make leaving the eu their main priority in order to get into power . 
  as a brit , i would much rather move closer to europe than the us . 
  but that 's just me , i 'm sure a lot of others have other opinions . 
  if it 's all they 're exposed to , they 're unlikely to think anything else . 
  all that their news reports are saying is that they 're liberating russian minorities in crimea and ukraine and will use the booing to suggest the west is evil and anti-russian . 
  it was a silly thing to do . 
  i doubt putin is going to turn round and say `` oh shit guys we got booed at eurovision '' and roll his tanks out of ukraine , it just made it uncomfortable and those poor girls will probably feel that they 're responsible for the boos . 
  would eurovision be able to survive without them ? 
  if so then why do n't they chuck us in the semi-finals , i believe turkey are actually refusing to enter because they believe it 's unfair . 
  well done conchita , glad she won . 
  another point for france !, 
  late charge for the crown ? 
  can always depend on ireland . 
  netherlands putting up a fight here . 
  i have to agree with you , but you know , it 's eurovision . 
  80 % of the songs are . 
  poland showing that some cleavage gets you a good score . 
  come on , even we get points on our worst nights . 
  sometimes . 
  he just mentioned how there was a cameraman hovering and graham thought he wanted an autograph !, 
  well i actually sorta liked our song and we reached the left-hand side of the scoreboard once . 
  we 've done well boys , we 've done well . 
  hungary 's nice and all but their song is n't really the best one this evening . 
  ah , it 's eurovision , who am i to talk ? 
  poor graham . 
  did everyone else see that or just us because we do n't have ads ? 
  damn i hope austria wins . 
  armenia does n't really impress me but apparently they 're one of the favourites . 
  azerbaijan was so dull , glad iceland perked me up a bit . 
  his approach is much better than what merkel is doing , that 's for sure . 
  soon most of europe will agree . 
  that is n't an option . 
  western intervention in the middle east only seems to cause more problems . 
  a lot of impressionable young iraqis and syrians would be inclined to turn to these extremist groups if western boots landed in their country again . 
  never thought i 'd say this , but cameron is spot on . 
  the women and children in syria who are being left behind by their brothers , husbands and fathers ( who go on to give refugees a bad name by being all-around shitty people in hungary and austria ) are the ones who need our help . 
  men too , of course , but women and children are the most vulnerable over there . 
  pick them up in lebanon and turkey , provide safe passage to the uk , and provide them with aid here . 
  germany has the right intentions , but they 're going about this all wrong and putting the eu 's open borders policy at risk , whilst also fucking over hungary and austria a bit too . 
  to be honest , look at the other labour candidates . 
  liz kendall is very unpopular and has little to no chance of winning , she 's also a bit too right for a lot of people .
