i agree with your point . 
  but if you still `` cant understand why these cases come up a month ( s ) later , what can be done then '' then you need to read what mirshafie wrote carefully and inform yourself of why and how people like rolf harris can be put behind bars , based on their crimes a lot longer than a month old . 
  yea , its so sad . 
  the woman who raised me knew she was declining and hid her state from everyone , even her own children . 
  in the end i met her one day and , though we had a pleasant time , i realised after i had left that she no longer knew who i was at all . 
  she had bluffed her way through being together because she realised she was supposed to know me . 
  she does not even know herself any more . 
  sure , they are awful and i am not a fan of them either . 
  but your alternative is what ? 
  unless you make a refugee camp of sufficient resources and environment so the people in it accept to be there , at the very least , they will always be awful because free will is being repressed . 
  if their free will is to accept what you give them there is no problem . 
  but , in all of this , people seem to be looking not for a better refugee camp but a better promised land . 
  outrageous , demand teachers come to your house . 
  romanian priest are terrifying . 
  do you have any idea what they do at baptisms ? 
  forget a couple of drops of holy water on a little bubs head , nope , they take the kid , naked , and dunk them entirely underwater in a big cauldron . 
  just once you think ? 
  nope , not once but three times they dunk the bub entire . 
  its quite poor . 
  some places its fast food but in others its novelty food so its priced up accordingly . 
  it depends very much on the franchise arrangements country by country . 
  you want to look at gini index or ppp ( purchasing power parity ), 
  australia already played the game of ` destroy the boats ' years back . 
  it failed . 
  in fact , to be brutal about it , destroying boats increased deaths at sea because smugglers would no longer risk their better seaworthy vessels for the journey . 
  the boats thereafter were just one-shot use shitty craft that were scuttled by the smugglers or the refugees themselves to avoid any chance of being turned around . 
  unless the us wants to to assassinating assad , which of course no head of state will ever do to another if that head is sufficiently powerful or has powerful friends , then endlessly saying ` assad must go ' is about as meaningful as passing gas or taking out a sternly worded letter to the editor . 
  you write like you have no clue that turkey already hosts over a million and a half refugees . 
  you think building a refugee camp automatically confers a desire to stay in it and not leave to try for western europe ? 
  in praising australia did he not grasp the significance of australia sending representatives to europe some months back to advise policies to prevent what is happening in europe right now ? 
  sure , there is merit in what he said , up to a point , but the reason australia ` turns back the boats ' now is a recognition born of seasoned experience that if certain ` good ' things are done the wrong way , from quantities or cultural intolerances/incompatabilites of either the local or migrant population , then the overall social stability/health/lawfulness of a society will go down in parallel with its economic health going up . 
  they be hatin ' from all the rage his gat be sprayin ', 
  the lessons learned from black september and the following troubles of lebanon were lessons taken to heart . 
   we fucked up big but at least we did n't try to deny the whole thing . 
  well its basically impossible to deny once agents are captured and then phone home to spy hq , unless a country wants to come across like russia does with its soldiers ` on holiday ' in ukraine . 
  one poll is a tragedy , a million polls is a statistic . 
  `` to divert the cuban people from seeking democratic change , the government of cuba has resorted to an unconscionable tactic of letting people risk their lives by leaving in flimsy vessels through the treacherous waters of the florida straits . 
  many people have lost their lives in such crossings . 
  we urge the people of cuba to remain home and not to fall for this callous maneuver . 
  i want to work with all concerned including the cuban american community to make sure the message goes out to cubans that putting a boat or raft to sea means putting life and limb at risk ... to prevent this from happening again , the coast guard has mounted an aggressive public information campaign so people know that vessels ... may be stopped and boarded and may be seized . 
  individuals who violate u.s. law will be prosecuted in appropriate circumstances . '', 
  janet reno , lld , u.s. attorney general - aug. 18 , 1994 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuban_exile, 
  its pretty much as he says . 
  its not reported in the australian news directly because the ability for news agencies to gather information on military ships turning boats back in the middle of the ocean is limited and the government does not say anything about what its doing . 
  logically if the boats were overcoming the blockade measures the people on them would be transferred to the offshore detention centres ( because the only other alternative would be using the boats and people on them as target practice for the navy ) . 
  if they were transferred the media at the detention centre locations would then report on new arrivals back to australian media and they in turn would report on it to the public . 
  however since this has hardly ever happened then , as you ask , yes - ` this really happened ' . 
  some nations benefit from the fact people cant flap their arms and fly long distances before landing . 
   and i went with my mother yea ... about that . 
  go with your sister , 14 to late 20 's should do it . 
  let her go to shops alone so your machismo aura is not around to warp social space into one that respects women on the basis of potential threat of the young womans male companion . 
  return to reddit with your findings . 
   how it 's always been done when someone without the proper papers enters the country : deportation your ` always ' no longer works . 
  a new version is in town . 
  the home country refuses to accept the person back and says it will accept them only if given money to do so . 
  so , pay the ransom to return them ... or illegally enter a country to physically dump them back there . 
  we wanted to go a-courting with virginia , if you take my meaning , but her pappy were none to happy bout that idea . 
  the japanese bid was hamstrung by short range ( very short for australian needs ) subs . 
  to compensate the japanese put forward the idea of developing new high technology batteries to increase range . 
  but advancing battery technology has proven to be ... far more complicated than people have said it was going to be . 
  i require a credible source for your assumption . 
  well , they are doing a uk show , i know the brits like innuendo way more than aussies . 
  australian humour is more like this ( but it could be geo-blocked , no way to know from my end ) : https://www.youtube.com/user/chaserepisodes, 
  good grief , we give romania our old base in the antarctic yet it seems like we are beneath their notice . 
  grumble ... grumble ... 
  yea , i agree , the likes of ` german soldiers marching through belgium with babies on their bayonets . ', 
  and the more modern ` iraqi soldiers take babies out of incubators in kuwait . ', 
  will be big in this conflict . 
  gods age backwards . 
  you left out the roses placed at the front gates of the girls houses to lure them out . 
   it 's mostly a `` you only take an escort with you if you wan na fuck shit up and fear people getting back at you '' . 
  that can be true , but this can also be true : fire brigade : ` we are here to put out your fires . ', 
  reply : ` screw you , let it burn ' . 
  ( throw rocks ) ambulance crew : ` we are here to save your lives . ', 
  reply : ` screw you , let them die . ', 
  ( throw rocks ) so , when emergency services that put out fire and save lives learn they need an escort lest they come under attack , things have passed way beyond any sense of provocation . 
  i think you are taking the word ` no-go zone ' far too literally . 
  a ` no-go zone ' is not the gaping mouth of a volcano or hell itself , a ` no-go ' zone is a place that is considered particularly dangerous to enter , compared to other areas around it which are by comparison safe . 
  perhaps the problem is in the literal english translation ? 
  a ` no-go zone ' is not named that way because its a zone you will never enter , its a zone that is dangerous to enter or in some places simply illegal to enter . 
  the bottom left picture is fake , the foot is hovering over the road rather than on the transport device ( which has apparently itself become invisible ) plus the ` rail-line ' looks drawn on the photo ? 
  explain !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_naming_dispute nope , most governments outside of western europe just call it the ` republic of macedonia ' . 
  australia and new zealand still officially name it fyrom because they dont want to upset their significant greeks populations , not because they think its right . 
  of course everyone here just calls it macedonia and macedonians in day to day life . 
  what people in the wider world see is a europe of many different nations that have all manner of historical grudges against one another and deeply intertwined histories , that most managed to somehow move past in order to co-operate . 
  they see greece unable to move past their own not because of valid history , but because of stubborn attitudes . 
  curing cancer is not simple , this is made hard by people . 
  if russian state media is saying it favours trump its a pretty clear indicator that the very last person they want as president is trump . 
  such a thing is not an endorsement , its a kiss of death to the us voting public . 
  they would know exactly that and act accordingly . 
  not a problem , just open the front and rear doors of your house so it does not feel trapped . 
  if it senses you are considerate and easy going it may well return to happily snack on fresh batteries you leave out for it to eat . 
  but do not think you can ever tame a wild ball , its almost impossible and they make terrible pets anyway . 
  you are correct , time spent on education is instead spent on discipline . 
  better teachers can minimise this impact but no amount of teacher skill will ever make it go away . 
  i must give you that . 
  i sometimes forget new zealand because , historically , it was once briefly a part of australia . 
  its very much a tri-party , australia + canada + new zealand are very similar . 
  the us is quite different ( though some states feel similar ) and the uk is , well , a collection of very different peoples .
