  sounds like you put a lot of faith in your dogs . 
  the closest here is ` all bark and no bite . ', 
  my grandfather told me one , many years ago ` do not always trust a wagging tail ' , never heard it since . 
  ` better than a slap in the belly with a wet fish . ', 
  pleasantly surprised something worked out fairly well when it just as easily could have worked out badly . 
  you are surprised with something that , while not great , is at least pleasant . 
  ` fair suck of the sauce bottle . 
  ` ask for fair treatment if someone is acting unreasonably , or to be given a fair share . 
  the ` sauce ' refers to tomato sauce used on meat pies . 
  ' i would not piss on you if you were on fire . ', 
  expression of very strong dislike . 
  no matter someone 's troubles you would not help them , even if in doing so it benefited you in some way . 
  sounds complex , the saying in england is ` when the cats away the mice play . ', 
  i was told a few from romania , one translated to english as ` do not chase the carriage that will not wait for you . ', 
  sadly that was the only polite one , the others involved stalin , devils and anatomy . 
  would not work even if greece wanted that . 
  greece would be the ` eater ' but turkey would still be the ` feeder ' . 
  given the animosity between the two nations turkey would simply keep feeding refugees to greece until it burst . 
   reunite tasmania with mother europe have fun with all the jack jumper ants you will get with that one . 
  be sure to stockpile adrenaline auto-injectors before tasmania makes landfall . 
  multiple identity documents . 
  people use what fits best , so if ` jack johnson ' is going to be forced to go where he does not want to go or do what he does not want to do he simply reaches into his other pocket and becomes ` john jackson ' . 
  ` jack johnson ' will vanish , or he may just as mysteriously appear again at a later date . 
  yes . 
  there are also 1.2 million internally displaced . 
  keep pushing from the east and the ability of western ukraine to absorb displacement collapses and you get flight , as happened in syria . 
  whatever russia thinks about the eu it should recognise its not really that belligerent a neighbour . 
  if russia griefs it with refugees , as some have suggested , it easily can . 
  but , long term , the effect of that could cause democracy to vote in steadily more extreme governments . 
  i would really , really , hope that russia knows that a possible breakup of the eu is not in its interests . 
  if voters twenty five years from now think they need another hitler one will appear , if europe has been changed enough . 
  its the nature of societies under stress . 
  perhaps some in russia think they can fill europe with more refugees ? 
  personally i think hot wars start over that kind of asymmetric thinking . 
  i dont see a point in speculating on the advantages and disadvantages of people doing what they cant do . 
  so cyprus would be independent and united ? 
  disparate people who live in the same place can unite over time ( its where palestinian identity came from ) . 
  but they must first be prepared to feel linked to the place they both live in and each other , not linked to others on the ` outside ' . 
  but i know , first hand , how stubborn greeks are about being ` greek ' , for generations . 
  even having an ancestor history of being ` australian ' for hundreds of years i was still ` english ' to my friends mum , who like her son was born in australia but was still as ` greek ' as ever a greek could be , because her parents were greek . 
  you cant align interests , you cant make greek cypriots want to be cypriots ahead of being greek . 
  did n't a certain chancellor make a new years address that asked her fellow germans to see the refugee influx as ` an opportunity for tomorrow ' ? 
  ` greece failing to deliver the expected results in controlling the external eu border ' what utter moron would or should ` expect results ' ? 
  the only thing greece could do is turn back boats by force . 
  why should they carry the can for this ? 
  something of this scale is not down to greece being the ` morality vs reality ' enforcer , its something europe as a whole should come together on and handle . 
  six weeks into the year and governments are still playing pass the hot potato ... its passed unbelievable into the outright comical . 
  numbers reached 25000 per year as the government lowered the boom gates . 
  but also , by comparison , we have a total population less than 5 % of the eu and , unlike greece , we are not seen as a transit country . 
  i am too far away to care about whose sand it actually is , but looking at maps i would have to say the modern map looks like a recipe for a lot of sand hate . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/de/greece_location_map.svg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute#/media/file:aegean_islands_accession.svg, 
  open yourself to new experiences . 
  i am no fan of turkey but it seems to me they are already hosting enough that it could reasonably declare itself ` full ' and just help the tide of humanity along to the next port of call . 
  is it ? 
  my father in law had no qualms about being registered for asylum in austria , decades ago , but he did not envisage austria as being ` the ' destination he wanted to get too , he just wanted to escape the ussr . 
  in fact , back then , it was not ` europe ' at all but ` america , america , america ! ' . 
  he ( personally ) did not see that as the ` promised land ' either , though most did . 
  he did not seem to want a promised land at all , just a chance for a new life . 
  i kind of get the feeling that is a minority opinion these days . 
  fair enough . 
  but it sends a crystal clear message that no refugee should willingly allow themselves to be ` registered ' , except in the final country they want to reach . 
  that message , in this day and age , will travel like wildfire . 
  so it will fix , a little , what happened in 2015 , but in 2016 it will actually magnify problems for europe . 
  well , as i understand , they can only deport those who already have a russian visa . 
  ergo there will be a lot of russian visas sitting next to discarded bicycles in the snow , no ? 
  i dont think it would work for europe . 
  we only managed to do it , effectively , via media blackout . 
  literally things were blacked out from the minds of our public , aka ` what you dont know cant hurt your conscience ' . 
  i dont judge that as being good or evil because the same basic logic allows people to be happy buying and using tools and technologies and wearing neat clothes . 
  because they dont see the terrible conditions under which they are made , in sweat shops akin to forced labour camps . 
  so most people remain untroubled . 
  but helping people in need , knowing they are in need , especially if its not you personally they are asking for help , that brings out a moral reflex that is hard for people to address and easy to exploit . 
  but our blackout was possible only because news crews cant sail into the deep ocean far from our shores , and heavy security in and around detention centres in places most australians had never heard of . 
  i cant see that being able to be duplicated in any meaningful way in europe . 
  yea , when my daughters reached 4-5 they decided they no longer wanted to bath/shower with me . 
  a couple of years after that they did not want to bath/shower with their mum either . 
  so , i guess kids develop an awareness of sexual differences first , then go on and develop concepts of intimate personal space and behaviour . 
  sheesh , what on earth did they expect the percentage would be ? 
  the world was created by odin and his two brothers using the slain body of ymir , obviously . 
  i thought the slide in the price of oil was to crush companies in the us who were moving the country toward energy independence . 
   very surprised not to see china in there . 
  i was not . 
  official numbers would mean nothing , unofficial ones would just inflame things that would not be fixed by it anyway . 
  the sky is blue and hell is hot , damn hot . 
   in practise : putin will not get away with blaming the west forever . 
  because immortality is not yet a thing . 
  soon ... soon . 
  oh great , an alien ship humping an old earth building , i cant wait to see what the offspring of that will look like . 
  shhhhh , the steg sub of reddit only has a handful of subscribers and they are probably all spooks . 
  cause , effect , result . 
  sure , poke a monkey you sure as hell better have a long stick to avoid the shit thrown back . 
  however the middle east did not only have sticks from ` outside ' being poked into it . 
  jordan , lebanon , plenty of local sticks abound . 
  sticks from other countries in the region poking other countries . 
  sticks from countries in the region being given to other countries in the region to poke other countries in the region with . 
  there is no ` outside ' of the cage , its just monkies poking monkies and , a lot of the time , its the most visible , weakest and easiest monkey to get to is the one that gets beat down , either first up or in retaliation , not the stronger one with the long stick calling the shots . 
  the problem most people think is that the cartoons mock muhammad , kind of like depicting buddha smoking a joint or jesus passed out drunk . 
  non islamic people see it as a single level issue . 
  most dont know that what offends is depicting any image of muhammad , good or bad , because its prohibited in islam as idolatry . 
  its a really big deal in islam and has been for centuries .
