well , i have to say i did n't expect to find laura pausini and andrea bocelli in a list for metalheads , haha ... 
  easy to talk like that from behind your solid economy and energy security . 
  meanwhile france has n't even canceled the mistrals deal despite hollande stating it would if sanctions were imposed on russia . 
  i see , so you 're really determined to make this conversation about you and me lol . 
  however , i 'm doing fine with women as it is , both when it comes to friendships and , while i 'm no casanova , relationships ; so , thank you for the uninterested advice , but i do n't really need it . 
  i 'm also already nice to everyone , but i do n't need to be a staunch feminist to be . 
  i think there must have been a misunderstanding , because i do n't understand what that means as an answer to my comment ( s ) . 
  i did n't ask for your default setting or whether you 're a good guy or not and whatnot , if you explain to me what made you think it was relevant maybe we can get on the same page . 
  it 's between ditto marks because that 's how many a feminist refers to them . 
  basically people who are convinced they can get into women 's pants by being nice . 
  disagreeing with certain aspects of mainstream feminism does n't equate hating women . 
  and talking about hatred and vitriol , your comment is filled to the brim with personal attacks , assumptions about that dude 's private life based on a reddit comment , and quite pitiful attempts at shaming him for supposedly being unsuccessful with women . 
  which is pretty ironic considering that according to feminist framework you 're exploiting patriarchal expectations of men in order to do so , which is just really the other side of the coin to slut shaming . 
  i would also suggest you stop using success with women as a selling point for feminism , because regardless of what the intended effect is , that 's a very common recipe for making the dreaded `` nice guys '' . 
  shit . 
  i really liked it here , hope it does n't change too much ... 
  probably sweden . 
  witnessed students queuing with their lasagne in front of a ketchup dispenser at the high school canteen in gothenburg . 
  yep . 
  my mom has been a middle school teacher for a while . 
  she told me that once , at the end of the school year , one roma student she had was crying because her parents were n't going to let her continue studying . 
  that 's not what i was saying . 
  if / r/europe had a disproportionate amount of italians , comments and up/downvotes would disproportionately reflect italian culture and points of view rather than european ones . 
  italians , just like brits , are `` actual europe '' , but in the sense that they 're both a sub-set of europe and not a representative , weighed , sample for all things european . 
  in other words , if a thread was titled `` what does europe eat for lunch '' and / r/europe was 50 % italian you can bet that the top ten comments would be pasta . 
  i think the reasoning behind it was that there 's already a disproportionate amount of brits that use reddit compared to other european nationalities ( mainly due to low language barriers ) and that reflects on the subreddit as well . 
  making it a default for only the other european countries would serve to keep the nationality proportion inside the subreddit a bit closer to that of actual europe , and so provide the users with an environment that 's felt as more `` european '' . 
  google-translation for the lazy :  note about daughter putin on radio 1 was not wise . 
  this stemmed from a feeling of helplessness that many people will recognize . 
   it 's not `` france '' . 
  it 's ~ ~ capitalism ~ ~ good old national/self interest where ~ ~ short term ~ ~ profits and margins are considered to be more sacred than ~ ~ common sense , ~ ~ human decency and integrity . 
  that kind of argument comes up so frequently and it irks me every time . 
  `` but what if it were you ? '', 
  if it were me i 'd hope no one would come and ask * me * what to do , because sure as hell i would n't be in the state of mind to make a balanced decision . 
  thanks !, 
  at last !, 
  it was supposed to be released `` today '' every day for the last three weeks or so when i started checking ... edit : anyway , might as well take this chance to ask : could anyone here please help me understand the meaning of `` un-emphasized '' in the context of this note ? 
   je , ze and we are un-emphasized forms of jij , zij and wij, 
   i 'm from finland , a country next to russia and we can be next russia 's target . 
  i understand your outrage but , no , you ca n't . 
  russia only invaded ukraine because they knew they could get away with it - as they have so far for the most part . 
  an eu country would be something else altogether . 
  the political border marked by the eu is something russia ca n't afford to cross without facing * certain * retaliation . 
  regardless of any considerations about geographical proximity , there 's not one realistic scenario in which russia would stand to gain something by crossing it . 
  it 's very different from being willing to take a small risk in exchange for obtaining control of crimea . 
  when people talk about comparing cultures the tacit assumption is ( generally ) that what is being compared is where the mean of the distribution of a certain characteristic falls in different populations . 
  not that the curve is just one big column . 
  i see , but the source for that redirects [ here ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/about/country-and-lending-groups#high_income ) . 
  there 's nothing in there about poland ranking # 6 , it just lists countries with a yearly income higher than $ 12,746 in alphabetical order , so i wonder where they pulled that from . 
  either way , ranking would not be a relevant measure here when the jump is that big . 
  obvious trolls ? 
  yep . 
  -118 comment karma, 
  rank means nothing when comparing gdp . 
  poland 's gdp is roughly one fourth that of italy . 
  also , it 's not the sixth largest economy but the * eighth * , after germany , france , uk , italy , spain , netherlands , sweden . 
  latvia also consumes 283m ^ 3 of gas per capita compared to italy 's 1270 . 
  not really , not all of the questions involved math . 
  here 's one sample question :  financial literacy example 10 : new bank card  lisa lives in zedland . 
  she receives this new bank card . 
  the following day , lisa receives the personal identification number ( pin ) for the bank card . 
  what should lisa do with the pin ? 
   a write the pin on notepaper and keep this in her wallet . 
  b tell the pin to her friends . 
  c write the pin on the back of the card . 
  d memorise the pin . 
  it 's not a single word but we say `` faccia da schiaffi '' to mean the same . 
  that sounds hilarious . 
  do you think you 'd be able to find a video ? 
  i 'm curious but i 'm not sure what to search for ... 
  i do n't know what makes you think that one would need advanced powers of manipulation or some shit like that for that . 
  jokes that are only half jokes are common practice even in mundane settings like the workplace . 
  as for , in your words , shit like this not mattering in the east , as i said all the extensive evidence seems to point to the contrary , so i hope you 'll understand if i remain of my own opinion . 
   it would loose him several points with a demographic which would never support him you 're saying there 's not a significant segment that supports him because they also do n't see what he 's doing as immoral/inhumane ? 
   fischer was playing second fiddle there , chiming in . 
  yes . 
  which is what i said , paraphrased . 
  playing along . 
   it would loose him several points with a demographic which would never support him and which is too weak to oppose him . 
   i believe that he is well aware , but that he genuinely does n't care . 
  in fact , if you 're looking at what media image he is portraying , it is that he does n't care . 
   he is a hegemonic figure in russian politics that no position could do justice . 
  he knows it and the russian public knows it , and he can freely joke about it knowing the brazenness would only gain him more support . 
  if that was the case and he really did n't feel the need for any kind of consensus , why would he constantly be trying to paint his actions as not immoral with the media ? 
  why the continuous effort in propaganda ? 
  because that 's what he does day-in day-out . 
   this is what i think you 're missing . 
  he does n't need to . 
  he 's a russian strongman politician , they like that there . 
  he gets things done , as far as the average russian is concerned . 
  in regard to this , two points : even assuming that was the relative majority of his consensus base , or the larger segment , to build a large consensus one must not only appeal to the relative majority . 
  we may argue on the exact figure , but you can rest assured that being regarded as a inhumane dictator would lose him several points . 
  second , as i said earlier in my third paragraph , domestic approval is not all that matters . 
   his support from fischer during his spiel what else was he supposed to do ? 
  in that situation playing along and brushing it off as just humor is the appropriate response . 
   it 's gotten to the point where if putin went and personally bought milk , it would be construed as an attempt at nationalizing the dairy industry . 
  no , but let 's also not believe that people are not well aware of what they 're saying when they 're being recorded on tv at an official event . 
  you 're hardly ever `` just a man '' when you 're attending a televised public event as a country 's leader . 
  you have plenty of time to be just a man in the remaining 22 hours of your day . 
  to think words are n't well measured when on camera i think is a bit naive .
