  being inconspicuous . 
  it 's the opposite , it 's attracting attention . 
  it says in the picture that the map uses data from 19th and 20th centuries , and [ renato biasutti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renato_biasutti ) himself was born in 1878 ... 
  i think there 's a good chance that it 's not extremely accurate . 
  knock it off . 
  oh oh , i want in on the divorce analogies bandwagon !, 
  more like the wife informing the divorcing husband that there wo n't be any more sex and bjs afterwards . 
  the husband then cries that it 's disrespectful to his free will that he does n't get to decide on that . 
   rooster-strangler sounds like a euphemism for wanker, 
  i do n't think that consent legislation , which was shaped around characteristics of the human psyche to produce a rule of thumb that would prevent emotional trauma , is so easily transferrable to animals . 
  are two animals having sex both being subjected to abuse , since neither party can consent ? 
  what he 's saying is that 1/400 of the population being affected by a higher cancer rate does n't have much of an impact on the overall average rate , and that 's not an opinion . 
  and time 's person of the year 2006 as well !, 
  yep , it 's the same, 
  the scenario he 's talking about is one in which the declaration of independence is not recognized by the central government . 
  is it not a possible scenario ? 
  i do n't speak french , but the difference is big enough in the english translation . 
  what makes the first sentence , but not the second , worth of being wielded as an accusation is that it is possible to interpret it as saying `` it 's important to sympathize with people who leave for syria '' . 
  you 're talking about a very different set of people . 
  four years ago was way before the subreddit became a default , and the / r/europe crowd was much more left-leaning than today . 
  i do n't think it even had 20k subscribers back then . 
   if you read the study you 'd see it was japan that was found to be the best . 
  first test : uk most honest second test : japan most honest , uk second most honest `` see ? 
  japan was first !, 
  this proves that it ca n't be biased . '', 
  i do n't really have an opinion on whether it shows media bias or not , but this rebuttal is really weak . 
   though i do n't know if the rest of the country does it idk either , but italian writing it the german way here, 
  norwegian novelist literally only repeats popular subreddit opinion , adding nothing to the topic . 
  gets frontpaged in 1 hour . 
  the chinese government has been very clear and explicit that they do n't want to adopt the `` western '' model , now or in the future . 
  the remaining question is whether they have the power to do so . 
  and they do . 
  in fact they have unprecedented power to do so . 
  they have the means to successfully stand up to the west , they have the means to cut momentum from any possible dissidence , and they have the means to manage what their people want . 
  as an aside , sorry if i came off as confrontational yesterday but the constant stream of snark from you and the other guy in this same thread was really starting to get on my nerves . 
  no immediate benefits for anyone . 
  becoming dependent and enabling the rise of the world 's most powerful authoritarian , nationalistic , human-rights disregarding regime before getting them to commit to certain principles however is playing an extremely dangerous game that is going to have huge costs in the future for everyone in the world-boat , britain included . 
  as for  give the people prosperity so they do n't have to worry about survival , then they 'll decide if they actually want democracy . 
  this is so ridicolous i do n't even know where to start . 
  which is why we should not become ever more dependent on china and relinquish our agency . 
  it goes without saying that it can not happen overnight . 
  and even then it certainly would n't be painless , but it remains less costly than handing the reins of our future to a dangerous authoritarian regime . 
  it also seems that you insist on strawmanning my arguments  now ? 
  no , i made that clear in the previous comment and the one before that . 
   which refer to bans on the importing and exporting of all goods it does n't , i also made that clear on my previous comment , yet i presume that 's still what you 're referring to when saying `` the sort of sanctions that you are going for '' . 
  the specifics of possible future sanctions would be for teams of researchers to figure out within the limits of what we can without shooting ourselves in the foot . 
  they still have quite a way to go before they gain the economical and geopolitical upper hand . 
  economic sanctions include a variety of measures . 
  i think i was clear enough . 
  if push comes to shove and they keep disregarding human rights , absolutely , economic sanctions would be both necessary and justified . 
  no one really loathes to admit it . 
  power is relative . 
  the pressing matter here is not to keep them down in absolute terms , but to not let them overpower us . 
  which means helping human rights-abiding countries grow , and at the absolute least not empower dangerous entities like china that actively and explicitly seek legitimization of disregard for human rights . 
  i would call primitive and short-sighted seeing policy making exclusively through the lens of business . 
  policy making is the tool through which a society coordinates to build a better future . 
  and that does pass through economics and business , but also through upholding human rights and impeding the rise of large entities that in all likelihood would endanger them . 
  with that said , of course japan has first and foremost japan 's interests in mind when making those statements . 
  i hope you do n't get angers when you see the opportunity you lost, 
  my first statement was ill-worded , you 're right , it would have been better worded as a set of ideas stemming from one specific premise . 
  the rest of the argument still stands . 
  moreover , i 'm really not discrediting the entire movement , feminism does raise a lot of valid issues . 
  i just do n't buy the whole package , and refuse to accept that it is synonymous with - or has a monopoly over - the idea of gender equality . 
   feminist people exactly do support the idea of gender equality . 
  feminist people have one specific idea of what equality ought to mean , and exclude all others . 
  that 's the extent to which they support gender equality . 
  any idea of gender equality that does not stem from a feminist standpoint that accepts patriarchy theory in its premise can not be gender equality . 
  once terms are redefined that way , that statement becomes a pointless tautology . 
  china has the unity , resources , and a system driven by technocrats allowing for consistent , hyper-rational long term decision-making to make the us number 2 guy before the turn of the century . 
  multipolar world is china 's mid-term aim and will likely only remain the name of the game for a few decades . 
  the soviets were largely brought down by corruption , terrible immune system against incompetent leadership , aversion to capitalism to a fault , and immature technology ( data science above others ) to make the best of their own system . 
  now china is seeking international legitimization of their moral system , in order to whiten the current gray area and move on to operate in the new gray without risking to raise the chances for a ( n economical or otherwise ) casus belli they ca n't yet afford . 
  i really do n't feel all that optimistic to be frank . 
  i do n't think the west stands a chance against china in the long run , and the idea that at some point in the future we 'll have to rely on their benevolence creeps me out to no end . 
  granted , the circlejerk was there , but ron paul also had many detractors on reddit . 
  if you wandered in your average ron paul thread you could read arguments both for and against , even if for the most part they were supportive . 
  sander 's popularity on reddit is on a whole other scale . 
  i think redditors of all people should have a better grasp of how being antagonised pushes people into echo chambers , and how these echo chambers in turn are great at producing radicalized assholes . 
  i 'm calling it , op is on putin 's payroll trying to start a civil war in europe, 
  democracy does n't mean that everyone decides for themselves . 
  the main reason is not cultural identity , but that it can only appeal to language enthusiasts due to the fact that it has no practical application yet . 
  people usually learn a language either in order to access otherwise unaccessible information , or to be more attractive on the job market . 
  learning any conlang offers none of these incentives , and so large scale diffusion has no chance to happen `` naturally '' . 
  the only chance to reap their benefits would be for it to be promoted from the top-down . 
  but that 's politically impossible . 
  you might enjoy [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh0cszdhwg0 ) montage . 
  was n't that a fake ? 
  hunt the pole and turn it down the rocky road and all the way to brexit whack fol la lee daa ~, 
  bigger . 
  around three to four times as much in volume , i think ? 
  ca n't tell whether it was as strong though because i really did n't like coffee back then , so i did n't have any . 
   note that coffee is a staple up here , it 's not something you drink in a sophisticated way like where you live . 
  it 's a staple here in italy as well . 
  it probably has more to do with quantity per serving ( if the swedish family that hosted me during the exchange back in high school was representative of swedish habits , at least ) . 
   i address the parts of your comment that i thought it were more relevant . 
  - ________________ - are you fucking serious silver lining , one intellectually dishonest person i wont be wasting my time talking to again , cheers, 
  dude come on , is that line and a half all you have read in my comment ? 
  i already addressed the argument you 're making here . 
  another politically-charged term being abused and run into the ground until it 's devoid of all meaning ... what 's new ? 
    but if leaving the 28-country bloc was to become an attractive model of improving a country 's standing , then other countries would also consider doing so .
