  we 've been doing it for 800 years now , and look at history , how are we not better than when we started . 
  also , who does it better than we do , no one !, 
  '' * -- hammerus goldeus , last of the roman emperors, 
  same root in italian as well . 
  which , considering that letto = bed , always sounded to me like the most relaxing place ever . 
  no , sorry but not done at all . 
  something can be forced upon someone and people can be silenced without violence entering the equation . 
  like in this case , which is my point . 
  they did force themselves on him and his audience , that is a fact and it is undeniable . 
  were they violent ? 
  no , no one was bruised or even threatened . 
  but it does n't change the fact that their actions made it impossible , physically , for him to hold his speech . 
  what i meant was evident enough to me , and while i enjoyed the conversation up to this point , i have to add that i did n't appreciate this last attempt at warping my words in order to demonize me while playing the holy paladin yourself very much . 
  can you point me to where i mentioned violence ? 
  yes , and i think they 're not only superflous ( as laws against violent action and organizing violence are in existance already ) but also harmful to society as any negative opinion about a certain group can be easily reframed as trying to incite violence against them . 
  i 'm not `` twisting words '' , i 'm merely explaining what i mean by them in the context of my sentence , since words often tend to have a wide semantic range . 
  so , to hopefully clarify my previous comment , the fact stays that opinions , which i equate to actual expression , can be dismissed ; physical actions on the other hand , are suffered , forced upon the subject and can not possibly be ignored . 
  also taking my previous example from my first reply to you : in the former case voice is used as a means to express opinion ; in the latter , it is used as a physical mean to physically force someone to be silenced and not be heard . 
  of course we live in a physical world and opinions ca n't be expressed without physical means ( i.e. 
  voice , text , etc ) , but do we really want to start arguing even this ? 
  :p  we do n't ban you from holding opinions . 
  we make you accountable for expressing them . 
  well , it is a ban in effect no matter how you call it if you take action to silence someone . 
  whether it is via an hs law or other means such as this expedient mentioned in the article . 
   and that does n't just go for anti-homosexual hatespeech . 
  if i appear on tv and say that it 's completely reasonable to run all the icelandic infrastructure on carrier pigeons instead of using a computer network : i will not be hired to oversee any networking project because i 've outed myself as an idiot in the field . 
  yes , because that would make you unqualified for the job . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't see the point you 're trying to make here . 
  i do n't believe in hs laws . 
  i think messing with a society 's ability to put under scrutiny any and all opinions , no matter how solidified , how polarizing , or how anything , is far more harmful than not protecting a given group 's sensibility to being put under verbal attack -- so long as laws already exist ( as they do ) to prevent violent action or the organization thereof . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  because they 're expressing ( arguably ) incivil * opinions * whereas you 're taking incivil * action * . 
  opinions can be dismissed , actions can not and are forced upon the subject . 
  ( p.s. 
  hope incivil is a word , but you get my point ), 
  you do have every right to express yourselves back by organizing your own rallies and whatnot , but going out of your way to impede someone else 's freedom of expression is more akin to censorship than expressing oneself , even if it is done to send a message . 
  it 's like if during a debate you waited for your counterpart 's turn to reply and then started shouting to cover his voice and claimed `` what , it 's legal , and am i not allowed to express myself now ? 
  besides , he 's a douche anyway ! '' . 
  it 's a matter of civility , and in this scenario i would n't be able to excuse your behavior just because i happened to like your opinion more than the other guy 's . 
  i do n't know , an asshole move done on an asshole stays an asshole move in my book . 
  they found a loophole to shut this guy up , preventing him from voicing his opinion to a group of people who had every right to be able to go listen to it , no matter how stupid it might have been and no matter how legal the loophole . 
  i 've been to prague with friends 2 years ago , and besides being an all around awesome city , all you need to do to find weed is to stand fumbling with money for around 30 secs ... at which point what is usually a black dude , more often than not speaking your language , will walk up to you to sell you some . 
  it 's never failed us for the week we 've been there . 
  oh , i had interpreted `` i imagine you would n't really care if your country was subjugated '' as a sarcastic retort to the russian dude . 
  on a side note the monument is not in czechoslovakia but in bulgaria , by the way . 
  to be honest i do n't understand the relevance of this comment in rensponse to his . 
  practically identical logo for [ coop italy ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/db/coop_italia_logo.svg ) as well , even though ours is not related to the swiss one either . 
  southern european laziness i would guess . 
  if i could have it my way i 'd organize a group of friends armed with sticks and firecrackers and take it in one night , but everytime i propose it they say they 'd rather go have a beer at some pub or something . 
  or orologio in italian, 
  my guess would be your size in population . 
  same as every other european state , when compared to giants the likes of america or china . 
  i think a major factor is that a poor person probably needs a. . . need that is easily satisfiable more than a rich one would . 
  i. . . sorry , what ? 
  my claim is that a couple politicians ' stupid opinions on social matters does not `` go a long way '' for explaining a nation 's economical prowess or lack thereof . 
  disregarding the fact that the burden of proof is not supposed to be on me , to think otherwise means to disregard past , recent , and current history , as there can be found many societies whose population and politicians alike are/were `` backwards '' on civil rights and social matters while at the same time holding a powerful economy . 
  yea i mean , just look at america . 
  they had a congressman saying that women 's bodies can shut down rape induced pregnancy and look how they 're faring now . 
  they 're still the most powerful country in the world ? 
  damn ... 
  i can understand the confusion , but given the context he most likely meant it in the sense of bingo bongo , which has nothing to do with bunga bunga :  bingo bongo is a well known 1982 italian family comedy film directed by pasquale festa campanile and starring adriano celentano as an italian tarzan character escaping across milan and speaking with all animal 's races . 
  ** the film also created an italian neologism indicating wild animal-like language or behaviour . 
  great . 
  fuck this guy , and fuck the mafia . 
  you 're also forgetting that before america , conquering a land very rarely ( if ever ) involved entirely eradicating the population previously stationed there . 
  the romans and the arabs sure did n't . 
  i think a lot of american people seem to believe in the free market as a value to be protected in itself . 
  we generally have a higher propension to think about it as more of an often useful , but sometimes not appropriate , means to an end . 
  some people believe culture is not the kind of goods that would benefit from being subjected to market logics , which would lead to whichever country has a larger budget , ability to count on economies of scale , and other economic advantages of the sort to spread its own to the point of winning a de facto monopoly on it . 
  that 's what france 's , and i 'm pretty sure eilinen 's , stance is all about . 
   the main point : the more secular a country , the more homosexuality is accepted . 
  nl is a secular nation , so you can bet that homosexuality is quite accepted . 
  i do n't see that from the data actually . 
  the east and asia is supposed to not be very religious , yet homosexuality is not very accepted . 
  then on the other hand you have the first of the class , spain , which is fairly religious compared to many others you 'd find way lower in the list . 
  italy does n't fare bad at all itself despite being home to the vatican . 
  the connection does n't seem as obvious as you make it to be , imo . 
  i think it 'd correlate better to attachment to tradition in general , not just religion . 
  romania apparently loves incest so much that it lists `` mom and son '' as both their 1st and 5th place, 
  of course , it 's because i hate * mothers * . 
  obviously , i would n't have said the same if said mep was a dude . 
  wonder how it must feel like wearing those patriarchy goggles . 
  my guess is miserable , but what do i know . 
  it 's cute alright , but ... is the baby mute or does she just not give a fuck if her daughter starts crying and screaming like all babyfolk do inside the parliament ? 
  i mean -- it 's an official institution , not a playground nor your personal kindergarten . 
  what if every other member started bringing their kids whenever they felt like ? 
  very unprofessional in my opinion . 
  that average salary does n't sound right ... italy above the uk - both gross and net ? 
  * ireland * ranking as 4th highest net salary in europe ? 
  am i reading it wrong ? 
   only most of them . 
  surely that must be the case for a certain part of them , but honestly i find it hard to believe that more than half the people protesting gay marriage in france the other day were in reality homosexuals in the closet  at any rate , i do n't think there is necessarily anything wrong with ridiculing ideological opponents . 
  i think that there is * if * ridiculing ideological opponents involves spreading falsehoods or intentionally coining misleading terms with the same objective . 
  there has to be a code of honor of sorts , even in ridiculing . 
   most so-called homophobes are n't afraid , they 're just insecure assholes . 
  i 'm pro gay rights myself , but i personally believe both the term `` homophobe '' and the fact that they 're supposedly all insecure about their own sexuality to originate from shaming tactics aimed at ridiculing ideological opponents . 
  although some of [ this data ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annual_cannabis_use_by_country ) is fairly outdated , i think it probably gives a better idea of the actual situation , even if still far from flawless . 
   the indicator is the `` annual prevalence '' rate which is the percentage of the youth and adult population who have consumed the drug at least once in the past survey year . 
  you ... ugh alright , listen , we can settle this . 
  i might be willing to trade you our very favorite stereotype in exchange for one good economy .
