  what is not simple is the level of sophistication they use to not get caught : the mayor of second city ( cluj-napoca ) had 18 burner phones in his house ; mayor of capital ( bucharest ) had a faraday cage where his guests would put all the electronic devices when they visited and he only did ` business ' during the night because romanian law does not allow search warrants between 18.00-06 .00 . and the list goes on and on, 
  the actual prime minister is under trial for corruption . 
  he resigned as the head of the socialist party to save it 's face ( but not from pm role ) and the socialists elected a new president , which was at that time already convicted , but not by the final judge , yet . 
  who is supposed to write that manual ? 
  but but ... junker said we should restrain from saying bad things about russia , we might upset poor putin, 
  you are right : since the massive crackdown in corruption , no mayor and no official is approving anything . 
  it turns out they do n't even know what is legit and what is not anymore , so they are playing safe for now doing nothing . 
  that is why we have a surplus : nobody wants to spend the money out of fear . 
  i did n't mean that , it does n't matter that it was nazi or not . 
  if germany plays only by it 's interest with disregard to other smaller nations that can not possibly have the same political leverage , we end up with completely disproportional and trouble causing situations . 
  the same happened with that pact between 2 superpowers that divided east europe , because hurr durr smaller states should fend for themselves ( you can not do that ? 
  too baaad , sorry ) . 
  one of the original reasons for eu initially was exactly to prevent germany bullying smaller states , but promote instead cooperation via a common parliament . 
  ( facepalm ) except this is literally about germany and it 's interests in russia, 
  last time when smaller states had to `` push for their own interests '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact, 
  i almost forgot that germany has very little influence on the comission and council , almost like it 's voice is not even heard . 
  i am not even sure comission will try to stop north stream , afterall , it is lead by the former fuhrer errr chancellor shroder, 
  aha , so the mice have to fight with the cats for dinner , good to know . 
  all while forbiding bulgaria to do the same gas deal , because common-enery-market bullshit , that 's a nice union we have here - all heil germany and it 's interests !, 
  that is the purpose of governments : to balance corporations ( via regulations and laws ) and provide some protection for it 's citizens . 
  i know they collude a lot , but anyway , the leader of europe should be able to stand for the people . 
  all the countries accepted refugees , at least the ones that wanted to come to ee , but what we do n't want is merkel diktats leading the europe . 
  yeah , despite being bashed all over , the us external politics is consistent . 
  they generally do n't betray their allies . 
  okay , just give back all the huge contracts and also all the factories and companies privatized for loose change to german corporations . 
  yeah , but now ( in the common energy market times ) eu comission forbids bulgaria to allow gazprom to buils south stream through their lands - this was even before sanctions on russia , but germany goes ahead and doubles north stream while sanctions on russia and common energy are the hot topics . 
  romania 10 , hungary 4 ... etc. 
  it 's almost like it 's directly linked to the size of the country , what is the news here ? 
  co2 and temperature are not so directly related . 
  we pumped up co2 since the 1990 like never before , but the global temperature is steady now . 
  it does n't matter what you are talking about , the lab rats have a very similar anatomy with ours , good enough to test ( for safety , not looks ) any product '' - chimpanzees are 96 % to 98 % similar to humans , depending on how it is calculated . 
  - cats have 90 % of homologous genes with humans , 82 % with dogs , 80 % with cows , 79 % with chimpanzees , 69 % with rats and 67 % with mice . 
  - cows ( bos taurus ) are 80 % genetically similar to humans - 75 % of mouse genes have equivalents in humans , 90 % of the mouse genome could be lined up with a region on the human genome 99 % of mouse genes turn out to have analogues in humans '', 
  forbiding animal testing does n't make companies more ethic . 
  there are many cases where farma companies tested products on unknowing people , in hospitals or adoption centers . 
   because torturing sentient beings when there already are alternatives on testing cosmetics and beauty products is unnessescary i really ca n't say if the testing can be done 100 % in other ways but the anatomy of a lab rat is surprisingly close to that of a human . 
  and believe it or not , medicine sacrifices gazilions of rats to study anatomy , including trying to induce cancer and then disecting their brain . 
  ethicist me : even if you lab test on in-vitro cells , i would still prefer to have animals testing products before testing on humans . 
  i would avoid sickening one person out of 1000 tests , even if this means sacrificing 100000 rats . 
  as an ethicist , you do realise that people who volunteer for these tests are not your regular 9-5 joe , they are desperate people willing to do anything for some cash . 
  thing of them like prostitutes : yes they mostly volunteer , but do you think they would do it if they had a choice ? 
  i would prefer to protect those poor fucks that accept clinical trials and not protect the lab rats , as an ethicist . 
  eli5 : if animal testing is prohibited , that means the first ` animals ' - living beings to test the products will be humans . 
  how is this better ? 
  edit : why the duck am i being downvoted ? 
  i asked an honest question , reddit these days ... 
  romania to undermine sanctions against russia ? 
  pleeease ... we have abysmal relations with that country . 
  while in the same time germany does goody goody gas deals with russia in north stream in the same time forbidding bulgaria to do exactly the same deal with south stream . 
  yeah , 1m is bad already . 
  but i goddam hate people , shows , movies and documentaries showing +10 meters rise . 
  you can not scare people like that all the time and then expect them to follow your cause . 
  you can not cry wolf everyday for 20 years . 
  i doubt that tool is accurate though , i put in 0 meters and it still changed the coast . 
  and that map is clickbait with 12 meters . 
  antarctica ice sheet will not melt completely even in the worst case +6 degress warming scenario ; it would ` only ' rise 1.9 meters http://www.carbonbrief.org/worst-case-scenarios-of-sea-level-rise-and-why-scientists-and-policymakers-consider-them/ an abrupt 1.9 meters rise is of course really bad , but it 's not 12 meters , and it 's the worst case scenario . 
  so far we are lucky , current climate and weather follows the mildest ipcc predictions , so let 's hope this does not change . 
  '' shed an average of 303 gigatons of ice a year over the past decade , according to satellite measurements . 
  the antarctic ice sheet , covering 5.4 million square miles ( 14 million square kilometers ) -- larger than the united states and india combined -- has lost an average of 118 gigatons a year . '', 
  this sounds very scary , but let 's put this in perspective a bit : 1 m3 ice = 1 ton . 
  10m3 ice = 10x10x10 tons = 1000 tons , 1km3 of ice is 1000x1000x1000 tons of ice , 1 gigaton . 
  antarctic ice sheet is maybe 1.5 km thick on average ? 
  to loose 118 gigatons , it 's like crearing 80 km ^ 2 of ice each year . 
  total surface is 14 million square km , so you would need 175 000 years to clear it all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antarctic_ice_sheet it says there : `` it covers an area of almost 14 million square km ( 5.4 million sq. 
  miles ) and contains 26.5 million cubic km of ice '' . 
  so you have 26\u00a0000\u00a0000 cubic km of ice , and we loose 120 each year . 
  i would not call this serious . 
  it is an unintended change , but it 's not disastrous as you put it . 
  sure , i am not saying that there are no bad effects or that it 's good we are affecting climate on a global scale , we just have to see things how they are and not fall in the trap of any extremes . 
  btw , the arctic ice does not contribute to the sea level , because that ice floats anyway . 
  only if greenland and antarctica melts we get higher sees . 
  greenland does currently melt , but not antarctica ( not in a significant way ) , and antarctica has 5 times more ice than greenland , so it 's not so disastrous . 
  70k sounds like a huge number , until you realize winter cold kills more . 
  cold related deaths are higher http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/26/winter-deaths-rose-third anyway , the bulk of the temperature rise is in the nort and south extremes , we wo n't feel such a big diffence south of denmark i guess ; for most of the world it 's gon na be weather patterns changes . 
   philippe verdier , weather chief at france t\u00e9l\u00e9visions , the country 's state broadcaster , reportedly sent on `` forced holiday '' for releasing top book accusing climatologists of `` taking hostage the world '' yeah , sacking him is totally invalidating his claims . 
   eea countries implement some eu regulations , but definitely not all yeah , only the ones that eu really wanted implemented . 
  you see , they are they bigger guy , so they get to dictate to switzerland and norway what to implement , if they want to trade with eu . 
  i do n't know how brits can imagine that they will define the terms of negotiation with eea . 
  if now you do n't like germany diktates , wait to see after you brexit !, 
  romanian wine is quite good , mind you, 
  oh common , of course all conquerors consider other people 's goods to belong to them . 
  but after the looting you can setup administration ( btw , most looting back then did not end up with foreign administration ) and rule an empire . 
  now , i am talking how you can run the empire : really backwards and kept hundreds of years with no progress like the ottomans or be more open , progressive , like the westerners . 
  by the 1800s the ottoman empire was so left behind that all countries under them were practically medieval . 
  the first laws in the modern sense were introduced in romania by russians in 1831 . 
  imagine the always backward russia being more advanced that the ottoman empire . 
  family guy sums it up nicely : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwzmdvhkrue, 
  romania never was in the soviet union , fyi, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oldest_universities_in_continuous_operation#founded_before_1500 they have 2 univesities there , how many does turkey or ottoman empire have founded ? 
  you can not possibly compare the ottoman empire with sweden, 
  it 's safer than throwing money at much more dubious people ... 
  i do n't think that is why east europe are afraid of muslims , even the ottomans did n't force their religion or sharia on us , lol . 
  but you ca n't compare being occupied by sweden , one of the most progressive nations with the backwards ottomans . 
  why do you think balkans + romania are so poor ? 
  they set us back 200 years . 
  the wealthiest balkan country is greece , and they got off the ottomans 60 years ahead of the others , they also did n't have the ussr . 
  so do n't tell me this is not a reason for hate . 
  that is for sure the reason we hate russia . 
  or at the bottom , to be precise,
