  you can not use the bank storage cassettes without someone else present ? 
  fuck that , why did greeks accept such a hummiliation ? 
  that stupid referendum should have been instead `` do you still want euros '' and be done with it . 
  you would 've had 20 bad years and then all back to normal . 
  this is now worse , you will sell everything , still have 20 bad years , and then still have debt for 200 years to come . 
  not eu , eurozone . 
  and i agree with op , this debt wo n't go away for 200 years at this rate . 
  i am not sure if you are trolling or you just do n't get the point of this thread . 
  middle east is not as simple as turks in turkey , syrians in syria , iraqis in iraq ( last 2 are quite similar ) , persians in iran etc. 
  so anglo french fucked up when they split the countries like that . 
  so you think the kurds in iraq or syria think that saddam or respectivelky assad is `` their dictator '' ? 
  or arabs in iran about the ayatolah ? 
  they are in a similar situation with estonia , just that you are now saying they are somewhat inferior and in europe it could never happen , but estonia lived through that for most of its history , with a small break after wwi and now after 1990 . https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/assets/4232063/mid_east_ethnic_lg.png, 
   not our dictators that is exactly the point of this map ... middle east is not ethnically separated in any way , many of them can say it 's not `` our dictator '', 
   if it 's that easy to put dictators and war criminals in power then there must be something seriously wrong with the society your country has been independent for ~ 50 years in total , other than that ruled by dictators ( tzars count as dictators imo ), 
  coming from ex-soviet ... 
  you missed the point, 
  rocket sheeps can definitelly ram each other, 
  there must be discussions regarding ni . 
  it depends how it comes through , if guardian is right and they prepare such a clause during a summit , it is indeed a provocation . 
  eu can be quite a nasty bitch when they want , as shown in their treatment of greece . 
  i did n't mean it like eu had a big active involvemnt . 
  i was saying that by having open borders inside a united europe it made the peace agreement easier . 
  in all fairness , eu with the common customs helped endind the troubles back in ' 98 , not so far ago . 
  i got that wrong then . 
  but this still does n't change my point . 
  eu and its manufacturers wo n't allow an easy cheat for uk , it would be dumb for them . 
  if they allowed canada to do this , they had a reason and surely they made impact analysis . 
  dammit bulgaria , i was sure we will bring this home, 
  dude , that is for canada-eu deals !, 
  meaning that the other part must be done in eu . 
  uk not being in the eu , do n't expect eu car manufacturers to be so stupid to accept a us-uk-eu scheme , why would they ? 
  they will probably turn the screw on uk current manufacturers to have a stricter quota than uk currently produces , forcing some nissan operations to move on the continent . 
  any trade deal eu makes with uk that allows tarriff free entry is going to be very strict against such schemes , why do you think they are so stupid to allow this ? 
  there is the precedent with the cars , where they forced car makers to build factories in eu . 
  you are way off . 
  romania 's relation with urss and then russia was abysmal since the 60s . 
  our securitate went full on against their services . 
  not to mention public support for chechs in 68 , closing ties with americans in the 70s . 
  why do you think russians refused to even sell us parts for the mig29 while doing so for the hungarians ? 
  we could n't maintain them anymore so we had to go back to mig21 which were simpler so our technicians could reverse engineer them and keep them in action . 
  then we had moldova not uniting with us because reasons . . then reasons became clear with transnistrian war . 
  except 1956 , hungary had a much better relation with the russians . 
  even before 1989 they tried there the gulyas communism , trying to raise standards as much as possible . 
  there is absolutele no way romanians will vote for a russian friendly president . 
  you 're delusional , doing this even to unwelcomed subhuman romanians is a sure way of antagonizing the entire eu . 
  eu can for sure tie deals with freedom of movement . 
  did n't you see what i wrote about switzerland and norway ? 
  and individual countries wo n't have an issue with british people . 
   the eu ca n't really walk away without a deal if that means citizens of certain member states being expelled from the uk . 
  what do you mean ? 
   accept 100000 immigrants per year from sudan except uk is not in africa and it 's not sudan . 
  eu does tie immigration to trade deals . 
  switzerland , norway and iceland all allow free movement of people with eu . 
  plus a recent example : eu did force canada to allow visa-free travel for romania and bulgaria together with ceta . 
   beyond the mutual deal may proposes again you fail to see my point . 
  uk can not just propose somethin and expect eu to merely reciprocate . 
  eu is larger and will use its size to muscle in their kind of deal and go from there in the negotiations . 
  it 's like going to a job interview and proclaim from the door that you will only work on wednesdays and fridays , from home and only do accounting . 
  no mate , the job is for 5 days a week , from the office and you will do hr if you want to work with us , we can negotiate on salary and perks though . 
  do you understand what i am saying ? 
  it 's not the junior player that sets out the negotiations . 
  it 's not going to be may who tells trump what she wants from the us , but the other way around . 
  so even if eu leaders agree with may on what she said they will not set off on that footing , they have to take the lead . 
  and while eu leaders are not as charismatic as putin or trump , they are quite powerful as a whole and do tend to work better in the interest of their own citizens . 
  in which country do you trust your government when it can turn your life upside down ? 
  you 're talking bollocks . 
  and anyway , it wo n't be up to may to come up with a deal , cause uk is the smaller party in this negotiation . 
  the eu will come up with something and then may might agree or not . 
  so you would just sit around waiting for a government to make a change ... that could mean your life is turned upside down and potentially you 'll have to move countries ... yeah right . 
   your own territorial integrity not sure if you 're just trolling or what . 
  calling caucasus * russia 's own * is either a lack of history or pure disingenuous . 
  it 's proof they have always been an imperialistic nation during the last centuries , with no pause during the 90s or 2000s, 
  they only wanted in nato to sabotage it , moldova , cecenia , georgia and ukraine are proof . 
  bela lugosi is a hungarian from romania ( he actually took the scrne name lugosi after the city lugoj ) . 
  but vlad the impaler was certainly romanian . 
  it 's more central than eastern . 
  when you talk geography moldova is central and has a continental temperate climate, 
  you have your own brexit ? 
  in romanian it 's you can not have the dick in the ass and the soul in heavens, 
  i think there are more than one group of tatars . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tatars#crimean_tatars the crimean ones do seem to originate in the mongol horde invasions as per my link . 
  vlad the impaler ofc , he managed to pull out some successful ottoman resistance https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night_attack_at_t%c3%a2rgovi%c5%9fte and stefan the great , he somehow managed to always defeat the invaders ( turks , hungarians , polish ) or retreat and regroup without losing the kingdom . 
  he also managed to defeat the mongol remnants ( tatars ) . 
   and eastern european countries that have vastly different levels of border security , anti-terror ability eastern europe does seem more professional on those issues though . 
  no terrorist attacks , refuggees were kept under control sooner etc. 
  this is nice and all . 
  land used 100 % dor good results so it 's ** effective ** . 
  but it is not efficient to have so many little parcels . 
  this is what i would call efficient : https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqetweogc69ignavtf7cet4hemq6oiytjxlqz7197zh62nxv31usa people always confuse effective with efficient http://www.insightsquared.com/2013/08/effectiveness-vs-efficiency-whats-the-difference/, 
  but that is because of the port , is n't it ? 
  that is not what he argued though . 
  because absolute evil does not exist , so we must be rational and evidence based when making judgements . 
  so far , i brought plenty arguments why military is not unusual in turkey , will have limited ( if any ) influence on the people and in the current climate its mandatory to use them to protect voters from is madness . 
  on the other hand you have erdogan clearly cheating elections with a bad campaign , jailed journalists and stealing ballot papers ( there are videos on youtube ) but not with guns . 
  so why jump the horse and say he used the military to win the referendum ? 
  it 's not necessary to use your assumption to find a reasonable explanation to this whole situation ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occam%27s_razor ) . 
  the turkish people voted for the populist almost dictator , we find that hard to believe it so we come up with `` erdo stole the elections with the army '' . 
  lots of ifs in your post . 
  turnout was 85 % , higher than 67 % and 73 % in 2007 and 2010 respectively .
