  nato is essential for our safety . 
  yeah , cause once you are under russian [ control ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_bessarabia_and_northern_bukovina ) it 's going to matter so much what [ standards ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag ) of [ living ] ( http://events.stanford.edu/events/602/60227/ ) you had prior to that . 
  what a clown, 
  i am sorry if i missed a comment . 
  what is your opinion on ecb shaping the euro to suit germany and the like ( tons of industry ) in detriment of southern countries , which rely more on deficits ? 
  would n't spain and greece do better in an ever weakening currency ? 
  i am not that well read , but my feeling is the current euro is good only for half the eu . 
  until we get money transfers towards the south and east , euro will make weaker economies suffer . 
  in spain you had this , in greece you had money under the carpet in italy you have * that * and in portugal you have * the other * . 
  in the end , things can go wrong and if you are tied to a euro suited for german needs , you must do like germany , otherwise you are fucked . 
  and especially since london still has companies that profited from transatlantic slave trade . 
  being in nato turkey is by definition 1st world ( 2nd is russia and it 's allies and 3rd everyone else ) . 
  now that it turn into a dictatorship , that 's something else . 
  you are right , that is happening in turkey , where pkk targets mostly armed men . 
  virgin mary wants a word with you, 
  i do n't think they intended them to be identical . 
  but think about it : if you are going to build a really cheap apartment rise , in how many configurations can you put 6 concrete slabs ? 
  not so many is n't it ? 
  they do have some attempts of beings made unique at the surface , but the general feeling is still that they are the same . 
  see how they made the balconies look interesting http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/5274247.jpg also , they degraded over 50 years of neglect . 
  exactly the point , stop playing chess in the middle east . 
  if your entire family gets blown to pieces by a western drone , how would you react ? 
  germany is near the maximum they can put in the grid without new technologies . 
  solar surplus will be very soon a reality . 
  the panels are dirt cheap due to chinese dumping . 
  in 5 years we will have free energy at noon . 
  production can be made from solar and wind when there is a surplus . 
  i am not sure if electrolysis is good enough atm for this . 
  you ca n't have the cake and eat it , mate, 
  i am already sitting in a collagen bomb, 
  it was built with private money . 
  there were some speculations about rich business-people bribing the king with money for the castle , but the king was rich anyway , he had his own money . 
  it caused traffic chaos , mayor says people need more time to accomodate with the new pattterns , so they temporarily halted it until after the school ends , when there is less traffic . 
  hydrogen is a bitch to transport , distribute , store . 
  the atoms are so small ( the smallest ) that they easily leak from joints in materials . 
  couple that with the explosive nature and high pressure tanks ... 
  it does n't look good . 
  the same with turkic-turkish . 
  turks will say about anything turkic that it 's turkish . 
  `` essentially '' comes through french though https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/essence#etymology the structure is pretty much germanic , but the vocabulary is so much more mixed . 
  what you listed are words indeed , but if you count the nouns you get 50-50 . 
  anyway , it amused me when speaking to an englishman to hear him say that french words usually end in `` ion '' or something like that . 
  no mate , there are many many more . 
  * largest , part , language , based , intellectual , formal , conversation , interesting , phenomenon , emotion , change , instance , cordial , reception , essentially * did i miss any ? 
  ofc i did : noting, 
  you ca n't compare them like that . 
  the guy literally compared `` getting the 4x4 out of the alley '' with `` going the entire route with the german tdi '' . 
  i posted the message to show that we have a common sense that is very skewed regarding emissions . 
  it took me by surprise as well that when i walk the street , the bus passing emits less nox than each of the 10 diesel cars behind it . 
  better than nothing , everything has a start . 
  a diesel automobile emits nox more than a truck ( not american truck , 18 wheeler how they call it ) or a bus https://www.theverge.com/2017/1/6/14188676/diesel-cars-toxic-emissions-nitrogen-oxides-trucks-buses-europe there 's a reason why mayors in major cities in europe wnt to ban diesel cars . 
  when you compare it to median wage ... 
  * be german chancelor * quit * go work for russian nemesis ' gazprom * profit, 
  you can start by investing in western moldova ( inside romanian borders ), 
  this is by searches on google . 
  nix systems would be under 0 if it was n't for java . 
  business applications were written in java for many years and hosted on unix . 
  windows in itself is not that vulnerable either , but all the apps on top come with their own vulnerabilities : . net , ie , sql server etc. 
  you could say the same about every other application : it 's a piece of shit from x , not windows , then you are left with a barebone system , which would be quite hard to exploit . 
  but then you would n't have a platform would you ? 
  anyway , i prefer to avoid religious wars with zealots . 
  who is going to enforce it ? 
  for example if you murder one person , then you have to pay reparations to the family . 
  but if you kill the whole family you pay nothing ? 
  ( set aside prison time ) . 
  if i only pay reparations , does n't that mean i can try stealing and the worst that can happen is i have to give back ? 
   they go for the easier target they go for the most prolific os . 
  linux ecosystem is not impenetrable by nature or `` better coding '' . 
  in fact , when there are valuable target in place like java , they manage to find quite a lot of vulnerabilities , more than microsoft ever had . 
  in fact , java vulnerabilities stay unpatched sometimes for years after being disclosed . 
   the uk is n't losing the entire eu single market , it is just leaving the single market . 
  the eu is not losing the entire uk market , it 's just that it will trade with it from outside . 
  see ? 
  it goes both ways, 
  so if you murder everybody in the city there is no one to hold you by the contract , so you are free to go . 
  i meant the economic migrants coming from balkans into eu , not refugees , each serbian or albanian or whatever is already in eu if they wanted to . 
  yes british people have attacked the eu for years , but not civilians they 've portrayed immigrants as problems and a rampant one . 
  for years you could n't hear a politician interview without referring to the * eu immigrants problem * . 
  if this is not a civilian attack then what is ? 
  that young lady in the article was nothing more than an immigrant to brussels . 
  and then we even get to this : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/nigel-farage-defends-romanian-neighbours-comments-after-car-crash-interview-with-full-page-advert-9396215.html, 
   whatever restrictions the uk sets they will be reciprocated the eu will never just reciprocate whatever uk decides . 
  they are the major party in this negotiation and they will set out the framework . 
  if the uk will be stubborn about immigration , they will pay dearly in other sectors . 
  eu can not allow itself to appear at the mercy of uk 's whims , that would be the end of eu . 
  plus , it would allow better cooperation to clean up gangs in some place and corruption as well . 
  and as for migrants , everybody who wanted to go to western europe is already there . 
  when i listen to brexiteers about `` trade '' and `` deals '' and `` negociator '' , i have the feeling they imagine it as buying and selling garments on the street of a bazar , and deals are when you manage to make 1.5 extra pounds on a dress because you are such a cunning negociator . 
  these deals are as political as they can get and by being a smart negociator you ca n't really turn shit into gold , everybody is smart at that level . 
  and trade ... everybody does it , there is not something as special as in the 18 century when the british truly had an advantage because of their navy . 
  this is so ridiculous . 
  you do n't even know the constant show that was on tv for 10 years . 
  there was no month without a scandal involving him , or caused by him . 
  but that was his merit , that 's why i liked him : he managed to bring some life into politics , to make opposite parties actually fight with each other on camera . 
  before him it was all quiet and peaceful while the oligarchs filled their coffers . 
  he pulled everyone 's pants down , started a war of revelations between private lives of political staff , he challenged everything - and the others hit him back equally strong . 
  unfortunately since he left there is no more true opposition to former communists , and he himself is on the corruption defenders now ... but i do n't regret voting for him in the past , as a president he was the perfect trouble-maker that romania needed . 
  it looks like a sun tax for own consumption if you are tied to the grid . 
  my bad , still pretty fucked up . 
  in spain you are taxed even if you are off-grid , iirc,
