  the important ones are just pushed forward by the countries with more power . 
  remember vacuum cleaner ban over 1600w ? 
  it was a commission directive , not a parliament decision . 
  the commision is an abomimation , it does not listen to the parliament ( will of the people ) , it 's members and decisions are all determined behind closed doors . 
  like with the turkish genocides ? 
  or germany in 1938 ? 
  or turkey in cyprus ? 
  or russia in georgia in 2008 ? 
  or russia in ukraine ? 
  all these happend with the us support , imagine how it will be without it . 
  i bet the french would have even sold the mistral ships to russia eventually . 
  that little island on the west , that is america , yes ? 
  yeah , do n't let any shit happen in eu without blaming or involving romania , no matter how small it 's part is . 
  i am glad this happens , it 's a sure way to get from 40 % to below 20 % in votes next year . 
  not only that , but we have troubles with domestic clients , they do n't have so much money to begin with , and are bad customers for local it providers . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  we do n't have beggars anymore , seriously !, 
  i guess they all went west , the other gypsies are still here . 
  they are not canadian , but moguls register mining companie there because of lax legislation . 
  then use holland as an escape route for the money because in the eu they have the legislation easier to circumvent when transfering money out to fiscal paradises . 
  that is why romanian rompetrol is registered there . 
  eu must put a stop to all fiscal heavens , it 's causing too much misery for the commoners . 
  you contradict yourself now , the article itself says roma then romanians . 
  not all roma are romanians , they come from all eastern europe , hungary , bulgaria , slovakia etc. 
  i know they have the same percent of gypsies . 
  do you speak rromani ? 
  would you dress like that all the time ? 
  do you con people for a living , i mean no 9-5 jobs ever ? 
  do you request more benefits from the state with every opportunity you have ? 
  do you throw trash on the streets ? 
  are you obnoxious in public ? 
  did you get married at 12 ? 
  did you have a kid by 15-17 if girl , 17-19 if boy ? 
  do you have at least 3 kids by 25 ? 
  do you make kids just so you have more benefits ? 
  if you answer yes to all of the above , then might have inherited some higher-class gypsi cultural genes  the conditions for the lower class ) most of them ) are different !, 
  it ' behind a paywall , why would you even post this here ? 
  do n't worry , neither do we . 
  this is just a 10 km piece of shit . 
  bucharest is not connected to west europe , brasov , cluj , sibiu or timisoara , and neither of those cities is connected one to another !, 
  misleading title at best . 
  it 's not about race , most gypsies are dark skinned like indians , but in romania some are pale white and wear distinctive traditional clothing all the time . 
  they are well dressed ( for their standards lol ) men and kids  10 are always in a suit . 
  they traditionally have a trade but now it 's payed too bad to be worth doing . 
  they are proud people and make a point of not stealing !, 
  however , they get their money by conning and tricking people . 
  the best ones do n't make a living with tricks , only sell overrated merchendise and pay no taxes . 
  they do get upset if you call them gypsies , but they are very similar in being obnoxious , hate for law and order , trying their best not to integrate . 
  why is that a good thing ? 
  this puts a stigma also ethnic romanians , which anyone can tell you it 's an entirely different story . 
  the thing is , you do n't hear much about romanian ethnics because they integrate very well and do n't cause so much trouble . 
  i can tell you that we are more then 10 times as many as gypsies , but you do n't notice us . 
  romania can and should play a bigger role in cyber-defense of eu and nato . 
  for now we are consulting ukraine 's defense , but we can do more . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the 500k to a million romanians in spain certanly does n't ` destroy ' the country , but are hard working members of society . 
  now i agree norden states should do much more to help the border ones-especially because they were involved more in iraq , afganistan , syria etc. 
  i know it 's hard with refugees , but to blame * them * for destroying greece is a little too much , that was my point . 
  they destroyed greece ? 
  so it was their fault for all your major issues ( corruption , tax evasion , bad ploticians ) all along . 
  he kneeded a break . 
  ftfy, 
  but still , what is all the fuss about ? 
  it 's their country , they can name it as they wish , no ? 
  you want to hold a trademark 3000 years old ? 
  yeah , when you are so low the only way is up . 
  especially since the good news on corruption improvements in these years . 
  what i meant by the gdp of a commie country is that it 's basically irellevant , things do n't have a monetary value ; their value is decided by a central bureocrat . 
  for example , the usd was officially 10 lei , but it was illegal to buy or own usd . 
  usd was only used for export-import . 
  in order to be competitive on exports , for each product we had a different usd-leu ratio . 
  make a tv with 1000 lei , sell it with 100 usd , right ? 
  wrong , a tv-usd was used , which meant it only got 37 or so real usd . 
  but we kept reporting in all statistics as 10 lei = 1usd . 
  all this fake economy makes no sense to attach to a gdp . 
  also , we had pretty big salaries in usd , at least 250-500 for everyone ; but you could buy nothing from import , so essentially those money were a kind of nation-wide staples . 
  edit : and because of these ` high ' salaries that were worth nothing , older people always had the feeling that it was better of during communism . 
  we are not in eurozone , but portugal is , and so is spain . 
  how can a greek ask money from the poorer portugal or spain with it 's huge unemployment ? 
  this discussion was all about greece vs nazi germoney , but it 's harder for italy france spain and portugal to justify the bailouts than it is for germany . 
  i guess they allowed this focus on ge because of image hits , but they do n't like it either . 
  haha , no seriously , we were like 10 times poorer , it 's just that it 's hard to grasp in statistics . 
  gdp does not make much sense for a communist country . 
  edit : in 1997 we had a 200usd average salary , but most people had 50-70usd , the average was dragged up by the state salaries.edit2 : minimum salary was 8 usd , no zeros , eight dollars . 
  then this table is utterly stupid . 
  romania did n't recover from communism yet , we are not on par with europe . 
  how did you decide to cut off in 1995 ? 
  current romanian debt to gdp ratio is 39,6 . 
  this simple error makes me question the entire post , sorry . 
  flashnews !, 
  georgia invaded russia !, 
  ok , you 're right , i have nothing more to say . 
  that 's what you do n't get . 
  it 's not `` their own '' , but it 's russia 's bullying every smaller neighbour , not only former ussr . 
  but this is hard to understand when you live in germany or uk , you only see that russia attacks georgia or ukraine but there were things before and after that as well . 
  it 's not a moral issue either , it 's about the eu making a stance against an external factor that is trying to destabilize it 's eastern part , it 's not just an isolated economic battle . 
  russia constantly uses economy to blackmail countries into political subdue , eg . 
  banning fruit and wine imports from moldova just because they got closer to eu . 
  i do n't remember china or usa trying to screw us up , they are most welcomed to do business in out countries . 
  it 's funny to say `` i will let you have your own disputes with the psychotic guy next door , 10 times larger than you , just so you feel independent '' while germany is making big money and getting cheapest ( ? ),
