  i like this , i do n't understand why every other country must sing in english at least part of the song , native language is better . 
   and their actions in poland , baltic countries and finland are unforgivable . 
  and romania !, 
  balkans would like a word with you, 
   the eu ca n't complain about the fom not being fully implemented in the name of the sanctity of the 4 freedoms if 50 % of them are missing because of brussels yeah , but they chose what they gave you . 
  unless you are obliging to respect 100 % of the rules they are making , why would they give you 100 % access ? 
  for example , you made a trade deal with china , how would this even work if you can make you own trade deals then have unrestricted acces in the common market ? 
  this is just an example , but it 's obvious it can not work unless you want to comply 100 % . 
  and 100 % compliance would be eea which i think it is not desired bu the swiss . 
   i thought that the countries that joined the eu did so because they actually wanted to be a part of a pan-european pseudo super-state , not because they were bribed to join with economic goodies . 
  most people do like the idea of eu for the peinciple of it , but that does n't mean we can just allow a third party have the same economic goodies without being inside . 
  that would n't make any sense , it 's like the brexiteers wanting the cake and eat it . 
  it 's like paying a monthly fee to keep a ping pong club running and thenyou come along and say : oh , `` why do n't you let me play for free , i thought you actually wanted to be part of a ping pong club , not because it 's cheaper to play '' . 
  well , why would eu give the same rights to countries not putting in the same dough ? 
  what would norway say then ? 
  they have to implement almost verbatim whatever eu decides , and they do n't even have a vote . 
  that is why they get the access . 
  exactly , fair or not , the deal will be a bitter pill to swallow for may . 
  not only does the deal have to be bad , but it also has to look bad to the voters , especially the voters in the 27 states . 
  he refers to the situation where prisoners while serving a sentence are working for 0.5 dollars a day to have their sentences reduced for good behavior , while the prison charges the employing company below the minimum wage , maybe 3 dollars an hour . 
  `` it reeks , but at least it 's warm '' - what we sometimes say in romania, 
  switzerland will never get the same access as the countries inside , it would invalidate the entire idea of eu . 
  just like iceland , norway and the swiss, 
  so swiss spy agency is upset that he talked to the federal prosecutors ? 
  romania has much more lively debates , yes . 
  as long as people have a limit and stop a heated discussion before it offends the others , it 's not frowned upon . 
  i found that british offend the other side sooner with snarky remarks , maybe that 's a reason why i did n't see too much debate . 
  the 3 people that i know voted leave never engaged in anything , i think they were afraid of the backlash of others . 
  this is a pity , i would have enjoyed a conversation to see why they did so . 
   it 's pretty dull conversation ha , anything can be argued , but i guess it 's also the latin spirit to be able to fight about anything . 
  link ? 
  i do n't know what happend in the last years , people started voting so badly and against their own interests ... it 's the same in romania , they got back the same old oligarchs which we try to get rid if since the fall of communism . 
  i did n't see the nhs protests last year , good for you then . 
   education system instead because it was on the news , in the lunchroom ... so i thought having conversation about grammar schools should be expected . 
  compared to any and each trump tweet or whatever , which caused a bigger reaction . 
   this geopolitical event is really dramatic exactly my point , you consider trump as really dramatic , but it wo n't be , your lives will be impacted much more by your domestic issues like good education and health services . 
   if you were in london , or mostly talking to under 50 's , then chances are that those people , in fact , did not vote to leave the eu indeed , i was in london and most people that i know voted remain . 
  but still , i find it peculiar that they were more interested in trump president than in the similar twat boris being secretary . 
  maybe it was just a defense mechanism to forget brexit by looking at another fuckup . 
  there were protests against trump i think almost every week in london in late jan and feb , before there were any for nhs . 
  the junior doctors had a strike , that helped with the protests . 
  if it was n't for the strike maybe there would have been no protest . 
  and i did n't see protests about the snooper 's charter , but maybe i missed it . 
  anyway , if trump dances with the queen during the state visit ( that is one major complaint i heard from one protester ) , that has such a smaller impact on british lives compared to the privacy laws . 
  i am not trying to offend anyone , it 's just an observation i made while living in london for almost 2 years . 
  during lunchtime colleagues would rather get involved and critique trump or the eu rather than domestic subjects such as hinkley point c , nhs , grammar schools , electoral system , nigel etc. 
  hell , you have bigger twats than trump ( boris and nigel ) but people are more worried about potus . 
  i saw so many people saying `` i would be ashamed if i was an american now '' as soon as trump won ; really ? 
  you voted for nigel farage 's lifetime idea and you pity the americans ? 
  brexit is forever , trump is gone in 4 years . 
  anyway , this was my experience , your mileage may vary . 
  it 's interesting how british people are so annoyed by harmles stupid comments from junker , but turn a blind eye to their own politicians doing actual harm . 
  snoopers charter and nhs underfunding . 
  you even protest against trump more than for your own problems http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/04/thousands-march-london-protest-against-donald-trumps-travel/, 
  right , i mean ... why do british people think this national election is so important to the continental europe ? 
  there was such a movement in 94 ? 
  i knew about 1990 immediatelly after getting away from soviet union , but not 94 . 
  turks and greeks brought manele to us ... 
  a collapsing state would actually bring more tourists , as they will take advantage of the cheap drachma . 
  greece could not compete with turkey on tourism because they were cheaper , with their own currency they could have become much more competitive . 
   a collapsing state would create a downward spiral . 
  i donno man , doing business with capital controls in place seems like a nightmare . 
  how do you even start a small business when you can not retrieve the 20k dollars you saved 10 years for this ? 
   yet their military spending is still the highest in europe . 
  they have to , being neighbors with erdogan , his ministers publicly claim that the greeks have too many islands , which rightfully belong to them . 
   needing foreign aid so that people do n't starve to death . 
  oh pleease , they have at least 25 millions tourists each year , bringing in at least 15 billion euros . 
  this is for a population of 10 millions . 
  plus , they have 20 billion in exports . 
  35 billions in international currency would have been enough to feed the population . 
  they are suffering anyway for almost 10 years now . 
  almost no jobs , poor purchasing power and capital controls . 
  do you know they can not get their own hard-earned money out of the banks ? 
  only 250 euros are allowed each week !, 
  even if you have a safe deposit in a bank , you are not allowed to open the safe box alone , in case you hid something in there . 
  they also have to sell now everything the state own to foreigners : airports , ports , water distribution , you name it . 
  they will still be in debt , still pay interest , all assets sold for the next 50 years . 
  10 years of hyperinflation is a breeze . 
   king albrecht if you refer to this battle https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_cosmin_forest then there is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  our stefan was the best romanian king up until 19th century , some say the best ever . 
  he was quite a military genius , not even the turks managed to defeat him , they forced him to accept turkish rule by economic means . 
  yes there is . 
  dodon himself said it was too bad that russians stopped at the prut river when they took over the country . 
  if the russians would have taken all of moldova , now moldova would be a whole country . 
  they had that in the contest and did n't win ? 
  clearly it was rigged . 
  transnistria war was in 1992 what happened in 94 ? 
  for some years , but then you would be free . 
  getmany rebuilt after the war in 20 years and became the `` to be '' nation by 1970s . 
  greece already spent 10 years in crysis with little sign of progress . 
  the debt will still be crippling in 50 years . 
  the only option is to beg eu for a debt haircut . 
  and are n't you poor now , regardless how hard you work ? 
  you can only take 250 euros out of your account each week . 
  i am talking out of my ass now , but why not ? 
  government can just star issueing local bonds aka new drachmas , then start printing proper drachma notes . 
  convert all euros and euro debts to drachmas . 
  ofc the new currency will have 10000 inflation , but that is the point , to eliminate the debt . 
  ofc you would have people queueng at atms and banks , but you got that anyway with capital controls . 
  you can not even access you own money ?!??
