  this migration will never stop , it will only get bigger if people know all they have to do is show up on your shores and then they get to choose to live in eu . 
  what good is it for romania to take 500 potential refugees a year if for each onenthere will be 10 more ? 
  syria is a different case , as it 's a finite country torn by war , but most are not refugees of war . 
  you should get more help , i totally agree . 
  but giving free passes in eu to whoever manages to float towards italy or greece is a disastrous policy . 
  safe zones in syria , lybia etc , keep the refugees in camps on islands like australia does ( compensate locals for lost business ofc ) and other measures should be more effective . 
  compare that to eu looking down on hungary like they were some kind of nazis for trying to protect the schengen border . 
  if merkel and other western countries would n't be so welcoming to mena migrants , you and italy would n't have so many people on the boeders . 
  where there is a war , like syria , ofc we should help them stay safe , but not by encouraging illegal border crosisngs . 
  the funny thing is , the horty regime was put in power with the help of romanians after they conquered budapest and dismantled the first hungarian communist republic after wwi . 
  were they trialed for killing an entire village ? 
  i do n't think so , they were later trialed in absentio by romanian tribunals . 
  so you do agree with me , considering you started using whatabboutism to justify ethnic cleansing . 
  you even went back to horea and 1848 ... talking about whataboutism , hungarians started killings in 48 , but let 's not deviate : you can not deny that thw hungarian army proceeded to ethnic killings in masse , in some areas . 
  ethnic killings on one side , romanification on the other , yep seems perfectly balanced . 
  it was the hungarian army though , not some rogue militia . 
  what part do n't you agree with ? 
  gifting a romanian majority land to horty ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_vienna_award or the indiscriminate killing of romanians https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ip_massacre in ethnic cleansing style ? 
  the nazi gifted part of transilvania to hungarian extremists , which proceeded to kill romanian civilians , so there 's that . 
  how do you call a woman fanboy ? 
  i did the same , but you are left with security issues if you are unpatched . 
  how can russia be afraid of germany when they know the germans will sell ee for a good deal , like nosrtstream ? 
  or that they can even employ at gazprom their goddam former chancelor schroder . 
  i couls n't imagine obama going to work for the russians the next day after not being a president . 
  that is the second bulgarian empire , which is called bulgarian-vlach empire by many people , not just romanians https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_bulgarian_empire#nomenclature ops picture is the first bulgarian empire , the second empire is smaller . 
   but were n't the einsatzgruppen and romanian equivalent the main perpetrators in the occupied territories in the east , yes , against the jews and communists . 
  i was talking about hungarian occupied transilvania , though . 
  after the vienna diktat , hungarians got a part of transilvania and started killing romanian civilians . 
  he did allow ethnic cleansing in occupied transilvania , not to the same degree as nazis did to jews , but still . 
  i am not sure to be honest , not having any clue what it sounded like makes it hard to miss it . 
  but you are right , romanians do like their dacian ancestry and for sure if we had more knowledge of the language it would have been held in high esteem . 
  but currently there is nothing to relate to , so it 's hard to tell . 
  we do know several dacian names , but we do n't use them to name our kids , from the list below i only recognized `` dida '' , but even that is very very rare https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_dacian_names, 
  moldovans have a russian accent , romanians not so much . 
  we have a harsh accent that english speakers say it 's russian because there is nothing similar so they put it near russian . 
  but it 's not actually russian except in moldova ( both the republic and parts of our region ) . 
  we did n't even signed the border treaty with moldova ... so yeah , everything is negotiable outside treaties, 
   it was very handy and understood by all of our non-t * rks in the area . 
  what do you mean ? 
  sometimes i am so confused by the tv when there is a portuguese show . 
  it sounds romanian , but i can not understand a single word ... then i realize it 's portuguese and i let go for a minute , then it sounds so romanian again that my brains struggles to make sense of it . 
  the previously spoken language by the dacians was not written anywhere . 
  those guys used greek or latin when writing stuff on monuments etc. 
  there is not a single inscription in dacian , but we know they spoke dacian because of their weird sounding names ( found in latin and greek inscriptions ) . 
  tax evasion is a different topic just as crime and corruption is a different topic in regards to schengen . 
  there is nothing about crime or corruption in schengen treaties . 
  it 's more a bully powerplay from countries already in the zone . 
  but you have the upper hand as we need to get in and remove vetoes , while we have no power whatsoever to force the benelux stop facilitating tax evasion . 
  an issue with much bigger repercusions on the economy and lives of people than pickpockets . 
  the thing is , western countries get to lecture us and veto on any reason they feel like , while blatant issues in the west are just brushed under the carpet . 
  at the end of the day , romanian companies are losing money with trucks waiting even days to just cross the borders . 
  weird , companies struggle to hire good people even though there are some of the highest wages in europe . 
  espwcially after brexit , marketed positions shot upwards . 
  pickpockets are indeed very annoying . 
  they do n't make such a big economical damage as tax evasion tough , for which the dutch excel providing services to . 
  thieves in nicer suits i would say , robbing taxes from other eu countries worth hundreds of billions each year . 
  but here we are though , the netherlands can veto romania out of schengen for gypsies ( a political reason , they are already there ) , but romania can not veto tax evasion out of benelux . 
  ups , am i on a list now ? 
  yeah , romania has huge intelligence involvment , it has most spies per capita , probably in the world . 
  we also provide nato with tons of information , just that we are not so famous for this as mi5 or others . 
  the intelligence agencies continued to be a part of politics after 1989 . 
  i am surprised the president accepted a spy as pm . 
  he 's deeply involved in the intelligence agencies , he 's a teacher at the intelligence agency college . 
  publicly he 's not a spy , but he trains spies , i find it hard to believe . 
  i am not sure why our president accepted him . 
  a heat pump moves heat from one place to another , even if the source of the heat is already colder than the destination . 
  your frridge and freezer do this already . 
  take out the heat from inside and dissipate it the room using the pipes in the back . 
  because the pipes are cooled using just air , its an air heat pump . 
  the same with a window ac unit for example , it 's radiator is cooled outside using air flow . 
  you get a better efficiency if instead of a radiator or pipes in the air you have a heatsink in the ground or water , because these both have a bigger thermal energy and transfer heat faster . 
  from your site : https://energy.gov/energysaver/heat-pump-systems air ones are 200 % ( that means 50 % cheaper than resistance heating ) . 
  and geothermal ones are 200-300 % ( from your text 30-60 % cheaper than resistance ) . 
  being in cold climate has nothing against heat pumps if you plan it right and have a good grounded or underwater exchange pipes . 
  edit : air heat pumps means a regular ac with inverter . 
  good old russian german partnership fuckin over ee , last time it went so well for everyone https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact, 
  lol my eastern friend , you do n't know the full ingenuity of russians when it comes to fucking with you . 
  they will just say that there is a safety issue on their territory in the pipe pumps that connects to poland . 
  there is no issue with the ns2 pumps though . 
  just like they discovered toxins in the wine produced by all the moldavian wineries !!, 
  the very next day moldova signed an agreememt with eu . 
  it 's not 100 % , far from it !, 
  it 's at least 300 % when converting an electricity kwh to thermal kwh using a heat pump . 
  your regular ac unit does the trick . 
  nah , you get a discount on quantity , after all , it 's poundland . 
  it 's shitty because spain , italy and greece at least were struggling hard after 2008 and implored ecb to print some money while germany was opposing it . 
  it took years to finally give in and do what should have been done since day1 , like in the us . 
  bank of england issued 300 billions the very next day after the referendum . 
  southern states were left at the literal mercy of ecb and suffered greatly because of that . 
  i am not saying that their economies did n't have flaws ( housing bubbles in spain , cooked books in greece etc. ), 
  , but ecb works for the majority , or bigger players , like germany , so they lacked this valuable tool while dealing with the crysis . 
  if you do n't have an economy like germany : lots of exports , similar standard of living , euro is really shitty . 
  it balances out during normal times because euro-bonds , investments and other goodies , but in time of crysis it can hit you so hard you 'll never recover . 
  i know it 's easy to just blame it on individual countries : corrupt greeks , naive spanish ( for buying large houses ) , lazy italians , backwards finns for letting nokia go bust , crooked americans for lying banks etc. 
  but the truth is we are not perfect and countries will screw up again , probably in a new way each time , so we ca n't foresee everything . 
  and when you do screw up , having an extra tool in the box : your own currency , can prove lifesaving . 
  usa are pretty much recovered , uk managed to get a slow downtrend rather than a dump of the pound versus greece , italy , spain , finland still struggling . 
  ireland has euro and did a good recovery , but they `` export '' a lot via the foreign hqs there . 
  and an example i know better : romania had a perfect storm in 2009 .
