  half is in romania half in the republic . 
  i would n't put in another region than romania just yet . 
  this makes no sense , us have nothing to gain from this deal ? 
  do n't forget usa are not bothered by a civil war in me , especially since they do n't have boots on the ground . 
  the chief of the ruling party . 
  he can not be a member of the government because he 's a convicted criminal ( for electoral fraud in 2012 ) . 
  for lower costs , wages , etc. 
  if the economy does not benefit , how comes there is n't a big uproar in society to get rid of the permissive laws ? 
  you know , to tax the companies and have money for healthcare , elders etc. 
  not only it would help your budget , but also other countries in eu , as there would be no reason to rent a mailbox in nl . 
  at the moment it 's almost impossible to pass anti-evasion eu legislation and benelux is a reason for that . 
  honest question : what does the average right wing dutchman think of the hundreds of billions companies manage to siphon out of eastern europe using benelux as a bridgehead out of eu ? 
  is it complete ignorance or something along the lines of `` yeah , but we have a better culture , so we deserve all the goods and none the bads '' like the british do . 
  while romanian beggars are annoying , and we sent pickpockets on your streets , do they realize that for us it 's more annoying to lose billions in taxes just because it 's legal ? 
  that 's all right , you can always do what the brits did : vote to tank your economy so there 's nothing of value anymore . 
  he did send official papers , that was just a greeting over sms . 
  it is still weird though , as this might be the first pm not presented to the public by the president in a formal press conference . 
  it was probably a display of power , or an attempt as such : i am designating the pm you wanted , but i wo n't even talk to him in public . 
   it 'll probably be like ponta 2.0 . 
  unfortunately it 's going to be worse , he is a likable guy , no skeletons in the closet ( the media scoured his history and came back empty handed after 3 days ) . 
  this means we will have a peaceful psd occupation of romania for the next 4 years . 
  it 's going to be nastase all over again , people will praise the corrupt government for gdp growth and close a blind eye to corruption and other irrelevant things like press freedom and democracy . 
  gdp grew because in previous years we finally had the balls to liberalize the economy and apply to join nato and eu . 
  if it was for psd , we would still have fixed prices for bread , like in 1996 !, 
  ever since i was a little kid i rememeber hearing about jean-marie le pen , looong before 2007 . 
  i still remember being so confused about the name , a guy with a guy-girl name . 
  her housband is syrian , worked in the syrian government for 20 years . 
  hmm , i thought only the jet streams will be affected by the pole-ecuator differentials , but i am just a layman . 
  ipcc also could n't prove that the winds will increase or decrease https://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/ar4/wg1/en/ch11s11-3-3-5.html saying  the changes in both average and extreme wind speeds may be seasonally variable , but the details of this variation appear to be model-dependent anyway , my simple mind equated more energy in the system = more wind , but it seems like it 's not proven . 
  if the planet gets warmer , then you have more energy in the air . 
  more energy means more wind , because the systems tries to get to eqyilibrum . 
  so yes , the wind patterns will be affected , but in the same time increased in intensity . 
  tbh , i did n't knew nuclear is not always classified as renewable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_power_proposed_as_renewable_energy but i maintain my position , it 's ridiculous that france has 90 % `` low-carbon '' or `` renewable '' electricity , but we ignore that . 
  they 've solved their electricity co2 problem a long time ago , in just 10 years , and have decent electricity prices . 
  most other european countries make huge sacrifices and efforts to reduce co2 by 20-30 % in 10 years . 
  true , i am not saying sweden is doing something wrong , just that cutting trees is a low effort energy source , while building tens of nuclear reactors is quite an achievement . 
  i do n't think this map is fair in regards to co2 reduction effort . 
  i find it peculiar to exclude nuclear but include wood . 
  the same way i find it weird in other graphs to exclude large hydro , but include burning wood chips imported from canada into uk ( see drax ) . 
  this approach makes me believe the graph is made with a specific target in mind . 
  this is completely off and meaningless . 
  france is at 8 % , because nuclear is not included . 
  in the same time , sweden , finland and other wood burning countries are on top . 
  how many of the children are born in recent immigrants ' families ? 
  you want to control immigration , but what about emigration ? 
  see my link , you have the highest number of emigrant in eu , not poland , romania or latvia . 
  or you believe that because of your superior culture , you are actually expats , not immigrants , a completely different race . 
  i do n't get why you are downvoted , i guess you were a nuisance to the warm feel-good circlejerk of the green crusaders, 
  it would if it was n't for the immigrants . 
  just think that uk produces the most emigrants in eu ? 
  http://metrocosm.com/eu-diaspora-map/ i find it funny that the country with most immigrants voted to end freedom of movement . 
  nope , the medieval state of moldova was split in half by russians in 1812 and the west part formed romania in 1859 . 
  in 1918 the east moldova required union with romania too . 
  then in wwii russians didit again ... 
  yes , but thwy only started doing it in the 1940s so people do n't believe it yet . 
  they 're blaming opposition for stalling investments ??? 
  what ? 
  like some businessmen will say `` oh i could make 2 millions a year in eastern poland if i just invest now , but i will stall just to spite the government '' . 
  fukin hell , do polish electorate believe this bullshit ? 
  ( not that romanian one is better , just ... different ), 
  yes , i forgot to mention we got a badass dna prosecutors division because of the eu integration pressure from bruxelles . 
  they jailed hundreds of high ranking politicians already , including a former prime-minister , ministers , countless pms and mayors . 
  we do get money from the west , but just pomping money would n't have made a difference . 
  i think we are and will be catching up because of the common market . 
  or the usa under trump heh, 
  this is fucking genius, 
   romanians getting into majority in transylvania this always bugged me . 
  hungarians seem to always say that romanians somehow massively migrated from valachia and moldova into transilvania and only then they became majority . 
  but who inhabited those lands before the hungarians , who were the majority of the population for 1000 years of no written history ? 
  how could hungarians displace a population without any trace of it , and then romanians , a non catholic population displace the hungarians . 
  and this happened without massive wars , without being registered in chronicles . 
  small exchanges did happen both way , that 's why we have catholics in moldova , moldova as a state was created by romanian transilvanians in 1300s . 
  as you said , the turks decimated the central hungary , but majority of transilvania was untouched . 
  how do you explain this to yourself ? 
  i know there are little written records , but still , from a logical perspective , what happened to the pre-hungarian population , there is no trace of it in transilvania . 
  unless maybe the pre-hungarian population was mostly pre-romanians as we call them ? 
  now , from our perspective , the remote villages in the transilvanian mountains speak the romanian language with most latin remnants , compared to any other region . 
  this kind of supports the continuation of the roman era civilization . 
  also , even the hungarian era cities are built on top of roman ruins . 
  you will find roman ruins in the center of most cities . 
  this surely means a continuation from roman times . 
  if it were for the roman era population to survive somehow , it would surely do so in remote and protected regions in the mountains , like transilvania , not moldova and valachia , which are mostly steppes and hills . 
  who inhabited the lands between the romans and the hungarians ? 
  i am not saying that the roman-dacian theory is perfect , but tbh it makes most sense given the little evidence we have , probably we would have had more if it was n't for so many invasions . 
   everybody wanted a chunk from hungary , so obviously they would say they are romanian or slovakian , and not hungarian , even though they would speak both languages , would live in hungary for decades or centuries . 
  so you 're implying that people doing the census might tilt the balance in their favor a little bit ? 
   this chart is from 1920 no , it 's from 1910 , made by the hungarians , oops . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_trianon#the_1910_census this might mean , by your own judgement , that the hungarians might have tilted it in their favour . 
   about the tatar thing , the big invasion for us was in the 13th century newsflash : to get to hungary , tatars must cross moldova and transilvania . 
  anyway , being outside the carpatians , moldova witnessed tatars invasions starting in 13th century and ending around 16th century . 
  for romanians the tatar invasion was not a one-off thing like for the hungarians . 
   and i know you had some wars with the t\u00fcrks , but from the 15-16th century , the ottomans were the overlord for wallachia , moldavia and transylvania it 's more complicated than that . 
  they were the overlords , but this did n't mean a peaceful occupation , moldova and valachia were always war zones because they were buffer states , constant rebellions from romanians and massive human resource draw from the turks , see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/devshirme transilvania was ruled by the turks just for 100 years or so after the mohacs battle , when the kingdom of hungary was split , after that it was under austrian rule until 1867 , when the dualism began with transilvania under hungarian rule . 
  this is when hungarians tried very hard to implement magyarization . 
   i do n't know where the hell are you people coming from so fast :p but you also have to consider that your nation is like 2 times bigger , maybe it was always a little bit bigger , with more roots in the ground ? 
  anyway , because of all the invasions and stuff , romania is still one of the least populated countries in europe , we are nowhere near western europe density levels . 
   i do n't even know why are we comparing this thing . 
  you said that you were slaughtered by the turks and tatars several hundred years ago , i was just pointing out that this is not a reason for the low presence of hungarians in the lands splitted by the trianon treaty , as for most other nations we endured more slaughtering including at the hands of your ancestors , but the hungarians were still a minority by 1910 . 
   i do think we were tossed around more than you though :d you are forgetting that we endured everything you did , plus the hungarian rule , so no , i do n't think you are right  .
