  jokes aside , i think you are better off without nuclear , pv panels are cheaper even now , in 10 years they will be so dirt cheap and ubiquitous that electricity will be free during daylight , we just need to store it for evenings . 
  what is the people 's opinion on eu ? 
  i would expect them to be upset about ' 99 . 
  if they will have a referendum to join and they will win with 55 % only , i do n't think it 's healthy to join , better wait until most people want it . 
  in any negotiation there is a senior and a junior player . 
  when you are negotiating a new job , the senior player is the employer and they set out the big things : what you will do , how many hours a week , in which office location , how many holidays , office attire etc. 
  the junior is the employee , they can negotiate on some things like salary , but in general can barely touch the core lines set by the company . 
  it was the same when countries got into the eu : because they were smaller , they had to implement most eu rules , with not so much room for negociations . 
  this is going to be the same with a us-uk trade deal : they will make the big decisions and uk politicians will have to find some smaller points they can bring home and boast with the new deal . 
  i would n't expect it any other way when eu and uk will negotiate : eu will be the senior in this case and lay out the framework . 
  to have uk , the junior player , set out the rules and expect eu to merely reciprocate , is ludicrous . 
  it 's like going to a job interview where everyone dresses smart and you go in jeans and flip-flops and say : look guys , i know you do n't like how i dress but it 's my decision and you can just dress like me if you want , i am comfortable like this . 
  now , eu might be lenient about some parts of the negotiation , but then uk would loose too much on all other fronts . 
  and eu can not make a deal that looks more favorable to uk than to members , that would be the end of the union . 
  do you have reading comprehension ? 
  i was not talking about brexit , but about the multiplication effect of the financial sector . 
  while the 30 % is just my guesstimate , pwc was about brexit effect on the financial sector . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_trade_multiplier it may not be 30 % , but it 's huge anyway , considering that finance has a direct effect on other sectors like legal and business services ( translators and such ), 
  the thing is that 10 % is much more valuable to the economy than any other sector , because it 's primary income into the country . 
  these are money obtained by some guys in suits working at computers , taking percentages from factories , mines and whatnot from all over the world and eu . 
  but these guys must be housed , must eat , get to work and back , buy cars , buy clothes , etc. 
  so they support maybe 30 % more of the economy . 
  pwc can not make accurate predictions , no one can atm . 
  so you can shoot the ballista at pedestrians from your bedroom , noice !, 
  that chart is about 2 aspects of the culture , if you think that is all the culture means , i have bad news for you . 
  that chart would make it seem like portuguese , macedonian and vietnamese are indistinguishable , and trinidad and qatar are not that much different . 
  the difference is romania and bulgaria are paying for the right to move and work elsewhere . 
  we opened up our economies and allowed western companies to buy for pennies all the factories , oil reserves , lots of lands and forests . 
  you ca n't do that in nigeria , you as a british even pay a premium for a visa there . 
  you ca n't just open up businesses in china ( you have to have a chinese partner ) or russia ( the oligarchs would just eat you up if you are successful ) , but you could easily and safely expand in the virgin territories of eastern eu . 
  normally we would have had some form of protectionism until we got on our feet since the fall of communism . 
  you take the ease to do business for granted , but worldwide it 's the exception , not the rule . 
  romanians can easily learn other romance languanges and integrate easier in those countries . 
  there are 1 million romanians in spain and one in italy . 
  low wages people do n't necesarily like uk . 
  i do n't know , i made the mistake myself a while ago because it 's so natural to just say pakis , if you 're not familiar with the history . 
  never watched it myself either , i only skipped now to the end to see what people were saying about the end . 
  pakis is an insult in uk , it 's not a shorthand for pakistanis anymore . 
  i do n't think you wanted to insult indians and pakistanis . 
  the end of the video shows the republic of moldova flag , which is the same as the romanian one , except they have the coat of arms in the center . 
  we only sport the coat of arms in special flags as military etc. 
  their coat of arms is similar to our , but shows only moldova 's historical coat of arms , while romanian one combines all the historical coats of arms from all the united provinces , including moldova 's ( because half of moldova is in romania afterall ) . 
  it 's one thing to outsource or to produce yourself, 
  what are the side openings for ? 
  did they use some sort of balistas ? 
  yes , let us close all our factories and produce almost everything in italy , france and germany / s, 
  romanians for example eat a lot of bread . 
  especially since it 's a must for our soups , and we can not go one day without soup . 
   or de facto head of state which former colony still has the queen as de facto head of state ? 
  not even uk has that , the prime minister is the de facto leader . 
  maybe you meant `` de jure '' head of state ? 
  the successor empire was the bulgarian-romanian empire , so there 's that . 
  they did that as well in romania , with the only outcome more people took to the streets , angrier . 
  what happened with the protests in poland a few weeks ago ? 
  i was hoping for a revolution , or at least a tone down . 
  in sweden ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i even had a magazine with it , it was awesome, 
  source ? 
  i ca n't believe romania or ukraone would n't put russia as # 1, 
  dishwasher used to be a human . 
  no clue , i like more the ro-m\u00e2nia version . 
  where * m\u00e2nia * means anger . 
  i think tentions were high before americans stopped the war in bosnia, 
  nah , just curious about how this things work . 
  thermo plants already work like that . 
  while required by the regulation authority to normally operate to maximum 80-90 % of the capacity so they can prop the production when needed . 
  they are also subsidized when production is high and request is low to operate at 10 % -30 % . 
  this obviously generates losses for the plant , for which it would be cheaper to just shut down the plant over the weekend for example , but they are paid to keep them running . 
  well , we all saw how eu jumped to help greece . 
  we all know how the west betrayed poland and eastern europe in wwii first against germany then against russia . 
  and now uk bails out because there are too many poor immigrants coming to take their money . 
  i mean , i would n't hold my breath for european unity , i trust more the americans . 
  they are not in nato , you know that right ? 
  we do have free elections , strong anticorruption , eu keeping us in check , nato protecting us from russia , s tourists . 
  we are in a much better position . 
  this does guy a better job https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uz6xofwi4a, 
  we do n't have pumped storage yet in romania . 
  you can also regulate production by just not producing when the wind is blowing . 
  all electricity that is produced must be consumed , 100 % . 
  all consumers must receive non-interrupted power . 
  any fluctuation can have very bad consequences , including days long blackouts at national level . 
  romania did n't have a large scale blackout since the seventies , and even that single blackout caused billions !, 
  in damages . 
  since then the production and consumption were always equalized nicely ( even during the planned regional blackouts in the 80s made for savings . 
  now , you can see why having so many wind turbines can be tricky : the wind can just stop blowing in a matter of minutes , just like that . 
  you have to cover that gap immediately to keep a good grid up and running . 
  there are several things that spring into action when this happens : * subsecond grid stabilization is achieved by the inertia of huge spinning masses of the turbines and flywheels in the thermoelectric power stations . 
  there are thousands of tons of steel spinning at 50-60 hertz to regulate the entire grid . 
  the hit on the spinners is instant ( speed of electricity ) and thus you have no flickering lights . 
  if you ever used a diesel generator for example , you know the lights flicker , cause there is n't such a nice spinning regulatory mass . 
  * hours to days cycle stabilization is achieved by controlling the amount of fuel ( coal , hydrocarbons ) that you throw into the termo plants . 
  as you can imagine , this is a slow process , with a high delay . 
  * minutes to hours regulation can be achieved by fast firing gas plants . 
  the fast firing gas plants are not your regular steam turbines from the classic thermo plants . 
  they are gas turbines very similar to the plane engines . 
  they could be coupled with a steam turbine at the exhaust to increase efficiency , but this is not necessary . 
  as you know ( if you ever flew ) , it takes tens of second for those turbines to reach maximum power from a halt , and they can not be very big , no where near the classic coal powered steam turbines . 
  * hydro plants are the silver bullet to cover anything between seconds and days worth of stabilization . 
  they can hold back the water when other means are producing properly and just open the tap when needed .
