   that crazy singer i would n't call a person going through that evening events crazy . 
  even if they say crazy things , it should be treated with compassion and understanding rather than stigmatization . 
  no point in arguing with a german . 
  they will defend their nationalistic view of the world against all logic . 
  it was the same when diesel gate struck , germans can do no harm . 
  the problem is he pushed for north stream as chancellor . 
  then as soon as he is not a chancellor anymore he gets the position . 
  do n't tell me they did n't discuss about the job while he was still chancellor ... look how much shit trump 's associates are getting for talking to russians , that is an adequate response . 
  in the meantime , germany finished ns and started ns2 . 
  say what you want but europeans are way less trustworthy than americans . 
  why ? 
  because germany does not have enough of it ? 
  carpathian mountains are split between transilvania and the rest , approximately down the middle ( they did changed the border either way during the centuries ) . 
  the mountains are indeed poorer , but most of transilvania is on hills , not mountains . 
  and yes , the regat has more open space , better land and ports ... but they also have more corruption and historically they have been under the ottomans while transilvania under the hungarians and then austrians since 1500s , with just a brief ottoman rule . 
  you know what they say about the ottomans : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwzmdvhkrue speaking of ports and votes , we have one of the large european ports with even more potential to develop https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_of_constan%c8%9ba coupled with a huge refinery and the most popular romanian sea-sort . 
  they could easily be the number 2 city in romania , a kind of romanian barcelona , but they chose to vote for many terms this clown : https://www.google.com/search?safe=off&amp;biw=1760&amp;bih=868&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;q=radu+mazare+costum+de+baie&amp;oq=radu+mazare+costum+de+baie&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3...11950.15524.0.15635.15.15.0.0.0.0.220.1551.9j5j1.15.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..0.5.562...0j0i30k1j0i13i30k1.bssj3y9qvru#imgrc=zdh_10elx-yccm: they only stopped voting for him when he was arrested for stealing 180 millions , a true socialist he is . 
  hmm , i guess regat could be used with no insinuation , but regateni is most of the times a bad word , at least in this context . 
  regat means the kingdom of romania before wwi and the union with transilvania . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_romania#/media/file%3akingdom_of_romania_ ( 1890 ) . svg it is used mainly as a derogatory term by transilvanians when they are talking about the rest of the country , which they see as more backwards , with more rude , untrustworthy and uneducated people etc. 
  it was always a small but clear distinction between the transilanians and the * regat * enians king of like us south vs north . 
  the term made a recovery with the latest votes , where the people from regat keep voting for the anachronic `` socialist '' party , which is nothing more than an organized oligarchy by the sons of communists and state police officers . 
  this is how most ellections look now http://romanialibera.ro/imagine/613x343/harta%2bvotului.%2bcum%2bs-a%2bvotat%2b%25c3%25aen%2bfiecare%2bjude%25c5%25a3%2b%25c3%25aen%2bprimul%2btur%2bal%2balegerilor%2bpreziden%25c5%25a3iale_504538.jpg, 
  well , we had that during the cold war . 
  it was the closest to what you are saying . 
  but unlike the americans who at least tried to build a long lasting relationship in the west , the russians took advantage of their upper hand and fucked everyone royally in the ass . 
  and i am not talking just about the failed communist experiment . 
  the russians treated us like some colonies worthy of exploatation and colonisation in some cases . 
  never again ( at least in the foreable decades ) will the eastern nations trust the big bad bear . 
  he was beaten by some housbands later on , at least that was said in the media . 
  the recording is from june . 
  not all nations are alike , and the chinese are very pragmatic . 
  europe is already quasy-dependent on russian gas . 
  that did n't stop them using this situation to do more harm to europeans , instead of less as you suggest . 
  increasing the dependence would only give more power to a player that showed he 's malevolent and not playing for the common good , like the chinese . 
  russia waged war against other european nations , maintained frozen conflicts , they blackmailed economically the smaller states , they threatened with gas cutoff , and anyway whoever opposes them ( romania , poland ) has the most expensive gas as a result . 
  why do you think increasing the dependency on them will make them better ? 
  they would laugh in our faces for being so gullible . 
  except russia had already started open hostilities in moldova , georgia and ukraine . 
  bad bot, 
  not only that , but the worst part is that if you feed them you will make them come again to humans and next time they might attack a person who never wanted to play with bears . 
  imo they should kill all town bears and send to trial anyone who feeds them . 
  if people would demand bus rides to other cities , you can be sure the private companies would be quick to implement those !, 
  even in europe , where public transport is so heavily subsidized , people still prefer taking the car whenever going to another city , if they have a car and the other city is not london , paris or such . 
  so i would n't say it ; s a luxury not wanting to spend literally your entire day getting to relative from london to the midlands compared to just hoping in your car and driving there in 3 hours . 
   sure everyone would like to have a car they why put obstacles in people 's path ? 
  why invent such malicious high taxes to prohibit cars and slowly transforming them in luxury vehicles reserved for the elite like at the beginning of the 20th century ? 
  it 's actually 112 if you want to stay legal ... and it 's crazy slow , also they are anal about enforcing the law . 
  in some places you can easily get in jail for a couple of days just because you had 11 miles on top of 70 on the interstate . 
  it 's nothing to do with the state of the roads , as most of them are quite good stretches of asphalt and would support going at 100mph , but about the american way to apply law . 
  when they have a law , they apply it to the letter , even if it does n't make too much sense . 
  also , they ca n't really raise the speed limit too much , it would be too dangerous in the us . 
  everybody drives there ( because they have to ) , really old people , people with disabilities , kids , people that do n't see that well , all sorts of people . 
  having cars zooming past at 100 on the left lane while most go at 70-80 would be quite dangerous with so many semi-competent drivers . 
  i gave an example , but even 2.6 l will get you 4-500 euros of tax each year , that is a romanian average salary . 
  if you have a family and want a minivan with a proper engine , that is over 3 liters , you do n't need to get into luxury zone for that . 
  a 3.6 l engine yields 1500 euros a year in tax in romania , more than 2 salaries . 
   also , 3l engines , that 's absurd why do you care what car and engine i want ? 
  if i want to have a proper engine even if i spend a little more on gas , why does that concern you ? 
  typical european stockholm syndrome behavior : we 've been told by the elite you ca n't do this you ca n't do that , now are flagellating ourselves even at the though of having something nice . 
  in the meantime , the elites that imposed this down on us ... do you think they even blink at that 2k euros tax ? 
  they get to keep their toys and have people like you judge other regulars for wanting something nice . 
   cars become a necessity then . 
  in many european countries that 's not the case : the higher population density means there will still be a bus driving through several smaller towns to connect to them a nearby city . 
  again , if you have a car , you usually drive it to another city , even in europe . 
  you think there are no bus companies in the us ? 
  they would have introduced the routes if people wanted to ride , but they do n't , as personal cars are nicer and faster . 
  in europe you have heavy subsidies for public transport , but people still prefer personal cars whenever it 's possible . 
   with all those downsides it 's okay to make those responsible ( car owners ) contribute to paying those costs . 
  they are already paying : the car , the tax , the gas , the insurance ... a lot of money flowing into the economy starting from car usage . 
  if they drive alone , that is their loss . 
  what european governments do is racketeering , they take an extra tax on top of everything . 
   but still brings many downsides and extra costs , someone has got to pay for that the level of taxation is europe fax exceeds the roads , expenses and troubles caused by cars . 
  it 's just an easy money grab from governments . 
   i 'm all for discouraging cars as long as there 's a good alternative . 
  again ... i am so appalled by how willingly we accept government interference in our lives and happiness . 
  driving is so much more expensive in europe : from registration taxes that are as much as 180 % of the car value in denmark , to absurd ownership taxes ( in romania you pay thousands of euros each year if the engine is bigger than 3l ) , to doubled gas prices , that driving is an unnafordable luxury for many people , or at least something you must plan carefully . 
  you can turn this aroumd and say it actually does n't matter that it 's so expensive , but i think it 's ridiculous . 
  if it would be as cheap to drive as it is in the us , most people would switch from public transportation to cars . 
  it 's not that americans are inherently evil doers that want to ruin the planet and europeans are superior . 
  no sir !, 
  europeans would love to be able to do the same if it was n't for the state ripping them off . 
  you know , there are buses in us as well , just that people prefer the comfort and convenience of driving their own car , except large cities ofc . 
  you know , the car is a great liberating device , it gives you more freedom and more choices . 
  and how is that a good thing for europeans ? 
  the self delusion is ridiculous . 
  what did the syrians did to you to punish them ? 
  do you think they are less human , so they deserve to be killed by this terrorist ? 
  tbh , the roads are safely drivable , not at high speeds lile in germany , but at least you have an interstate going in every direction you need with bypasses in every major point . 
  i prefer that and half the gas price rather than slightly better asphalt and prohibitive gas . 
  or double the price for gas, 
  so you just confirmed my point  for some good tasting meat of cheese you buy a lot of european stuff . 
  which is fine , just that it 's too expensive or hard to find , especially in a little town like mine . 
  back in europe i did n't have to buy artisan or hipster cheese/meat/bread to get tasty stuff , that is the difference . 
  depends where in europe as well ... not all places are the same . 
  you forget how much wine moldova is storing ... when the vodka runs out , they better watch their backs, 
  i do n't want to fuel the anti-us circlejerk , but i moved from europe to the us a few months ago , here are my observations : - cheese is much worse that in europe . 
  also , you miss the specialty cheeses of europe . 
  - eggs and milk are cheap and good - butter is worse - meat is cheap - chickens are huge , i guess because of antibiotics ? 
  also pork bits are huge , makes you think you are eating something unnatural - you miss the specialty meats of europe : pastrama , prosciutto etc.
