  gas from russia, 
  now it sounds right again , when you say it . 
  cheers, 
  i knew i am almost correct , 
  uk is not ~ ~ by far ~ ~ 900 000 km2 ~ ~ * by far * ~ ~ , it 's only 243,000, 
  if we are living under the same roof , then i would expect at least * some * support from the older brothers to protect from the big bad bully next door . 
  after all , the big ones profited most from the eu . 
  germoney will never agree to this , they like euro only when it 's about them exporting more , but not when it 's protecting the east against russia, 
  aah , behind the scene , ok, 
  where should i look ? 
  us leaves local government and states to default too , they do n't have a credibility issue . 
  you just ca n't keep paying for greeks to have higher pensions than spain or portugal with spain 's money, 
  or bulgaria , romania , thailand , tenerife , does n't matter really . 
  i would not risk spending my free 2 weeks stuck in a god forgotten village because the gas-stations are empty because of a nation wide truckers strike . 
  then give creta and corfu to cyprus ? 
  by ` become the new greece of the union ' you mean they will * have * to increase pensions to the level of germany , introduce the 13 and 14 month , exempt lots people from taxes , build an army to compete with spain , let this recipe cooking for 20 years , them blame the evil troica that wants to kill portugal ? 
  is that it ? 
  would you risk your vacation like that ? 
  instead you can go in turkey, 
  there is never political will for that kind of stuff  that is why eu can coerce moldova to do it by coupling it together with lots of money for other programs . 
  export dna to them would be one solution ( no joke ), 
  your solution worked out well last time . 
  actually most products are more expensive in ro than in germany , except real estate , rents , food and services . 
  cars , fuel , electronics , clothes , chemicals etc. 
  are more expensive here . 
  so it 's not easy for the below 500 $ people , you know . 
  i am not saying greeks must be as poor as romanians , but they will probably be better of with a minimum income of 300 as pensioners and 500 as workers for 10 years rather than go the defaulting path . 
  defaulting will make 300 $ pensions look like a dream , also 500 $ salaries . 
  i do n't know , i guess greece spent too much for too many years before the crisis . 
  all those 13th and 14th salaries and pensions , big ones as well + military + the olimpics + corruption . 
  i guess we were just lucky that the crisis came just 4 years into mad spending from our government and was a good wake up call . 
  back in 2004-2008 everybody was in awe of the great pm that managed to increase the spending 3 fold , create a housing buble and allow everyone to live one floor above their real value . 
  now the guy is persona non grata here  ps : anyway , i have a feeling that it would be best to try to stick to eurozone , even if that means pensions reduced to 300 $ ; bugetary cuts and no more spending until the balance is on the plus . 
  aftet that you can grow again in a predictible environment : the eurozone is better than a default + 10 years of inflation + who knows what . 
  that being said i hope romania never goes full eurozone ; our central bank guy keeps pushing the date every 2-3 years . 
  the instititions can work : we had a tough adjustment of the books in romania in 2010 . 
  because it was made early on ( some say it was 2 years late anyway ) we now have a growing economy , employment is again very good and the structure of economy is healthier . 
  the cuts were massive and overnight : 25 % cut in salaries for all state employees , all bonuses cut ( this meant ~ 40 % reduction actually ) and vat raised 19-24 . 
  the party that did this does n't exist anymore - but they all say `` at least we did what we had to do 5 years ago , and not end up like greece now '', 
  nope , no issue on the danube . 
  i know , but because now each prosecutor has the liberty to investigate anyone without telling his boss ; there is enough to have a ` mad man ' in a unit to prosecute his coleagues . 
  after all , it 's easy to see when a coleague is corrupt . 
  this happened already , prosecutors leaked information that helped politicians and got caugth . 
  they even arrested the national chief of the organized crime division diicot - the guys that handle drug networks and mafia in general - it was all over the news in europe . 
  so yeah , the current system cleanses itself , the big danger is the parliament ; the corrupt fucks try every day to cut the power of prosecutors . 
  no it wo n't be abused , and the reason is that prosecutors do n't really have bosses anymore . 
  this is what started to move things back in 2006-2007 . 
  so you are telling me estonia is burning prime wood in power plants ? 
  yes we are debating the age of the language . 
  it was mentioned that albanian is paleo-balkanic , meaning old balkanic . 
  all other languanges are newe . 
  romanian almost but completelly replaced dacian with latin after 100 ce . 
  and slavic ones replaced the others after a few centuries . 
  so this leaves albanian as the only original indo-european language still existing in the area . 
  my understanding is that greek changed too much to be considered the same . 
  albanian is just as old as latin , old greek and basque languages . 
  romanian is based on latin with ~ 100 albanian-like words ( from dacians , which spoke something similar with albanians i guess ) . 
  after the slavs came , romanian got mixed with a lot of words from them , then from turkish , greek , french , german , english . 
  was n't the report only for electricity ? 
  biomass is ok , if it comes from waste ( which i guess it does ) - it 's better than to leave it decompose into methane and go out in to thin air . 
  so hungarians are whiter than romanians ? 
  forget it toreon , westerners will never understand our dislike/fear of russia . 
  they seem to get it for 5 minutes after russia invades or messes up a country , but then immediately it 's business as usual . 
  even if georgia should have been the wake-up call it was n't - south stream and north stream were still backed by eu countries . 
  now it 's uckraine , but this does n't matter for them as well . 
  next is transnistria ? 
  who knows where the russian tourists will take a detour . 
  edit : forgot to add a fun fact . 
  transnistria got some relax trading scheme with eu , and now only 5 % of it 's exports are to russia , imagine that !, 
  actually no  it 's the exact same thing . 
  they even used to call it propaganda when doing an ad . 
  after goebbels and stalin , the ` good ' propaganda was renamed pr as in public relations . 
  take a bottle of blood from romania ( buhuu vampires ), 
  merkel should make a separate defensive pact with putin . 
  that turned out well last time . 
  it says nigeria and highlight niger ( facepalm ) - at 0.48, 
  i did n't knew about sulina , lazy me , 
  we do n't need no cyclist union , spqr, 
  i do n't know about romania being invaded by britain, 
  why so butt-hurt ? 
   i was merely trying to explain why romanians do n't usually know about this part of their history . 
  by `` you '' i mean bulgarians in general , all countries prefer to insist on the part of history where they `` shined '' . 
  we learned about it in school , but i guess we did n't insist much on it because it was in the dark ages , and it only involved 30 % of current romania . 
  you probably insist on it much more because bulgaria stronk :d, 
  fukin hell , we do have a flag !, 
  guys !, 
  i found the russian paid troll, 
  maybe the fighting with russia today is a conspiracy , but not the history of aggressiveness from the russian empire . 
  the list of bad shit russia did to romania is not even half written in that article . 
  exactly , now germany pays the smallest price while eastern countries pay most, 
  romanians = / = roma , gipsies , rromani, 
  heh , i guess you are right, 
  his name has nothing to do with nazis , check his post history, 
  yes and no , if you keep giving them 500m a year ; first for `` free '' . 
  in the second year you start demanding political action for those money ( e.g. 
  reforms ) , all the politicians , no matter how corrupt they are , will do those said reforms because of money $ $ . 
  exactly this happened in romania , where n\u0103stase ( prime minister ) 13 years ago was forced to create pna to fight big corruption . 
  initially it was just a showcase , with no real teeth to bite into the politicians . 
  10 years later , the new pna ( dna ) got n\u0103stase convicted . 
  sorry for grammar , stupid keyboard :d,
