  `` right '' side of the war ? 
  they invaded poland in 39 then finland , romania , estonia , latvia , lithuania . 
  and then they deported hundreds of thousands in siberia . 
  they were on the side of germans initially . 
  just because them and the germans fought among themselves does n't put them on the right side of history . 
  the grammar in romanian is archaic compared to all other romance , we still use the classical written latin rules , while the others use the vulgar newer latin . 
  so that is easy for us , words are also easy . 
  pronunciation must be easy because we watch so much western media , and it 's all germanic influenced , even the french or italian , compared to romanian whose pronunciation is slavic influenced . 
  maybe that is why we understand them but they do n't understand us . 
  fun fact , in daily life we also share 50 % ( ? ), 
  of vocabulary with the english people , because so many of their eords are french they do n't even realise it . 
  so ... gezi park demonstrations were villified , confronted israel with that humanitarian vessel , a ` coup ' , a civil war , a russian plane shut down , shakedowns with eu , showoffs with greek islands . 
  he is running out of external enemies to gather support for his dictatorial means . 
  the turks will wake up at some point from this bad dream and realise how silly they were to vote for this megalomaniac . 
   the carbon emissions of 1kwh of solar energy is 3x higher than that of nuclear energy . 
  and it 's still 20 times lower than coal . 
  it 's in the same order of magnitude as nuclear . 
  i think we should pursue all forms of energy until we get it right and have cheap energy for all humanity . 
  it 's not that heavily influenced by slavic languages . 
  the grammar is still purely classical latin , slavic only got words in vocabulary , about 15 % . 
  it 's not just italian , we can pick up any other romance language easily , easier than they can learn romanian . 
  housewives learn spanish by just watching soap operas . 
  pitty we saved your government , army and treasury in 39 despite being under immense pressure from nazis . 
  if you had a government in exile and a treasury after the war it was because of romania . 
  we even gave ships to protect your goods . 
  but yeah , we are just gypsies now . 
  there is no way there are 8 % in romania . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  it 's not just the economy , i am talking about the difference between smiling people do n't giving a fuck about life and the `` thousands yards stare '' you see when you get in hungary or romania . 
  how about we fix our countries and our people first , then have petty attitudes against neighbors , you know what i mean ? 
  we are brothers in suffering over the history , but we chose to not fight the common foe , we fight among ourselves instead . 
  hehe , look up bulgarian 1st of march traditions . 
  look up bulgarian new years ' even monsters . 
  look up serbian dances . 
  look up serbian cuisine . 
  look up where bors comes from ( or is related to ) . 
  look up russian suba, 
  oh , i 've met so many frustrated hungarians in romania ... one guy literally spent the 15 minutes we were having coffee saying how `` everything is so much more organized in hungary '' , `` you can make so much more money in hungary '' , `` this pressurized cream for coffee , hungary had it 10 years ago '' ( no joking ) . 
  i think many hungarians in transilvania think they are special compared to the surrounding population , and they look up to hungary like it 's mecca . 
  the only think is , if you go for any longer time in e.g. 
  switzerland or netherlands and you come back and see the people , how different they are compared to the swiss for example , there is so little difference between us really . 
  i could land in cluj or budapest and there is really no difference , when you come from a western country . 
  but nobody believes gypsies are from rome , or that gypsies are ancient romans ... 
  i know good people getting a refusal at the us embassy for a tourist visa . 
  i mean , if you do n't own a property ( like most young people now ) , even if you have a good profession and big salary , you are too risky to visit usa . 
  the percentage limit can be objective , but how you decide what to do with each person is definitely not . 
  my feeling is that us are intentionally rejecting more romanians just to fill a quota . 
  for now, 
  trump is a strong man , unlike eu bureaucrats . 
  adding an / s, 
  that was just the border skirmish that could have started something big http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/china/7720461/ussr-planned-nuclear-attack-on-china-in-1969.html, 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  you are better of automating rather than just closing down factories . 
  the americans nuclear weapons stopped them , usa did n't allow the russians to go through . 
  it did n't escalate though . 
  that ` war ' you linked had < 10k casualties , compare that to  1mil in iraq-iran . 
  without nuclear weapons it could have escalated at aome point and get really nasty . 
  the same nuclear weapons that stopped russia 's aggression in china in the 60s https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sino-soviet_border_conflict, 
  thank god for nuclear weapons in india and pakistan . 
  without them we would have seen already an iraq-iran style war : 10 years and many millions deaths . 
  being larger countries , even more deaths . 
  so , that is number 1 , 
  well , when you check and the new rules say `` you should have done that in the last 5 years '' , there is no going back is n't it ? 
   let 's not pretend that the rest of the eu was just begging for british leadership . 
  that sort of flattery always fell flat during the referendum campaign . 
  it was not flattery , other countries ( especially germany ) were not necessarily happy to lose the pole position . 
  but uk was in the big 3 together with germany and france making the big decisions . 
  as a result of this and it 's conservatory attitude , uk had the biggest influence on eu out of all countries . 
  as for the future : * london was the biggest city in eu as gdp and highly skilled professionals * uk 's economy was the only large one to be massively service oriented * uk 's overall gdp was poised to overtake germany https://data.oecd.org/gdp/gdp-long-term-forecast.htm i am not talking about midlands , i know london has created huge inequalities in income . 
  but raising the rest of the country is mainly the responsibility of westminster , not brussels . 
  even though eu does try to invest in poor regions throughout . 
  as for the extra billion , it is in the treaties , everybody is paying in . 
  anyway , uk has a special status with large rebates and a lot of money coming back to wales , cornwall etc. 
  uk in general has the lowest net contribution per capita out of all western europe , if you exclude pigs countries and eastern europe . 
  https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/shrinknp_800_800/aaeaaqaaaaaaaad8aaaajgy0odq5yziylwmzmgqtngyync04otnjlwrizmflzwu1ndfmma.png https://inews.co.uk/explainers/charts/much-uk-pays-eu-much-get-back/ you were paying 110 euros a year , per capita . 
  that is 2 euros a week - the price of a newspaper . 
  as a comparison , the severely underfunded nhs budget is around 100 , with 8 bln a year increase until 2020 . 
  but again , this is government 's responsibility on what to do with it . 
  maybe if uk did n't oppose eu clamping down on tax havens , you would 've have enough money for nhs . 
  you could say `` but why do we pay for the poles and romanians ? 
  why give them free money ? '' . 
  well , it 's not actually free money , we also pay into eu , just not in cash . 
  we lifted all protectionism and allowed eu companies to buy everything for pennies : factories , banks , oil reserves , land , forests . 
  the main reason eu economy is growing is ee expansion , nobody thinks western politicians are giving money to east europe out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  most of our economy is now owned by eu companies , 75 % of big exporters are foreign companies . 
  anyway we work for a western company if we stay at home or emigrate to western europe . 
   our real bargaining strength lays mainly with the protection our military provides to the continent might be , but then again uk opposed an european army . 
  in nato , uk will always be 2nd by a large margin . 
  and even in an european context , france has the only army that can standalone anyway , not uk . 
  tbh i can not comprehend why the british complained so much about the eu . 
  you have a service oriented economy , which you obtained through great sacrifices during thatcher . 
  now you were positioned perfectly to take advantage of the largest market in the world . 
  no other european country has that at the moment , you were one step ahead of the game . 
  uk was poised to be the main eu country , now you voted to slide into anonymity . 
  there are n't many options left , or at least i do n't see them . 
  and you ca n't blame the `` stupid voters '' , they voted what they were told for 15-20 years . 
  each day i would see politicians trashing eu , absolutely all the papers were at least very critical of the eu , what do you expect ? 
  i still remember how in 2015 cameron came from a eu meeting giving great speeches how the uk wo n't pay the extra billion to the eu ( owned because of increasing economy ) . 
  italians are famous for really good engineering or really bad engineering . 
  i for one would n't take my chances .
