  this was just slapped on romania ad-hoc . 
  while it 's true we have corruption , does this mean that any eu country can arbitrarily use it to veto us from whatever structure they want ? 
  that is exactly what i fear : an inner circle will basically be able to blackmail the outer ones whenever they want to get in an additional structure . 
  italy and greece are both more corrupt than romania , but both are in schengen and euro . 
  we 've met the technical criteria to join schengen for many years now , but we are blocked by other reasons , arbitrarely imposed later on . 
  if this ia how 2 speed eu will work it 's going to be the end of it . 
  you mean the telemea they stole from us ? 
  this article is not about romania 's shortcomings in renewables , it 's about bashing the entire eastern europe for lagging behind . 
   led by germany and its `` energiewende '' transition to low carbon , environmentally friendly generation , western , northern and southern europe have jumped on the renewables bandwagon , but the newer eu member states in central and eastern europe ( cee ) have been slow to follow and  poland sets the bar low  germany 's eastern neighbour is perhaps the most tragic case of lagging behind in renewable energy generation . 
  poland is ** tragic ** , but they have more renewables than richer ireland , uk , belgium and netherlands . 
  and romania is mentioned here as well in the negative , lagging and tragic side of the fence , but we are better than most countries , we are in the upper half . 
  just look at that graph , the storyline here is that east is slow , lazy and polluting while the data shows something else . 
  edit : i am not saying romania has no issues whatsoever , but it 's a bit unfair to put on the bad side of the fence while netherlands is currently building new coal plants . 
  chaos or no chaos , we do have shitloads of hydro , nuclear , wind and photovoltaics covering and exceeding our targets . 
  germany even has a lower target of only 18 % , and they are a much richer country . 
  you think they do n't have issues with the wind power ? 
  they even export their problems to other countries : poland and chechia struggle with the german grid connection because it 's causing so much irregularity . 
  uk has an even lower target at 15 % , again a much richer country than romania . 
  some say they will even miss that target , but anyway they have huge problems as well : building a nuclear plant set to be the most expensive in the world , massive and sudden subbsidy cuts to the point tens of thousands of jobs are at risk , grid is not so stable atm , they depend on the french inter-connection , without it they would have blackouts . 
  compared to that , romania has exceeded its 20/20/20 target ( not a reduced one ) . 
  it provides power and grid regulating capabilities to neighbours because of hydro plants and even though we exceeded 2020 target we have surplus to be a net electricity exporter . 
  we have issues because of initially insane high wind subsidies , but these issues are small compared to western europe . 
  why do n't you check for yourself how rich and techy nederlands is doing ? 
  ( hint : worse than de or uk ) . 
  so this bashing of romania at any cost must stop . 
  green power is one of the strong points we have . 
  why not ? 
  why is the author automatically dismissing the big dam on danube as `` soviet-era iron gates i and ii hydropower plants '' ? 
  other countries also have large hydro , so what ? 
  and romania paid a lot of money for those dams , with the price of great shortcomings for the population in the 80s , why dismiss it ? 
  we are on top of renewable energy , better than most other european countries , let 's not automatically downplay everything romania has . 
  some stop after 4 letters, 
   m109s lol what ? 
  they replaced maybe the best self propelled howitzer with this shit ? 
  maybe they could have upgraded them or something , i am not a military expert , but this seems like a major downgrade . 
  that 's the joke ? 
   is n't over the use of shipping containers did you even watch the video ? 
  it literally begins with `` would you live here ? '', 
  then goes on to show people behind bars and lament music . 
  very little information about the issue , much more for the sentiment of the viewer . 
  about the truck drivers , nobody says there are n't issues to resolve in the eu . 
  there is a debate indeed , together with the debate on second quality foods sold in eastern europe by western companies , at the same price as in the west . 
  there are many issues still to be resolved in the eu , but making propaganda videos like these is not helping anyone . 
  actually it does help create a society of sheep that is easy to control by the media , if they are being bombarded with the same targeted information years on end . 
  we could all see that with brexit , so much bullshit spewed over the years about how bad the eu is that people did n't even knew what it means in the end . 
   currently destroying the business model . 
  a race to the bottom is n't cool . 
  if you would look around in europe how many business models were destroyed by the integration in eu and how many sectors do have a `` race to the bottom '' , you would n't feel that british truck drivers have so bad in the end . 
  but overall it all contributed to better business models and a more developed europe both in the west and east , better consumer prices and better protection and quality for everyone . 
  the thing is this is a more rapidly changing world that the average brit is used to . 
  ffs , you still have separate cold-hot water taps on your sinks , british people sure do n't like `` rapid '' change , a conservatory nation in it 's core . 
  what 's with the bbc ? 
  are they preparing the public for a brexit announcement ? 
  yesterday with the `` inhumane '' treatment of truck drivers from eastern europe , today hungary . 
  mark my words , they will have another one by monday , who 's going to be ? 
  estonia maybe ? 
  beats me , probably upset with the job and starts talking to bbc , then they ask him about salary and he doesnt/cannot refuse to speak so he must say the official number ? 
  seems like a very stupid thing to do , hence `` i feel like a bird in a cage '' . 
  ffs , go pick up strawberries then in the open field . 
  this guy might have a clue : https://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2017/03/15/the-bit-missing-from-the-bbcs-ikea-truck-driver-story/#3119bcacaf58 while the salary is small , they max out the `` perdiem '' as this is tax free . 
  but this is how truck drivers live : in their cabs , we do n't have to call them `` desperate '' like the sun does or `` inhumane conditions '' . 
  at the end of the day , an eastern european truck driver makes 25000 euros a year after taxes , this is not much by western standards , but it 's not bad either . 
  plus , they can get the best deals on anything in europe , then carry it back home . 
  dude , did you read my link there ? 
  there is no romanian driver ( the guy in the interview is romanian ) working for less than 1500 a month . 
  a beginner position is advertised from 1600 , after taxes . 
  even if you work 60 hours a week , that is around 6 an hour , after taxes . 
  nobody will drive a truck for the minimum wage in eastern europe . 
  the dumb fuck probably takes the minimum legally and the rest off book . 
  when bbc asks him how much he makes , he can not say the true amount . 
  like i said , you must be really stupid to do this and then complain you live in a cage ? 
  trucking is not for everyone , but let 's not make up bullshit stories about this . 
  not this bs jurnalism again . 
  there is no way in hell truck drivers make only 3 pounds per hour , maybe if they have a disability like being retarded or blind perhaps , or maybe if they count sleeping time as well . 
  initially , probably because they believed it would be a french like `` egalite , fraternite '' thingy . 
  but soon it was opposed , hence the armed conflicts . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_transylvania#habsburg_rule but i did n't knew that initially the emperor himself agreed to this , probably to buy him time until his king buddies would intervene . 
   transylvania was merged in 1848 with hungary . 
  did you look at the dates ? 
  hungarians started this in june , the rest is both sides . 
   pretty sure there were romanians too miight be , but the bulk of romanians and germans opposed the unification of transilvania with hungary https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/avram_iancu#initial_stages_of_1848_revolutions, 
  traitors to who ? 
  magyars did try to get transilvania ( romanian majority ) into hungary , of course romanians and germans would prefer the vienna rulers . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1848#transylvania then magyars started killing romanian civilians , not cool at all https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1848%e2%80%9349_massacres_in_transylvania, 
   he says the salary he takes home is a monthly average of 477 euros ( # 420 ) . 
  i do n't believe this . 
  i have drivers in my extended family , depending on region it 's 2000 euros for an experienced driver , especially for external operators . 
  here 's an ad for beginner drivers , minimum 1600 euros ( in romania you only talk take-home salary ) https://www.olx.ro/oferta/angajam-sofer-tir-incepator-in-comunitate-u-e-500euro-prima-id5o2nk.html#9df745c13f this one is for one year experience , 1900 euros https://www.olx.ro/oferta/angajari-soferi-tir-pe-comunitate-salariu-1900-euro-luna-id3pjbe.html#9df745c13f another one for 2000 https://www.olx.ro/oferta/sofer-tir-milano-italia-id88raz.html#9df745c13f they must have searched long and hard for emilian who only makes 477 euros . 
  you can easily make that in a romanian city driving small vans , not trucks . 
  i do n't think romanians celebrate it . 
  even though as a kid i liked going out to see the hungarian girls dressed in national dress on the day . 
  the romanian flag is maybe just a nice gesture i guess ? 
  it 's also illegal to show any flag in romania without sporting the romanian flag as well , but i do n't think that 's the reason they do it . 
  but hydro dams allowed many wind turbines . 
  what the other guy said . 
  plus , vocabulary comes and goes with time , we used to borrow words from many sources , in order : slavic , turkish , greek , french + italian , german , english . 
  but all the while the grammar was the same , a purely latin one . 
  the thing about farmers is that one bad season can ruin them financially . 
  i might be the same with big shocks on the market . 
  uk would better replace all subsidies one for one until it has the time to figure out the transition to what it needs for the future .
