  i do n't think most romanians want snap elections now anyway . 
  euroscpetic in public is a death sentence for any party in romania . 
  we want to be european , we have this complex for hundreds of years . 
  maybe you need a [ dictionary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moldovan%e2%80%93romanian_dictionary ), 
  you silly , that is moldova 's anthem ( fun fact : between 1990 and 1995 moldova shared our anthem and had the same with the one in this post , before they switched to dragostea din tei ), 
  his sketches are in romanian . 
  i did n't even realize he is from the hungarian minority . 
  did n't knew he is hungarian , til, 
  we 've shown they can not treat us like shit , they have to listen to us . 
  tomorrow i still hope for a 1 mil strong march , to keep the pressure on until it 's actually done . 
  ans from the embassies, 
  wake up , romanian , from the sleep of death into which you have been sunk by the barbaric tyrants now , or never , make a new fate for yourself ,, 
  the jandarms also gave flowers to lady protesters last night, 
   fit very well with the globalist agenda of some people those kind of people take advantage of all crises , regardless of how the trouble started . 
  think of 2008 financial meltdown : the billionaires worldwide became richer . 
  i think this is an easier explanation than a worldwide cartel made of supervillain billionaires . 
  such a cartel would become critically endangered when one member turns against them , and i do n't see very rich people getting assassinated in the streets ( presumably by the former colleagues from the cartel ) . 
  but you can see on the other hand very rich people donating insane amounts of money trying to change the world , e.g. 
  bill gates . 
  the jandarmerie usually means business , unfortunately , especially in bucharest . 
  this is what they were hired for . 
  the are not police , they are the strong arm of the interior minister . 
  they all look like brutes and usually are good with full contact martial arts . 
  romania 2012 http://www.exclusivnews.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/jandarm-inima.jpg, 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  have you seen how organized footbal supporters can be ? 
  it 's not impossible, 
  this , even their voters are upset , maybe not in the streets yet , but not very happy . 
  in 2014 it was not possible at all , because the old people 's party psd was in power for so long and they did n't want to facilitate these votes . 
  90 % of emigrants vote against psd , so they even proposed forbidding emigrants to vote !, 
  last year it was possible to send some votes by mail , but for some reason it was n't used by many people , maybe because it was issued late ? 
  i voted last year in person at the consulate . 
  yes , but just because the turnout is so low at 48 % . 
  many people left romania ( around 3 millions ) and it 's almost impossible for them to vote . 
  many live in another city inside romania and it 's hard for them to vote as well . 
  so party members and pensioners have a high turnout , deciding the country 's future . 
  yeah , that 's what happened already , eu forced us to have a good anti-corruption directorate , which is responsible for hundreds of politicians being convicted . 
  eu also has mcv on justice to keep things in check . 
  but now the government used a recommendation from echr to improve prison conditions , they said they need to free up the prisons because the eu requested it . 
  i am not sure how this will fly in bruxelles , because they are not as stupid as the romanian voters . 
   i still would have been a bit ashamed typical german talk , not shaming yourself or your family . 
  i know this from my family , being quarter german myself . 
  why does uk have 2 capitals ? 
  is it the city and greater london or ? 
   our klaus his family is in romania for 700 years , just saying . 
  i generally do n't like violence , but as someone here said `` to shove the manure , you need pitchforks '' . 
  i like that saying , 
  wait till you see one eating in a restaurant . 
  i swear i could n't help but stare , zoidberg is cool compared to that . 
  romag, 
  tbh coming from romania i was amazed how brits would n't do this properly . 
  if you fail to wash your hands in romania you will be the gossip subject for the whole company the next weeks . 
   the uk is in continental europe too , so is most of russia . 
  what are you smoking dude ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continental_europe#/media/file:mainland_europe_ ( orthographic_projection ) . svg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia#geography, 
  he did died in a private hospital though , and he was aged 68 . 
  germany was not unified until 1990 . 
  korea is not unified . 
  us did n't have states that did n't join in the union in 1776 . 
  all 13 colonies got together , so you are correct , there was no us unification after that , only conquest . 
  that 's why it 's so special to us, 
   this event formed romania that 's exactly what i said , romania was formed on this day . 
  but this is not the `` unification '' of romania , as this was not a single event , it started in 1859 and ended in 1918 . 
  to be more exact , this is when romania got into existence by uniting 2 of the romanian states : \u021aara rom\u00e2neasc\u0103 ( wallachia ) and moldova . 
  unification process ended with transilvania in 1st dec 1918 . 
  it happened while both countries were under turkish rule : for the first time in centuries the great powers allowed romanians to chose their leader . 
  and so it * happens * that they chose the exact same person . 
  it took several years for other countries to recognize this unification . 
  this guy manages to bring the unification into people minds more effectivelly than anybody else before him . 
  and he does n't really give strong arguments against it ( cause there are n't ) . 
  i suspect he might be secretly rooting for the other team . 
  it 's 2017 soo ... let 's hope it 's a `` good year '' `` bad year '' kind of thing, 
  you 're joking , but when it 's impossible to even smoke in or around your house you might see a resurgence , not a reduction of smoking :  starting this year , housing associations can now apply for a municipal permit for a smoking ban on balconies and yards belonging to the housing complex, 
  i think even they failed . 
  it 's better imo to let a bad habit sizzle out and make it unappealing rather than making it illegal in most places . 
  this current approach will bring back the * badness * and coolnes of smoking , cause you are doing something illegal . 
  nazis tried to eradicate smoking as well . 
  buch ** arrest ** because they protest in favour of prosecutors and judges arresting politicians . 
  we were communist and in the warsaw pact , with communism being imposed with russian tanks . 
  but we were never part of the soviet union , we were not a soviet country . 
  we have very peacefull protests . 
  the point is that if you strat trouble the riot-police will beat the shit out of you , and the propaganda will spin it and you will lose the message . 
  so everyone is very careful to stop provocators and to not even litter the streets . 
  romania was never soviet though . 
  moldova , ukraine and belarus were ( in this part of the world ), 
  how would trump or any other sane leader of us allow that ? 
  what would you say then when eastern europe puts caps on how many foreign companies can come in their borders : no aviva , we have our own insurers , no gsk , we have enough drug factories , no vodafone , no rbs , hsbc . 
  our immigrants take your jobs , your companies take over ours producing more jobs in the uk . 
  eastern europe is the source for a lkt of the growth we see now in eu ( i guess that was the reason for expansion anyway ) . 
  i do n't get it why people do n't realize immigration is not free for eastern european countries . 
  we 've opened up our economies so you can buy them with cheap money , and now we work for western companie both home or if we emigrate . 
  70 % of romania 's big exporters are foreign , mostly eu . 
  you just ca n't do that to russia or china for example , but it 's the same in most countries . 
  in russia you end up with oligarchs taking over , in china you can not even havea big business without partnering with a chinese company . 
  we 've given you old factories for nothing , we allowed you to setup shop , buy lands , have all the rights you need as a company ; now you are saying we can work for your companies , but only in romania , we should have a quota to come and increase your economy . 
  btw , can yo buy indian land without being a citizen ? 
  i know you ca n't , they wo n't allow it . 
  but does lithuania border russia ... uhh ... 
  i forgot about konigsberg, 
  it 's going to be fine , englishmen can handle a cloud of smug .
