  if they would do that , all countries will get out one by one . 
  uk will not have the upper hand in exit negotiations and would be lucky to get the same deals as switzerland and norway . 
  eli5 : so you are leaving free trade with the most prosperous union in the world ( 18000 billion ) and then try to seduce china ( 10000 billion ) to what ? 
  the rich already send their money to london . 
  free trade you do n't want to do with china , because they do n't meet health and safety we have in europe ( and if they did , it 's more expensive than eu ) . 
  they are culturally different and lack democracy . 
  how is this better than working with the union 30 km from your shores ? 
  how exactly is eu hindering uk to get better deals with china ? 
  apart from free trade , which is not really in your favor because you do n't have anything to export to china which you do n't do already , what do you hope to get from china ? 
  you can be sure that when chinese will have the same amount of money as eu , they will stop growing as well . 
   london would still be a global hub of business . 
  sure , but it matters a lot how big it is , and this affects uk more than romania . 
  romania will still have it 's big business run from west europe with massive profits flowing out , will still receive accession funds , and will still have the bulk trading somewhere outside ( be it new york , frankfurt or whatever ) . 
  uk on the other hand will have reduced business , with more non-eu immigrants , luckily you will get rid of pesky willing to integrate east europeans !, 
  staying in would be beneficial for romania not because of the funds , but because uk can balance germany , nobody wins if germany gets out of hand with it 's dominance ( 1939 anyone ? ), 
   we 're paying # 20 billion a year into it . 
  uk companies alone had profits of 3.7 billions in romania after the accession 2007-2013 . 
  foreign companies ( eu is 80 % ) got net profit out of romania more than 18 billions until 2013 , and this only gets higher as the years go by . 
  romania got from eu 18 billions until july 2015 . 
  you see , this is not so one-sided , you can not just ignore that uk companies are increasing their business based on the east expansion . 
  i am sorry , but this seems to be supported only by british pride : `` the city accounts for 37 per cent of wholesale business done in the eu '' . 
  this would not be possible to such an extend if the city was not in the eu , people would go to frankfurt or luxembourg . 
  if you let the money talk , you 'll see that the banks want to stay in eu , not leave , and for good reason : http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4eb04166-84f4-11e3-a793-00144feab7de.html http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-10-29/in-case-of-brexit-luxembourg-is-open-for-business  the eu has helped the poorer european countries a lot more than the uk . 
  on short term yes , because of the catch-up we still have to make , but in the same time , it helped rich and uk companies tremendously . 
  they were suddenly allowed free trade and expansion in virgin lands for business , they could buy former communist factories for 1 dollar , buy land with no restrictions and in general make massive money in the east . 
  they had little local competition , the competition was anyway communist style and with limited funds . 
  i keep saying this , but 75 % of romania 's big business is from eu , a lot of these profits flow to the headquarters . 
  so while we profited from eu , so did uk . 
  apart from the big pluses of eu : corruption crackdown , regulations and modern laws , we theoretically could have been just as well economically , just look at turkey . 
   the uk is already in a deep deficit , thanks to paying out billions in aid and to the eu the eu also helped the uk economy , do you really believe the city would have been now number 1 in the world without the eu ? 
  uk should increase then nhs funding , it should have the money because eu immigrants are usually employed and are net contributors . 
  26 % of doctors are immigrants , so i only see a problem in how the government makes the policies , not the immigrants themselves . 
  the government has to increase nhs structure to cope with the new people of course . 
  but , the eu immigrants also provide the solution , not only the problem : they are net contributors and there are many doctors among them . 
   where the fuck you got that from i have no idea . 
  what the hell are you reading ? 
  well , cameron tried to convince romania , bulgaria , poland etc. 
  to give up on immigrants rights . 
  given everything that i said above , this is even counterproductive , eu immigrants are not the biggest problem , maybe even a solution . 
  cameron still goes after us because it 's easy to convince the voter he does something about it , but the problem is in the outside of eu immigrants , but this is too politically incorrect to address . 
  god forbid , he might be called racist or islamophobic if he spells out the truth . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/european-immigrants-contribute-5bn-to-uk-economy-but-non-eu-migrants-cost-118bn-9840170.html http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21631076-rather-lot-according-new-piece-research-what-have-immigrants-ever-done-us, 
  putin goes that path ? 
  he forgets urss is supposed to host the footbal tournament in 2018 . 
  so you 're saying it 's just as bad to have eu migration compared to refugee influx ? 
  many westerners think that ee was allowed into eu from the goodness of politicians hearts . 
  people often oversee that : * west owns most factories in the east , e.g. 
  75 % of big business in romania is from outside * massive agricultural land grabs in east only possible because we are all eu now * cheap qualified workforce maintained the eu economy on the rise the alternative is a closed society . 
  have a look at japan , stagnating for 20 years , now they broke another record : more diapers sold for old people than for babies . 
  ee profited from eu , but so did all the west , this is not free for anyone , it is a win-win . 
  btw , what is your opinion on benelux intermediating so many hundreds of billions of tax evasion each year inside eu ? 
  who do you think pays for that ? 
  one of our biggest oil companies ( rompetrol ) is registered now in holland to `` optimize '' taxes . 
  without eu all those money would have been fully taxated in romania ( and immediately stolen by politicians , but that is another story ) . 
  there are always 2 faces for the same story , so do n't be so convinced west is giving `` free '' money to east !, 
   that ca n't be an accurate translation we have several `` state secretaries '' ( literal translation ) for each minister . 
  they are political subordinates of the minister and handle specific areas , in this case it 's the `` state secretary '' that handles cults and religions for the minister of culture . 
  it has nothing to do with the english term of state secretary . 
  in romania parties get a fixed rate to help them with the rent of offices etc. 
  it 's not much , in the millions per year . 
  i think it 's ok , more transparent than shady donations from businessmen . 
   reduce financial aid for churches by zero `` to zero ''  after this year `` until now '' or `` up to this year '', 
  this , why ca n't we all just have a laugh and a beer while we are at it ? 
  russians have a long history of creating small regional frozen conflicts so they can later use them as leverage against all the countries involved . 
  that is why ee map looks like that : they wanted to get all the borders mixed up so we will have ethnics on both sides of borders . 
  all of this was pre-planned , they created a moldavian republic from thin air after wwi , region right next to romania ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2b/romania%2bmassr_1924-40.jpg ) . 
  they later used this to mix all thing up and say this is part of the old moldavian kingdom and they are freeing them from romanian fascists ( moldavians are romanians just like texans are americans ) . 
  then in wwii they took some land from romania and created the moldavian soviet republic which included parts of that `` moldova '' and half of the traditional moldova as well . 
  parts of that wwi moldavian republic is now transistria . 
  they did n't stop there , they shifted population massively : romanians/moldavian were moved to transnistria , russians and ucraininans moved to proper moldova . 
  so you see how they intentionally created a complicated situation , so that in case moldova breaks out again from ussr ( which happened ) , it will not be a clear cut situation like with west and east germany . 
  they also planted some of these seeds in other regions as well : they took land from romania , slovakia , poland and gave it to ukraine , so ussr had a corridor inside ukraine to go with the tanks all the way up to slovakia . 
  it used to be that romania , slovakia and poland had common border ( since the middle ages ) . 
  it was the same with crimea , that region was never ukrainian , but stalin gave all sorts of poisoned gifts to ukraine to keep it forever as a satellite . 
  just as now in ukraine , they send `` volunteers '' to help with the internal war of moldova in 1992 , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria#war_of_transnistria for the westerners these are far away events , but the east europe knows too well how subversive and medieval are russian politics . 
  coming back to your question , the answer is obvious to me : they will try to keep the conflict in a frozen state indefinitely . 
  this gives them leverage against any of the following : moldova joining nato , moldova joining eu , moldova uniting with romania etc. 
  ; to some extent they use that leverage against romania and ukraine as well , especially with events unfolding now in ukraine . 
  moldova will have to first resolve that conflict and that is something hard to do , even if they would be willing to give up the land and cut the losses , because russia will try even then to stop it from happening . 
  2 independent states : moldova and transnistria are of zero use for moscow . 
  for example transnistria had some market liberalization with eu and now their exports to russia are 5 % only , imagine that . 
  they would be in eu 's wagon in 5 years if left alone by the big brother . 
  all the scenarios are even more complicated when you overlap the culture/ethnic shift under the ussr . 
  everyone was russified to the point many moldovans say they are no longer romanians , they vote 50-50 west versus russia etc. 
  there is also gagauzia , another cvasi autonomous region in moldova , inhabited mostly by turkish descent people . 
  it becomes even more complicated when you factor in ukraine 's interest in transnistria , which hindered the 5 +2 negotiations before the russian invasion of crimea . 
  to me this is the definition of the gordian knot ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gordian_knot ) and it would be best for the moldova and ukraine as well to cut their losses , give up the russian controlled land and just go 100 % towards eu/us and away from the psychotic big bear from the east . 
  eventually , the break away regions ( including transnistria ) will have a chance to go themselves in any direction , but currently everything is just frozen , which is not good for anyone . 
   immigration is useful when you get people in directly for what you need ( the australian points system ) . 
  i agree with that , but i am just poiting out that it also works when you have a similar culture , integration is seamless . 
  if you take out the scaremongering gypsy stories , eastern europeans for example are hardworking well integrate indivbiduals and in many cases highly skilled individuals like doctors , programmers etc. 
  you would n't tell a skilled romanian from a british co-worker if one would n't tell you beforehand ( no , this is not this typical romanian https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/31/7a/be/317abefce5629c92a61d95980377ff7c.jpg ) . 
  and it is our right to settle anywehere in europe , as long as we allowed your big companies to take 75 % of all the big businesses in romania . 
   i would n't mind seeing some evidence that the majority of them are young because i do not believe that ) . 
  romanian source , page 8 http://www.insse.ro/cms/files/publicatii/pliante%20statistice/migratia%20internationala%20a%20romaniei.pdf  back to your main point though . 
  more people = more strain ( by definition ) = more need for doctors in the first place . 
  simple as . 
  jobs and strain is not a zero net sum . 
  100k immigrants also need shelter ( yay landlords ) , food ( yay tesco ) , cars ( yay vauxhall ) , offices ( yay developers ) etc. 
  so they create maybe another thousands of jobs and so on .
