  the strain you are talking about is basically development : the need for homes increases , more houses are built . 
  this is thew definition of development , and is driven by the young motivated workforce of immigrants . 
  you do n't think your politicians agreed to immigration because they are fools or out of good heart , do you ? 
  on the other hand , i agree that no country should allow people to come in your contry with no will to integrate , we could n't integrate the gypsies in 1000 years ( eyeroll ), 
  your nhs is lucky to have immigrants , 26 % of the doctors in uk are immigrants http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/07/romanian-health-service-crisis-doctors-uk given that most of the immigrants are young healthy people looking for work , i am sure there is a net positive effect for the nhs . 
  flu shots do n't put a strain on the system ... be serious, 
  i was thinking the same until the eu parliament approved it . 
  now it 's a legit measure . 
  from the article : ' eurostat defines child poverty as the share of the population at risk of either being below the poverty threshold , being in a situation of severe material deprivation or living in a household with a very low work intensity . ', 
  except the low work intensity part , this is a relative standard . 
  your entire point is moot , because we did improve on all the accounts you mentioned . 
  after all , it 's not like we destroyed water infrastructure in the meantime , we actually built more , for example . 
  i guess standards are higher now, 
  from my limited knowledge , i only saw `` death to america '' in movies and in fanatical leaders speeches . 
  all the accounts of iran are of people just trying to do their best to enjoy life and they are actually in awe of western culture . 
  no stupid full face cover of women , and compared to alcohol punishment in arabia , they do n't care so much if you have alcohol parties in teheran . 
  iran is a sane country , only the west portraits it as a `` center of evil '' the view of the iranians themselves is positive towards america and the west . 
  look at this for example , but there are studies as well http://takingnote.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/12/13/how-young-iranians-view-america/?_r=0, 
  if you spend all the money you earn , it does n't make a big difference , just that in belgium you get more opportunities to have fun ( spend more ) and better services ( hospitals and such ) . 
  but if a pole goes to belgium and saves `` some '' money , that is 5 times more than one could ever save in poland . 
  terrorists win, 
  we have it simpler : trouble never comes alone, 
  hmm , i might have been wrong according to this http://answers.google.com/answers/threadview?id=255530, 
  ~ ~ tes they did planted ieds and other attacks against us army happened for at least 10 years . ~ ~ edit : i am not sure about this , does anyone have a reliable source ? 
  just do n't allow people to come into your country with no will to integrate . 
  why do europeans want to invite arabs that just want to re-create in europe the same shithole that drove them or their parents out ? 
  the current situation is that everybody is free to just piss on european values . 
  i am an immigrant myself , but i do my best to integrate . 
  if i fail , i would just go home or somewhere else , not kill the host people , wtf . 
  how come you do n't see terrorist attacks made by poles or bulgarians even though they had very rough time in the west ? 
  not all immigrants are alike , some just want to integrate , some cultures just want to bring their shit over from africa and arabia and never integrate . 
  so the refugees children , ok , that 's alright, 
  it 's 3 or 4 in romania ... 
  it wa a study totalling 41000 people in europe , http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/sources/docgener/studies/pdf/urban/survey2013_en.pdf page 66 in the pdf, 
  cluj-napoca , romania , was voted as the most welcoming city for foreigners , so yeah, 
  just that he is german , his father was johannis but his name got romanian spelling iohannis by mistake and he kept it . 
  people will always die , 500 romanians die each day . 
  this disaster touches our nerves because it was a sudden and ` undeserved ' death for young people . 
  it was also horrible , being cooked alive together with your friends , wife , girlfriend or child . 
  it was also completely avoidable if safety measures were enforced , which makes people even more angry ... 
  just to point out : they are net payers , but the taxes that are not being paid right now because of them is much higher than what they pay . 
  i am not saying they should be kicked out . 
  eu should find other way to have thise hundreds of billions rightfully paid in taxes anually . 
   `` they managed to piss of the guy you buy gas from '' is this a fukin joke ? 
  you really think that not giving in each time to big bad bully is bad because you 're pissing him off ? 
  i guess it 's georgia 's fault for russia invading them . 
  also ukraine 's fault for not suking their balls hard enough . 
  what germans do n't understand is that russia playa fair only with big states . 
  all other small ones are just their targets for expanding their brutal influence . 
  and russia will use any economic tool they have as a hard political blackmail option , like gas price , gas delivery , food imports . 
  these are not a free market , partner states deals . 
  it 's not like ee does not want to make money with russia , but you can not unless you suck their dick each time , or you are germany . 
  trust me , 90 % of the people do agree with the protest . 
  they do n't get out to protest because they are lazy , but the parliament has a 7 % approval rate at the moment . 
  it 's in our constitution : the people are the supreme rulers of the state , so yeah , i guess . 
  ideally the people should rule via their representatives , the parliament , but sometimes a hard reset is not bad . 
  romanians are very pacient and peaceful , but if you mess too much with them it ends in bloodshed . 
  afterall , we shot out president and his wife on the christmas day in ' 89 . 
  british ? 
  regional power ? 
  you really think turkey is ottoman empire again . 
  well , turkey is kind of occupying cyprus , and is becoming an islamist country , more and more like other middle eastern countries , so what is the problem ? 
  is n't that sweet ? 
  you occupy half the country , then you want to keep out of eu the other half as well . 
  who is turkey to decide all of this ? 
  i ca n't understand how brits can see these negociations going favorable for them ? 
  norway and switzerland have to implement virtually all eu laws in order to stay in the common market . 
  they have to do this without having a say in the eu internal negociations , how would this be better for uk ? 
  either the uk will want to disintegrate eu , which would help it , or just stay on the side of the playfield . 
  in any case , i personally do n't see how can brexit benefit the british except increasing the nationalistic ego . 
  the energy to renegociate all the eu agreements after brexit would be much better spent and with better yields by just pushing for reform inside eu . 
  can anyone enlighten me , what am i missing ? 
  he 's just interim for a couple of days , until the new prime minister is proposed by the president and approved by the parliament . 
  he 's actually a member of the resigning team . 
  the new one we will know today i hope . 
  nah , it 's just a circlejerk in romania about the most boring city in the middle of nowhere . 
  better than asking kremlin , we know how that turns out . 
  it is a protest against the corrupt politicians , especially the psd ( leftists ) government . 
  the government corruption allowed the nighclub fire to take place , but that was just the last straw , they pissed on public opinion ever since they got into power in 2012 . 
  source ? 
  what was it exactly ? 
  i read anything from `` signal disruption device '' to `` refrigerator box '', 
  sorry , it was meant to reply to another comment, 
  eli5 : why is this bad ? 
  that is exactly what we should do : do whatever it takes to make sure this shit does n't happen again, 
  this is an older picture , now there are lots of smart traffic lights with cameras and pressure sensors . 
  it might be from 2008 http://www.sabre-roads.org.uk/wiki/index.php?title=file:morarilor_road,_bucharest,_romania_-_coppermine_-_17748.jpg i do n't think it 's older than 2008 because i see tons of fiber cables on the posts , dacia logan , billa ads . 
  edit : that particular intersection does n't look good not even on a good day anyway https://www.google.com/maps/place/%c8%98oseaua+morarilor,+bucure%c8%99ti,+romania/@44.4426323,26.1657317,123m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x40b1f93644613f91:0x3762d55baec57e2d, 
  source ? 
  what was it exactly ? 
  i read anything from `` signal disruption device '' to `` refrigerator box '', 
  the rules are fine , they have to get approval from the fire department ; for that they need documentation and visits from fire inspectors . 
  the problem is applying those rules , fire fighters are not incisive enough . 
  i am imagining the really crooked ones are not so eager to do nice projects right now . 
  my feeling is they try to survive this epoch , until things will get back to `` normal '' and business resumes as usual . 
  they need a wake-up call , maybe from the voters next year , but my hopes are not so high , romanian voters have a high tolerance for corrupt people ( but they always complain about corruption in general ) . 
  in 2012 my home-town voted for a mayor that was already convicted for corruption , but not by the final judge . 
  people ( friends , family ) felt bad about a former prime-minister being taken to jail ( he also tried to shot himself in the head ) because he `` was a great prime minister and they only caught him with 3-4 millions , others stole more , and the evidence was not that strong anyway '', 
  well , the good mayors already do a fine job , so i guess you do n't really need a manual to not steal . 
  most of the guys are caught with simple schemes of money siphoning : preferential contracts , useless projects made especially for buddies etc.
