  - you miss good salami and sausages - bread is worse in general , but there are a few expensive brands that are fine - vegetables are good , but a bit pricier than in europe, 
  so you do n't put palm oil in butter and just about everything ? 
  what about high fructose corn syrup ? 
  really ? 
  i never knew this . 
   second , we should probably try to strengthen bordering countries this backfired very soon after in ukraine . 
  tbh i think we need a deterrent for russians as well . 
  this is the most stupid argument i hear from people like you , that communism improved the country 2x . 
  might be technically true , but most other european countries without communism improved 6x in the same period , i wonder why . 
  just look at east-west germany , i ca n't believe people today still argue about this . 
  what do you propose instead ? 
  we can not allow putin to just play with smaller countries around him : moldova 92 , georgia 08 , ukraine now, 
  ignoring the fact that romania is so poor especially because little green men forced communism on us for 45 years . 
  we still have n't recovered , and if it was n't for ue and nato many more would have left , just look at moldova where 1/3 of the population is gone . 
  and yet , bretain is a french province , only great britain makes sense , or uk . 
  otherwise , england might be more precise than britain . 
  they 're all in western europe, 
  in the meantime , germans are again thinking about themselves how special they are in europe , and how they can make sweet deals with the russians against other european interests ( and safety ) , again . 
  they saved you both feom nazis and commies , unlike some least unfortunate nations around you . 
  it 's not about wanted criminals ... 
  even now uk is not in schengen and wanted criminals can not get in . 
  it 's about people that brexiters are saying should be stopped at the borders , aka taking back control of the borders . 
  there were many complaints about border officers not being able to refuse entry to a known criminal because he was an eu citizen . 
  now they can do that easily , but no border in ireland makes it futile . 
  no they would n't , for the same reason uk can not forbid known criminals to enter the country at the moment . 
  so what ? 
  we just give up and let them fuck us ? 
  that is another matter , which to be honest i do n't know how it works : how long can a truck driver work in eu without a work visa ? 
  anyway , i was replying to your comment in which i had the feeling you are mixing free movement of people with visa free travel . 
  it would look like : `` i sell you persil at a discount , but only if you buy from me . 
  if you buy from persil germany it 's a breach of contract . 
  btw , persil germany does n't have the stock necessary for romania '' . 
  and anyway , it 's a win win situation , like a cartel , only the consumers lose . 
  do n't you agree that cartels are bad and should be regulated ? 
  to be honest , i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  there are probably agreements between the big guys from manufacturing and from selling side . 
  this is exactly the type of situation where regulatory bodies and governments have to step in and make clear and fair rules for everyone . 
  for a liberal market to function , you still need regulation . 
  free movement means you can pack your bags , go in london and start looking for work , get a rent etc. 
  travel free visa means you can pack your bags to go visit london , but not to start looking for work . 
  travel without a visa will remain . 
  at least in romania we have lots of shops now that sell imported only products , exactly for this reason . 
  imported means germany usually , but they are more expensive than they should be , as they do n't have the economy of scale on their side . 
  then label it as such : german persil , cheap persil and allow the buyers to choose . 
  you are missing the point . 
  it 's not about traffic between uk and ireland , it 's about uk and eu . 
  a big point of brexit was controlling the border , meaning that you wanted to forbid gangs of known criminals to enter uk , which you could n't do while in the eu . 
  now they could go to dublin , take a car into ni and voila , they are back again , uk does n't want that . 
  e.g. 2 uk can import tons of understandard chinese shit ( like they already do , but could do even more ) , truck it over ni-roi border and stick a new label on it . 
  eu does n't want that . 
  this is the anti-us thread here , do n't spoil this for them . 
  and yes , iused to drink heavily clorinated water from romanian taps . 
  it 's not about transit fees, 
  why is this bad ? 
  i guess it 's a nice change for the animal to be able to walk more than 20 m in one direction, 
  reported , offensive to no-identity people, 
  i know , i was just pointing out for people who do n't know . 
  checks written on red white and blue busses, 
  yes , he 's an ethnic german-romanian mix from transilvania, 
  his family is in romania for 700 years at the very minimum . 
  maybe when all balkans will be in eu and schengen , we 'll see another rejuvenation of their economy . 
  topg and sons did n't built the gas chambers , they built the crematories , because there were too many dead . 
  there was no remaining gas chambers to study , iirc . 
  the nazis blew them all up when retreating . 
  the one at ausshwitz was reconstructed by the russians , but at least how they made it , it looks like a subterran bunker with a heavy door and a hole in the ceiling . 
  pretty rudimentary compared to all other tech you ussualy find in a concentration camp . 
  in any case , if that is how gas chambers looked like , you dis n't need a company to design and build them , a corporal with some slave labour would suffice . 
  you mean the rightfuly moldovan land invaded by fascist romanians in 1918 ? 
  it was liberated thanks to the glorious red army !, 
  how much profit is taken from ee to the uk by uk firms ? 
  as bad as the mep is , that presenter is more annoying . 
  hungary has always been in good relation with ussr and russia , compaed to baltics , poland and romania . 
  after 1956 they gave them the gulyas communism , maybe that 's a big reason ? 
  you forgot moldova !, 
  also , there is no need ro wage a full war , there are steps in destabilizing and interfering massivelly in a country before bulets are fired ( see moldova again ), 
  i was specifically talking about war crimes commited by hungarians in their retreat from transilvania in 44 . 
  which you just brushed under the carpet because `` hungary was occupied by the germans '' . 
  the hungarian army helped by local fanatics tortured and killed romanians and jews in 44 . 
  terminals are good , they provide flexibility . 
  now that qatar is upping their game in gas exports , terminals might make russian gas too expensive . 
  gas supply and russian stance for example are 2 policies where there is a sharp contrast to rest of eu led by germany . 
  just as germany + france + uk ( now to be replaced by italy ) have separate meetings to make major decisions , i do n't see why eastern countries ca n't decide on issues crucial for us , but not as important for the eu or germany . 
  the link above was about hungarian army retreating , not germans . 
  germans have other crimes to answer for , which they did already , unlike hungarians who seem to still support or find excuses for war crimes . 
  it happened though , and now people wonder why ee does n't trust germany in relation to the russian bear . 
  it 's not only this , but this is recent . 
  maybe merkel will go ahead and get a well paid job at gazprom after she leaves office . 
  that 's what her predecessor schroder did . 
  you make killing innocent people sound so innocent . 
  there was n't just 2 isolated cases , i just linked the biggest ones . 
  transilvania 's villages are full of stories of the war crimes commited by hungarians in 1940 . https://ro.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/masacre_%c3%aen_transilvania_de_nord,_1940-1944 can you read romanian ? 
  in any case , hungarians started their occupatuon with killings , concentration camps for romanians and expulsions to romania . 
  i do n't know why 1000 murders seems so bening to you , i guess nationalism is not dead yet . 
  they also expelled 200k people over the course of the war . 
  luckily they did n't continue with the killings , but started again after 1944 when romania turned against germany . 
  you are missing the point . 
  if you detain everyone instead of gocing free eu passes , the numbers will fall 100x . 
  it works for australia . 
  there were huge scandals about 1 million poles in uk , we can not open the doors to everyone in mena . 
  europeans have a hard time grasping the size of africa , imagine ethyopia alone has 100 million people , nigeria 180 million etc.
