is it just me or germans get super defensive of vw and their little trick ? 
  they also got defensive when germany signed that north stream gazprom deal , who said nationalism is dead ? 
  i guess nationalism should be dead only when greeks fight for it , not when germans use it . 
  considering 25 % of europe is na , this can not be considered accurate . 
  romania stronker than this, 
  the same organization that admited last year they rigged the votes so that vw golf gets first ? 
  again german pride at it 's best , nothing but cliches http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/10/us-adac-awards-idusbrea191i020140210 japanese cars have a better track in usa , which i intend to believe more than adac ; also , even dacia is much more resilient in romania than any german car ( comparable in price ) , all the taxis are dacia for that precise reason , they are professional , they do n't buy with pride but with their heads . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong , dacia is not as nice as an opel or vw , but it holds together very well , almost no issues until 200k km and with little repairs up to 300k km . 
  a mercedes or bmw will also hold up just as long , but are more expensive and the parts are also more expensive, 
  you are wrong , sorry . 
  they did get money awarded from the romanian courts , it 's just that they wanted more and went to the european court . '', 
  there is widespread discrimination , yes , but not violent one . 
  the violent cases are investigated by the judiciary system and the perpetrators get to pay hundreds of thousands of euros ( remember hadareni case ? 
  the liars went to western europe saying they are killed and their houses burned by the romanians on a regular basis , that they are fleeing for their lives . 
  this was never the case in romania since wwii . 
  did n't knew about that one, 
  funny you mention that , they were usually gypsies claiming wild horrible things that the people are doing to them back at home . 
  all they wanted was your welfare , now they get it without lies , for free . 
  why would anyone with acces to internet read or spread daily fail articles ? 
  but that torque ... 
  i hope this does not get deleted . 
  we should create another sub edit : i get that some content and opinions must be censored , but showing raw video , unedited and with no sensationalistic title should always be possible , unless it is extreme violence or pornographic . 
  what did they say ? 
  same `` no context '' bullshit they served me ? 
  i corrected that, 
  maybe we should , but given the bad name we have ( the first time it actually helps us ) i do n't think we have to . 
  in another front page news , some poor afgans started crying when they founf out they are in romania , not hungary . 
  we do n't need the fence , brother . 
  hungarians not into mountains , hungarians into steppes :d, 
  yeah , but per capita shows how big a burden is for the country to receive refugees, 
  what happens at midnight ? 
  little chance to go through romania , they would have to cross 2 external borders , which are newly upgraded . 
  i do n't understand , was n't the army mobilized to prevent this ? 
  what happened ? 
  do you even read what you write ? 
  if the `` managers '' of the austrian roads block the highway , they are independent . 
  the same way the danish managers are independent in blocking trains and roads from germany . 
  i guess our airport managers could also be independent and refuse to land airplanes or trains with refugees , because `` it hurts operating business '' . 
  come on , are you really that gullible to believe it 's an independent from government decision ? 
  but it 's perfectly fine for austria to block roads and trains coming from hungary , not hypocrite at all . 
  i do n't agree with farage , but banning people or comments is not the way to go . 
  that is why reddit has a voting system , so the community decides what is good or not , not a handful of merciful mods . 
  i also got a video deleted because it did n't have enough ` context ' . 
  of course the video was not favorable to their opinion ... 
  yeah , we also have that in the consitution, 
  those are the guys that she tripped, 
  fyi , other forms of stay might also include ethnic romanians applying to get back the romanian citizenship lost in wwii . 
  with eu it goes both ways , eu business also profited from romania 's accession , 70 % of all the big companies in romania are now foreignly owned ( mostly eu ) making money here . 
  it 's not like germany gave us gift money out of good heart - it is supposed to be for mutual benefit . 
  what we gained is not so much in funds ( a mere 1bln netto per year ) but a forced reformation of government and anti-corruption , which is great . 
  you are perfectly right , therefore ukrainians do n't flock the west in hundreds of thousands . 
  that is the difference between refugees and economic migrants . 
  refugees stop in the closest place they feel safe , and for most ukrainians it 's ukraine . 
  they are almost 1 million internal refugees . 
  the ones that applied for asylum did so in belarus , russia , romania etc , neighbour countries . 
   what makes you think it 's a problem with schengen ? 
  migrants come , border control or not . 
  then why not allow romania and bulgaria in schengen for 5 years after they completed all the technical requirements ( border infrastructure ) . 
  it 's for political reasons , that is why , the old eu countries want to have levers against new ones . 
  and it is a schengen problem because they all want to get into schengen so they can move freely between the wealthy states . 
  well it 's a displacement , sure , because these fellas did n't get of the boat in romania , they are not refugees . 
  they are not refugees since they left turkey . 
  romania got it 's own from ukraine , people fleing for their lives . 
  romania is not good enough to get into schengen , but it 's good enough to help schengen countries ? 
  how is that european equality ? 
  bulgaria is not allowed into south stream , and yesterday germany signs biggest deal with gazprom . 
  i guess rules and obligations are only for the small states . 
  you 're right , if we put an end to the greece economy , it can not fall anymore , problem solved . 
  it depends on what they understand by ` job ' . 
  many do n't want to work for minimum wage or close to minimum wage , they go to work a couple of days then just stop going when they see it 's hard work for 200-300 euros . 
  this is not only for factories , but for shops where they could learn a skill or two , they just do n't bother working and then complain . 
  laws ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  there is only one righteous law : the sharia . 
  no , it is not irrelevant . 
  the same way france accepted millions of africans from former colonies and germany paid jews large amounts of money ; britain should accept millions of refugees from syria and middle east . 
  a lot of the current turmoil ( except for israel ) has it 's roots in the colonial ambitions of the british empire 100 years ago . 
  if europe must accepts the immigrants , then uk should be the first in line to do that , instead of hiding behind slovakia and germany . 
  i guess this is just the tip of the us equipment being brought here , i am all in for that !, 
  consider british actions post wwi , not allowing independent normal arab states , but has drawn artificial colonies for their own profit , they have a role in the issues of the middle east . 
  they now do n't want to help clean out their mess , why would slovakia pay for british and us actions ? 
  the us marines have fukin abrams tanks and 150 mm howitzers ? 
  how badass is that ? 
  i guess the us marine is the second strong army in the world , after us army of course . 
  that second video , jesus fukin christ ; i did n't imagined it 's so bad, 
  jews are not persecuted solely based on religion , that might be the case in fundamentalist states , but not in europe, 
  good for them , at least the russians wo n't be able to creepingly move the border like they do in georgia, 
  yeah , if ee would pay 200 e per immigrant , they would live well here . 
  and romania 's economy would benefit as well . 
  have you even read my comment ? 
  it was better with austrians than with the turks and hungarians , but you ca n't say being occupied is beneficial , i am sure being left alone would have been better . 
  better than the hungarians , but not so beneficial to be a colony . 
  transilvania was better of than the rest of the country under the turks , anyway not so good . 
  what is that pragmatic reason ? 
  ( for the non-german uber language speakers ), 
   with a decimal system than it is with imperial current time is not * imperial * , not everything non-decimal is imperial , lol ( unless you are referring to the babylonian and egyptian * empires * ), 
  if that is the case then i retract my words , i did n't knew that, 
  if the parliament passes a `` law '' like the cyanide banning , the commission can simply not implement it , i.e. 
  give directives . 
  also , by which transparent are the komisars appointed ?
