  the op in the context of which we were talking mentioned 550mln people of europe . 
  this is for us a direct association with the eu , not europe as a whole . 
  if you are talking about europe , then you have russia as well and sometimes turkey depending on context ( just to mention the big ones , but there is also ukraine , belarus , the balkans , moldova , caucasus states ) . 
  and even the poorest ee countries have like 4 times the gdp per capita of the wealthiest region in india ... 
  we did n't , until dodon the russian-cock lover won the presidency of moldova, 
  i hope romania never joins the euro as well, 
  you 've been played at the next level . 
  there were no protests lol most ( all ? ), 
  of this video is made by paid actors . 
  i never understood why they ask for these sells , it 's completely bullshit . 
  you transfer a state monopoly to a profit seeking owner , it can not go well . 
  if for example indians were to take over nhs , at least they would get rid or romanians and poles and bring in doctors and nurses from india , bangladesh and pakistan . 
  big win for ukip , they wo n't see so many romanians anymore . 
  moldova was in romania from 1918 . 
  transnistria was never in romania . 
  transnistria was created by the russians as stanalone and called moldovan soviet republic . 
  ok , i see now . 
  i have n't seen that in romania . 
  all i know of are famiky businesses with a trailer worth of hives . 
  so by mass produce you mean not giving the bees a break during winter ? 
  putting the bee hives on truck and moving them around to find the best places for flowers is what do bee-keepers do . 
  only hobbyists have 1-5 bee families that they keep in the back of the garden . 
  all producers have 20 + families , which they take on trips in the country . 
  during such a trip , the owner would camp together with the bees , rather than letting someone else take care of them . 
  also , they never share the best places where to take the bees , it 's a trade secret once they discover such a place . 
  you gus just secured a veto from romania . 
  how do you mass produce honey ? 
  i 've seen noumerous bee hives trailers , but never a farm ( or is it a factory ? ), 
  https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsbowleqozfw0vfkyxmydg0wijucfwhbxkhxnxirxs5fnt3pzuixa in my experience a lot of romanians pick up bee hives as a hobby and some switch to selling bee products after a while . 
  bees and honey are quite respected in general . 
  you do get pale when you see the rents in london though , so he might have a point . 
  the main question is not when , but what . 
  what can a service oriented economy like uks export easier to these countries ? 
  their services were easily exported to eu but it was a close time zone . 
  i do n't know why the british are so happy about these ftas , to me it looks like everybody will want to trade with them ( read export to uk ) , because why would n't they ? 
  the same with eu , a deal similar to turkey where it 's easy to import-export is godsend , they would offer that to uk the next day . 
  this is the best case scenario , the worst is usa strikes a more comprehensive deal , where nhs gets privatised and uk will experience im general the fierce capitalism of the big american corporations with none the benefits of living in the states . 
  think about it , why would us or nz not take advantage of the weak position of uk and strike a deal in their favour ? 
  why would n't they get the best deal they can get ? 
  if not , it would be like giving free money to uk , why would they do that ? 
  just because you speak english , have some free money ? 
  to be honest , i would n't mind if we just reduce the budget and give less money to developing regions , including romania , as long as we reduce eu wide tax evasion . 
  this might be the best opportunity to bring all the big corporations into the light and tax them where they make the profit . 
  we keep talking about 8 blns from uk , but we never talk about the hundreds ( ? ), 
  of billions we lose each year because of tax `` optimizations '' . 
  https://theintercept.com/2016/04/05/heres-the-price-countries-pay-for-tax-evasion-exposed-in-panama-papers/ http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/fight-against-tax-fraud-tax-evasion/a-huge-problem_en, 
  having the corporations paying taxes at home might offset that loss , bringing money home from tax havens . 
  if you get eu to collect taxes from big guys , they wo n't be able to evade one country by moving to ireland , then evade ireland by moving money to benelux and so on . 
   ukraine has been stagnating economically so it was not a failing country , it was just stagnating . 
  look , all i am saying is this : romanians were refugees before 1989 because of political oppression ( you could debate because their life was n't threatened and had a job in the country - by 1966 all political prisoners were freed ) , syrians are refugees because of a war ( you could debate that they can stop in turkey and return home when it becomes safe ) , libyans are refugees because of the war ( you can debate that they can go in egypt or morocco , not eu ) , ukrainians are refugees because of failing country and war ( you could argue they can remain inside their failing country and just east less ) . 
  all of the above can be argued saying they are just economic migrants , i think it 's always a combination of fearing for your life and moving to a better place . 
  bottom line is there are many types of refugees or almost refugees , and the west does n't want to make the distinction between mena and ukrainian ones because they do n't want to sound politically incorrect or racist or islamophobic . 
  actually you do n't even see ukrainins mentioned in the news . 
  the easterners have seen what islamists exremists are doing to france , germany , benelux and uk and they do n't want the same to happen in their countries . 
  these are people that already prove they can cause big issues in their new homes , it 's not just a theory . 
  and it 's not really fair to dismiss poland taking in ukrainians one way or another . 
  as for romania , in general we are welcoming refugees , but we really dislike the islamists , especially since we fought for hundreds of years to keep them out of the country . 
  everybody can have whatever religion they want , but when they come to try to impose their religion to others that is not alright . 
  the traditional muslims in romania cause no issue whatsoever here , people do n't mind them . 
  in any case , no `` refugee '' wants to come to romania , cause we are too poor , so there 's that . 
   the ukraine is a failing country because of the economy it was okish before the war , with good perspectives , now it all went to shit . 
  afghanistan is a pretty safe place , from what afgans are saying . 
   leaves plenty of room for internal refugees so if you 're going to be a refugee , why not make it somewhere where you could actually have a job instead of government handouts ? 
  you could say exactly the same about libyans not seeking shelter in fellow arab countries in north africa , syrians and iraqis the exact same thing . 
  when do you make the distinction ? 
  i am not saying they are all refugees , but just because they mind their own business and have a job does not mean they are n't refugees . 
  most of them work in poland as well . 
  easterners did n't fled to the west before 1989 because of a war , but because of political oppression , still you called them refugees , why would n't you call refugees ukrainians fleeing a failing country with a civil war in it 's eastern part ? 
  true , and we thank you for that . 
  they probably also stayed and built a new life there are well , but what do you think : how many of their kids will now put on a suicide vest and go shooting in the airport ? 
  we in the east also received our share of refugees during the last century , now poland alone has hundreds of thousands of ukrainian refugees . 
  i was just saying that in romania he 's the boogie man because he 's hungarian . 
  if romanians only knew hungarian politicians do n't like him either ... 
  but ... but ... we are always told soros is a ** hungarian ** - mason-illuminati-reptilian-jew , how can his money be bad for hungary ? 
  1913 never forget, 
  yes, 
  you are right , but you as an englishman ( i presume ) did n't live through 50 years of recent russian occupation . 
  therefore you do n't understand how reassuring can be for the minds of the people in the east to have some american tanks on their soil . 
  boosting confidence in nato and own countries also undermines russian soft subversion . 
  true , i do n't see why you get the downvotes . 
  the helsinki residents probably pay 3 times more than a village in the north . 
  but they still build roads everywhere , for the greater good . 
   normal countries good to know romania is not a normal country , we 've been living a lie . 
  just cause we had the misfortune to be so close to the ottomans and the russians and all the other eastern invaders does not make us less europeans or less of a country . 
  yep , we had quite a few screw up in romania , where a project was not finished in time , then the local authority had to pick up 100 % of the bill . 
  this lead to situations where they would say it 's done 80 % in the project , just to not lose the money , then contract some local guys to `` improve '' it . 
  but not that many , as eu checks are quite good at keeping things in check . 
   that 's the eu , comrade !, 
  we take , we give !, 
  true . 
  an overall win-win agreement like none before . 
  romania profited not so much from free money , but from improved institutions and laws , and reduced corruption . 
  it drives me crazy when i see westerners complaining about free money they give to the east and the right to work anywhere . 
  there is no free lunch , 40 % of romania 's land and 70 % of big exporters are foreign owned . 
  we are paying our contribution , but not in cash . 
  austrian companies ( omv ) got romania 's biggest oil company ( together with the oil reserves ) , the biggest overall company of romania . 
  also the biggest bank and a couple of smaller ones . 
  also the forests are cut by an austrian company like there is no tomorrow , including virgin forests . 
  anyway , thanks for paying ~ 1.13 % of that road . 
  moldova was split in half just in 1812 with a reunion from 1918-1944 .
