  but isis supporters , islamist extremists figheters and their supporters and mentors should be jailed for life or at least take away their passports and deported . 
  an imam that preaches violence is more dangerous than a prank-caller . 
  poor russians , beening unfairly blamed for annexing crimea and invading ukraine . 
  it 's not their fault they had to invade moldova and georgia as well . 
  well , we can raise doubts now , before 2004 there were no doubts : the prosecutors and politicians were all in on it and we could do nothing about it . 
  basescu was a big reason why all this changed , saying otherwise is just ill-intended . 
  except : * he named the chief prosecutos ( tiberiu nitu was imposed on him ) , kovesi and morar are his doing . 
  he personally chose them from a list of young and ambitious prosecutors * he allowed sri to give recordings to the prosecutors , do you see nastase goind the same if he had won in 2004 ? 
  * he did not try to save his ally ( patriciu ) , his brother or his very close aid ( udrea ) from justice the first 2 actions alone are enough executive decisions if you ask me . 
  after 2009 he started to talk shit about prosecutors , that does n't change what he actually did in his term . 
  yeah , after western companies bought all the factories for 1 penny in romania and 40 % of all agricultural land , you want to expel the workers from france . 
  integration of romania was not for free , you know . 
  except bosnia war is over . 
  transnistria is still occupied by the russian piece keepers . 
  they also mingle heavily in their internal affairs . 
  the 2 romanian countries ( valachia and moldova ) were allowed for the first time to elect their own president and by ` coincidence ' they elected the same guy couple of days in between . 
  the first things he did he merged some institutions like the post and supreme courts etc. 
  in a couple of years other countries would also recognize romania as a united state . 
  you forgot to mention that he backed all the justice reforms , for which we can see today the results . 
  the pna before 2004 was a joke . 
  an exact situation can not be replicated anyway , it 's not like in 2016 you can become the president ( or pm ) of 2 states then casually merge the justice and postal system . 
  i was thinking more like basescu becomes the pm of moldova , and from that position he will approach the country to the west and romania . 
  being the former president of romania and having the connections in eu would help tremendously . 
  also , the population in moldova could see him as a bridge to the mother-country . 
  '59 all over again https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_principalities, 
  in some countries kissing the kids on the lips is the norm . 
  if you do that in romania you could soon get pedophile charges . 
  would you agree that it 's fair to lose your child because of these charges ? 
  even if you were not convicted , of course , because you could explain it all to the judges . 
  but you see , no judges are needed in norway to remove your child from you . 
  no wonder people say germans do n't have humor, 
  if you want to be in the customs union you must allow free movement of goods and workers and pay in ; like norway . 
  eu accession forced us to create the anti corruption agency dna , but you can imagine that initially it was only for show with no real impact . 
  this was around 2004 . 
  then the minister of justice 2004-2007 ( macovei ) gave independence to prosecutors , so they did n't report to their bosses anymore on the cases they took . 
  because of her reforms , the parliament replaced her before the term . 
  the president basescu 2004-2014 named young and with good results prosecutors to lead the anti-corruption agencies . 
  he also allowed the secret service to intercept calls from oligarchs and hand them over to justice if they were deemed threats to national security . 
  and stealing 10 m euros is considered a threat to national security . 
  as we speak , these days , the constitutional court decided it 's unconstitutional to use those recordings , so it 's gon na be fun convicting . 
  the ice was broken in jan 2012 when the former prime minister was convicted and incarcerated https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adrian_n%c4%83stase#corruption_trial.2c_sentence_and_attempted_suicide there were convictions even before , but the arrest of such a high leader gave courage to prosecutors and judges alike . 
  the wave of arrests is also self-sustaining , because each one will sing about another 3-5 accomplices . 
  i think it would be the third actually , why not name it `` third reich '' , sounds reasonable enough . 
  that second one is so unsettling to watch, 
  in picture # 5 `` no age limit '' , that looks like an old woman to me : the clothes , the hat , the stature, 
  one of them was elected on special `` minorities '' list , meaning he did not needed the same votes at elections like normal mps , but has the same voting powers as any mp . 
  and in 2012 they both ( m\u0103d\u0103lin voicu and nicolae p\u0103un ) tried to introduce a law to pardon all sentences lower than 6 years http://www.evz.ro/proiect-de-lege-cu-dedicaie-pentru-corupii-romniei-condamnrile-din-anchetele-dna-aru-10038.html so yeah , these 2 gypsies are part of the high level corruption in romania . 
  this , it was a political case made the socialists back then in 2004 , to prove to the people and to eu that dna ( the one that is now arresting everyone ) is working . 
  of course at that time dna ( called pna ) did nothing to upset the politicians so they had to find some high profile dude to prosecute . 
  i remember the news back then , all the tv stations were on to the guy 's cult , but they were merely a group of yoga practitioners doing funky stuff in their own time . 
  they convicted him because of a 17 year old girl was involved . 
  that is why sweden granted him political asylum , for fair reasons . 
  of course , i just got carried away and colluded information with normal parliaments, 
  not sure if / s is missing or not . 
  anyway , they are elected every ~ ~ 4 years ~ ~ 5 years by people from all the member countries . 
  oh well , i was close enough :d anyway my main point is that is was debated in the parliament and voted pro , even if it 's non-binding . 
  it was decided in the jai meeting by the commission but voted in the parliament http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/eu-parliamentarians-vote-in-favour-of-refugees-binding-quotas-the-conservatives-and-the-far-right-oppose/ if it 's unconstitutional then hungary should overthrow this , but i doubt it 's unconstitutional . 
  in everything that you said , replace scotland with uk leaving eu and you see it still applies ( ofc , replace spanish veto with germany and france wanting to make an example out of kicking out uk for risk of contagion , replace oil price with the city business etc. ), 
  a building , and another one , and ... another building , such wow, 
  how is this an abuse of power if it was confirmed by vote by the eu parliament ? 
  you might not always like the result of the parliament vote , but you must respect it , it 's the crux of democracy . 
  i can not even read that , this guy managed to piss off everyone on / r/romania a while ago with his comments and posts , until he got banned . 
  i actually added them all up , because i did n't believe you : * georgia 3.75 * moldova 2.9 * albania 2.8 * macedonia 2 * bosnia and herzsegovina 3.7 * montenegro 0.6 * kosovo 1.8 * total = 17.5 - less than romania at ~ 20 * serbia 7.5 ofc turkey is at 70 mil and ukraine at 44 . 
  but gdp is not so important , what is important is democracy and justice , the copenhagen accord . 
  gdp is easy to grow when you have the principles right ( see chech republic , south korea etc. ), 
  but impossible when you are an autocracy like russia no matter how many resources you have . 
  the turks ruled the balkans and parts of romania for 400-500 years . 
  they did n't try to convert us to their language or religion , they did much less damage than russians in 50-100 years . 
  oh yes , poor russia was always persecuted by all of it 's neighbours , that 's why it had to conquer them all and become the largest state on earth !, 
  or we could use a romanian-hungarian-gispy singer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mtmcd17m2y afterall , eurovision purpose is to promote cultural diversity in europe is n't it ? 
  using sandu ciorba would be unfair competition , he 's in another league altogether , not even the wurst-lady-boy matches him . 
  in 1940 moldavians were not brainwashed by the soviets yet , so they considered themselves romanians . 
  romanians could do the same , or any other nation lucky enough to be in east europe and neighbour russia . 
  it 's nice , no wonder russian pilots want to have a closer look . 
  soviet brainwashing for 50 years . 
  many say now they are proud moldovans not to be confused with gipsy romanians . 
  that is because the top stopped at 10 . 
  have it went 5 positions more it would have included all of central europe . 
  eu can not let that happen , it would set the most dangerous precedent . 
  it would encourage all other rich counyries do the same , bringing the end of the union . 
  for romania it 's the head of state , the president, 
  why lift it ? 
  leave it in place but gib schengen !, 
  yeah , i was wondering if it was logarithmic or something, 
  so you 're saying the fish and vegetables compensate for it ? 
  it turns out you consume half a kg each week , per person http://www.internationalpasta.org/index.aspx?idsub=118, 
  yet they eat so much pasta and pizza . 
  i do n't understand how it 's possible ? 
  maybe the sun is the answer ? 
  sources : pasta http://www.internationalpasta.org/index.aspx?idsub=118 pizza is not so much it seems http://www.bordbia.ie/industry/manufacturers/insight/alerts/publishingimages/2011/august/pizza.png why the downvotes ? 
  it was a legit question, 
  yeah , that is 1 million per each new job . 
  i guess this is the future : people will be highly qualified or work in services . 
  most factory workers are used as robots now , to be replaced as robots get cheaper . 
  you did n't push eu , nato and us bases over us in east europe !, 
  we wanted this in overwhelming majority and invited you and worked hard to convince us to come here . 
  unlike the russian tanks and communists who came uninvited and stayed 50 years . 
   were a nightmare to defend that is why they become the biggest state in the world , because they always struggle to defend their homeland by conquering all neighbors . 
  do people actually believe this or are you a paid troll ? 
  east europe paid a high price for the right to emigrate .
