  they come online and achieve full power in seconds , probably faster than fast firing gas plants . 
  they can have huge installed power ( 20 % for romania ) and can sustain production for days , weeks , months . 
  * people are just beginning to experiment and use large batteries to also regulate the grid . 
  also ev vehicles 's batteries can be used to do just that , as long as the car is plugged in . 
  even if dobrogea has good wind potential ( not that amazing compared to uk btw ) , it still needs to be connected to the grid and regulated . 
  this is why there were requests to build around 20gw of turbines , but transelectrica only approved around 3gw , because that is the maximum of intermittent power they can take at the moment . 
  if it was n't for the hydro stations , we would n't have that much wind power installed . 
  i am not very well informed on the issue , and i know there were some troubles before the invasion . 
  but this sounds very familiar with what russia does in transnistria , withthe `` piece-keeping '' troops, 
  well , greece did have it 's brothers in cyprus invaded by a fellow nato member and nothing happened to the aggressor . 
  the same for us , it was n't that much mentioned all your riots last year , so there 's that . 
  * good hydro power ( thanks ceausescu ) - around 20 % * hydro power allowed large number of wind turbines . 
  the capacity is greater than all hydro , so when wind blows wind produces more . 
  look at this graph from 1st jan to 10th jan. . look at how wind and hydro complement each other . 
  http://www.transelectrica.ro/widget/web/tel/sen-grafic/-/sengrafic_war_sengraficportlet nuclear * large green subsidies ( largest in europe at some point ) until the wind turbines were build . 
  after that , they went back 2 notches - thanks crooked politicians, 
  can i suggest a solution to your problem ? 
  try using a process in 2 steps , similar to code-reviews in software : initial review by one of the regular members . 
  this can be accept or reject with comments and discussions with the applicant . 
  this would weed out a lot of the stuff , clarify issues , questions etc. 
  then of passed , the applicant 's file gets to be examined by a senior reviewer . 
  this will be the final call . 
  in time , you can promote regular reviewers to senior reviewers based on the quantity and quality of initial reviews done . 
  you can have 1 ore more initial reviewers for the same applicant . 
  also , a senior reviewer can prioritize reviewing first the applicants with more initial reviews . 
  message me if you are interested in more details . 
  not usr myself , but you got to understand this is a very new party , they just got together last year in a couple of months . 
  so i for one am lenient about them not tackling all issues at the moment . 
  they have n't even decided yet on more important things like left vs right , which is something that might split the party ( hopefully not ) . 
  also , in romania drugs and prostitution go head-on against the church and the conservative older society , so i understand them for not wanting to antagonize a big part of society from the beginning . 
  since their main message is anti-corruption and transparency , you do n't want to dilute that . 
  little britain, 
  the op was made from a wank and carried in his mother 's cunt by a shit fly . 
  that 's my favorite . 
  my point was that solar panels cost 40 $ c/w , while utility scale pv farms cost 100 $ c or more to install . 
  hence the higher cost of connecting and installing like i said . 
  hell , you actually agree with me , i do n't know why you said `` not even close '' . 
  anyway , improving the pv cells was not easy , mind you , we struggled with those since the 70s and only now we have good cheap cells . 
  i do n't see a problem with eroi , we have 18 for wind and 7 for pv ? that is on par with modern oil eroi , and i do n't see people complaining about oil eroi . 
  it 's said that over 3:1 is enough to sustain a modern civilisation . 
  i guess i have n't been explicit enough . 
  all those countries have large hydro stations . 
  these can be used as `` batteries '' for them and neighbouring countries , or upgraded to pumped hydro storage . 
  i was n't proposing new dams , the best locations for dams are already developed for 40-50 years now . 
  look at this graph from 1st jan to 10th jan : http://www.transelectrica.ro/widget/web/tel/sen-grafic/-/sengrafic_war_sengraficportlet the green ( wind ) and blue ( water ) lines are interchanging places wildly . 
  and romania has 0 pumped storage as of now . 
  there are plans to upgrade some plants from simple hydro to pumped storage , but there are n't funds now , because anyway simple hydro can handle the current fluctuations . 
  i used to think the same , but things have changed in the last years . 
  * first , some countries proved that running on renewables does not cause an issue even up to 40 % of total production . 
  they are doing this by integrating smart electronics with the units of production , hydro storage , and long range dc cables . 
  these are planned and built across the continent to even out consumption peaks . 
  * we as an entire continent still have large reserves of available hydro storage ( or potential to easily build them ) : norway , sweden , switzerlan , austria , romania * a new revolution is happening in batteries , li-ion batteries from now are not the same as 20 years ago , they are greatly improved . 
  grid levelling batteries and also car batteries inside evs will be used more and more to balance out the grid . 
  remember we are anyway continuously building power stations and transmission lines anyway , this is not a new cost or a surprise . 
  but instead of building classical coal plants , we just have to plan more carefully and design smarter national grids and better interconnections , e.g. 
  during the winter storm in january , romania was exporting electricity at maximum capacity and it still overproduced because of the wind turbines . 
  you might say the new style grids are more expensive , but on the other side sun and wind are free , we are not fuelling autocratic countries with money ( russia , arab states ) . 
  we have 20-30 years , in which to upgrade the grids and bring in the new technological improvements . 
  we are still way under the current grid capacity of absorbing renewables , in most countries . 
  i completely agree with you that papers use energy , power , capacity , gw , gwh etc. 
  interchangeably in a way to impress the readers , and the people might get easily confused by this . 
  but , the newly installed capacity ( coupled with their capacity factor mind you ) is maybe the best evolution to follow when you want to track how a region is doing in lowering the use of fossil fuels . 
  no it 's not , solar panels are dirt cheap now and still dropping prices . 
  the major cost is due to logistics , construction , installation , transmission , storage . 
  these are all things we can tackle relatively easy , there is no technological debt here . 
  europe imports from russia 25 billions usd worth of gas every year . 
  this can buy 50 gw of solar panels each year !, 
  these produce 60 000 gwh yearly ( at 10-15 % capacity factor ) . 
  eu produces 1 400 000 gwh each year from thermal plants ( dirty coal and clean gas ones - not all gas is imported from russia ) . 
  to replace them all , we need 1400/60 = 23 years . 
  the minimum lifetime of solar panels is 25 years , so after a 2 year break we can start replacing them again , all in the cost of importing gas from russia . 
  i did n't take into account the cost to install the panels , which can double or triple the cost , but i also calculated the cost to replace all thermal plants , not only those dependent on russia . 
  i also did n't account for gas used for heating . 
  in any way , with little ( additional ) cost we can cut our dependency from russia completely in ~ 20-30 years . 
  sources i used : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:electricity_statistics_2013-2015_ ( in_gwh ) _ update.png http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-gazprom-price-iduskcn0zf0tr http://www.gazpromexport.ru/en/statistics/, 
  you thought romanian tourists on your golden sands are there by coincidence ? 
  think again , you southern dobrogea thief !, 
  fun fact : after we died like fools in their war against the ottomans , when the russian army returned through romania , they planned to capture the king . 
  our king fled bucharest to avoid this . 
  you realize that such close countries can not have big differences right ? 
  if you look at the generit map , we are all a mix and match . 
  this map only tells who the biggest liars are , for e.g. 
  hungary . 
  romania can not have small penises , i for one am average with 19 cm, 
  uncalled for, 
  we had an anti eu party which did n't make it in the parliament in 2008 ( under 5 % ) , then got forgotten . 
  we have now another anti eu party , at 4 % maybe . 
  so yeah , i would say less than 5 % is anti eu . 
  they were n't directly responsible for colectiv though . 
  miners were welcomed by many civilians . 
  corruption was tolerated because ` they are all the same ' . 
  i guess not anymore , now we saw what an honest government looks like , they can not go back to nastase 's ways of 2000s !, 
  this is what they tried last week : going back to discretionary ruling of a single man . 
  we 've awaken , we wo n't allow it . 
  the ruling party is huge , literally the biggest in romania . 
  they can spare 30 people to send to the government . 
  the current one is a shame , it was put there since day one just to be the puppets of a convicted leader . 
  btw , the ordinances that drew people on the streets would have massively helped that said leader in his court appearances . 
  the government can resign and be replaced with someone more credible . 
  these guys were from the get go the puppets of dragnea , they themselves admitted it .
