  south korea is an industry giant , ofc they want free trade with everyone everywhere . 
  samsung produces anything from cannons and ships to electronics , not to mention hyunday and lg etc. 
  they are the 5th exporter after china , us , germany , japan . 
  uk can not really export it 's main economic sector ( services ) , unless it is to geographically close partners . 
  but they just voted out of that trade deal ... 
  of course they can overcharge if they have monopoly , the thing that this article is all about . 
  that is why capitalist countries do n't allow monopolies . 
  in addition , russia uses the gas as a political tool : if you play nice with us you get a better price . 
  i really do n't understand how brexiters can think it 's just going to be a walk in the park to replace all these trade agreement with their own . 
  and not only that , but make them at least as beneficial to uk . 
  even if they do : we have these agreements today through eu , yet we do n't see such a huge influence from them , eu surpasses all of them by an order of magnitude . 
  how are similar new trades going to beat current ones + eu membership ? 
  beats me . 
   also does not seem to achieve much because the countries in question just switch to other energy sources this is true only in the last years with lng . 
  i am sure they would still overcharge if they could realistically . 
  it did n't just `` get resolved '' , but the bullying gazprom finally found it 's match . 
  when the wind blows they are paying poland , cehia and others to take their electricity . 
  the problem is that these countries ' grids are not built for that purpose in mind , so they have some issues handling this , but it 's not a showstopper imo . 
  the problem is that especially russia likes frozen conflicts . 
  to a lesser degree so does us . 
  without going into details who did what when , my feeling is that russia will try to prevent a `` total victory '' of turkey in this conflict , simply because by having a kurdish resistance that can be easily activated remotely ( by simply sending some weapons over ) against turkey is very much in their interest . 
  as i keep telling my turkish friend : just give some land to the kurds so they can have their own country , all this madness can stop . 
  turkey can even be seen as a great nation for establishing and protecting the new kurdish state . 
  he agrees with me . 
  thanks eu !, 
  they wo n't do that . 
  it would work for a couple of years , but doing it so would put an even bigger pressure to build lng terminals . 
  enough lng terminals in europe , arabia and us will make a true international market for gas , just like for oil , and gazprom would lose half the profit . 
  as it currently stands , this will happen anyway and gazprom is basically trying to prolong the current situation as long as possible . 
  in conclusion , thanks to eu pressure , gazprom will have to play nice to all , including romania and poland . 
  we did implement all schengen technical criteria years ago . 
  corruption has nothing to do with it , and eu should keep monitoring corruption even after we get into schengen regardless . 
  islamism have nothing to do with it , more like communism . 
  romania is not muslim , serbia as well, 
  is there a relevant xkcd about how overused this quote is ? 
  for mayors you have a point , but for presidency , parliament or referendums you should still have a say in your country 's future . 
  just because you live in de for a couple of years you should be allowed to get involved in your country 's future , so you have a nicer place to go back to . 
  that would be against all eu stands for . 
  people should vote , period . 
  just make one with one lion , one bird , one cross , one crown and 27 stars . 
  on another note , i love how inception-like this is , with romania 's being compose out 7 different regional coats of arms . 
  and gecad from romania , acquired by microsoft for windows defender, 
   the adjusted refusal rate is based on the refusal rate of b visa applications . 
  b visas are adjudicated based on applicant interviews ; the interviews generally last between 60 and 90 seconds . 
  [ 39 ] due to time constraints , adjudicators profile applicants . 
  [ 39 ] certain demographics , such as young adults , those who are single and/or unemployed , almost never receive visas, 
  that guy not managing to set the damn thing straight is so frustrating, 
  did you know that whataboutism was * invented * by the soviet russia https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism, 
  ** tax haven ** , as in safe harbor , nothing to do with heaven , where angels live, 
  i guess su attacking poland together with germany was just a coincidence . 
  and then 5 other countries ... 
  yes they did plan to split eastern europe between su and germany , and take those territories by war , how else ? 
  hold your tits , that is ppp . 
  orban will make sure ppp will be banned from any statistics in the next 30 years , so nothing will happen . 
  one side ( su an nazis ) did n't care for human lives , used mass killongs , genocide , deportations . 
  the other side did nasty things to win the war , true , but after liberating territories and winning the war did n't really become a brutal occupation force with the purpose of cleansing and terrorizing the population . 
  stalin killed far more people than hitler , he killed 6 million jews in total , su killed 6 million ukrainians in one winter alone , with countless more killed throughout the years . 
  the west always put hitler at the top of the scale of evil and ignore stalin just because he helped them win the war . 
  the thruth will prevail eventually . 
  and anyway , even if you do n't compare hitler and stalin , the germans are indeed sorry for what happened , they aknowledge the suffering they as a nation caused , paid for reparations and are working for a world where this wo n't happen again . 
  russians on the other hand , miss the good ol days of stalinism when they were subjugating nations by massacre and felt they had a great empire . 
  even today you have stalin appologists , as proved by this thread , something unthinkable for the german counterparts . 
  that is the worst thing . 
  we allied against ussr because it occupied half of moldova ... at that point we would have allied with devil himself against russia, 
  most romanians call it treason , and i bet germans too . 
  but i think it was a necessary evil , not switching sides would have only meant useless deaths and destruction . 
  i donno , it was a terrible time to be alive , any choice would have been a bad one . 
  from my point of view , the correct one would have been to attack russia to take back moldova , but stop at the old borders . 
  only when we crossed those borders britain and usa declared war on us . 
  but yeah , you can imagine this alternative would have meant nazi occupation , and we all know how much fun that can be . 
  it might be even less , because when we frenchified we added replacements for slavic words , and now these are archaic words , they are not used in common speach https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/limba_rom%c3%a2n%c4%83#limbile_slave, 
  i was just making the point in the context of how easy it is for romanians to learn western romance languages + english . 
  coming from romania a lot of words sound so similar to us because they have latin etymology , but a slightly different meaning . 
  `` car '' in romanian is a carriage, 
  okay , now it all makes sense : stalin wants to fuk hitler in the butt but he 's not allowed . 
  stalin decides to fuk 6 other smaller countries in the butt , because reasons . 
  you do realize this is not a game of total war , there were millions of people with ruined lives and even killed because of these `` games '' played by stalin . 
  but ... but ... we did n't . 
  we were n't nice to them on any account , but even though romanian government was anti-semitic , only a couple of incidents happened were several thousands jews died . 
  but these killings happened because of army and without government involvement and the country leader stopped them ( even though he was also anti-semitic ) . 
  more jews were killed by the army in occupied territories , probably because it was n't under public scrutiny and it was anyway a warzone ( up to 2-300 k maybe ? ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_romania#antonescu.27s_r.c3.a9gime but in romania most jews survived and went on to emigrate to israel after wwii . 
  romania was the biggest source of jews for israel after russia . 
   churchill , however , did n't enjoy seeing huge soviet concentrations along east germany yeah , and half the europe under soviet tanks . 
  pitty they did n't attack russia to liberate eastern europe, 
  we allied after you occupied part of romania and deported thousands in siberia, 
  soviets allied with germany and then attacked 6 states and occupied territories , including romania . 
  romania tried to preserve peace and borders and even though we were pro-german , we did respect our polish agreement and evacuated their government , treasury and army through romania . 
  unlike uk and france , which declared war but did nothing they waited for everything to just pass , and unlike russia which attack poland from behind . 
  you could say right side is uk , france , usa . 
  russia happened to fight the same enemy . 
  i see this as a 3 part situation : western world not wanting a war , germany and urss . 
  urss even wanted to attack western europe after wwii was over , you can not call them on the same side as them . 
  after you occupied half of moldova and deported thousands of romanians . 
  what were we supposed to do , stuck between 2 genocidal warmongers ? 
  they started the war together with germany , that is my point . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact they actively prepared and made alliances with the nazis to start the war . 
  they got to fight each other in the end , but they planned this war together . 
  and about killing it 's own citizens no-one beats soviet russia in quantity or level of brutality . 
  this whole post is about holodomor , where they starved millions of people in one winter , and it only got worse after that .
