  still , romanians are known for the horse meat scandal . 
   among the arrested suspects , many eastern europeans . 
  where does it say romanian ? 
  you are implying all bad things that happen and include eastern europe include romanians as well . 
  now all bad eastearn european = = romanian , got it, 
  do you have a source linking these violent crimes to romanians ? 
  because as others have said , we did have our small times criminals , but armed robberies are so rare in romania that when one happens it 's all over the national news . 
  the percentages will level out since the visa free work started in 2015 , the pickpockets emigrated before - because they do n't need a work visa ( i.e. 
  there were few criminals coming in uk after 2015 liberalization ), 
  because we did n't have freedom to work in uk , honest workers could n't easily settle in great britain . 
  since the 2004 visa-free travel the country was fair game for pickpockets and small time criminals to go in uk and do their stuff , they did n't need work visas anyway . 
  these percentages will now come closer to one another because many romanian workers emigrated legally starting 2015 . 
  in romania brasov was called `` orasul stalin '' from wwii until around ceausescu 's period . 
  it was around reddit these days : https://youtu.be/fzruihtc9mo?t=2m10s  `` we are a trading people , a maritime people , a people connected by language , law , habit , history , by commerce and migration to every continent '' even if the empire is not explicitly named , i 've seen countless uk leaders saying we were always a `` nation of traders '' , `` we were in the center of commerce '' , `` we are a maritime people '' etc. 
  all this grand trading was only possible because of the empire and the suppression of so many people . 
  you say `` we have a great tradition in commerce '' and it 's true , but you did it with the help of slave trade , east india company and many other examples like this . 
  britain literally forced india to produce opium and china to buy it . 
  british were not a commerce people solely because of their knowledge in navigation ( which they had indeed ) , but mostly because of their guns and armies . 
  east india company had one of the largest armies in the world at the time . 
  and after the colonies broke free , britain 's trade dropped . 
   language , law , habit , history , by commerce and migration to every continent this sounds great to an englishman , but it means destroying native populations , subduing them and replacing them eventually ( in australia , nz etc. ), 
  edit : look at this map showing the british trade routes 1750-1800 . http://static1.squarespace.com/static/53b17013e4b0f83f2d8a8a4a/t/53e4e45de4b029aa443e8c8e/1407509719919/?format=1000w they are all colonies . 
  speaking about trade with commonwealth is the same as turks speaking how great was the trade between the ottomans and the balkans and middle east . 
  it 's one thing to not appologise and another to be proud of the old empire . 
  even now politicians boasts how the british ruled the sea and did commerce . 
  they fail to mention that this glory was primarily based on the misery of hundreds of millions . 
  you do know that romanian immigrants to uk actually increase the uk economy instead of the romanian one , right ? 
  brain drain is one of the biggest risk for romania at the moment . 
  neighbour countries ca n't realistically have such big differences while the genes are so mixed . 
  this is more likely a map of honest reporting . 
  because i have seen brand new installations with 2 taps , and not only in one place . 
  whatever you say , in continental europe it 's quite hard to still find 2 taps , maybe only in houses 100 years old which have n't been remodeled . 
  for britain the rate of change is much slower , hence i can see modern double taps . 
   after the anglo-dutch allied forces had occupied gibraltar in the war , much of the population had left gibraltar to live in the surrounding areas . 
  i suppose they did n't leave on their own accord . 
  `` left '' is such an eufemism here . 
  found the brit  one thing i do n't get though : why you do n't give up designs that are quite obviously obsolete like the separate hot cold water taps . 
  these resistent to change views also screwed your car industry i would say , ca n't sell too many old looking cars . 
  those european vultures , they were a thing since the romans . 
  yeah , but they almost defeated the russians in the winter war in wwii amd now they have a very serious military , we would never have that and you know it . 
  all the talks about immigrants being the issue in europe at the moment , in the uk you always hear leaders referring to immigration as a `` problem '' that must be solved . 
  all the while those same politicians know very well that their families and their friends and profiting from large scale tax evasion . 
  we have n't changed the tax system in decades , but new sources of income make the system obsolete : software , over the internet consultancy , internet banking for the ease of moving money etc. 
  we need to start taxing the corporations their fair share . 
  the talks behind the scenes that led to this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2eknmsz-iw, 
  size and different ethnicities, 
  no good deed goes unpunished ( facerea de bine-i futere de mama ), 
  it only makes sense . 
  either that or make the brexit real short , nit 2 years . 
  not going to happen though . 
  i think we will see dozens and dozens of thos kind of `` clashes '' until the exit . 
  and a little bit more after that . 
  good for them , we should finish the romanian-moldovan high capacity link as soon as possible , so they wo n't be forced to work with the russians anymore . 
  uk was the `` sick man of europe '' before joining eu in the 70s . 
  just to point out , uk has anyway a lower target at 15 % compared to most countries . 
   some areas will get warmer and have less rain , others will have more rain and so forth . 
  but overall there will be more rain , not less , we are too far behind with science to predict which place goes where , i think . 
  my point is that people keep thinking of the global warming as a runaway hot desert like in madmax . 
  on the contrary , in most places it will go towards a luxuriant tropical vegetation filled place , like in jurassic park . 
   huge margin of error regarding the formation of new clouds and the altitude of which this is one of the hard things to determine in the positive feedback models is n't it ? 
  ipcc keeps downgrading the feedback effect in each report . 
  co2 by itself will `` only '' warm the planet by 1 degree , given we do ** nothing ** and keep burning fossil fuels . 
  water vapor is what tips the balance , and like you say low clouds/high clouds/no clouds makes a big difference . 
  but in any case , what goes up must come down , so there is definitely going to be more rain . 
  it 's actually gona be more clouds and more rain , on average worldwide . 
  that 's why they want the death penalty back , for traitors like yourself . 
  dammit , you beat me 7 minutes to the reply of the week . 
  yeah , that is what i mean . 
  romania is not such a large consumer and we can not even produce for ourselves , yet we are on third place . 
  romania is on third place and we still have to import from russia from time to time . 
  eu needs to do something about russian gas dependency . 
  even no deal countries like russia and turkey cooperate on terrorism . 
  it 's in everyone 's interest and not doing so puts regular people like you and me in danger . 
  blackmailing is not against eu , it 's against eu citizens and uk citizens alike . 
  she basically said she 's willing to let uk+eu lives at risk just to get some leverage againt the eu . 
  and all of this just because uk has an above average security , incredible . 
  that is exactly the reason people still track old nazis  90 years old . 
  but may specifically said she wants out of echr ... 
  all your corporations could easily expand to eastern europe and make shit tons of money in detriment of local ones . 
  nah , romanians were very happy to get into nato and eu for the principle of it , free money or not . 
  we were left at the edge of europe for thousands of years , facing invaders from all sides . 
  we are still at the border now , but at least in a community with the center countries . 
  not the a10 noooooo, 
   would suddenly allow some kind of bullying the bullying already happens in the case of our schengen or greece 's debt . 
  if you fail to see that , then we have nothing to discuss any further . 
  if we leave the option to future politicians to play these kind of political games they will do it . 
  and nations and whole businesses will suffer . 
  this is exactly the reason why eu worked so far , big countries were not able to easily bully the small ones . 
  now they want to institutionalize the bullying . 
  and corruption is just one aspect , you can find 10 more the next day if you need a reason to block someone . 
  think about the hypothetical examples : * romania has cheap and fast internet , and while now internet becomes a basic right , how about eu forbids germany or uk to have a say in it&c matters until they improve their speeds/prices . 
  how long and and what cost would germany get on par with romania at internet ( we are improving constantly as well so it 's a moving target ) * romania already achieved eu co2 emissions 20/20/20 targets while uk and germany are lagging , netherlands are even building coal plant atm !, 
  how would it be that these 3 countries will be blocked from any environmental decisions until they reach the target ? 
  how long does it take netherlands to get there and at what cost ? 
  but nevertheless , we block them now until they * improve * , again we decide when they improved enough . 
  any mind you , germany got a reduced target of 18 and uk of 15 % , how about they do n't get to sweeten the deal like this , because they are veto-ed by someone in croatia ( another country that achieved the targets ) * romania has very good privacy protection and freedom of speech on the internet , among the best in the world . 
  germany on the other hand violates human rights by forbidding speech directly in facebook and has mass spy programs . 
  how about eu blocks germany until they improve ? 
  blocking countries can be extremely damaging , and will result in haves and have-nots . 
  schengen has no requirement regarding corruption .
