  house bubble , lying politicians ( they postponed announcing the crysis until after the election , so we did it only in 2010 , ) cooked books of some sort ( some debts were not aknowledged properly by the government ) and a massive deficit having a hard time to borrow . 
  the currency took a huge hit of 30 % , we had negative gdp growth for almost 2 years , but since then we are back on track and again one the fastest growing economies . 
  of course i was n't happy losing 30 % of my money and salary , but it 's way better than cronic unenployment or long term economic damage . 
  germany would n't even think to help us out in 2010 , they would give us shit like they do with greece , while germans themselves enjoy euro very much , thank you . 
  if it 's everyone for himself , then why put together a currency that can naturally only work best for one subset of countries ? 
  usa has poor states that receive a lot of money from the rich ones and a lot of infrastructure investment , otherwise it would n't work to have the same dollar . 
  euro funds are nowhere near those sums of money . 
  it 's just that ee and west europe have a mutual beneficial relation . 
  too many people say '' we give you free money , so shut up you poor eastern europeans and do what we say '' . 
  we are all in this , and w should n't be bullied by germany and co into shit reforms , like the euro . 
  found the bureaucrat, 
  this is bad news for homeowners . 
  i would expect to ban new installations , but allow old ones to be grandfathered . 
  it 's not only diet , the greeks worshiped the human body . 
  that makes us central or or ... nordic ? 
  at last, 
  that is something else . 
  climate change will cost us , but it will look like jurassik park , not like mad max . 
  there will be more rain and more vegetation . 
  well , our parents thought the same in 1990 after the fall of communism . 
  but after 27 years of battling the same old problems , and facing hardships every day ... they lost their will and hope and are now voting with the guys they fought against . 
  your link literally supports what usgov said ( less frost season , more water etc. ) . 
  here is another one , planet is greening already since the co2 levels rose : https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2016/carbon-dioxide-fertilization-greening-earth there are some spots that will experience more droughts , but for most it will be more rain and more vegetation . 
  and btw , sahara itself was a lush rainforest last time the co2 levels were high . 
  actually the worst case scenario , if we do nothing and burn all the fossil fuels we want by 2100 , will make the sea rise by 1m . 
  this is per ipcc, 
  ibm , sun , oracle , intel , nvidia , xerox ... dude , the americans basically invented , popularized and developed internet to what it is today . 
  i know it `` s easy to be antiamerican , but they are leading in itc . 
  lol , what about linkedin , yahoo , uber , oracle , ibm etc ? 
  should we ban them all and allow only the ungodly sap to build all the big software ? 
  greece is such a bad thing . 
  it shows everyone that you are allowed to fuck up , and after you do , they will strangle you as much as possible . 
  and treatment towards southern countries is bad in regards to euro . 
  they implored ecb to start printing money for years , until germany finalky gave in . 
  now we wonder why italy spain portugal greece are doing so bad . 
  bank of england issued 300 billikns the very next day after brexit . 
  if you do n't have a germany like economy , ecb policies do n't work for you . 
  i hope that the proposed 2 speed eu wo n't focus the decision even more , it would be the end of eu . 
  especially since we elected him with a landslide after protesting in the streets for 2 weeks, 
  somebody said that the next prime minister should be the hungarian minority leader . 
  the hungarian guy responded with `` what 's he smoking '' ? 
  it 's like a sitcom really . 
  okkkay ... just do go on us like you went on greece when they fucked up . 
  last time you did n't even pay for the products we gave you guys ... how can it work ? 
  but slovakia has under 10 % hungarians , it seems weird to me to say that they can grow the slovak economy by importing hungarian speaking people . 
   biggest amount of population speaking hungarian why does this matter ? 
  heh , our capital of millions can not have a proper bypass ... that says a lot about our leaders . 
  they are so close to germany ... 
  unless we develop to be the switzerland of the east , we 'll never be able to catch them . 
  dude , plants do n't grow in the winter . 
  over the entire year the agriculture makes up to about 5 %, 
  new macedonia, 
  for germany it is n't because whatever you invest in renewables comes back as lucrative business for your own factories ( siemens and al ) , same goes for usa and china . 
  for a country that does n't produce the tech , this is a double expense lose-lose , for you it 's lose-win, 
  the stupid thing is romania would vote in a referendum for this , but moldovans would n't . 
  or at least that is what polls suggest . 
  they do n't want to be coupled with one of the poorest country in eu , gypsies and romanians in general . 
  soviet brainwashing is a powerful tool . 
  they still basically occupy half of moldova ( even though they only have armies in transnistria ), 
  those immigrant numbers are tiny compared to what the country could build . 
  10 % increase over many years is really not that much for a developed country . 
  they would just have to relax zoning laws , or create new zone altogether . 
  plus , the immigrants are propping up a population that would otherwise stagnate or decline , so previous increase by native population are now increases with immigrants . 
  i am going on a limb here , but i think the increase in living conditions took a big toll as well . 
  people no longer live with 5 kids in 2 bedrooms like before . 
  that 's why london just recently ( 2015 iirc ) recovered to the pre-war ( wwii ) population . 
  people in london complaining about immigrants taking up their homes are not looking where they should . 
  nah , you should keep ruling with a week manority and then trigger another election 3 weeks before closing the brexit deal . 
  tbh i think spain will take advantage of the situation to do some changes on the gib border . 
  they would be fools not to . 
  finally a reform introduced by romania, 
  she 's did n't even win yet ... and even if she did . . it 's not such a big deal for europeans , it 's not like she 's unique or anything in this sport, 
  at least we 're not balkan , 10/10 would do it again, 
  yeah , so you wo n't be so affected by oil prices swings . 
  anyway , i think euro is bad in its current form , except for a few countries like germany . 
  ecb can not suit everyone , so they will go helping/protecting the biggest economy . 
  the bank of england injected 250 billions the next day after the referendum while ecb took years of imploring from southern countries to start printing money against german wish . 
  yeah , but in 50 years oil will be irellevant , with renewables and evs , at least for sea extraction . 
  my point is on the long term trend . 
  of course farmland is not barren in europe now , but would gradually become so without subsidies , or we would have huge monocultures american style . 
  all the taxi drivers in romania get dacia because they are cheap and reliable and with a good gas mileage . 
  they drive them 200k km with no issues whatsoever . 
  with some ( cheap ) extra care they can go up to 300k . 
  it 's actually incredibly reliable for such a cheap car , i was surprised myself . 
  the downside is it 's not such a comfortable or safe car . 
  on day-long drives you 'll feel it , and it does n't protect you as well as more expensive cars in a crash . 
  but why so much russophobia guys ? 
  they never did anyone wrong . 
  edit : it seems like i need an explicit / s, 
  the main reason for subsidies is cheap imports . 
  you can not compete with nigerian farmers making 3500 usd a year or with argentinian farmers making 6000 a year . 
  if you let free market truly free , then you would have barren landscapes and no farms in europe . 
  while this would be slightly cheaper than subsidies on short term , we prefer to keep alive farming for : * food security * to be able to regulate and eat healthy food ( no gmo , shady pesticides etc. ), 
  * keep alive village traditions * keep alive rural tourism, 
   nationalizing industry ai n't too correlated with economic success in countries for western europe it works quite well : the best rail system in europe is state owned , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_federal_railways while privatized ones like uk , usa , germany are in the shambles . 
  norwegian oil is extracted by the state https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statoil and went to create the wealthiest state fund in the world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_pension_fund_of_norway that is 892 billions for 5 million people . 
  they created 178 000 usd for each citizen . 
  compare that to the uk oil , which had similar reserves in the north sea , but went on to give it away to private ( bp ) https://resourcegovernance.org/blog/did-uk-miss-out-%c2%a3400-billion-worth-oil-revenue france 's edf is one of the biggest energy producers in the world , providing france with 70 % nuclear electricity https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89lectricit%c3%a9_de_france there are many other examples like these . 
  the point is , if you are not a corrupt ex-communist , ex-colony country , state ownership can go a long way . 
  and they propose that in the uk because after privatization the quality dropped significantly for royal mail and rail services .
