  it was also the case in germany after they privatized the rail transport . 
  if 37 % of a particular group of drivers want to kill other drivers they do n't agree with , would you still let those kind of drivers behind a wheel ? 
  for uk http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/6309983.stm it 's even worse for source countries of recent refugees : http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/04/27/the-divide-over-islam-and-national-laws-in-the-muslim-world/ sharia law means killing of the aphostates , adulterers etc. 
  there is no silver bullet , that is for sure , and it 's going to take a long time . 
  this means we should start already , rather than predending there is no problem . 
  theresa may did threaten eu they 'll stop cooperating on security because british intelligence and anti-terror is so much better than the rest . 
  the irony, 
   there was group of nazi terrorists killing immigrants 10 years ago . 
  i totally forgot about those, 
  when i am making the comparison to nazis , i am thinking eadical islamism and hate preaching , not muslims in general . 
  it 's not a small part or them , a quarter would lile sharia law to be implemented , with younger people having a higher percentage . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law when almost half of your youth wants sharia law ( meaning it 's going upwards ) , you have a problem and denazification style does n't seem too harsh to me . 
  i specifically said murders , not hate crimes . 
  i know in the years after wwii there were many incidents where nazis would kill people . 
  but you had that crazy denazification and it worked . 
  the murders stopped after a while . 
  am i wrong ? 
  i do n't see why you ca n't do the same with extremist preaching islamists at the moment . 
  it 's not going to be 100 % , but it 's better than having them stay on benefits while preaching , and appear in documentaries as jihadis only to go on rampage 2 years later . 
  not even that , even securing the external border with serbia was seen as nazi style . 
  it 's also known that there are jihadis among refugees . 
  it 's also known that second generation mena refugees are the worst at integrating in society . 
  do they still kill people on the streets ? 
  when did the killings stopped ? 
  i guess you had quite some harsh measures and they stopped after 10-15 years ? 
  anyway it 's not comparable , there were many more nazis to begin with , and all the families had someone loat in the war , not to mention a country in ruins . 
   yeah , i know i 'm just being selfish . 
  most ~ ~ syrians and middle-eastern ~ ~ people just want to live regular lives . 
  much of european history summarized, 
  tbh i can not foresee a russian land aggression against any of the 2 countries without a nato response . 
  i guess it 's more about arctic resources now . 
  lol what ? 
  they are british citizens , why does syria have to pay in blood our inability to tackle the issue ? 
  if they go in syria they wo n't take the plane to damascus ( if planes still land there ) . 
  they will go in turkey and illegally cross the border , giving syrians no chance to capture them . 
  all preaching of people killing , yes . 
  hell , it 's even in the bible , but you do n't hear priests preaching that . 
  that is how they stopped nazis in germany after wwii . 
  made everything illegal . 
  well of course , we are more in favor of jailing someone for promoting isis or nazis than someone down talking about a random issue that happens to be non politically correct . 
  i see nothing wrong in that , we are being invaded by these extremists , we need a harder approach . 
  if i go in public and try to convince other people that killing all jews will make the world a better place i will get in trouble . 
  but if these guys talk about killing non-believers , that is just fine , they can even appear on national tv . 
  uk means uk kingdom, 
  not really  if you want to preach , by definition you must talk to other people about what you preach , multiple , many times . 
  enough to gather witnesses , reports and recordings of said preaching . 
  we can start with this , much easier than putting a lie detector on all suspects . 
  but there seems to be a lack of political will to do this , to pass the laws allowing this to happen . 
  the politicians were more focus in the last 10 years how to reduce eastern european numbers and how to exit eu ... beats me . 
   but so do freedom of speech if you speak openly about killing people or promoting an organization that does so , freedom of speech stops . 
  lie detector ? 
  he displayed the flag in public and made clear threats , jail time automatically . 
  yeah , cause syrians would love more terrorists grown in europe , while they get bombed by the same europe . 
  saudi arabia has ** only ** sharia law , that 's a big difference, 
  but symbolically it 's not about that . 
  we did n't set the celebration on the trianon date , or on the occupation of budapest date , or when our army liberated transilvania . 
  it was the date when delegates from all the settlements gathered and created the declaration . 
   because why not because they were n't hungarian lands ... it 's not like it was at the whim of great powers . 
  indeed it was . 
  it was too much for hungary to control in the first place , which they did so poorly https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magyarization, 
  so after being under russian rule for so many years , how would you like a romanian arguing that russia have n't chopped enough of your territory in wwii ? 
  but you see this pattern everywhere except 2 counties . 
  even in the mountains , deep forest etc. 
  villages , where mongols could have never went . 
  where people even speak romanian using the closer to latin word forms . 
  it 's little cause they do n't like being mentioned how they lost their capital, 
  it was the general case with europeans fighting the ottomans . 
  they would always inflate numbers excessively and then claim victory against much bigger forces . 
  romanian battles are also overestimated iirc, 
  whenever there is a heat wave i do hear `` global warming '' . 
  now that there is a cold wave , i hear it with an / s. 
  not very consistent, 
  that 's a golden one, 
  geographically / s, 
  ouch, 
  that seems a little too small, 
  they did n't even surrender hawaii , a non state at the time . 
  western europe sold us to nazis and commies without a second thought https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal and it 's not a thing of the past . 
  how could we give up our military to be ruled by the germans , while their chancelor goes ahead to be gazprom 's manager ? 
  you think they did n't talk before that ? 
  look how much shit americans are giving to the guys talking to russians , there was no issue in germany . 
  there was some mixing , as it is inevitable , but culturally they are quite separate . 
  they see all the other * people * as impure , not touchable . 
  so culturally if you are a gypsy trying to get closer to romanians , you will be excluded from your community . 
  that is why they have n't integrated for hundreds of years . 
  and after our people died like idiots to save the russian army , they planned to capture our king on the way back to russia . 
  so king carol had to flee bucharest and hide somewhere in the mountains , ca n't remember where . 
  great allies !, 
  gypsy consider other races/cultures impure , that is why they do n't try to integrate . 
  might be a reason why they complain about romanians . 
   get over it : in 1940 , we gave up that territory willingly , * please mister stalin , take half of moldova from us , they drink too much and lazy , deport them to gulags if you will * you are ridicoulos . 
  yeah , but it wo n't happen with the big bear 's breath on our back . 
  i for one am happy with romania in the safest position in 1000 years . 
  so we were in nato in 1940 ? 
  was moldova in 1992 ? 
  was georgia or ukraine ? 
  oh , lets do how we are told and just suck on russian dick , otherwise they might invade , nice attitude . 
  that wo n't change anytime soon , would it ? 
  dude , it literally happened to us 70 years ago . 
  it happened again in transnistria in 90s , in georgia in 2008 and now in ukraine .
