  this , i really do n't understand how brexit supporters can contradict themselves in every phrase . 
  by all means , uk can leave eu , but do n't use these nonsense arguments . 
  the children problem is getting better every year , it was caused mostly by lack of money in general . 
  the stray dogs issues are also gone , unfortunately a 4 year old had to die to make local authorities bypass ngos `` protecting '' the innocent animals . 
  people in general are getting better . 
  we still lag behind on bureaucracy , corruption , infrastructure , hospitals and schools . 
  exactly , but not pregnancies , because those take 9 months to develop , actual child labor !, 
  :d fewer people should die on the road than babies born in cars while on the way to hospital :p ( i was just thinking at corruption and added road deaths afterwards ) . 
  you must also count ressurections as well , because you know ... transilvania . 
  it 's a complex indicator , but the domestic part is important , from the report pdf : political instability , political terror scale , level of violent crime , likelihood of violent demonstrations , number of jailed population per 100,000 people etc. 
  i think the external policy does n't make much of a difference in eu contries , as we tend to go together , except france and uk , which like to bomb others by themselves . 
  romania is amazing as a road trip destination , you can easily allow for a week to visit some stuff . 
  we do n't have the louvre or materhorn , but mildly interesting scenic things all over the place . 
  try to not get killed by iddiots on the road though :(, 
  i call bullshit on happy nation , we are ( like most easterners ) scarred from communism and very stressed compared to the western people http://www.livescience.com/50614-happiest-countries-list.html, 
  hooligans will be hooligans , i have yet to see a full blown street fight with flying chairs in romania . 
  they usually end the fights at the stadium , then police escorts them on separate routes until they disperse . 
  we do n't have this : * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayu94a_4grg * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3i_qwgprz0 i do n't know , maybe it 's different in bulgaria , but in romania the riot police beats the shit out of them if they become too violent . 
  they are criticized for that , but you must pay a price for getting up in the peace index , 
  umm , second highest salaries in europe after switzerland ? 
  you know , the guy that serves you the 10 euros beer must take home a couple thousands euros or starve . 
  what does this have to do with the peace thing ? 
  people do n't expect this because of gypsies , but actually romania is a pretty safe country , feels safer than a lot of western cities . 
  we have our low-life criminals , but mostly they do petty crimes and assaults between themselves , which go unreported . 
  if we could only bring corruption and road deaths down to sustainable levels i would be so happy !, 
  imo it 's more damaging to drag this process rather than be over with . 
  uncertainty is worse for new investments than a bad deal altogether , the government should have triggered art 50 in june , as initially planned . 
  i think the only reason to postpone this is to wait for enough political events to happen to make people change their minds and have another referendum . 
  unfortunately people do n't realize that those countries would benefit from abiding to eu laws in matters like corruption , organized crime , environment . 
  look at the map , they are a small island surrounded by hungary , croatia , romania , bulgaria greece . 
  the people wanting to migrate from those countries is already west , there wo n't be a huge wave of migrants . 
  eu laws and europol and whatnot could really help albania clean up it 's act and stop the gangs creating trouble in europe at the moment . 
  edit : people do n't realize how small these countries are : all of the non-eu balkans means 14 mil people , compared to ~ 20 for romania , or 40 for poland https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=sp_pop_totl&amp;idim=country:srb:hrv:bih&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_pop_totl&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:srb:bih:alb:mne:rom:pol&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false, 
  it amazes me that franco and spain did not enter the war , at least to get gibraltar back . 
  it 's not even that , before admission there were a series of shady deals with the `` clean westerners '' that they did n't even try to hide : biggest oil company and oil reserves sold to austrians , biggest steel mill to british ( we also bought their scrap level frigates ) , us 's bechtel build 50 km of highway for 1 billion dollars , the greeks got the national telecom company . 
  the austrians also got the biggest bank . 
  we did n't hide anything , they just accepted it and bought us altogether . 
  we have a joke in romania : the geography teacher asks the student : which countries border russia ? 
  answer : russia borders with whoever they want !, 
  misleading title . 
  they fight over holding the referendum that would introduce in the constitution the ban of equal marriage rights . 
  even if this does n't pass and we do n't alter the constitution , it 's gon na be another 10 years until equal marriage will be put to vote . 
  if this referendum is held and the thing passes , gay people will have to wait for a constitutional change again . 
  social democrats in romania have nothing to do with the european socialists . 
  the party was the moral continuation of the communist party and are in general conservative and nationalists . 
  the only left wing side they have is populist measures in election years , anyhow their leaders are among the richest people in the country . 
  because of this , the other party/parties struggle to find an identity , as they have to fill in both socialist , progressive and liberal doctrines at the same time . 
  i know for sure you can `` trick '' romanian visa that way : going for a coffee 30 minutes in hungary would extend your period with some months . 
  i do n't know about germany , though , we are not in schengen, 
  i agree it 's mostly useless , but some factors are revealed by this statistics . 
  in communist europe women became equal to men much sooner and much more profound compared to the west . 
  it 's no surprise in romania to go to an engineering university and have 30-40 % women . 
  what 's wrong with that video ? 
  i did n't knew it was 1 mil homes ... cause most of the city center is intact . 
  as opposed to that , if you go in any german city you wo n't find one standing original building , all have been rebuilt at least partially . 
  so i guess it 's a matter of perspective . 
  there 's plenty of cities like that . 
  paris was untouched , bruges the same . 
  london was mostly ok , there are many many cities left intact by the war , only to be disfigured by modern buildings . 
  in germany on the other hand , i do n't think there is any city left untouched by carpet bombing . 
  if you had a plan , would you reveal it to the public before the public of both countries is prepared and accepting the idea of it ? 
  politicians got so scared of prosecutors that they do n't do any projects . 
  maybe they would like to start some new ones , cause a lot is needed , but few know how to spend money in a completely legal and failsafe way . 
  all hail to the prosecutors of dna ( directia nationala anticoruptie ) !, 
  vlad fought the turks , cleared the country of thieves and almost got independence , what 's wrong about that ? 
  ps : he is one of the most acclaimed national heroes for romanians , just that he got a bad rep because of jealous germans writing about him further west . 
  have you seen the news ? 
  with the 10 bn hole in the budged for september ? 
  in this case it 's the same really , all barriers will be put in place after 2 years . 
  then uk must convince 27 states comprising ~ 35 parliaments that the deal is good . 
  and remember , none of those parliaments can look as making concessions to uk , the deal must * look * bad for uk , otherwise whoever approves such a deal will commit political suicide . 
  it goes both ways : think of how * easy * will the uk strike a deal with eu . 
  in the end , eu is a protectionist single market , similar with japan . 
  it will fight for it 's own members and interests . 
  run after the mermaids ? 
  what if the people in this case are politicians ? 
  she 's from '42 mate, 
  do n't you need to learn some history and anthem and crap like that ? 
  yeah , and people would always switch to the provider with the better speeds , because they wanted their pirated movies faster , dammit !, 
  switching to a new provider sometimes meant allowing the guy to host a hub/switch/router in your apartment for a discounted subscription ... 
  ee do n't know political correctness and say whatever they think . 
  british are very polite so you ca n't see that in fact so many are xenophobes to the point of firebombing romanian and polish shops . 
  also because cameron said he will trigger art 50 immediately, 
  have you ever wondered why they have n't moved already close to the continent in switzerland , norway , turkey or others ? 
  true , but also , no eu country has to prove anything politically to canada , most politicians want this deal . 
  eu can not afford to even look like they are bending over for uk , that would be the end of the union . 
  being in a rush to please the uk brexiteers would be political suicide in eu , as shown by the polls and by all leaders declarations so far . 
  tell that to canada, 
  that might be true , reduced taxation for tariffs . 
  but tariffs are not the biggest problem in world trade . 
  i bet you eu will have a tariff free relation with uk anyway cause it 's in their advantage . 
  regulation and other non-tariff trade barriers are far more important than 2-3 % tariff , that 's nothing . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-tariff_barriers_to_trade#examples_of_non-tariff_barriers_to_trade this guy explains some part of it better : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6f0inyjpdc in the case of cars it gets much much worse for non-eu manufacturers : there are even market share quotas imposed to japanese cars . 
  it 's virtually impossible to sell non-eu manufactured cars in eu in any kind of large volume . 
  that is the reason japanese car makers build cars in uk and sell them across eu in the first place . 
  no amount of tax reduction can make up for the fact they wo n't be able to sell their cars !, 
  i think you got this backwards : the prime-minister is under heavy pressure from japanese manufacturers , the workers ( they do n't want to lose the jobs ) and the public ( to not look like a failure ) to keep the factories in uk . 
  because of this pressure , the government will be squeezed by the eu for any kind of concession for car manufacturing . 
  remember , if they do n't reach an agreement , nissan can easily move to southern/eastern europe ( yes , today it 's easy to move a factory ) where they can even make saving based on lower salaries . 
   and yes , infrastructure is an important factor for where businesses set up shop .
