  when you factor in the fact that they could pay less salaries in eastern europe for the next 10 years , it already looks better . 
  he has a point though , 30-50 million people love erdogan , this is not seem as acceptable by other europeans . 
  so you 're telling me a guy pursuing a healthy lifestyle like this one over here https://youtu.be/ecjrr6lnyc4?t=12s will get normal treatment , but a person with depression who finds it hard to lose weight wo n't ? 
  that is easy to explain - there is literally no way you can produce more organs for transplant without going over some moral limits . 
  on the other hand you can just fund nhs properly instead of making cuts and this problem would go away . 
   `` patients undergoing surgery for cancer will not be affected '' and its clinicians would `` identify other groups of patients who should be exceptions to the policy '' . 
  it 's not just elective, 
  we used to have lots of romanians in the french foreign legion , not sure about the current state . 
  well , in 1918 the half of moldova occupied by imperial russia came to unite with romania on it 's own accord . 
  in 1940 russia occupied eastern moldova again - with tens of thousands of deportations . 
  it was liberated by romania going to war against stalin in 1941 . 
  after the red army pushed the germans back in 1944 , it went again under russian occupation , with even harsher deportations , killings and induced famine . 
  the ' 46 - '47 famine alone killed 300 000 people , ~ 10 % of the population . 
  today we still have living people that went through that hell , how do you want us not to complain ? 
  if you say it 's ridiculous , just think how many social and cultural exchanges we have between romania and serbia . 
  i can assure you transilvanians are more connected to austria and bavaria than serbia . 
  ngo 's funding anti-russia jurnalists ? 
  do you actually believe this or you 're just a putin bot ? 
  there'a no need fot that , there are plenty of anti-russia people but not because they are paid , but because of russian politics . 
  it was a period when immigrants were coming to romania , usually as skilled workers or even engineers for the booming factories we had . 
  many of these territories being romanian , polish etc. 
  i am sorry , i ca n't find the source , it was something along the lines `` this is the last concession we are making to the uk '' . 
  i did n't know any country could have invoked the benefits emergency break , after all it was to come in effect only after the referendum , so i assumed it was for uk alone . 
  yeah , but anything including services ( what uk wants ) is gon na be tied with migration ( what most eu wants ) , so essentially the common market . 
  it was all over the news and in all debates . 
  in the polls it was usually just after deciding own laws . 
  http://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/06/how-the-united-kingdom-voted-and-why/ i do n't think anyone in their right mind is happy that brexit happens , this ca n't be good for the economy . 
  and moreover , eu can not give a good deal to uk , that would be the death sentence of the union . 
   david cameron is campaigning for britain to remain in the eu after securing a deal he claims will give the country `` special status '' in the 28 nation bloc . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35622105 also i ca n't find the quote on the phone , but eu specifically said this bemergency break is only available to uk alone . 
  brits voted mostly to get the eastern europeans out . 
  mostly at the pledge of a guy who said ' i do n't want to have romanian neighbours ' . 
  but we should n't take it personally , got it . 
  there will be trade , no one says otherwise . 
  but trade is not the same as common market . 
   asked the group to different things meaning more special treatment and advantages for his own personal interest . 
  uk was already a snowflake in eu wuth so many rebates ( 7 billion per year ) , protection for the city and exemptions . 
  dacia is still worse than vw though, 
  they are very reliable up to 200k km even on our bad roads . 
  that is why all taxis use it . 
  ofc the confort and safety in case of an accident is not as a vw , but it does n't break as often as many ` quality ' cars . 
  australia, 
  yes my brother , we 'll all be soon be part of the pan-slavic world , it wo n't be long until spanish is the official us language , the circle is complete . 
  there are some laws in place against misinformation , but they are not very enforced because freedom of speech : one day you fine one , one day the other , next thing you know you end up like turkey . 
  we have plenty of journalists lying blatantly every single day - there are some civil lawsuits for defaimation . 
  we have journalists publishing illegally obtained information , but they are protected by law and mare not forced to divulge their source . 
  i am happy that media has this freedom . 
  in this case the police got involved because sky news triggered the antitero units by spreading false information . 
  we have a penal law that makes spreading false information in regards to national security punishable . 
  it 's the same thing as calling a bomb threat for the sake of making a story - this crosses the line between regular lying and prison time lying . 
  it 's also the russians who might oppose the move . 
  romania would accept politically in 3 seconds , but where to house the big guys ( planes + all the soldiers to guard the bombs ) ? 
  maybe campia turzii ? 
  i 'm literally belly laughing, 
  f you !, 
  do n't forget the 1870 war with the germans when a perfectly good army was surrendered , only to have the paris civilians hold the city in the following siege ( until they were starved ), 
  can we stop ( re ) posting shit maps ? 
  it was the communists that exiled them , in 1947 . 
  we still treat them better than the west , where you do n't even allow them to camp illegally . 
  if we demolish an illegal camp we have the biggest racism scandal from the western media . 
  never experienced any of this , what city is it ? 
  i lived all my life in +20 % hungarian minority places . 
  actually it happened once that while speaking with 2 colleagues one spoke hungarian to his mate , but the other kept responding in romanian , funny times , 
  do you have any source for this claim ? 
  car theft is virtually nonexistent in romania , i doubt our guys could do in west what they did n't learn at home . 
  we have our problems and bad people , no need to invent crimes we did n't do . 
  compare with hungary for example , i personally know 2 people having their cars stolen in budapest : http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/crime/auto-theft, 
  vaseline or butter ? 
  oh yes , the beggars and thieves are romania 's greatest economic asset , good spot !, 
   massive wage growth without matching productivity performance dude , we have one of the lowest wage vs capital gdp component in all of eu . 
  whereas most places have total wages make up 60 % of gdp , we are at most 30-40 % . 
  we still have to increase salaries with 50 % at the same gdp level to match eu . 
  romanians are basically paid in their country half the wage for the same productivity compared to a german worker . 
  no wonder the brain drain . 
   balkans nope, 
  in uk and us secretary of state = = our foreign affairs minister, 
  just to clarify , in romania we call ` state secretary ' around 100 people in the government directly under ministers or prime minister . 
  this guy is in the commision that supervises mass-media content . 
  they sanction stations that do n't follow the rules , like racism , air times for adult movies , right to respond etc. 
  yeah it 's the wrong translation . 
  in romania we call ` state secretary ' around 100 people in the government directly under ministers or prime minister . 
  or just allow anyone to build on his land , 
  6000 people is not that much for a country of 20 mils , really . 
  getmany has a way bigger issue with 1 milion and more people wanting to settle there . 
  germany has a pop of 80 mils . 
  100 % opinion on an issue is a bad thing , it 's always good to have a minority report . 
  the comments gave me cancer, 
  we have such a similar history up to a point , we even kept our end of the deal and allowed the poles to retreat through romania in 39 - thus saving the exile government , soldiers and the treasure . 
  i do n't understand why in the current years poland and romania are so apart . 
  moldova is not really lawless , at least in the last years . 
  if you go in transnistria it might be different though . 
  there would have been no civil war , romanians despised the communists and russian policies even before that . 
  fear of bolshevism and russia is what drove us into their borders in 41 . 
  if instead of hitler the devil himself would have proposed to become allies against russia we would have went with the devil . 
  the only reason they managed to instate communism was the russian army and systematic destruction of old systems and elites . 
  we did have our armed resistance in the mountains up until the 60s https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/rezisten%c8%9ba_anticomunist%c4%83_din_rom%c3%a2nia, 
  on the day they had his issue on the table nevertheless . 
  he did won 2 times the elections being president for 10 years . 
  he also survived 2 referendums that could have impeached him . 
  while in office he was much more balanced and was always prepared in public appearances .
