he has connections to the west before the elections . 
  i wonder how they will influence him when he becomes president . 
  looks almost like this https://i.imgur.com/rma1pod.jpg, 
  start paying taxes kiddo and cringe at your comments from the past . 
  eu migrants integrate pretty well in every european country . 
  going the easy way for / r/europe karma ? 
  or tusk is thinking `` we fucked up , and they are leaving '' . 
  i thought it was the other way around, 
  do we know if he had any eu connections during this candidate period ? 
  another sign that socialism does n't work as expected . 
  it 's a turkish or ottoman military rank https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reis_ ( military_rank ), 
  a heavy bias that does n't represent the quality i guess . 
  still , i do n't feel like watching it . 
  i wonder how much time he spends per day to keep his languages . 
  when i do n't use english for a month or so i already have problems finding words during conversations . 
  but that was not real socialism/communism !, 
  did i mention soros ? 
  you must be a conspirator by bringing him up !!, 
  even ~ ~ i ~ ~ if every capital had 4000 protesters you still would n't call it `` europe wakes up '' . 
  how many % of people is 5000 in cologne ? 
  subtract the number by those who traveled there because in their hometown is no protest/march . 
  i find it nonsense that somebody would call this `` movement '' something big . 
  media calling it that way is at the same time the reason why there are such conspiracies . 
  edit : a word, 
  your comment made me think on this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tz7a19ckks, 
  such a big protest . 
  20.000 people in 50 cities !!!, 
  ** 20.000 / 50 = 400 per city ** how many people do really believe this is a grassroots movement ? 
  le pen : `` i do n't want to be vice-chancellor of madame merkel '', 
  one more reason to state your opinion . 
  who 's number 1 ? 
  please let it be taiwan . 
  this soros funded protest is very fake . 
  i am ready to enter into a serious discussion , but seeing you all over the place , posting the same comments multiple times in a threat tells me that the discussion will not be fruitful . 
  you go on writing me one liners like `` name them '' a few times and then `` you are n't willing to start a serious discussion by fucking naming them '' does n't really motivate me to prove you anything . 
  i really do n't care what you think . 
  have some manners or people will respond to you in the same way you do . 
  yes , i think sometimes the / s is not necessary . 
  i give up . 
  there are none . 
  ps : stop spamming me kiddo . 
  you wrote me four times `` name them . 
  i think it would have a better future if it would join western ideology . 
  instead , an artificial state was created with an underlying conflict that was not solved trough education but censured and used for ideological indoctrination . 
  yugoslavia had definitely its positive sides , but it failed to turn a great idea into a democratic reality . 
  now every mention of equality and solidarity with the neighbors is associated with communism that failed , because it is simply an utopia . 
  the leader cult and tolerated corruption influenced the generation that is today in power and lead to the mentality of blaming but not acting . 
  people do n't really fight anymore for their political rights because they are thought to obey corrupt assholes . 
   while i see that the countries of the eu benefit from it , and that there would be definitely losers , europe would not become a poor continent . 
  maybe i am wrong , but please point in this sentence out where i wrote every eu country will be rich like norway and switzerland . 
  also , you have at least one examples right now where a country lives on life support and there 's a good chance that more will follow . 
  sorry , i was wrong . 
  the only first world countries are eu countries . 
  you posted the same fear mongering comment literally 3 times in this threat . 
  that 's a myth . 
  there are other rich countries who are not a part of the eu . 
  while i see that the countries of the eu benefit from it , and that there would be definitely losers , europe would not become a poor continent . 
  there would not be a full stop in diplomatic relations . 
  trade unions could be established . 
  my fear of going on the path we are now is bigger than rethinking our relations . 
  i count probably as `` right '' by today 's definition . 
  my problem with the eu is that countries lose their identity and life style for the sake of tolerance towards muslim cultures . 
  i do n't think simplified islam = bad . 
  it is the small little steps that allowed isolation of children during socialization , all while growing up in a western country . 
  laws pass to integrate cultural elements of islam . 
  also , there 's a huge problem with illegal migration which is n't really taken care of by any politician and those who fucked up want to force other countries to take them . 
  if they do n't then they are shamed as intolerant , not solidary or even financial sanctions should be introduced . 
  because of that i am even fully ready to vote `` leave '' in a possible referendum or vote for parties who are eurosceptic but are serious on this problem . 
  the main problem is , that the leading politicians do almost nothing against it . 
  it is all played down or like there 's no solution for those problems . 
  there are no problems with japanese , chinese , vietnamese , american or other non-isolationist cultures , but there 's a problem with a growing muslim population where the maybe 5 % of people who really cause the problem become larger . 
  intolerant nationalists . 
  it is a symbol for the holy spirit ( the greek word is pneuma ) , which is similar to a divine inspiration . 
  copyright, 
  there should have never been communism in eastern europe . 
  we would be much more civilized today . 
  for many the main argument for communism is , that education was pushed forward . 
  i mean , communism is n't the only way to make education an obligation . 
  for too long it was two steps forward and one back . 
  there needs to be a full stop . 
  there can be a law that makes the parents to bring the child to a second doctor who is picked by the state , but only in the case if the girl misses a certain number of swimming classes . 
  if the parents still refuse to let their daughter have a normal western education than the children service should be alerted . 
  if some eu countries do n't allow home schooling then this kind of socialization of children where they wear special clothes should be forbidden too . 
  edit : also your argument about second rate citizens does n't make sense . 
  so you mean we should tolerate that it goes on for the next generations ? 
  why not making a stop now ? 
  they will suffer anyways . 
  stopping it and sanctioning will at least cut the roots for this problem . 
  if there would be a leitkultur then such endless debates about smallest details would not exist . 
  you have a criteria and if you do n't fulfill it then will be consequences that motivate you or in the worst case kick you out . 
  if the burkini is so important that a child should not go to school then why do n't you migrate to a country where your views are accepted ? 
  i am all for the european union , but first the migration problem should be solved . 
  i have nothing against multiculturalism as long it is only european cultures . 
  i am against incompatible cultures , like making laws that make a path for muslim influence in our public life ( i.e. 
  allowing burkinis for swimming classes in school , wearing hijab in public organizations , halal food in cantina etc. ), 
  the eu needs a leitkultur . 
  if you do n't agree with it as a migrant from outside of the eu and want your values integrated then fuck off and look for somewhere else . 
  if you want to stay you have to fully agree with the culture and laws of your new home country . 
  it should be much harder to find a home here . 
  simply marring a partner with eu citizenship should not be enough .
