  but the right wing side of this sub always tells me that basically all leftists are like this , so i guess there have to be a few that are actually this dense . 
  that 's not what / u/gerrit8500 said , though . 
  * he * ca n't tell the difference . 
  neither can i. i ca n't tell a lot of ethnicities apart . 
  that does n't make me racist . 
  the worst you can call me based on that is ignorant and even that is a stretch . 
  i 'm one of the more leftist people in this sub and * i 'm * not 100 % this is n't satire . 
  poe 's law , i guess . 
  the reasoning behind it is quite simple : capital punishment and torture are prohibited by the constitution . 
  you only get asylum if you are likely to be killed or tortured in your home country . 
  sending someone with asylum back to their country for a crime they committed here is directly condoning them being tortured or killed and is therefore unconstitutional . 
  we also do not extradite criminals to countries if they could face the death penalty there ( such as the us ) . 
  i honestly do n't see how this could possibly be controversial . 
  the principles of our modern [ rechtsstaat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rechtsstaat ) are literally our highest values . 
  our constitution explicitly guarantees these rights to everybody , not just citizens . 
  i really do n't mean any offence by this , but it boggles my mind how this could possibly be even up for debate . 
  to add to / u/paladin8 's post : you have to use the minimal force necessary to * safely * escape a dagerous situation . 
  that means you do n't have to take any additional risks . 
  if a reasonable person would think that using less force would result in a risk to you , you do n't have to do that . 
  you also * do not have to flee * . 
  you will be charged with a crime if you use excessive force , but will not be punished if you misjudged the necessary force out of confusion or fear . 
  depends on their status . 
  normal migrants can be deported , asylum seekers and refugees ca n't . 
  normal migrants can be deported if they were sentenced to prison for more than 3 years . 
  the geneva refugee convention and the german constitution allows deportation of refugees guilty of serious crimes ( such as murder ) , but the german implementation of these laws does not . 
  crimes do also not influence the decision about their asylum application . 
  in practice though , very few people are actually deported for crimes . 
  they are mostly just processed by the german justice system like every other criminal and will get locked up in a german prison . 
  i agree , this is n't illegal and if this was indeed procecuted or even just removed then that 's a problem . 
  do you know of a case where something like that was removed ? 
  i 've seen a few removed comments and they were n't anywhere near mere opinion or even `` normal '' racism . 
  they were all instances of dictionary definition volksverh\u00e4tzung . 
  sorry , did n't even realize it was there . 
  i just copy pasted the link from another page . 
   in york , excluding sundays , it is perfectly legal to shoot a scotsman with a bow and arrow . 
  that 's probably an urban myth . 
  all articles that say this give either no source or link to another article with no source . 
  it probably started with [ this book ] ( http://www.amazon.com/dp/0749950366 ) which states  and in york , it is said , it is perfectly legal to shoot a scotsman with a bow and arrow . 
  there are also a million versions of it . 
  it 's always : it 's legal in [ city in the uk ] to shoot a [ welshman/irishman/scotsman ] [ with a/who 's carrying a ] bow and arrow , but [ only on/not on ] a [ sunday/saturday ] . 
   we simply seem okay with the fact that `` marriage '' is supposedly a religious thing and so wo n't force churches to perform that . 
  that 's an especially weak argument and makes no sense in germany , because legally , marriage is completely secular here . 
  it 's a contract between two people and the state . 
  churches do n't perform legal marriages , weddings in church are purely ceremonial . 
  legalizing same sex marriage would have absolutely no legal impact on any religious institution . 
  there are significant differences , the biggest being that there is no shared adoption rights for civil partnerships . 
  it 's also not protected by the constitution , so a particularly conservative future government could theoretically abolish it . 
  the fact that germany is lacking so much behind its western neighbors is an absolute disgrace . 
  firstly , our view might be skewed by tv and movies . 
  those usually take place in the big cities on the coasts , especially new york , where irish and italian ancestry is the most common , while both english and german ancestry is below average . 
  while there is a large population of germans in california , it 's mostly in the rural parts and not so much in los angeles and bay area . 
  so it 's quite possible that german and english decedents are simply underrepresented in the media . 
  secondly for germans , there are the world wars . 
  during both wars , people with german ancestry were often accused of spying for the germans , a lot were incarcerated and interned , so they were often forced to abandon their heritage . 
  there was a concentrated effort to eliminate and americanize german culture . 
  german books were removed from the libraries , german streets renamed.the percentage of german speakers dropped significantly because many places outlawed the german language in schools . 
  living on the edge of the weihnachtsmann/christkind divide was confusing as a child . 
  especially since there 's also the nikolaus , which looks a lot like the weihnachtsmann , but is actually a totally different person . 
  still brings gifts though . 
  no wonder no child believes in them , that all makes no sense . 
  get your folklore straight , adults . 
  \\* shakes tiny fist angrily \\*, 
  we 're having raclette on christmas eve and pot roast on december 25th . 
  based on the responses i get , you are in the minority here . 
  child support is for the child . 
  if the father gets custody , he gets child support . 
  alimony is for the person who chose to stay at home raising the children instead of having a career . 
  if you were a stay at home dad , you get alimony . 
  ah , riot reunification . 
  i did n't think of that . 
  let 's see : england annexed scotland and wales , norway annexed sweden and parts of denmark , probably as a response to russia 's invasion of finland , the baltics and belarus . 
  hungary took most of the balkan , but gave her former lands and serbia to the austrians , who were previously conquered by poland . 
  poland was on a roll after they took the czech republic and slovakia . 
  romania , bulgaria and parts of greece were given to the ukraine after all their previous territory was taken by russia . 
  the netherlands decided to just go with it and rename itself to holland , but not before annexing belgium and luxembourg . 
  the syrian conflict was apparently solved by being annexed by iraq . 
  iceland was completely annihilated during the conflict and sank . 
  why are the rioters always men of fighting age ? 
  if these protests are really the voice of the people , where are all the women and children ? 
  these people are n't legit protesters , they are illegal economic agitators . 
  interesting . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  obviously , i would n't be fine with it . 
  but i do n't know if it should be illegal . 
  threatening and intimidating people ( something the sharia police idiots did n't do ) is and should be illegal , but telling immigrants to go back to their country should probably not be . 
  i would condemn it and would be hard pressed to defend their right to do so , though . 
  of course it 's ridiculous , that 's the point of hyperbole . 
  the thing is , people here are pretending as if this is blatantly illegal , which means there must be a case right on the edge of legality . 
  examples like mine are meant to explore this line . 
  if fashion police is clearly legal and sharia police clearly illegal , what is the borderline case ? 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm for freedom of speech and against hypocrisy . 
  every time germany 's hatespeech laws against neo nazis ( which i 'm also against ) come up in this sub , people come out in droves as champions of free speech . 
  but if it 's muslims exercising their rights , nobody has a problem with censorship . 
  i agree that this is a borderline case , that 's why a court checked if it is legal . 
  if a reasonable person was likely to think that they had any real authority it would be illegal . 
  the court found that this is not the case , so it 's not illegal . 
  it 's easy to defend free speech if its about something you agree with , but it only matters if its about something you detest . 
  but that 's the point the court makes . 
  they * did n't * impose real authority .
