   im done with you , have a nice life that 's funny , because i had the impression you had n't even started , considering not one of your post had any substance . 
  you know what , i * do * call you a conspiracy nut . 
  if it quacks like la duck ... 
  it 's not ad-hominem . 
  i did n't even call you a conspiracy nut , i said you are using the same tactics as one , which is demonstrably true . 
  * you * made the claim , * you * have to prove it . 
  if you ca n't or wo n't , your claim is worse than worthless . 
  i called you out for a bullshit debating tactic . 
  saying `` do your own research '' is dishonest because you can just make claim after claim without ever providing any sources and effectively disabling your opponent by drowning them in research that might or might not prove the claim you made . 
  not only is a bad argument , it 's incredibly rude . 
  if it is as easy as you claim to find these sources , why not post a link . 
  if you know what you are looking for , it should n't take more than a few seconds . 
  less time than it takes to make multiple evasive responses to my posts . 
  for the record , i did try to find the video evidence and did n't find it . 
  maybe it 's not as easy to find as you think it is . 
  also a textbook tinfoil hat response . 
  if you did n't care what other people believed and did n't want to convince other people , you would n't have made the post in the first place . 
  this `` do your own research '' line is the standard tactic of conspiracy nuts and a total cop out . 
  if you have sources , provide them . 
  so you knew that it was n't peaceful , why pretend that it was in your op ? 
   atleast one of the policemen seen getting carried from the scene was dressed like a hooligan and had probably been trying to agitate the situation while embedded with the crowd i have n't heard about that and ca n't find it in the news . 
  could you provide a source ? 
   blocking a peaceful protest from marching a few days ago ( with a massive police presense nowhere to be seen on nye ) did not help . 
  you mean the peaceful protest that almost immediately threw fireworks , rocks and bottles at the police , which injured 3 police officers and a journalist ? 
  well , it could be because one was a crime no one predicted on an unprecedented scale for which an already increased police force in comparison to previous years was unprepared , while the other was a planned and announced rally by a group that consists in large parts of hooligans with a history of violence . 
  those events are n't really all that comparable . 
  or , you know , your meaningless conspiracy theory . 
  that 's a good explanation , too . 
  i am a very left leaning person with very left-wing friends at a major german university . 
  so when i read on / r/europe and / r/worldnews how the left wants to censor all free speech , how they invite the whole world to europe out of white/nazi guilt , how they are calling everyone with different opinions nazis and how they wont allow any criticism of islam , i 'm asking myself `` where are they meeting all these crazy leftists ? 
  '' , because that 's not at all what i see on the left . 
  but then i see places like / r/politics that characterize all conservatives as bible thumping , gay hating , racist , bigoted fools , completely blinded and manipulated by the rich , which is as ridiculous as the rights image of me . 
  i can only imagine that conservatives feel the same way i do when they read this . 
  i feel that there is no actual debate going on . 
  everyone is just fighting the straw men they constructed of their opposition . 
  you and / u/whitepalms85 just demonstrated what frustrates me the most about this whole debate ( or any divisive issue for that matter ) . 
  my first impression is that you are both somewhat reasonable moderates of your `` side '' , probably closer to each other in position than you are to your sides extremists . 
  yet you both do n't hesitate to generalize the other side as mainly motivated by hatred or mainly motivated by naive emotions . 
  the only thing this achieves is pushing both sides further apart . 
  it 's the main reason why some subs including this one are so toxic . 
  ok , sounds like a misunderstanding then , although i think it 's easy to read your first post the way i did . 
  i apologize if i made a mistake reading your post . 
  that sentiment is more reasonable , but there are explanations for that too . 
  there was n't enough manpower to handle the events on nye , because the event was absolutely unprecedented . 
  they already doubled the police presence from the previous year , but that was n't enough for crimes on this scale . 
  it 's easy to say `` why was n't done more ? '', 
  in hindsight , but there 's always something more you could do . 
  how much police would 've been appropriate ? 
  triple ? 
  quadruple ? 
  at which point is increasing the police force to protect against a scale of crime no one could have predicted become irresponsible ? 
  one officer for every citizen to follow around will probably drop criminal rates to zero , but that 's hardly an appropriate response to crime . 
  please understand that i 'm not saying that the nye events were handled perfectly by the police , nor that there was n't any mistakes in the planning . 
  but the two events are not comparable . 
  one was a total surprise that overwhelmed the already increased police force , the other a planned and announced protest by a group that consists in large parts of violent hooligans . 
  but you are complaining that the * riot police * is doing their job of controlling a * violent protest * instead of investigating a crime ( which * is n't * their job ) . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  even if they could use the riot police to investigate robberies , sexual harassment and rape , why on earth would that justify letting violent neo-nazi skinheads and hooligans demolish a city as they please ? 
  yes , everyone knows that the police can always only focus on one thing at the time . 
  also , everyone knows that riot police is the best at investigating crime and basically useless at controlling violent protests . 
  / s i seriously do n't unterstand how you got a single upvote . 
  your comment is beyond useless . 
  my new years resolution : calling out more dishonest arguments from `` my side '' . 
  posts like this give the impression that we actually are calling everyone who is n't pro-refugees nazis . 
  it simply is n't true . 
  yes , pegida demos have a large percentage of hooligans and neo-nazi skinheads , but a lot of people are n't . 
  not every concerned citizen is a `` concerned citizen '' . 
  pretending that they are is only pushing them further in that direction . 
  they had already doubled the police presence compared to the previous year . 
  it 's always easy to point out mistakes in hindsight . 
  why did n't they triple it ? 
  quadruple it ? 
  because it did n't seem necessary at the time . 
  so your argument is essentially `` but they started it '' . 
  congratulation , you 're officially able to debate on the level of a 5 year old . 
  for fuck 's sake , read my posts . 
  i never said all deportations violate human dignity . 
  i 'm not having a discussion with someone who does n't agree that deporting someone to a country where they are likely to be murdered or tortured violates human dignity . 
  have you read the constitution ? 
  hate speech laws are absolutely not contradictory to the way freedom of speech is guaranteed by it . 
  the constitution explicitly states the limits of freedom of speech :  these rights shall find their limits in the provisions of general laws , in provisions for the protection of young persons , and in the right to personal honour . 
  we do n't always have the only one correct interpretation of the constitution . 
  but we can differentiate between right and wrong interpretation . 
  there is no right interpretation of  human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  that allows the government to allow and condone , implicitly or explicitly , the torture and murder of a human being . 
  this is absolutely not up for debate . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the options are n't deport them or let them go . 
  the first step before anyone can be deported is to convict them in a german court . 
  how is deporting them reducing the risk any more than locking them up is ? 
  asylum is granted to those who fear death or torture in their home country . 
  denying those asylum would be to violate their human dignity , which is prohibited ** unconditionally by literally the first sentence in our constitution ** . 
  so no , it 's not common sense . 
  it 's fucking unbelievable how many people here will claim that the refugees are incompatible because they do n't share our core values , yet themselves spit on those values the second they get inconvenient . 
  edit : / r/europe . 
  where my most downvoted comment is arguing for abiding by the constitution . 
  keep telling yourself that * they * are the ones incompatible with european values . 
  so introduce capital punishment by proxy ? 
  i 'm still not convinced this is n't just a troll .
