  people suck at estimating how much they eat and burn . 
  it 's apparently translated as [ defamation of organs and representatives of foreign states ( \u00a7 103 stgb ) ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1035 ) , but the german text of the law uses `` beleidigung '' ( = insult ) instead of defamation . 
  defamation is usually translated as `` diffamation '' or more often `` verleumdung '' . 
  neither . 
  for it to be defamation , a reasonable person would have to believe that the statements were true and meant to be perceived as true . 
  it would be quite a hilarious trial though , because the burden of proof of the falsehood of that statement is on the victim . 
  so erdogan would have to prove in court that he is in fact not a goat fucker . 
  for it to be hate speech , it must be capable of inciting crimes or violence . 
  it 's a plain old insult . 
  it is . 
  that was the point of the poem and it is working as intended for b\u00f6hmermann . 
  he even said during the show that the poem was probably illegal . 
  it was n't * really * meant as an insult to erdogan ( at least not primarily ) but was supposed to test and start a discussion about the limits of free speech . 
  but the idea that greeks are lazy and just wanted the hard working german worker to pick up their social security tab , which is the picture painted by parts of the german media , * is * part of the problem . 
  it makes it harder for german politicians to justify anything other than a stance of austerity to their constituency . 
  to be fair , german housing prices are pretty low when adjusted to income compared to our neighbors , according to [ this article ] ( http://www.citylab.com/housing/2015/06/where-europeans-spend-the-most-on-rent-mapped/396833/ ) . 
  even ( or especially ) prices in our expensive cities like munich and hamburg are a joke compared to other western eu cities . 
  are n't bitcoin just as traceable as credit cards ? 
  i mean the transaction log for everything is public , you `` only '' need to match a wallet to a real person . 
  and doing that does n't sound that hard in an age of mass digital surveillance . 
  analogue pizza cheese melts better , gives a nicer texture , can be made without lactose and is cheaper than real cheese . 
  it 's sadly not really available in private person portions , otherwise i 'd probably use it a lot for my homemade pizza . 
  for every * syrian * the eu will take one syrian from the camps . 
  turkey will take everyone else without a trade . 
  this does n't bother me at all . 
  my dad is into genealogy and we 've found some very distant relatives in the us . 
  they were all * so * excited when we contacted them , they all just loved hearing about their connections to the old world . 
  americans proudly proclaiming their german heritage makes me feel kind of patriotic . 
  i 'm just taking it for the compliment it is meant as . 
  so what if they do n't exactly live german culture ? 
  we all love cars and beer , that 's good enough for me . 
  i think the whole `` willkommenskultur '' was also in part meant to prevent another [ rostock-lichtenhagen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) . 
  to 2 . : from what i understand , under the one-for-one plan , we 're only taking one syrian for another syrian that made it through the aegean , turkey will take back every other migrant without a trade . 
  so if 100 people make it to greece , 30 of whom are syrians , europe has to take 30 from the camps in turkey , not 100 . 
   every refugee is a jihadist , according to valev . 
  29-year-old hunter considers his refugee hunting a sporting activity . 
  why wo n't you see him as the hero he really is ? 
   i blew them completely apart , you do n't even have an argument left haha , yeah right . 
  and i live in a fantasy bubble . 
  so how is sending them to camps in a different country different than sending them to camps in turkey ? 
  you know what , do n't bother . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if sending ** everybody ** back will `` see zero decrease in the numbers arriving '' , then what * is * going to help ? 
  it is the closest we can come to effectively closing the outer border without straight up shooting people . 
  you have yet to make a single coherent argument against my points , but please , tell me more about how ridiculously naive i am . 
  so what you 're saying is that it really does n't matter what we do , they 'll come anyway ? 
  and that you disregard and downvote anyone with a german flair , because as we all know , germans have collectively lost their mind ? 
  which would still require 750k altruistic syrians to pay huge amounts of money for something they personally do n't benefit from . 
   swapping 100k migrants for 100k refugees is not a solution the one-for-one deal is only for syrians . 
  we do n't have to take a syrian for a migrant , only for every syrian . 
  that means if 30 % are syrian , we 're swapping 100k migrants for 30k refugees . 
   guy a boats to greece . 
  guy a gets swapped with refugee b in turkey . 
  guy a boats to greece again under a new name . 
  guy a gets swapped with refugee c from turkey . 
  are syrian refugees the most altruistic people on the planet ? 
  why would they pay thousands and risk their lives for people they do n't even know ? 
  what does guy a * personally * get out of this ? 
  where does he get the money to do this ? 
  people caught illegally crossing the aegean will go to the back of the list of the one-for-one deal . 
  not only does it not benefit them personally , it 's costing them huge amounts of money , they risk their lives and * it 's actively hurting their chances to get to europe * . 
  ** it makes no sense . 
  how does it incentivize illegal immigration ? 
  why would they risk their lives and pay thousands if they 're going to be send back if caught ? 
  so that somebody else who they do n't know gets in to the eu ? 
  even if they 're not caught in greece , they ca n't apply for asylum in another country . 
  it makes no sense . 
  besides , taking them directly from turkey means we can choose and vet who we take . 
  i do n't understand why people are so negative about that deal . 
  people complained that the border is n't closed . 
  * now we can actually enforce a closed sea border * people complained that the influx is uncontrolled and that we potentially let terrorists in . 
  * now we control it and can vet them * people complained that most of them are economic migrants . 
  * now we can send all economic migrants back . 
  * people complained that the migrants are mostly young men . 
  * now we can take a mix of men , women and children , young and old * people complained that we 're only taking those who can afford a smuggler and ignore the people who really need our help . 
  * now we can choose who to take based on how much they need it * ** how is this deal not * everything * people have asked for ? 
  it 's actually because under the non-refoulement principle , you ca n't deport people to a country where they have no right to asylum . 
  turkey currently only grants temporary protection to people . 
  it differs from asylum in that it can be easily revoked , so the fear is that we become complicit in deporting refugees to war zones . 
  i believe that this problem can be easily avoided by adding appropriate safe guards to the deal . 
  it all depends on the actual details that we hopefully learn in the next week . 
  i hope they do sort it out , because to me , this deal is the first one that could actually work . 
  i agree , it 's a problem . 
  as i understand it , under the current scheme , people have to volunteer for relocation and as you say , they want germany or nothing , so nobody is signing up for it . 
  i do n't know how they plan on fixing that . 
  maybe if the border is actually closed and the refugees in turkey are confronted with the choice of camp in turkey or resettlement to `` not-germany eu '' they 'll choose the latter ? 
  and if we can actually get a registration system running where they do n't get government aid outside of their assigned region and ca n't just reapply in germany , they 'll stay there ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if it were that `` simple '' it would 've probably already happened . 
  it 's a messy situation and i do n't envy anyone who has to negotiate that deal . 
  i honestly do n't know what the best thing to do is . 
  yeah , it 's not going to be easy . 
  i think that so far , it 's the first plan that could actually work , so its definitely worth pursuing . 
  hopefully , they can come up with a compromise . 
  my biggest problem with it is the eu accession . 
  turkey in the eu under erdogan/akp is n't ( or should n't be ) an option . 
  mandatory relocation is a tricky thing . 
  i do n't see many alternatives . 
  i doubt that a voluntary scheme will be all that effective and to keep them in greece does n't seem like a realistic option either . 
  but i understand that a mandatory scheme is n't going to be an easy sell for the v4 to their citizens .
