  that 's not how honest arguments work . 
  yes , i do mean neo-nazi terrorists , as in organized groups of neo-nazi skinheads beating up foreigners and torching refugee homes . 
  i 'd recommend ignoring absolutely everything professional crazy person stefan molyneux says . 
  i actually kind of agree , but i do n't fault merkel for that . 
  not enforcing dublin was a reaction to the utter failure of the whole eu to enact a united response to this crisis . 
  this crisis is a european crisis and should be handled accordingly . 
  the most important part is to dissuade people with little to no chance of getting asylum to even try and clog up the system . 
  except germany * did n't * say that . 
  the `` refugees welcome '' message was aimed at germans in response to a rising number of neo-nazi terrorism . 
  not enforcing dublin was meant to take pressure off the border states . 
  the media and some governments interpreted it as an open invitation to everyone which it was never meant to be . 
  admittedly , it is n't all that hard to take it this way . 
  the german government has been trying to clarify their position ever since , but has a hard time getting it out . 
  i like how the post about the one anti-immigration protest is on the top of the frontpage , but articles about the tens of thousands people attending pro-refugee rallies all over europe are systematically downvoted . 
  one could think that this sub has been taken over by the far right to give people the impression that their pathetic ideology is somehow the majority , but that 's of course just a baseless conspiracy theory . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  my argument was n't at all about the conditions in austria or hungary . 
  it was about the fact that greece , hungary and italy are the countries hit the hardest by this crisis even though they are struggling to get by economically even without it . 
  germany is not struggling . 
  we can handle these migrants . 
  so to help these countries out , we do n't insist that they take them back . 
  not out of altruism , but because we just spend billions trying to save greece . 
  we need a unified eu response to this crisis . 
  that 's what germany is pushing for with the quotas . 
  but the eastern states would rather see the border states explode than to take one filthy evil terrorist muslim . 
  but you go ahead and believe that i 'm just a delusional leftist . 
   the germans have long since thrown the rule book completely out the window . 
  are you referring to not enforcing dublin ii ? 
  if so , what you are saying is that we should deport them back to greece or hungary and go by the `` not it '' strategy some other countries are using ? 
  besides , the option to not enforce it * is in the rules * . 
  germany is n't ignoring any treaties , or breaking any laws . 
  why do people not get this ? 
  quotas are n't meant to help germany . 
  nobody is saying other countries should take refugees that are in germany right now . 
  these quotas are to help the border countries like greece , italy and hungary . 
  under the proposed quotas , germany will * still * take the biggest share of the refugees . 
  germany and france alone will take over 50 % of the 120k , who will ** all come from greece , italy and hungary ** . 
  same with not enforcing dublin ii . 
  it 's to take pressure of the border states . 
  this is a eu crisis and germany is pushing for a united eu response . 
  in some parts of the country , you 're not considered a man until you 've shot at least one tractor . 
  yeah , but what happens if each of them builds a mosque and has 8000 children ? 
  by my estimations , poland will enact sharia law by next thursday . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  those people have some experience with refugees , so they probably have more basis for these estimates than some napkin math . 
  besides , call me a crazy leftist hippie , but if they can prove that they have a stable job and can provide for their family without government assistance , i have no problem with bringing them here . 
  no , from what i understand , they estimate that there are 200k actual refugees and 400k economic migrants . 
  those 200k will bring another 200k of their family members , the other 400k are supposed to leave on their own or be deported . 
  the authorities will probably not be able to handle that , given their previous record , so a significant portion of these 400k will probably stay as illegal immigrants . 
  not all family members are automatically accepted to the program . 
  from the [ survey of provisions for refugee family reunion in the eu ] ( http://www.ecre.org/component/downloads/downloads/201.html ) ( page 35 ) :  recognised refugees are entitled to family reunion if they can provide adequate housing and have sufficient income to support their family members . 
  exceptions may be granted if they are in receipt of social welfare assistance . 
  so people who want to bring their relatives to germany need a job and support them themselves . 
  it 's also only for spouses and children under 18 . 
  those are part of the 800k estimate . 
  they expect 200k through the family reunion program . 
  i think that the welcoming attitude , both by the government and the public , is more a reaction to the recent surge of neo-nazi terrorism than anything else . 
  also , there is a major pr/communication problem . 
  germanys policies of not enforcing dublin 2 was meant to take pressure off of other the eu states . 
  the blanket acception of syrian refugees was meant to take the pressure off of the local administrations , so that they can process other applicants faster and actually deport purely economic migrants . 
  if this is actually successfull remains to be seen , but i doubt it . 
  meanwhile , this is internationally ( imo falsely ) reported as germany hypocritically inviting half of the world to europe and then forcing those who come on other unwilling eu countries via quotas . 
  this is image is a major problem . 
  not only does it encourage more migrants to come , it also strengthens the position of the growing euro skeptic movements all over europe . 
  there are genuine refugees from africa , but that 's beside the point . 
  people use the ipod as evidence that he is n't a refugee . 
  as if owning an ipod makes you immune to persecution . 
  to my mind , it 's exactly the opposite : you would expect economic migrants to be mostly uneducated and poor , while you would expect genuine refugees to be from all classes of society . 
  one of them said he is from ghana , so i agree that some ( or even most ) of them are not refugees , but what does the ipod have to do with anything ? 
  which is completely ridiculous . 
  the charges against them were complete bullshit , which were basically `` impersonating police officers '' . 
  no one in their right mind thought that these guys had any power . 
  do n't get me wrong , their message is horrible and stupid , but is clearly free speech . 
  everyone freaking out and politicians creating new laws to censor them was a huge sign that the fear mongering of the islamic extremists are working . 
  the fact that we are intimidated by some idiots in warning vests handing out pamphlets proves that . 
  this happened in my hometown and the whole thing was blown waaaay out of proportion by the national and international media . 
  they ran around in these silly vests and reminded other muslims not to drink . 
  they were n't aggressive and they were n't forcing anyone to do anything . 
  just standing around and tell arabic looking guys not to drink . 
  it was a silly little publicity stunt by their silly little group . 
  there was no intention to make it the norm , but because of the general ( justified ) fear of islamic extremists this got so much attention . 
  i went through cologne by train every weekend about 3 years back . 
  throwing trash happened * every single time * there was a match . 
  they were generally aggressive/rude and harassing people was also more the norm than the exception . 
  / r/europe . 
  where right-wing terrorism is actually `` the leftists '' fault . 
   no tornados [ you 'd be surprised ] ( https://youtu.be/6ruthouu_h0?t=23m15s ), 
  apparently in german , it 's called the green bulb leaf mushroom ( `` gr\u00fcner knollenbl\u00e4tterpilz '' ) . 
  does n't quite have the same ring to it . 
  the problem is that the system only works if everyone is using it . 
  90 % of people get it right here , but there is always that one idiot who ruins it for everybody . 
   youtube simply refuses to pay what the gema asks them too . 
  youtube could literally get this sorted any minute by just agreeing . 
  true , but almost every european country has a gema equivalent , all of which reached an agreement with youtube . 
  what gema demands of youtube is unreasonable . 
  but the gema is n't exactly known for making reasonable requests . 
  generally , the top 20 % of drinkers account for 80 % of alcohol consumed . 
  you might want to add a way for us to record and send it to you to the op . 
  for example , http://vocaroo.com/ is super easy to use . 
  just press record and send the link .
