  one does n't justify the other . 
  does that really apply to countries without fptp ? 
  under those same treaties , it 's illegal to deport anyone to a country that is n't considered safe for refugees , which turkey is not . 
  so legally we could deport people to greece , effectively destroying their already struggling economy . 
  to think that this is anything more than making the best out of a bad situation is ridiculous . 
  if it were all about getting young people to germany , we 'd just encourage immigration from eu countries with high youth unimployment . 
  thanks for this . 
  please do n't think i was attacking turkey for how they handle the situation . 
  from what i 've seen and heard , turkey is doing a phenomenal job for the people in the camps , but as you say , it 's over-capacity . 
  as always , hindsight is 20/20 , but the eu failed to respond to this crisis when it had the chance to actually control it . 
  there should have been a united european plan for this 4 years ago including financial aid for turkey and a comprehensive european asylum system . 
  not that this could have actually happened . 
  asylum policy has been a big source of controversy for the eu right from the start . 
  like i said in the other response , turkey is considered a safe country of origin , but not a safe third country . 
  syria is neither . 
  we kind of do take everyone from unsafe countries of origin , provided they apply for it . 
  there are two categories : safe countries * of origin * and safe * third * countries . 
  turkey is classified as the former , but not the latter . 
  these are the requirements by the eu to be designated a safe third country :  * the life and liberty of the applicant are not threatened on account of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion ; * the principle of non-refoulement , in accordance with the geneva convention , is respected ; * the prohibition of removal , in violation of the right to freedom from torture and cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment as laid down in international law , is respected ; * the possibility exists to request refugee status and , if it is granted , to receive protection in accordance with the geneva convention . 
  [ source ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:l33140 ) i do n't know if turkey is not fulfilling any of these points and i ca n't find any official justification to not classify turkey as safe , but i do know that it is n't classified . 
  there are currently talks to change that ( see [ this article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/05/eu-leaders-erdogan-refugee-plan ) ) , although the unhcr seems to be concerned about that ( see [ this unhcr statement ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3f7aa8704.html ) ) i 'll update this if i find some additional info . 
  remember that the first safe country as defined by the unhcr is n't turkey ( for now ) , but greece and italy , which makes it without a doubt an eu problem , even if everyone took the legal route . 
  it 's for people who were denied residency or asylum , but ca n't be deported for one reason or another ( see [ aufenthg \u00a7 60a ] ( http://germanlawarchive.iuscomp.org/?p=281 ) for possible reasons . 
  link in english ) . 
  they are still illegal , but registered as such . 
  they ca n't legally work , we ca n't get rid of them and ca n't let them be homeless and starve , so we have to somehow provide for them . 
  but the right to asylum is part of the constitution you want them to accept . 
  the right not to be tortured and killed is specifically granted to * all * humans and is ** absolutely unconditional ** . 
  it 's literally the first article of the constitution . 
  do n't you think it 's a little silly to demand someone else to hold loyalty to a document you do n't seem to hold in that high regard ? 
  what do you want to do with them ? 
  you * can not * send them back . 
  at most , you can send them back to the first safe country they entered . 
  and that 's not syria or even turkey , but greece or italy . 
  burdening those countries with people germany deemed undesirable ca n't possibly be in germany 's best interest . 
  at least in germany , nobody gets citizenship automatically . 
  it 's true that they can apply to citizenship after a number of years , but they have to go through the normal tests and requirements , which include a test for compatibility . 
  but it 's true ; for now , only a small portion of people are sent back when they should be and that 's a problem . 
  the way to handle that is to reform the deportation system ( which is currently being done in germany ) and not deny people help when they need it . 
  you 're right . 
  everyone else has a legal right to asylum in greece or italy . 
  turkey is for now not classified as a safe third country , meaning they ca n't be send back there . 
  so a compatibility check would mean burdening other eu and eurozone states with people germany deems undesirable . 
  given the current political climate and their economic situation , i do n't think this would actually be in germany 's best interest . 
  but you are right , it 's technically feasible . 
   for example , if you dont take refugees from camps in lebanon or turkey , that is not a violation of the convention . 
  it is , at least for now . 
  turkey and lebanon are not classified as safe third countries for refugees , although that will likely change for turkey in the next few weeks ( under protest of the unhcr ) . 
  for now , refugees can legally enter greece and apply for asylum . 
  now germany * could * enforce dublin iii and send them all back to greece or italy , but that would all but guarantee their economic collapse . 
  you 're entitled to your opinion . 
  but almost every nation on earth , including every single european nation disagreed with you when they signed the [ 1951 refugee convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) . 
  a check for `` compatibility '' has no place in an asylum application . 
  the only thing to check is whether or not the applicant is persecuted in their home country . 
  if they are not , they will be denied and have to leave . 
  if they are , they can stay and are subject to german law . 
  if they are caught committing a crime , they will be punished under german law . 
  citizenship is another story . 
  here we * can * and * do * check for compatibility . 
  to ask to enforce a 100 year old law . 
  you can be against germany 's limits on freedom of speech , i sure am , but do n't pretend that this is anything new . 
  you are commenting on an article that says turkey will * now * be recognized as a safe country . 
  until now , it was n't . 
  that means under international law , refugees should apply for asylum in greece , which makes it a european problem . 
  have n't tried it , but it looks more fun to eat than the smoother variants . 
  i think it 's something you have to grow up with to like . 
  to me and many others , it tastes exactly like cough sirup . 
   has the world ever witnessed a refugee population behave in such a ridiculous manner ? 
  so you do n't remember the 1992 refugee crisis in europe ? 
   * open the borders * let everybody in without even a simple passport control * keep the border open and still let anybody in she * opened * the border ? 
  seriously ? 
  so you have n't heard of schengen ? 
   * nobody is send back , even once asylum was rejected simply not true . 
   * force others into useless symbol quotas yes , she and 23 other heads of european states . 
   * stay silent and keep on to ignore any step needed to finance all that . 
   where do you see any correction ? 
  i do n't even know what you are talking about . 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  what correction ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  i do n't want to defend merkel . 
  i never voted for her and i probably never will . 
  if you want to question merkels pr and communication competence , i will probably agree with you . 
  what irks me is the ignorance all over the thread from how she is now suddenly backpedaling on her `` open invitation '' , over people complaining about her inconsistency to downright conspiracy nuts . 
  agree with her stance or not , if you take what she actually said on this topic , she has been absolutely consistent . 
  and incompetence or not , you ca n't deny that some people here are willfully ignorant . 
  how many people still believe that the quotas are about moving people from germany to eastern europe and rant about that before looking it up ? 
  she * has * been correcting those assumptions on multiple occasions from day one , it 's just that those do n't make good headlines . 
  she says that germany will take those who need help , but will send everyone coming for economic reasons home , as well as argue for strong eu borders and help for border states * in every single speech * since the beginning of this crisis . 
  but as you can see from this thread and the million of others on this topic , that 's either something that is n't reported or something people do n't want to hear . 
  as i said to / u/ahapkidoin , i agree that if you consider the history behind both anthems , the `` deutschlandlied '' is the better pick . 
  but i think that on their own , `` auferstanden aus ruinen '' is the better song . 
  oh , i agree . 
  if you consider the historical baggage attached to the hymns , `` auferstanden aus ruinen '' is not a good pick and i understand why the deutschlandlied was chosen . 
  i just think that on its own , the former is a better hymn than the latter . 
   actually , you should really reexamine what 's wrong with you that people should not be able to express their opinion if it does not coincide with your approved narrative . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  please quote me where i said the government should censor this . 
  freedom of speech protects you from the government , not from all repercussions . 
  an employee has the right to be as racist as he wants to be , but if he does it in public , his boss has the right to fire him for that .
