  they not only had new requests , but also new proposals . 
  the first 3b , visa-free travel and new accession talks are for them taking back people with denied asylum applications . 
  the second 3b is for them taking back genuine refugees coming over the aegean sea . 
  if implemented , it would take away any incentives to cross the border illegally , because they would just be send back to turkey . 
  it would actually make a closed outer border enforceable . 
  the new deal is way better than the old one ( which does n't necessarily means it 's good ) . 
  the money should n't be the issue . 
  it 's at least an order of magnitude cheaper than any alternative . 
  the only real issue is what the details on a turkish eu accession are . 
  i think taking refugees directly from turkey is a much easier sell . 
  the biggest complains were that the people coming were mostly economic migrants , mostly men and mostly without documents . 
  taking them directly from turkey means we can take only genuine refugees , take a mix of men , women and children , take the poor who actually need our help and take only those with papers so we can vet them . 
  turkey will take back all migrants , refugees and economic migrants . 
  the eu will then take in one syrian for every syrian send back . 
  if 100 people come over , 30 of them syrians , we will send 100 people back and take in 30 from the camps . 
  we are effectively trading about one syrian and two north african male who have to pay thousands to the smugglers for one syrian male , female or child who we can choose and vet . 
  it 's supposed to take away the incentives to cross the aegean sea and to give incentives to apply for eu-asylum in turkey . 
  i do n't understand why people are so negative about this deal . 
  it 's basically exactly what people have been asking for . 
  if it 's implemented correctly , it is effectively closing the outer border , financing camps in turkey , stopping the flow of economic migrants and only allows genuine refugees in that are n't 80 % young males . 
  the idea is to convince people not to try to come via the aegean sea , because they 'd have to risk their lives and pay a smuggler , just to be send back to turkey . 
  instead , they should apply for eu asylum in turkey so it 's no longer an uncontrolled influx . 
   greece does not have to drown - they absolutely have the power to stop them from coming . 
  without turkey or letting people drown ? 
  how ? 
  well , i 'm opposed to a eu membership under erdogan , so that is something to think about , but we 've not yet heard the details about that . 
  it seriously depends on what `` fast tracked membership '' actually means . 
  turkey should not be accepted in its current form , but it * was * on track to become what i would consider eu material only a decade ago . 
  it sadly went downhill with erdogans second term . 
  i do n't see much of a problem with visa free travel for turks . 
  from what i 've heard from turks , the current system does n't actually benefit anyone , it 's just one bureaucratic mess . 
  i 'm not sure about the money . 
  what would be the fears for that ? 
  can you explain why this deal is bad ? 
  it sounds to me as if it would stop the flow of economic migrants . 
  6 billion $ sounds way cheaper than not stopping it and an order of magnitude or two cheaper than just letting greece drown . 
  because germany , greece and turkey bad , orban good . 
  the cooperation of turkey is absolutely necessary in order to solve this crisis , there are basically no alternatives . 
  the 3 billion in aid are a small price to pay for that . 
  we do n't know yet what `` re-energised accession process '' means , but i doubt that it means to let turkey into the eu in it 's current state . 
   six months ago merkel said that germany would do their humanitarian duty and take in anyone who came in for asylum . 
  so now you admit that this is complete bullshit and she did n't * say * that , but only * implied * it by not sacrificing greece ? 
  so you admit that this is bullshit ? 
   six months ago merkel said that germany would do their humanitarian duty and take in anyone who came in for asylum . 
  nothing in that last post supports that . 
  on the contrary , it explicitly supports my point that she only said that  germany would not deport syrians back to greece . 
  no country enforced dublin . 
  everyone knew that it is not , and was never , enforceable for a mass influx of refugees . 
  blaming merkel for stating the obvious is ridiculous . 
   then a month later merkel announced that she would not shut the border . 
  closing germanys border in last august would have been a horrible idea that would have solved nothing but would have killed greece . 
  that would have closed the balkan route at the height of the flow , stranding not tens of thousands in greece as it is happening now , but hundreds of thousands . 
  at that point , there were no hotspots or camps , no deal with turkey and an even lower presence in the aegean sea . 
  it would have not only been a humanitarian , but also financial and political catastrophe for all of the eu . 
   six months ago merkel said that germany would do their humanitarian duty and take in anyone who came in for asylum . 
  again : where did she say that ? 
  she said that germany would not deport * syrians * back to greece . 
  that was out of the question anyway , * everyone knew that already * . 
  more importantly , the bamf had at that point already predicted 800k migrants to germany , so the majority would have come with or without `` invitation '' . 
  or go in the other direction : neglect them more , start a global nuclear war and get a perfect setting for a post-apocalyptic drama . 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure . 
  i just did some research , but it seems more complicated than i thought . 
  there are more than one category of asylum and they have different regulations . 
  some get permanent residency , some have to go through the same procedures as other foreigners . 
  i 'll get back to you once i actually know how it works . 
  for german citizenship , they * do * go through the same procedures as other people , except that they only have to live in germany for 6 years instead of 8 . 
   and when syria , or iraq get better - they go back to rebuild their country . 
  if anyone wants to stay they have to do the procedures that everyone does . 
  that 's already the case , is n't it ? 
  at least it is imo sufficiently close . 
  iirc , you only get to stay if you are independent of governmental aid , at which point you are a ( at least financially ) net positive to that country . 
  i did n't disagree with you at all . 
  i even said that austria is n't obligated to take * any * of the current asylum seekers . 
  i just said that generally speaking , caps * could * be legally problematic , but in this case they are n't . 
  i do n't understand why my post is controversial . 
  i do n't think it 's generally quite that obvious . 
  i mean in this case it is , because austria is n't obligated to take any refugees that did n't come by plane , since they could enforce dublin and deport them to an eu border state . 
  but a cap on refugees in general * would * be at least problematic . 
  if there was a war in a country bordering austria , a cap on refugees from those countries would definitely be against international law . 
  well , pork * is * much cheaper than beef , but it 's also considered a lower quality meat most of the time . 
  they tried that , but then the parents of the german children complained that their children were getting pork while the muslim children were getting the `` better '' beef . 
  yeah , it ca n't possibly be that people have a legitimate opinion different from yours , the 're all just misinformed or plain ignorant . 
  more fitting title : dean of a small , irrelevant private uni nobody has ever heard of said some stupid shit a month ago . 
  but lets pretend that this is somehow not purely rage bait , but newsworthy and evidence of how germans went collectively mad . 
   marriage equality initiative wow , i just read up on that . 
  what a scummy tactic . 
  glad you guys rejected it . 
   europa is already crazy diverse . 
  that 's actually a controversial thing to say on reddit . 
  i 've been told on numerous occasions that the us is actually way more culturally diverse than europe . 
  i like the one with glowing tron lines flying over cities . 
   woking in the shadows cooking irresistible nazi stir fry ? 
  i knew it . 
  maybe it 's a double fake by nazis but deliberately made badly so that people would naturally assume it 's a fake send by the far left . 
  so a few days ago , our values were holy to you and under threat from the migrants , but now that they are inconvenient , we should just abolish them ? 
  basically yes . 
  btw that 's the * short title * of the law . 
  the full title is `` gesetz zur \u00dcbertragung der aufgaben f\u00fcr die \u00dcberwachung der rinderkennzeichnung und rindfleischetikettierung '' ( law on the delegation of duties for the supervision of cattle marking and beef labeling ) which is essentially the same , except not compounded into one word . 
  thankfully , they also made the easy to remember acronym `` rkre\u00dca\u00dcg '' . 
  i 'd say go for it .
