  the only thing about german limits on freedom of speech that stands out is the prohibition of holocaust denial and making light of the crimes committed by the nazis . 
   simply banning something you find offensive is n't ok . people have to be allowed to vent . 
  hate speech laws are n't about differing opinion , offense or venting . 
  they are explicitly about * inciting * hatred and violence . 
  even the us has laws against that . 
  granted , european laws are more limiting than us laws , but they are not as invasive as people here make them out to be . 
  they 're also not new . 
  they have been in place for more than a 100 years and virtually unchanged for 50 . 
  i personally do n't agree with these laws , but they are also far less nefarious than people make them out to be . 
  as much as this site spreads it as true , the government does not go around censoring merely dissenting opinion . 
   germany 's left wing politics have severely damaged europe - i realise merkel is cdu but her social politics is extreme left by british standards . 
  her refugee policies can be described as left wing , but even those are not `` extreme left '' by * any * standards . 
  the rest of her social and economic politics are pretty much in line with german conservatism . 
   what will germany do when the uk will likely leave the eu ? 
  i would n't call a brexit `` likely '' quite yet . 
  polls seldom tell the whole story and are much more an indicator for the current mood than for the actual likelihood . 
  looking at betting odds is a much more reliable indicator , since people making these odds have high stakes on their ability to accurately predict things and to not be influenced by their own bias . 
  basically all betting sites give a brexit a lower than [ 25 % implied probability ] ( http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/british-politics/eu-referendum/referendum-on-eu-membership-result ) . 
  but it 's not impossible and that 's a big problem . 
  one that will be discussed a lot in the near future . 
  we will see in the negotiations what it will cost the eu for the uk to stay . 
  not every price will be worth it . 
  leftist here . 
  to be fair , the extreme right has a whole category of crimes that does n't really apply to the left like the display of prohibited symbols ( swastika ) and prohibited speech , that take up more than half of all politically motivated crimes on the right . 
  if we only compare violent crimes , the left is often worse than the right . 
  not that it matters really , this is n't a contest . 
  both left and right non-extremist should condemn all extremist violence . 
  pointing fingers never accomplished anything . 
  of course , since the water levels continue to rise , it takes higher and higher dykes each time . 
  thus , solving the problem once and for all . 
  the difference is in the name only and quite a bit is lost in translation . 
  you are * literally * arguing semantics here . 
  even if it was n't banned and even with no nic liquid , not vaping where you ca n't smoke is just common courtesy . 
  the vapor does have a smell and it 's not for you to decide if it smells good or not to other people . 
  it would piss me off if that meant that i had to pay the same amount of taxes on liquid , though . 
  i never said that integration of turkish immigrants went great , or even good . 
  in fact , my post was n't about integration at all . 
  * you * claimed that europeans are supporting multiculturalism because they are simply not familiar with immigration from countries with significantly different cultures . 
  that claim is quite obviously bullshit and that is all my post was about . 
  yeah , it would be totally different if germany had some practice over the last 50 years . 
  i mean it 's not like germany had a large influx of people from a neighboring country to syria with a somewhat similar culture , so that they now make up 3 million of its citizens . 
  some do use it like that , but many more , myself included , use it like arachnophobia . 
  there are plenty of rational reasons to be afraid of spiders , some have a painful bite , some have dangerous or even deadly venom . 
  but running away screaming or being paralyzed by fear from a common garden spider , is * not * rational . 
  similarly , being wary of fundamental , extremist or political islam and their supporters is perfectly rational , while being afraid of , or hateful towards every muslim simply for being muslim is not . 
  so , anyone up for european film club ? 
  we watch one of those a week and discuss it in a weekly thread . 
  the problem is that they do n't come over the land border . 
  it gets kind of complicated at the `` sea border '' . 
  turning them around and bringing them back to turkey only works with turkeys permission . 
  if we do n't have that , it 's either bringing them to greece or letting them drown . 
  this might not be a popular opinion and i have even been called a traitor to my people here for saying this , but i have no problem with giving refugees the opportunity to gain citizenship after an appropriate amount of time . 
  it 's 6 years in germany after which they can apply for it . 
  they still need to speak german , have a stable job , be independent of governmental aid , not have a criminal record and pass a test on law and history . 
  they also need to affirm the german constitution and values . 
  why would we want to get rid of someone who achieves that ? 
  that being said , fixing the situation in syria so that they can go home is obviously the better alternative , but considering what a mess the middle east is since basically forever , it 's not inconceivable that it does n't get fixed in the next 6 years . 
  i do n't blame greece and italy for not enforcing dublin . 
  their pleas for help were all but ignored this time last year until the problem moved north . 
  enforcing dublin now only makes sense with eu financed processing camps and a working eu distribution plan , otherwise it just means abandoning greece , which is not only a seriously dickish move , but also a threat to the euro and euro economies . 
  you were right , i am `` verunsichert '' . 
  that is way to reasonable and nuanced for this sub . 
  i 'm not sure how to respond to that . 
  closing the german borders would have resulted in a cascade of closed borders along the balkan route and would have left greece with the problem . 
  the aegean sea is n't as easily protected as a land border is , as we can see now . 
  greek and turkish coast guards are patrolling the area for month now , yet over 30.000 made it anyways this year alone . 
  merkels `` invitation '' might have increased the flow , but more than a million were already on their way before she said anything . 
  so there would probably be 2 million people stuck in greece by now with no legal way to deport them to turkey . 
  if greece falls , which would probably be the result of that , it will take a number of other eurozone countries with it , so closing the border is directly threatening the euro and the eu . 
  without a diplomatic solution with turkey ( and for the economic migrants from north africa , with their countries ) , closed borders mean nothing , for which negotiations are still ongoing . 
  also , processing centers and camps are being build right now and are going to open in a few weeks , but those * also * mean nothing if every other country simply says `` we 're not taking any muslims '' . 
  read the article . 
  spoiler : it 's both . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know that . 
  so the options are `` or germany '' ? 
  could you give me a link to those cases ? 
  i 'm not sure what to google . 
  honest question : what * specific * policy would you like to see from merkel ? 
   so you bought wholesale into the false dichotomy of `` all access pass to germany or dying a horrible death in a bomb crater in syria '' ? 
  you 're right , the options are n't germany or syria , as syria is by all legal standards out of the question . 
  under current law , it 's germany or greece . 
  choosing greece will undoubtedly mean the end for the greek state and probably the eurozone . 
  merkels `` invitation '' was n't really implementing policy , it was saying out loud what everyone knew already : we ca n't yet deport to turkey and while negotiations with turkey are on their way , we * ca n't enforce dublin * , because it would kill every state along the balkan route one by one . 
  that would help , but i also think it 's unrealistic that that happens , as it arguably goes against article 31 of the refugee convention . 
  this is a grey area though , because it 's not entirely clear if a country not designated a safe third country is to be treated as a country you can legally flee from . 
  it was treated as such in the past , but afaik it is not explicitly stated . 
  either way , it is probably something for the courts to decide , which means the implementation has to be preceded by a lengthy trial . 
  so it 's not a short term solution . 
  here is the problem with every country closing its borders : you ca n't build fences on water . 
  we still legally ca n't deport to turkey , so everyone who makes it to greece is a eu problem . 
  greece and turkish cost guards are patrolling the aegean sea since at least november to bring boats back to turkey , yet over 30,000 people made it to greece this year alone . 
  it might be a signal and curb the influx , but it wo n't stop it . 
  closing internal borders without an agreement with turkey means abandoning greece . 
  it probably depends a lot on your bias . 
  / r/worldnews is literally unbearable for me . 
  the comment section is full of hate , with such a complete misrepresentation of basically everything , but especially of what `` the left '' wants . 
  i generally do n't accuse people on the right of being racist , but there is no denying that a significant portion of the / r/worldnews community is on par with stormfront and coontown . 
  but i assume that conservatives get a similar experience out of reading / r/politics . 
  their is no honesty in either .
