  why tf are people downvoting this ? 
  it is a question ... 
  it is no wonder people are left under such impression , there were many news about desertion of ukrainian soldiers when russia entered crimea . 
  snowed in sofia , bulgaria last night too . 
  only it was gone by morning . 
  this is the most uplifting thing i 've seen posted on reddit for quite a couple of days . 
  never viewed putinist regime highly anyways ; however , ca n't say i expected russia to go this far , really . 
  worse than ne bulgaria ... ?!, 
  shocking !, 
  yeah such a sane , sober , non-aggressive country , how can it be ? 
  some years ago finnish guy i knew told me once that finland was the country with the third highest gun possession rate in the world , after the usa and some arab country . 
  guess that explains a bit . 
  for what i understand , this is the [ source ] ( http://www.amazon.com/atlas-prejudice-mapping-stereotypes-vol/dp/1491297107 ) . 
  do n't know any other details . 
  and the way that i understand it , these are meant to expose stereotypes , not to affirm them . 
  now that makes sense ... thanks for shedding light here !, 
  wow , russia still has more thanks than the us though ... 
  is n't that kind of surprising ? 
  nothing you say , in their actions , you say ... how about [ this ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/head-ukraine-tv-beaten-camera-far-right-parliament-members-article-1.1727271 ) ? 
  i get it that the journalist is probably not a nice guy but what svoboda 's mps are doing here is completely unacceptable , i hope you will agree ? 
  in my country , something similar happens from time to time when mps from extremist ataka decide to storm one media office or another ; and while they do n't declare themselves to be fascists , they are certainly not too far from behaving as being ones . 
  i have a question and i would like to ask someone , preferably ukrainian , to clear this for me : why is the svoboda party in the government ? 
  it seems to me that they are discrediting the government itself as well as the whole maidan movement , and are the whole putinist ` anti-fascist ' argument at least partially valid ? 
  ( the people behind this poster are actually in all likelihood bulgarians ), 
  right now we are polarly divided about him . 
  half worship him , half hate him . 
  looks like there 's no middle way about him right now . 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's putin !, 
  why they want to work with russia well , mostly , because it is beneficial . 
  any of the energy projects i mentioned above has a value of at least a few billion euro . 
  anyone who accommodates russian national energy companies to realize such big projects is more than certain to profit tremendously . 
  so that 's it they do it for their own personal benefit , even if it is obviously against national interests . 
  most of the press did not . 
  many of the major newspapers here are a part of a so called ` circle ' of oligarchs who are in tight connections with the government . 
  there are certainly many voices against the invasion and the referendum here but one can not say they form the majority , really . 
  * edit : regarding media , i should also add that bulgaria has been falling rapidly in the global ranking for media freedom ; in 2013 it went from 87th to 100th position among all countries . 
  i feel great about having an ever more integrating community here in europe , but most of us bulgarians tend do have some kind of complexes about possibly not being entirely worthy of beinga part of it . 
  i do n't think any other nation is as susceptible to self-delusion as the russians are . 
  the ruling party in bulgaria , the bulgarian socialist party , is essentially the bulgarian communist party which also ruled under totalitarianism before 1989 and has always been extremely loyal to russia . 
  bulgaria is currently over 90 % dependent on russia for energy but the current government is pushing for some new projects with major russian participation such as south stream and a new nuclear plant which will bring this rate even higher . 
  furthermore , in 2006 , the year before we joined the eu , russian ambassador to eu vladimir chizhov openly said that bulgaria was to become ` the trojan horse of russia in eu ' . 
  so there , no one is really surprised with the government 's current position ; i actually find it surprising that bulgaria has officially spoken in favor of ukraine 's territorial unity , because we have always been very , very afraid not to upset russia . 
  in bulgarian it can mean both , and i strongly suppose it is the same in russian . 
  to add some color , bulgaria 's ataka is extremely vocal in supporting putin 's russia , calling ukraine 's government illegitimate , fascist and antisemitic . 
  the latter is especially fucking delicious having in mind ataka 's leader volen siderov has published a few books about the global jewish conspiracy . 
  well it was n't meant to be beautiful , was it ? 
  yeah well , the reason i guessed that out was that in many ways i 'm in the same boat as you here in bulgaria . 
  i am from a similar background , and people around me are very , very upset with the political situation here , yet come election time the vast majority normally votes for the ex-communist party , and they lovingly miss pre-90 's times of totalitarianism . 
  so , uh , i 'm sorry if that would sound rude but , judging by yourself and the people around you , i am afraid you may be seriously overestimating the political awareness of the general populace in your country . 
  on a side note , i could also tell about your level of education by your english : the way you express yourself is extremely impressive , for a non-native speaker . 
  those are some valid points , i do admit , even if they only tell one side of the story . 
  regarding your anecdotal experience , however , i want to ask you the following : are you , perhaps , from some of the major russian cities , with at least some academic background and/or an above average paying job , with a good upbringing from an educated family , following international media at least as much as you follow your local ones ? 
  if the answer of most of these is positive ( as i strongly suspect ) , you surely must be aware that your anecdotal evidence which comes from people around you may not be very representative , right ? 
  what you say would contradict the following piece of information , then : [ vladimir putin 's approval rating hits three year high as russians back president over ukraine ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/vladimir-putins-approval-rating-hits-three-year-high-as-russians-back-putin-over-ukraine-9192170.html ) how would you comment on that ? 
  i 'm guessing he 's gon na blame it on the west and people will mostly believe him . 
  russians seem to believe him a lot , unfortunately . 
  for me it is really hard to see anything negative in such development . 
  brits buy property in places which are otherwise getting increasingly desolated ( and property prices are n't really affected too much ) , bring in more money in poorer regions , and they are probably some of the best immigrants a country could get . 
  yes , and quite an extensive one , i would say , even if neither the roads nor the buses are very good in general . 
  i 'm sure you mean ` cuisine ' instead of ` kitchen ' ( we also use the same word for both ) ; otherwise , yeah , i would have some of your innovations please . 
  hope you 're wrong , but , yeah , you probably are n't . 
  are you suggesting i 'm from ataka ? 
  i do n't even ... : x, 
  there has been a protest for the second day running , though not too big in scale , before the russian embassy in sofia as well . 
  ridiculous as it is , one man was arrested for holding a sign which read : '' \u2605 = \u5350 '' the grounds were that he was using fascist symbolism . 
  looks like the main difference is , we got a lion , they got a dragon ... 
  ** bulgaria ** a couple of painted/redecorated soviet-era memorials , and ukraine . 
  the former also not totally unrelated to the latter . 
  i was unaware of this translation . 
  thank you , and thanks to / u/zsmoki for the clarification , too . 
  hahaha , that quote gave me a good laugh !, 
  what the fuck ?!? 
  it got cleaned up , then painted , then cleaned up again , then this week painted once more , and now i do n't know if they have already washed the paint but knowing how active the pro-russian/pro-soviet wing is , i am pretty sure they have . 
  also , there is a protest scheduled next week demanding the removal of the memorial from the center of sofia but it is extremely unlikely to yield any results , so i guess we 're just looking forward to the next time it gets repainted , which should n't take a lot of time . 
  march 1st is a [ traditional holiday ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baba_marta_day ) in bulgaria , which is celebrated with red and white figures , wrist bands etc. 
  the memorial , called bratska mogila ( which translates as brothers ' mound or brothers ' hill ) , is a soviet-era memorial commemorates people who fought against fascism . 
  this is what looks like [ normally ] ( http://www.dnevnik.bg/shimg/zx620_863482.jpg ) . 
  another soviet memorial in sofia , located less than 1 km away , has recently [ gained some fame ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26346901 ) for its often getting repainted in recent years . 
  for bulgaria , it is presently plovdiv ( pop .383 k. 
  ) , although that may not be for long because varna at the seaside is growing much faster ( used to be much smaller , not it 's 363k ) . 
  i myself live in sofia ( capital and by far the biggest city , 1.3 mn ) and have been working in plovdiv two days a week for two years now so i do have some observations . 
  first of all , there is no love lost between the two . 
  people from plovdiv hate sofia because they see it , stereotypically , as a dirty , chaotic , very unfriendly city . 
  they are also somewhat envious of sofia economically though because most of the country 's economy is based in the capital and incomes and standard of living there is generally higher . 
  also , sofians tend to be rather arrogant towards the rest of the country ( even though probably as many as 70-80 % of people there are at best second generation sofians ) which also sparks some hatred . 
  in plovdiv , a soft dialect is spoken which sofians mercilessly ridicule at any given chance . 
  about popular culture , well , i ca n't say really , not sure if i 'm getting the question right but i just do n't perceive plovdiv or sofia or bulgaria in any way as a part of any global or even regional pop culture . 
  most major institutions such as ministries and other state agencies do have offices in plovdiv , but i do n't think any of them is headquartered there . 
  politically , plovdiv does have some influence , but all the major political life takes place in sofia . 
  historically , plovdiv is monumental . 
  i 've heard it called something like the fifth or sixth oldest town in the world . 
  there is an old town , a well preserved roman amphitheater and many other historical places and relics . 
  also it was the center of political struggle for the unification of bulgaria in 1885 which is one of the most significant events ( some would say the most significant ) in the history of the third bulgarian state ( 1878-present ) . 
  bulgaria is a really old country ( 1300 + years old ) so it certainly has not always been the second . 
  historically it must have been the biggest one for some time at least , i 'm guessing . 
  [ euronews picture of the day ] ( http://i2.offnews.bg/events/2014/02/23/302828/1393172791_3.jpg ), 
  most of those , from what i know , are retired people , living from british pensions and spending them in bulgaria where they can buy much , much more with the same amount of money . 
  bulgaria is a mostly ok country , if you have money - which sadly does not apply to most people here . 
  greece and bulgaria both behind gabon and kyrgyzstan ... oh well ...
