  there is no arms race . 
  noone is talking about it . 
  if anything at all , it 's the us offloading their old crap to us in croatia . 
  then serbian politicians start accusing us of making threats or some shit and then we start boasting etc. 
  it 's just the idiots playing their games . 
  austria also has turbofolk i heard , especially in cities like vienna . 
  come to croatia or generally the balkans , youths start drinking with 14-15 . 
  they also generally go to the clubs and give maybe 2 fucks about their future carreer . 
  '' * the essence of the mediterranean ... * and also nepotism and corruption . '', 
  expansionism x p a n s i o n i s m, 
  we do it sometimes too in croatia . 
  instead of let 's say `` ivan bari\u0161i\u0107 '' you would see bari\u0161i\u0107 , ivan . 
  we also often use surnames by people with a common given name . 
  instead of `` ivan !, 
  '' , you would say `` bari\u0161i\u0107u !, 
  everyone in croatia says djed mraz . 
  still they are normal heterosexuals . 
  most such people crave the desire to raise children , an as such should be helped , unlike gay couples who mostly do not adopt children . 
  first of all control yourself with the insulting . 
  if i started insult you i would be banned immediately because of my non political-correct thinking . 
  secondly i never said i knew the outcome of this referendum , i only said i hope it is a no . 
  what i claim comes from logical conclusion , and i only mentioned sharia , because it is indeed being integrated in europe , again as an example belgium or france . 
  gay rights are first of all in my opinion defiling what marriage is , to be exact what marriage has become through long years of tradition . 
  it is shaped by the very culture of a nation , the conception of marriage is different in the middle east and in europe . 
  trying to change what marriage is by using the human rights excuse is a direct offensive against the ideas of the national majority , and the majority has in that case a right to decide will it let marriage be changed or not . 
  regardless of the outcome , by just pushing the gay agenda one is assaulting the by culture shaped idea of marriage and thus culture itself . 
  we have already been overtaken by globalisation too severely and not even taken notice , because the human being is inherently vicious and greedy , and does not pay attention as long as his wishes for pleasure are being fulfilled . 
  so why have homosexuals only now started demanding progress ? 
  because obviously ealier it was n't possible . 
  no ruler would allow this to pass , as it would be a sign of weakness . 
  but now , in a democratic system , that is inherently flawed , they have found a weakness and are using it . 
  i am only warning you . 
  believe what you want to believe in , but saying that western civilization will collapse because of people like me is completely false . 
  europe was not brought to power by intellectuals . 
  the nation-states of europe only exist because the human desire after power , and war . 
  blood alone turns the wheel of time . 
  what brought europe heavily in contact with other cultures , and those cultures into contact with europe ? 
  not trade , but war and imperialism . 
  trade is a result . 
  enjoy what you have of your freedom and progress , because it is already being undermind . 
  you crave authority and you do not even know it . 
  i will show it to you once it happens , time will tell who is right . 
  it 's already happening , germany is regulating if teachers can wear hijabs in some states . 
  why not take it one step further ? 
  it seems to me if they are so well integrated they do n't even need them . 
  bosnia is becoming less securalized each day . 
  i was in sarajevo 7 years ago and 1 year ago . 
  nowadays you can see a lot more full-clothed women with burqas . 
   homosexuals have been integrated into slovenian culture for a long time . 
  so why do they have to be so loud about their rights if they are already integrated ( and actually have been for many many years beforehand just not publicly ) ? 
  and nk absolutely does n't associate with communist symbolism and was n't influenced by the soviet union . 
  chinese quality of life is far from optimal . 
  muslims sway to sharia because they do not agree with western ideals , one of which is gay rights . 
  gay rights activists in turn become more active causing a chain reaction . 
  it comes to conflict . 
  look what happened in sweden with the gay rights parade through a muskim neighborhood . 
  is n't for example like in north korea communism a western ideal ? 
  what is the problem with agrarian life , yes life was hard but on the other hand you had more free time and a peaceful ilife , right now they suffer from higherlung cancer rates than they did before . 
  also opposites work hand in hand as it has always been . 
  capitalism and ultranationalism - communism , gay rights - sharia . 
  of there was a reason for that judgement i would comply to it . 
  has n't the slippery sloap happened to many civilizations in the past ? 
  look at any asian nation . 
  what has it led to for them ? 
  corruption , shit conditions and overpopulation . 
  i 'm also not arguing for any of them , both are bad in my opinion . 
  if you read the news you 'd see its already happening in belgium . 
  yes , a quality of life improvement for one part of its citizens . 
  what if people believe , as do actually most thankfully in eastern european nations , that homosexuality does not integrate well into their culture ? 
  should n't the majority decide what happens in their nation ? 
  i am not talking about mundane things as cars . 
  i 'm talk about things like sharia law being integrated europe or gay rights . 
  ding ding the former one . 
  let them fight for themselves . 
  calm it with the ad hominems first of all . 
  secondly , if i am already a bigot i am a selective bigot . 
  cultural exchange is alright when cultures are different enough to consider something exotic and as a new experience . 
  if one then procceeds to * integrate * it into ones society you sacrifice everything you have worked for . 
  jews are people that build shit , do isolate themselves ( orthodox ) but are generally good people . 
  one of my best friends is jewish . 
  refer to sentence 2 . 
   i pity those people for ever having to interact with you . 
  be assured i did not raise any problematic topics and behaved in a civil manner . 
   i see your hatred of anything that does n't conform to your specific worldview continues into other fields . 
  according to you should we cut severina 's vocal chords so no-one is influenced by her ? 
  think of the children !, 
  no but the point is that the ( male ) kid behaves like a girl now . 
  heterogenous for only a certain amount of time . 
  you are sacrificing development and tolerance , for culture and tradition . 
  no we should merely indoctrinate children with a proper anti-gay ideology when they are old enough for schooling . 
  i 'm working properly in my life and adhering to the law ? 
  this is an obsolete question because ; why should i fight for more rights if i do n't need them ? 
  you know who fought ? 
  my father in the 90 's for his country and democracy - where homosexuals have actually more rights now . 
  and he is radically against their rights when it comes to that . 
  as are many people that fought in the war . 
  true good idea . 
  yes i was referring to homosexual couples and yes i know a few . 
  one has a doctorate in slavic linguistics and is in a relationship with what i would call a woman in a mans body . 
  they adopted a child and it listens to severina now , you do not want to know who that is .
