  does n't matter will have ruble soon . 
  [ zagorski ] ( http://youtu.be/kyr5sugl3yu ) , they are in general very funny people and have a reputation for drinking , a lot . 
  video is one of them swearing . 
  oh god my country is so fucked when the eu notices we are actually in debt to * greece * . 
  welcome to the balkans !, 
  seriously now ... 
  yes we slaughtered each other about 20 years ago . 
  but things are much lighter these days !, 
  especially the not-brainwashed new generations have good relationships to their serbian mates ( take me for example , i was born in the 90s ) . 
  this hate will pass too just wait . 
  croato-serbian relationships my dear friend . 
  from comments ... on terms of police jurisdiction so you know it alls can shut your mouth : `` in 2002 the republic of croatia and the republic of serbia signed an agreement on the temporary border regime . 
  on that agreement all areas from the right side of the danube are the responsibility of the croatian authorities and the areas to the left side of rive is is the jurisdiction of the serbian authorities . 
  the border dispute arose because the croatian cadastral claimed about 10,000 hectares of land on the left side of the danube ( currently under the jurisdiction of the serbian government ) while serbia right side of cadastral has 1000 hectars land ( among other area called upper siga ie `` liberland '' ) . 
  since the two countries can not agree on the border , as croatia advocates the principle of looking at the cadastral books and serbia principle mid waterway , the border issue will be dealt with at the international court in den hagg . 
  until then , the authorities of both countries comply with the provisions of the interim agreement , so that croatian border police entirely legal act in the area of upper siga or `` liberland '' . 
  this agreement can be seen on pages the ministry of foreign affairs of the croatian . '', 
  we have ok beer but do n't buy o\u017eujsko ... 
  seriously it sucks ... 
  if you wan na try a good beer san servolo is made in istria and tastes great . 
  also if you ever come to zgreb you can visit the pivnica ( brewery ) medvedgard which is in an attractive location near the centre . 
  this is a reference to wh40k so most will probably not understand it ... `` faithful ... enlightened ... ambitious ... brethren . 
  in but a single year , a few mere swipes of the pendulum , we have gathered the votes for a referendum that will be made legend . 
  though it was a simpler , weaker voice that illuminated me during my decades in the communist party ... ... it was putin 's messenger who showed me the true path of freedom from our pathetic experimental union . 
  and what is this path ? 
  this meaning , this purpose to which we gather the money of our foes ? 
  it is nothing . 
  there is no meaning , no purpose . 
  we lend . 
  we promise . 
  it is mindless savagery , this universe is mindless !, 
  in mere hours , billions will not be repayed . 
  euros !, 
  pounds !, 
  franks and dollars !, 
  kroners and yen !, 
  all of them !, 
  they will scream , they will burn , and for no purpose but that mighty greece may revel in their bloodshed !, 
  and united in this void of purpose , fear , or duty ... we shall at long last be free !, 
  debts for the debt god !, 
  sanctions for the sanction throne !, 
  let the union burn ! '', 
  not a problem when you a friend that has a pool at home . 
  yes , we call it propuh here . 
  this could end midly good or very bad . 
  do n't you guys actually have take around 84k refugees if i 'm not mistaken ? 
  i guess that has an impact on life in small-to-medium communities . 
  so would it be good to buy the euro if it crashes at some point and sell it later on when the price rises again ? 
  i mean , would it be safe ? 
  putin just appeared and invited you to a conference , he says that he has a proposition that would definitely bail greece out ! '', 
  tsipras : `` bring me to him ! '', 
  * they approach a sign that says ** traitor *** yanis : `` for the union ! '', 
  tsipras ( bleeding and on knees ) : `` yanis ! '', 
  `` the ecb sends their regards . '', 
  no we do not tell them they ca n't , we tell them that they should n't be able to ( and thank god in my country ca n't ) do it legally , because it is in short despicable . 
  and the last thing you just said is what the eu exactly promotes , austerity measures . 
   socialism is ill-suited and unfeasible for poor , essentially bankrupt countries with a weak economy and syriza should have realised that . 
  no shit i was implying that . 
   instead , they chose to drag their feet , put up an attitude and continue to blame everyone but themselves for the country 's worsening issues . 
  sometimes it 's better to swallow your pride and do what must be done . 
  not exactly , they tried to atleast do * something * while nd is the worst corrupt shithole there is . 
  i would rather see my country finally go bankrupt instead of suffering in an endless torment of debts and shit economy . 
  because each and every proposal was infused with eu austerity measures which do not go hand in hand with socialism . 
  syriza wants to help people but also fix the country an that is where their main problem lies . 
  meh greece was fucked anyways ... imho syriza is much better than nd because it atleast tried to fix the situation and tried to fight the corrupt system ... 
  when nd get 's back everything will continue dying ... 
  jebe mi se . 
  this ai n't even ukrainian nor is it russian . 
  i hope this faggots battalion gets shredded by artillery . 
  and they are right !, 
  imperialism was better after all . 
  yes you can just most of western europe is shovinistic . 
  we atleast had our 400 years of experience with the muslims unlike the westerners locked in their palaces . 
  i support / u/crnaruka and his cause . 
  hehe, 
  well , * everyone * here . 
  except the politicians . 
  please the only reason why kosovo managed to seperate is because of the 1.5 million albanians living there . 
  vojvodina is a nother story for itself lol . 
  lolol vojvodina seperating yeah thats the last thing the serbians are going to let happen . 
  i am talking in a context of europe and not the world . 
  different regions require different measures . 
  africa has to stop making so many children , asia too , and focus more on the quality of life like their citizens . 
  something that everyone should look at ist the development of singapur under the people 's action party . 
  i believe the problem lies in two factors : socioeconomic condition and human consciousness . 
  put simply , if you have a good quality of life but are more focused on a career than having children , then you have the german problem which we are seeing today . 
  if you on the other hand do not have money but want children , you are not going to be able to do that ( now there is n't a concrete example for this but there is always a decent percentage of people who would have more kids if they could ) . 
  what we honestly just need is a working economy and some way to explain to people that having children is in fact important , still a choice , but soon not . 
  people are accustomed to the rural population making up for the total population loss . 
  due to the demographical shift and due to more and more prominent rational natality instead of physical ( rational : consciously planning children , physical : tl ; dr `` as many as god gives '' ) , we have this situation . 
  i think that at some point due to a stagnating economy people will either realize what is happening and sacrifice their own personal well being for the ability to raise 3 + children ( which is quite difficult , yet the pros outweigh the cons heavily ) , or we will sink into such a deep crisis we might as well go back to a rural style of living and restart the process . 
  nemas vise sto da se sudi . 
  sad ti je sve gotovo . 
  bosnia and herzegovina or ukraine . 
  same for croatian . 
  what about summer ? 
  last year we had one day with 38c and high humidity . 
  please , get on the balkan level . 
  this whole comment thread is idiotic . 
  guys stop talking as if you lived here .
