  hahaha, 
  why should someone move out of their country because it is being threatened ? 
  you stand and fight . 
  hot potato that does n't cool down . 
  this is basically hot potato . 
  i can only pray for the future progress and territorial integrity of the ukrainian state and the ukrainian people . 
  they did absolutely not deserve this . 
  this is like those jokes that get too old and start being unfunny . 
  could have stayed as a political stunt . 
  understandable since we were basically dropping off immigrants randomly without warning at their border . 
  that is absolutely disgusting . 
  they were exercising their right to free speech and should never ever be blamed . 
  shame on the person who wrote this . 
  i am catholic ( baptised and everything ) but i do not pray before/bed eating . 
  honestly christianity is in my opinion much more important in keeping tradition alive and also kind of propagating proper moral values ( yes hurr durr paedophilia - christianity bad ) . 
  also i would just kind of find it wrong celebrating christian events with my family every year and then not call myself christian . 
  the church helped my country during our hardest time the most and also brings my family that is partly in austria partly in bosnia together . 
  plox look at croatia . 
  our former prime ministers , ministers of finance , ... 
  the danes will tell them simply to fuck off since they have been acting completely different than sweden on this matter . 
  the fire rises . 
  let me explain our pre-election retardation for a second : ok so initially we tried to help all immigrants just like serbia by letting them through so the government seems good , and then the plans happened : plan a : let them pass through , hungary and slovenia were still open . 
  plan b : smuggle them through hungary once they said that they wo n't take any more . 
  plan c : smuggle them through slovenia once hungary made a fence . 
  plan d ( soon ) : once slovenia closes down make a fence . 
  i am so sorry to all western european bros and especially hungary and slovenia that our government is stupid . 
  i just hope that our people will soon realize that the idiots at power are incompetent and only spouting lies . 
  forward estonia and finland . 
  at least hungary is safe here in the balkans ... as safe as the balkans are . 
  let them condemn who cares a kid will cry too if you take its candy away . 
  they should have mentioned in the title that those were * arabic * chants . 
  seems that immigration policy is working out real good . 
  congrats estonia !, 
  i believe that fascism is an amazing system but is shunned because of ww2 . 
  i was young when yugoslavia collapsed but here are points that i know from my grand/parents : 1 . 
  people were generally less afraid of finding a job , there was always * something * you could do and live off . 
  at workplaces there used to be this thing called `` kasa uzajamne pomo\u0107i '' which is basically a money deposit which was every so often paid into by every worker and then the money went to a family who needed it , for example if it had a child and needed an apartment , needed the money because of a sick household member or so on . 
  my grandfather received an apartment this way once my mother was born . 
  the school system was also apparently better than today and did n't have as inflated grades , teachers were also much better payed and cared very much about the students . 
  i remember that my grandfather told me that some teachers at his school , when a child had bad grades , would not tell them that they could n't do anything with those grades , but that such grades are a shame to socialism . 
  tito was obviously highly reverred and when he did it did n't mean * that * much for young people but older people were sad . 
  my mother was apparently out with some friends at that time and some police officer came over to them and told them what happened . 
  life was not so good for richer people . 
  my family owned multiple house in sarajevo and after 45 ' they were confiscated by the government and handed out to partisans ( even though my grandparents were too partisans ) . 
  they did n't even let them take their belongings , apparently my grandmother was very mad when she found out that some random people have been going through her stuff . 
  ustasha did not have a good time . 
  they were searched for and trialed in some way . 
  i know my great grand father was jailed at one time because he was seen at a place where a former ustasha officer or something was seen , after that the nationalization of our assets followed , what i mentioned above . 
  germany has a complex . 
  examine the following situation : it tries to be the complete anathema of a nazi regime in that it accepts all kinda of different cultures , spreads tolerance , uses its political strength to force other countries to be tolerant too . 
  wait a sec . 
  is there not a discrepancy in what germany tries to present itself as and what it is ? 
  how can a nation that claims to be tolerant towards other people , not only try to suppress their actions but sometimes also opinion ? 
  is n't that a little totalitarian ? 
  their decision not to take into consideration the opinion of other countries makes germany exactly something which it should not be . 
  so why does it try to be so forcefully liberal ? 
  well obviously ww2 . 
  in ww2 , they frankly murdered a lot of people . 
  but , what happens now ? 
  completely denying the existence of a political spectrum is undemocratical , why ca n't germany find a middle ground ? 
  probably , because the german people themselves are ingrained with this unnatural and unneeded self-control or maybe even hatred . 
  may god help them . 
  if we spent half our time concentrating our aggressive tendencies outwards and not inwards we would have profited so much . 
  sad that our countries are not getting along with each other currently , but trust me people like ma\u0111arska here . 
  i 've been myself to budapest and wo n't forget when we were taken on a boat tour on the danube . 
  that was amazing . 
  also damn nice parliament building !, 
  closest thing is prkos so most of us use inat . 
  just seems kind of wrong that its only present in serbian since croats and especially bosniaks use it too . 
  oh god we are fucked . 
  i will gladly be racist if it means being rational . 
  croatia is in the toilet smoking a spliff in flip flops and shorts when sweden comes in , so croatia properly rips them off . 
  later gets thrown out by security . 
  serbia pulls up in a bmw with 2 gold chains and a sweater , security does n't let him in so serbia opens the car backpack that is filled with alcohol and a stereo , turns the parking lot in a party . 
  montenegro is jamming in the car . 
  bosnia is a waiter and is serving the most intoxicated guests as to get more tip . 
  slovenia went to the other club . 
  come to croatia if you want slavic overlords with sunny beaches . 
  what kind of comment is this ? 
  idk for our tourist since i do n't see a lot of them , but i can say much for other countries : austrian - always the first ones to arrive on our coast . 
  ca n't be sure if they are yugo immigrants or actual austrians . 
  prone to being loud at 12pm on a gas station swedes - tall blonde hair dudes whos favourite hobby is destroying themselves with alcohol . 
  get scammed all the time , especially when drunk . 
  brits - just like swedes but with lower alcohol tolerance and more breaking legs germans - always second to arrive on our coast , sunburn , beer belly , undeciphrable dialect , always in a group , moustaches canadian - generally young chill tourists american - like brit but with more drugs czech - car filled to the fucking brim with pate , bread and others ... like to climb around and die . 
  cheap as hell poland - czechs but tired af because they started driving 2 days before everyone else , kind of crappy cars french - invisible norwegian - just like swedes , have more money russian - actually polite people when not drunk , have a shitload of money generally, 
  idk for our tourist since i do n't see a lot of them , but i can say much for other countries : austrian - always the first ones to arrive on our coast . 
  ca n't be sure if they are yugo immigrants or actual austrians . 
  prone to being loud at 12pm on a gas station swedes - tall blonde hair dudes whos favourite hobby is destroying themselves with alcohol . 
  get scammed all the time , especially when drunk . 
  brits - just like swedes but with lower alcohol tolerance and more breaking legs germans - always second to arrive on our coast , sunburn , beer belly , undeciphrable dialect , always in a group , moustaches canadian - generally young chill tourists american - like brit but with more drugs czech - car filled to the fucking brim with pate , bread and others ... like to climb around and die . 
  cheap as hell poland - czechs but tired af because they started driving 2 days before everyone else , kind of crappy cars french - invisible norwegian - just like swedes , have more money russian - actually polite people when not drunk , have a shitload of money generally, 
  the right to free speech or on german `` meinungsfreiheit '' ( freedom of opinion ) should mean that you can say anything to anyone , with them being able to tell you to fuck off and ending the conversation or continuing to listen . 
  yet , today it means being able to tell anything to anyone , but expecting their full respect for each of your `` arguments '' and no counter-arguments . 
  this is also known as being a bitch . 
  erdogan can say what he wants , but god forbid a comedian fucks with him . 
  erdogan is a bitch . 
  this title sounds as if the angry greeks saw a vision of the god grexit and the revival of the demon called drachma . 
  i am drunk but this seems ok . 
  it was not turning the subject as much as turning your words against you . 
  i just wanted the following from you : , , are you really putting the whole serbian population together without distinguishing them from chetniks and tito 's army ? '',
