  i also know a friend of my one of my best friends that was gay and who wanted to fight every single living being when he was drunk , until he was knocked out once . 
  blacks did something without police protection , with the whole state against them !, 
  let gay people do the same . 
  the rate at which gay couples raise children is not nearly as large as the one at which straight people raise children . 
  if i was homosexual and wanted children , yes . 
  it does n't affect anyone directly , but indirectly it does . 
  liberalisation of marriage leads to more liberalisation of other things . 
  cultures must then face multiculturalism , multiracialism and other pests that make us all more connected and homogenous , which is absolutely disgusting because then you have no differences . 
   i agree . 
  they should n't be gaining their rights by referendums . 
  having majority decide on rights of minority is absolutely disgusting . 
  what is this supposed to mean ? 
  this alone is proof of trying to undermine the democratic - or even better yet a whole nations population . 
  2nd question - refer to 1st question . 
  i agree only when each couple agrees to raise a child and not to force any ideas on it , and also with monthly social services consulting . 
  i said it is not normal , for humans . 
  it is natural , but we should be more than natural . 
  you do realise that humans are unlike animals capable of rational thinking ? 
  the base of our behavior is animal-like , but we have transgressed to just so much more that you can not call a human just an animal . 
   so are gays . 
  ( because being attracted to the wrong gender is normal )  you know who raises the most homosexuals ? 
  heterosexual couples . 
  because thankfully heterosexual couples are still the vast majority . 
   when vast majority of gays have children , we will allow them to get married ? 
  sure , let them have a man/man , woman/woman union then . 
   they get fucked in the ass . 
  takes a proper man to do that , if you ask me . 
  i meant fighting for their rights . 
  not gaining them by referendums . 
  no they do not but how often do they have children ? 
  are you thick to realise that being able to have kids =\\ = having kids , especially with gay couples ? 
  so you are comparing homosexual acts to those of animals ? 
  alright . 
  no culture would exist without reproduction . 
  culture comes second . 
  i said that they are not capable of reproducing , whch they are not . 
   i do n't know . 
  i met some crazy women in my life . 
  most are normal . 
   homosexual people can still reproduce . 
  lesbians can get artificially inseminated , gays can donate their sperm . 
  and then kids will be raised in a homosexual environment which will then be normalised for them , heightening the chance of them becoming homosexual too , or something else . 
  most homosexuals do not do the things mentioned above , or at least not enough . 
   i am heterosexual man and i will not have children . 
  do you want to take any of my rights away ? 
  am i entitled to marriage ? 
  you can still do it because * the vast majority * of men have children , and if the possibility of marriage still exists for you there exists too the possibility of you having children . 
   so you 're saying when if gays start properly resisting , we 'll grant them their rights ? 
  if they show us they can be men , let them act like women . 
  diseases are an exception . 
  or are you considering homosexuality a disease ? 
  once you start being liberal in an important aspect of culture it just continues rolling on and on and on ... 
  i do not want a world that is dominated by people who can not set rules for themselves and their people . 
  women first of all are normal , unlike homosexuals couples who are not capable of performing the one most important thing for the human being ; that being reproduction . 
  every such couple is giving their part in 1st world depopulation . 
  they are not * entitled * to marriage . 
  women were granted rights because they actively resisted with heavy consequences . 
  they were forced fed , beaten , but they persisted . 
  homosexuals parade behind walls of police and act like fools while you can not do anything against it . 
  they do nothing for the community that straight people too can not do . 
  yet changing the description of what marriage is and calling it marriage , is nothing else than manipulative . 
  by being described as something that is innately wrong . 
  which i hope does n't happen because in my opinion gay marriage first of all does n't exist . 
  it 's either a union between man and man or woman and woman . 
  marriage , a union between a man and woman , is the oldest kind of union that mankind knows and should not be defiled . 
  sorry but i think those opinions are still opinions and noone should be persecuted for them . 
  * they think i 'm speaking russian . 
  language in question is my own so i recognize it . 
  * sounds perfect : croatian sounds badass : romanian , greek , turkish , german , some english accents ( scottish !, 
  ) , gaelic sounds good : italian , bulgarian , macedonian , albanian , czech , slovak , polish , russian , belarussian , ukrainian , montenegrin , austrian german ( steiermark ) , lithuanian , latvian sounds funny : serbian , bosnian , slovenian , hungarian , finnish , norwegian , dutch , estonian , switzer german sounds annoying : spanish , portugese , swedish , danish , american english ( jersey shore type of shit ) , french, 
  i 'm personally for them voting no . 
  * raises shield *, 
  in croatian , serbian , bosnian there is also `` you smoke like a turk '' ( pu\u0161i\u0161 kao tur\u010din ) , to smoke a lot . 
  because even the smallest amount of right wingism gets called `` ultranationalism '' . 
  you ca n't cut bosnia off due to neum . 
  from where are you guys ? 
  i 'm a croat from zagreb , speak croatian , german ( fluently ) , english ( fluently ) , started learning russian . 
  more like 15 minutes . 
  yeah but still they are muslims and were recruited probably in mosques and also just check out their names . 
  this only shows that even 2nd and 3rd gen immigrants can be dangerous . 
  german way . 
  makes sense . 
  oh god if britain leaves the eu is utterly fucked . 
  just that you are completely wrong . 
  for croatia : we celebrate victories of our own ( for example oluja ) , and nothing else . 
  we do not have trustworthy diplomatical ties to any country except maybe the usa . 
  and then in that case we do not even celebrate anything with them . 
  contrary to popular belief many croats do not like the usa for what it is doing in this world . 
  serbs on the other hand like russia very much and consider them their brothers . 
  i spoke with quite a few of them about it . 
  still , they have their own victories to celebrate ( ww1 victories especially ) . 
  they do though look to the russians once in a while , but why should this comradery be inherently bad ? 
  bosnians ... ok yeah they do just kind of suck up to the middle east . 
  are you serious ? 
  a nations sovereignty is being endangered and you just say who cares ? 
  `` student diversity officer '' hahaha what a pathetic woman . 
  leave her alone and her isolation will consume her . 
  they are either part of no social circle or a toxic one , so they are best left to themselves . 
  forward romania . 
  yeah fuck off telecom if they are going to do this i am switching to a different isp .
