  pride is a feeling , not a mathematical theorem . 
  you can feel proud of something even if you 're not `` rationally entitled '' to it . 
  it 's not that you `` should '' . 
  it 's that you `` can '' - and most people do , 
  sure . 
  but an identity does n't need to be a nationality . 
  it is n't a nationality , but it is an identity . 
  agreed . 
  we all have many `` somethings '' we feel we belong to . 
  but for most people , their nationality is a very important part of their identity ( for good and for bad ) . 
   why would i ? 
  because it 's just how human psychology usually works . 
  they 're not just their co-nationals , they 're the representative of your nation - a group you belong to - in that sport . 
  having these feelings towards a group you belong to is perfectly ok , especially now that we direct those kinds of feelings towards sports and not killing each other in the battlefield  otherwise , why would you have to fell happy ? 
  if you want a rational explanation of this , without going too long , i refer you to the field of evolutionary psychology . 
  feeling part of a group , and feeling proud ( or ashamed ... ) for the group ( s ) you belong is what allowed the stronger groups to have `` win '' darwinian selection , and why we 're social animals and not pure individualists . 
  every time somebody tried to create the `` new man '' , bad things happened . 
  we should strive to get the best of the existing man ( and woman ) , not negate what we are . 
  i understand what you mean , but be careful . 
  humans need to feel they belong to something , and they need to feel proud of what they belong to . 
  when rationalism goes so far that it denies basic human psychological needs like this one , it opens the doors to a reaction that often reaches the worst kinds of tribalism/nationalism - just look what happened after the enlightenment . 
  i am very proud to be european . 
  europeans made lots of nasty things - especially during colonialism and the rise of nationalism which led to wwi and wwii - but on the balance we did much more good : modern science , modern medicine , modern democracy , the modern idea of human rights , were all born in europe and spread from europe . 
  not one single european country , but the interaction of scientists , doctors , enlightenment proposers from all over europe . 
  as of today europe is one of the safest , freest , wealthiest , most equal places to live . 
  why should n't i be proud of that ? 
   i ca n't feel proud of something that i did n't choose you mean that eg when spain wont the world cup you did n't fee proud ? 
  to clarify , i 'm also completely for not letting people drown . 
  what i ca n't agree with is that all those saved people have to be carried to italy , even when libya and malta are nearer . 
  because if something is very desirable , lots of pursuers will try to buy it . 
  my understanding is that those dockyards are a very risky purchase in their current conditions ; evidently fincantieri thought they could improve the situation , but not if the french state has 50 % ( and thus can block any move that the unions do n't like ) . 
  so , why was fincantieri the only one to even make an offer when stx was on sale ? 
  i read a bit trying to find some good sources ( not the nationalistic ones , either here and in france ) and the idea i got is that fincantieri should just leave stx to the french government . 
  the problem , from what i understood , is that these shipyards lose money because they are very expensive/inefficient , with high-conflict trade unions . 
  so fincantieri 's plan was to buy it and then restructure the shipyard ( ie make them more efficient with less workers ) , but this is exactly what french unions and politicians do n't want - and the reason why they want to have a controlling stake . 
  but macron still wants fincantieri to put the money in , without being then able to increase efficiency . 
  he is now trying to `` bribe '' the italian investors by promising big french navy orders if they accept these conditions , but if fincantieri accepts the idea that keeping inefficient jobs is more important than the economic results , it does n't look like a good deal in the long term . 
  that 's why - at least for now - the italians are nixing . 
  have they institutionalize the two minutes hate against gulen yet ? 
  at this point it should already be clear to everybody that anything that goes wrong in turkey is his fault ... 
  this number it 's quarter-on-quarter . 
  the annual growth is 2.1 % / 2.2 % , and accelerated in the last quarter . 
  it 's much closer , but products would need to go through customs twice ( one from china - which manufactures most things you buy from amazon - to the uk , then from the uk to the eu ) . 
  i celebrate easter and christmas for family and tradition , but i declare myself an agnostic at the census ... 
  afaik , russian soldiers mostly came in when there was serious combat . 
  at the moment i do n't think they need many . 
  please , find alternatives quickly . 
  if you do n't , i 'm afraid you 're going to regret it soon ... 
  this is honestly a pretty ridiculous excuse . 
  if fincantieri tried to sell it to the chinese in the future , then the french government could apply nationalization . 
  anyway , i read a bit about the thing , i 'm fine with france keeping stx , which are losing money anyway , as long as there is no state aid to it . 
  time will tell , but honestly i do n't see how can something like this not be at odds with the principles of a eu single market ... 
  so , basically , it 's ok if the the koreans buy some shipyards in france , but it 's not ok if companies from a eu country - italy - buys them ?? 
  this looks crazy to me . 
  even without considering how many companies the french own in italy ... 
  the rules are very easy to follow ... but you need to first find and read them all , which is n't easy as they 're different from the standard . 
  if you 're a casual traveler , it 's very easy to get trapped and pay something you did n't expect to have to pay . 
  yes . 
  the risk is that if they find any plausible reason to leave you on the ground or to make you pay some fee , they 'll use it ... it 's a bit like a roulette . 
  of course . 
  it 's 70 $ to bring it on board though . 
  just fyi , i 'm in fact a history buff and have read tens of history books , including a biography of hitler . 
  but if calling other people delusional makes you feel better , feel free to do it , 
  lol, 
   at what point rule of the majority changes to dictatorship ? 
  the point is when the majority destroys the separation of powers , independence of the press , the checks and balances - so that it will be impossible in the future for a different majority to emerge . 
  hitler , mussolini , stalin , all held elections and won majorities . 
  were their systems democratic ? 
  `` rule of the majority '' is not the same as `` dictatorship of the majority '' . 
  that 's why all liberal democracies have constitutions ( even if unwritten as in the uk ) , checks and balances , independent judiciary , etc. 
  by the way , just for your curiosity , i studied what `` democracy '' means in different contexts for several years . 
  if you want to learn something , start taking a look at the article on wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy `` no consensus exists on how to define democracy , but legal equality , political freedom and rule of law have been identified as important characteristics . '', 
  or just keep your illiberal view of democracy if you prefer , unfortunately you 're in very good company . 
  lol i 'd like to see your dictionary . 
  but i think you just made this up . 
  liberal democracy - what we intend with the word `` democracy '' is n't dictatorship of the majority . 
  that 's why changes like these should require a supermajority . 
  going bankrupt would have caused much greater pain than the solution followed - imagine russia in the nineties , but without the gas/oil revenue . 
  the real question on which i agree with you is : how will be the unresolved problems end ? 
  there needs to be a better plan out of the debt spiral . 
  i have no idea if we have a dog in the fight or not , but anyway i think the different spelling and sound alone would be enough to not create confusion between the italian variety and the former yugoslavian ones ... 
  good luck !, 
  tbh , apple is sitting on all that cash because they 're waiting for a tax holiday to repatriate it to the us without paying taxes and increase `` investor value '' , not because they do n't know what to do with it . 
  this is bad , but makes sense for them . 
   who is still with us ? 
  who is still supporting this nationalist circus ? 
  putin and lukashenko ? 
  we 're with you , bro . 
  we 're just against kaczynski and his attempt to replace democracy with something else . 
  portugal , are you so afraid of a spanish land attack ?? 
  i think the op meant a vpn company without any physical presence in russia . 
  wow , did n't know you were such an expert about italy . 
  can you tell me exactly which country did we invade ? 
  as far as i remember , the last time this happened was during wwii with mussolini . 
  please study international laws and then come back to commenting . 
  we already tried to stop that and were sanctioned by the echr . 
  as i wrote , it 's not * our * policy to save people at risk at sea , it 's a mandated international policy . 
  no migrants passing through italy go to those countries which get structural funds - they want to go to the richer ones . 
  saving people who are at risk of drowning at sea is n't `` our own international policy '' . 
  it 's a mandated international policy .
