  it 's not an issue that france wants to use french . 
  the issue is if france wants * us * to use french . 
  that train already left , get over it and accept that english is the only lingua franca that will work in the west . 
  what putin will do is play `` divide et impera '' , as usual . 
  he will support the most retarded politicians he can in nato countries ( see trump ) and will try to expand his power to satisfy his ego and russian nationalists ( see ukraine ) . 
  putin wo n't rule russia forever , and i really hope the next one wo n't have the same kind of imperialist streak . 
  but i would n't count on that at all . 
  putin will be thrilled ... 
  but i doubt most polish people agree with you . 
  feel free to leave and create your own club . 
  what do you mean ? 
  here in italy i know lots of people who would like to be governed by a fascist . 
  it 's a minority , but not so small . 
  no castle can garrison a huge army , but that 's the whole point : with a castle , you could have a small army that could withstand attacks from a much bigger army for a long time . 
  if the bigger army stays for a siege , you have time to organize your own army for a relief operation , while the enemy is fixed in a position . 
  if the bigger army bypasses the castle , the small army inside can organize sorties to harass the rearguard , foraging parties etc. 
  i know that perfectly well - happened in italy more than once , could easily happen again . 
  but if it happens , the worst thing that democratic countries can do is appeasement . 
  if i were an official of the eu , i would have to talk with him , even if i would n't like that . 
  as a citizen of the eu , i do n't , just like i would n't have `` talked '' with marine le pen had she won the elections in france . 
  if the citizens of a eu country want to be governed by a fascist , then that country should be first suspended , and then expelled from the eu . 
  democracy does n't mean that whatever the people choose is right , it simply means that the people can make their choices and then deal with the consequences . 
  i would be of the same opinion if that happened to italy . 
  we elect a new mussolini ? 
  please expel us ( and i would be gone in no time , anyway ) . 
  the arguments of poland could be much more easily heard if poland distanced itself from orban . 
  there can be no `` listening '' with people like orban . 
  just to be clear : a politician like orban has no place in the eu . 
  if hungary continues on its route , it should be kicked out as soon as possible , i have no doubts about that . 
  i personally still feel sad , but i 'm getting used to it . 
  thanks for the link . 
  this is different from what i read - so i suppose the mentioned cases did n't fall under the `` posted workers '' situation , eg , truck drivers . 
  i 'll have to check this better . 
   as i understand it the eastern european workers in france are already bound by french minimum wage and collective agreement laws no , they 're not if they 're working for a polish employer and only temporarily in france . 
  which makes sense for some cases - eg , a truck driver who is driving between poland and france - but not in many other case - eg a factory worker working in a factory in france . 
  france has the biggest population of africans in the eu . 
  you can say lots of things about the french , but `` xenophone '' is one of the stupidest you can say . 
  and most french earn way above minimum wage , so , macron is n't asking that ee make as much as french . 
  he is only asking that , when they work in france , they abide by the same laws as other people working in france . 
  you want a relevant comparison ? 
  organized prostitution is forbidden in italy , but it 's allowed in germany and many other eu states . 
  should a german brothel be allowed to operate in italy just because their prostitutes are german and hired in germany ? 
  ( * ) ( * ) i 'm for the legalization of prostitution in italy . 
  but the laws here what they are , and if you 're here you should abide by them . 
  obviously , if you knew how to substantiate your opinions , you would write something more than `` you do n't know economics '' . 
  write something substantial and i 'll answer , otherwise i 'll classify you as just another troll and ignore you . 
  you must be kidding . 
  i know my economics pretty well thank you , what about you ? 
  companies are and should be able to hire cheaper workers in poland , according to the laws of poland . 
  but if those workers move to france , they should follow the laws of france . 
  if they live and work in france but are n't treated as everybody else working in france , that 's discrimination . 
  that 's what i understood . 
  what is the other interpretation ( honest question ) ? 
  honest question to ee people who are attacking this . 
  i read many of you lamenting that ee workers are somehow treated as second class citizens - especially because of low pays . 
  what macron argues here is that , when living and working in france , ee workers should have exactly the same rights as french workers . 
  is n't this in the interest of ee citizens ? 
  unfortunately , if this becomes a problem for them , the chinese government could easily install local transmitters to interfere with the sat signals . 
  honestly , it 's a completely different thing . 
  the uk is very integrated into many eu production chains ; i doubt japan - if only for physical and linguistic reasons - could get to that level . 
  i think the point is that we do n't have borders to shut - we have a sea and 7,600 km of coastline ... 
  uk 50 % - oh the irony :(, 
  you do n't build a full tank in one factory starting from raw metal . 
  there are thousands of parts , which can be - and usually are - built in different places . 
  is n't it basically the same with us states ? 
  at any rate , having multiple plants producing different parts is n't such a big issue , that 's how most complex industries work . 
  looks to me like we are going in circles . 
  the shareholders are the owners of the company , are n't they ? 
  agreed on selling fewer cards ( and , personally , i care much more about the workers than the owners - i can guarantee you that they would remain pretty well off even without selling cars at all ) . 
  yes , it 's fascinating . 
  honestly , i do n't know gni as well as gdp , but my guess would be that what counts in that case should be the nationality of the the shareholders of fca . 
  if that was n't the case , i guess that cayman islands could be near the top countries in the world by gni ... :d, 
  have you ever studied how gdp is defined ? 
  i did . 
  i 'll quote this very very short definition : `` gross domestic product ( gdp ) is a monetary measure of the market value of all final goods and services * produced * in a period ( quarterly or yearly ) . '', 
  if an italian business pays a chinese factory to build a car , the * market value * of that car `` belongs '' to china 's gdp . 
  the services generated by the italian business * in italy * ( eg design , marketing , whatever ) `` belong '' to italy 's gdp . 
  there is no concept of `` where the sales are registered '' regarding gdp . 
  no , it does n't , when we 're talking about gdp = gross domestic product ( not sales ) . 
  yes but the possible problem is competition from japanese cars in the eu market . 
  outside markets are n't touched by the new trade agreement . 
  the cars produced in italian plants are built in italy , and the same goes for spain not just by seat , but also by ford and others ( and for poland , where fca produces lots of cars ) . 
  having head offices where you pay fewer taxes does n't change who produces the cars . 
  italy and spain produce lots of cars too . 
  just sayin . 
  i like many of his movies , but oliver stone is , politically , a complete idiot . 
  thanks , interesting to know . 
  i read it , and it 's not so clear what will happen . 
  will this cover agriculture and food ? 
  because afaik japan is ultra-protectionist in those areas . 
  it would be great for many eu countries to be able to sell more food to japan , 
  that is for sure a contributing factor . 
  i live in rome and had very low expectations about raggi ( did n't vote for her ) , but i thought that she would have done at least * something * good . 
  instead , it 's disaster after disaster after disaster . 
  personally , the main practical change i noticed in my neighborhood is that , instead of fixing the bad streets , they put lots of speed limits at 30km/h / which , of course , nobody is abiding to - and she got 70 % in my neighborhood , so at least her voters should be following her direction ? 
  unfortunately , that goes on all over europe . 
  and it works well enough . 
  gosh , how could i forget that !!!!, 
  thanks for correcting me :d, 
  holy roman gay nazi empire ftfy,
