  sorry but i did n't find apple-to-apple costs comparisons for the jets in those articles . 
  if you look at wikipedia 's data about unit costs , the f-35 is the most expensive aircraft ( which is to be expected as it 's the newest one ) , even if not much more expensive than the typhoon . 
   cheaper than all of them as well source ? 
   while not driving the costs up unnecessarily the f-35 might have a lot of merits , but for sure low cost is n't one of them . 
  anyway , let 's agree we ca n't agree on this , and move on , 
   regardless of a company being owned by several countries , all of them will demand production be done inside their borders . 
  this is exactly the same thing that happens in the us between us states and , with bigger projects , also with allies ... just look at what 's happening with the f-35 . 
  on a less serious note , if you did n't already , you might enjoy watching this movie which is mostly based on the true story of the m2 bradley : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_pentagon_wars, 
  both in the us and the eu defense products are developed and sold by companies . 
  in the eu , these companies are often partially owned by one or more eu states ; none of them are owned by 28 states . 
  when starting a new project , there are lots of negotiations about where the investments will be spent , but that is also true for us projects , and not just between senators and their constituencies : eg , italy will produce some parts for the f-35 , conditional to us buying some minimum number of them . 
  honestly i do n't see much of a difference . 
  by the way , if you are only interested in buying an existing product , you do n't need to care about all the process that goes into developing it , you can just choose what is offered , and eu companies are just as dependable as us ones . 
  with the advantage that money spent in the eu helps the eu economy , which has good implications for all eu countries - even those who do n't build those products will benefit from some partner having more money to contribute to the eu budget or less money to ask from the eu budget . 
  you mean that americans are n't selfish - especially us companies working in defense industry , and us states trying to get as much as possible of the money spent on defense projects ? 
  we must have very different sources about this , 
  is the uk willing to keep the same product standards after brexit ? 
  and to update them when the eu updates them in the future ? 
  that would for sure make things much easier , but i guess most brexiters would n't like an agreement like that one . 
   we use more american equipment , and can trust americans more , and do n't like european defense industry why ? 
  it 's correct not to generalize . 
  but just think what would happen if a german teacher used `` hitler1939 '' as his/her nickname . 
  that 's generally true , but here in rome it looks like the right wingers are firmly in control . 
  typically for populist movements , they promise the impossible and then find it hard to actually deliver . 
  in this specific case , it 's very early to judge on policies , but it 's already clear that the promises to bring a new era of transparency into politics were completely betrayed , as it emerged that from raggi to the national leadership of the m5s lied for a month and a half about a key councilor being under investigation . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  they were talking about ordinary cheese , i never doubted that with enough money you could still get the good ones . 
   what they call cheese in our stores is not cheese this one i heard from more than one russian acquaintance in recent times ... 
  i thought they would just import cheese from turkey or something similar ? 
  it already is illegal , and a new law was recently passed to make it also impossible in practice - the notice will need to be done electronically , with no possibility to have `` pre-signed '' notices without a date : http://www.diritto-lavoro.com/2016/03/02/preavviso-e-dimissioni-con-procedura-telematica/, 
  moving all those operations from the uk to some other eu state will cost japanese firms lots of money . 
  they have very good reasons to be straightforward about the consequences of the uk exiting the single market - it 's against their interests . 
  it 's not really the first time - opportunities could come from multinational businesses having to move operations from the uk to eu members if the uk will end up outside the single market , especially in the finance sector . 
  will this balance the downsides of the uk leaving the single market ( if that will actually happen ) ? 
  probably not - i think that the uk in the eu was better for both the uk and the rest of the eu - but i 'm pretty sure some industries will suffer more , and some other will have more opportunities . 
  every system i know of has different levels and jurisdiction and different levels of appeal . 
  a higher level can revert a decision of a lower level . 
  it happens in the usa , inside individual states in the eu ( eg it happens all the time in italy ) and it can happen at the eu level . 
  the `` laws they are given `` in this case include the regional laws , state laws , and eu laws . 
  we have a system where ireland and apple can appeal the interpretation of the commission for this case . 
  we 'll see in a few years who was right and who was wrong . 
  with all this said , i think the eu should close these loopholes at least for the future , otherwise the system will become unsustainable . 
   so what are you supposed to do as apple ? 
  ask your lawyers if the operation ireland is permitting you to do is legal under eu law . 
  evaluate the risk , and make a choice . 
  which i 'm petty sure is what they did , knowing the risk . 
  he surely got his ratings way up when he annexed crimea , but afaik the donbas is n't as important to russians . 
  not just stupid . 
  it 's shameful . 
  for now we 're just waiting for may to make brexit start . 
  without the sanctions , putin would have probably committed more resources to his `` project novorossiya '' . 
  i wish he will reconsider his support for the dnr and lnr and that things will be able to de-escalate . 
  well officially it was the german reich . 
  well actually during the campaign before the elections there were some 5 stelle who said that there was a conspiracy to have them win ... 
  anyway , i do n't think it will be as simple as that , but i still hope there will be time enough to show that goodwill is n't enough if you do n't also have the competence to run a complicated administration . 
  berlusconi was a shame , but of a completely different kind : he wanted to protect his own interests and he let problems fester while doing that , while what the 5 stars propose is so out of whack that it would almost for sure bring us to a default and economic collapse . 
  i still hope that , when really confronting that reality , italian voters will use their head instead of their belly . 
  they won the elections for the mayor of rome a few months ago and did n't start in the best of ways - news just came in that two major councillors resigned , and that was after it took a very long time for the mayor to create the council . 
  i think that , before the next political elections , they 'll have time enough to show that they 're very good at criticizing , but unable to apply any of their unrealistic promises , like giving a minimum guaranteed income to millions of italians , upgrading millions of houses against earthquakes at the expense of the state , exiting the euro without making us default , etc. 
  where do you get your information ? 
  italy every year pays tens of millions of euros for violations of eu rules , and lots of times out government has been stopped from helping companies even when there were high internal pressures to do so . 
  it 's very small when compared to `` breaking up microsoft '' . 
  if then you do n't believe in antitrust legislation and a level paying field , that 's a whole different issue . 
  in economic negotiations , the eu is still much much stronger than any single eu state could ever be . 
  there are weaknesses of course - but mostly because it 's still sometimes possible to attack the weaker links in the chain . 
  i really wished the referendum went the other way , but i think it 's too late to avert brexit ... 
  this is exactly the kind of things that need to get negotiated - probably on a case-by-case level - after you trigger article 50 . 
  afaik you 're not excluded ( except for eurozone related meetings ) , it 's your representatives ' choice not to attend . 
  i see your point though , i just hope article 50 and everything else does n't get dragged on too long , this could become really complicated . 
  in all fairness , breaking up microsoft would have been on a completely different scale . 
  * ashamed *, 
  practical demonstration of why we need the eu ( hopefully a stronger , better working eu ) . 
  without that , which european country could stand up to the us ( and soon china and india ) ? 
  the biggest part of the sanctions came after aggression in the donbass , not after crimea . 
   making use of the uk independence what uses are you thinking about ? 
  ireland still has a very low tax rate for companies , plus it will be the only native english speaking country in the eu when the uk leave . 
  if i were i would n't worry at all about this . 
  all people i know who want more integration also want a eu which is much more directly accountable - ie , where the eu executive should be chosen by citizens with elections and not by the governments of the constituent countries , behind closed doors . 
  it 's not just about giving it `` more power '' . 
  this kind of intelligence looks really like something we should coordinate at the eu level - could be an easy way to bring belgium up to par . 
   well if he is the owner he can decide who to serve and who not to serve or not ? 
  anybody is free to invite or not invite whomever they want to their home . 
  but if you have a restaurant , you need to abide by specific rules which in most civil countries exclude the possibility to discriminate against race or religion . 
  shameful . 
  regarding the school , for now there are no facts yet - just a prosecutor who said something like `` it broke , so it must have been constructed with more sand than concrete '' . 
  i think that this situation could have been managed much better if the fiscal conservatives among eurozone governments had n't prevailed in the beginning , when the situation would have been much easier to fix , but i do n't get in which way the eurozone would now be `` exploiting '' greece - considering that esm debt has a very low interest rate ( 1 % i think ) and very long maturity . 
  care to explain the `` exploit '' point of view ? 
  wow , i did n't hear about that ... now i expect our own milk producers who whined about quotas and had * us * pay for the fines to start whining that the price is going down too much ans ask * us * to subsidize them !, 
  italy got lots of eu fines for producing too much milk ... so i 'm pretty sure that 's regulated . 
  good luck ... , 
  i live in rome where , even for italy , the sense of pride/identity most people feel for one of the two football clubs from the city is beyond the imaginable . 
  still , 99.9 % of fans are n't hooligans at all . 
  fwiw , one theory that is often heard here about the actual hooligans is that somehow organized hooliganism is viewed as a way for violent people to vent out their violence with less damage to society than most of the alternatives - they mostly keep it between themselves . 
  so they are somehow tolerated by the authorities , except when there are the biggest excesses ( like when someone is stabbed to death ) . 
  just to clarify : i think the debt can be managed . 
  i wonder if it can be managed without a government . 
  i remember lots of positive news about britain reaching the front page , like those about the economy faring better than expected and the successes at the olympic games . 
  i know , but what italians did in the 1980s was to spend above their means and leave on later generations a burden that is very difficult to manage - and that happened among cheering crowds , and even today there are lots of people who still about those `` great times '' . 
  i just wish the same does n't happen to you . 
  i wish all the best for spain ( i also have family there ) , but their debt to gdp ratio just surpassed 100 % for the first time and is growing quickly .
