  i really do n't think that merkel wanted to imply that may is an unreliable buffoon like trump or anything like that . 
  but , if we think we need to move towards some kind of `` eu army '' , it 's a ( for me sad ) fact that after brexit that ca n't include the uk . 
  this does n't mean we ca n't stay allies and ( hopefully ) close friends . 
   military cooperation is something that can continue unabated post brexit . 
  agreed  the uk just wo n't be a part of a pan-european military . 
  afaik the uk never wanted to be part of a pan-european military anyway ... 
  clarification : italy was incredibly generous with early retirements until the nineties , but since then successive reforms made retirement age for current workers much much higher : iirc around 67 years . 
  basically , the older generations f *** d my and successive generations pretty well - we 're full of retired people traveling all the time , while young italians will have to work much longer for a much lower pay and a much much lower pension - and that map does n't take this change into account . 
  not so good for your health :d, 
  having recently visited the us for the first time , my totally anecdotal observation is that average food tasted terrible to me ( almost everything was weirdly sweetened ) , except for desserts , which i almost always liked . 
  but i also tasted great food in decent ( ie , non fast-food ) restaurants . 
  this is one of several comments which talk about a situation where a nato ee country has been conquered by russia and nato would need to come and push russia back . 
  but this is itself a completely unrealistic scenario . 
  in this time and age , there is absolutely no way that russia could invade even a small baltic country with a surprise attack so quickly that nato would n't know before the fait accompli . 
  the moment russian troops started moving there , nato would send a sizable air force to deter the attack , and it would be russia who would never attack at the risk of starting wwiii . 
  honestly , i think that there must be a very strong disinformation campaign from russia and other anti-west forces going on there if many people believe that kind of bs scenario . 
  the only realistic ( but very , very unlikely ) scenario i could think of where problems could arise is if a civil war broke out in some ee nato country . 
  but , on the contrary to what happened to crimea , there are no regions where russia have their own military bases inside nato countries , so ... 
  nobody in their right mind wants to fight a nuclear war . 
  these alliances existing exactly to prevent that . 
  this being said , the reason why western europeans feel safe is because no nation has ever attacked a nato nation since nato exists ... take nato away , and that feeling of safety will easily go away . 
  let 's take the most cynic view here . 
  i 'm sure that many italians would n't like to eg `` die for latvia '' . 
  but not doing anything for latvia in such a situation would mean the end of nato and any potential eu military alliance . 
  it would also mean that italy ( and germany etc. 
  ) , from that moment on , would be on its own to defend itself in case of an attack from any powerful state ; we would go back to the pre-wwii situation . 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority of italians , even just for their own interest , would n't want that . 
  even without considering that , whatever opinion you could have of italians , i 'm sure that in such a situation , most italians would n't want to betray an ally and keep their word ( even if there would be for sure a vocal minority against it ) . 
  til that nato has something to do with immigration . 
  i would be really curious to learn how . 
  `` a nation that sought eu membership '' does n't mean anything . 
  baltics are a part of the eu and nato . 
  if you ca n't see the difference , the problem is yours . 
  i said it would back diplomacy , not democracy . 
  maybe you just misread it . 
  please do n't create your own straw-man ... 
   no europe is n't involved in libya . 
  yes europe ( individual states ) is involved in libya . 
  regarding what a eu army would do : it would back diplomacy , and if action is needed , it would carry that out . 
  like all armies . 
  in case you did n't notice , europe is already involved in libya - iirc , the french started bombing qaddafi even before the us . 
  italy has always been involved with libya due to our colonial past ; we still do training of their forces , intelligence etc. 
  the problem is that the us is the central actor there for the west , even if that role should be the eu 's - if we were able to talk with a single voice , and put the resources on the ground ( and air ) to walk the talk . 
  even without cutting wages you can still improve efficiency a lot , meaning that with the same personnel you can get more results if you remove lots of redundancy . 
  more important , for armies , you can get massive improvements just by pooling procurement and maintenance . 
  i read that for example having few much bigger air bases can cut costs dramatically compared to having many small ones . 
  the goal here would n't be to cut spending , but to get more military power for the same spending . 
  it 's absolutely feasible . 
  just one example that i know well enough : the stability of libya . 
  that 's very important both for our oil and gas needs , for our oil and gas companies , and to control immigration to the eu through the mediterranean . 
  the us is n't really concerned about immigration , their economic interests are n't necessarily our own ones , but guess who calls the shots there ? 
  creating the most possible terror is exactly their aim . 
  solidarity to our uk fellows . 
  really hope you 're right . 
  but the direction they 're moving towards right now - especially when combined with what is happening in hungary - is concerning . 
  interests in africa , the middle east and many other places . 
  a `` eu army '' could/should increase efficiency a lot , so you can free resources to increase abilities . 
  because nato puts us interests first . 
  which is ok , considering that the us gives it most of its strength , but we should also guarantee a better ability to defend our own interests when necessary . 
  i 'm sorry , but with pis poland does n't look like a stable democracy with an assured future at the center of the eu . 
  not just that - the nationalized oil company is also super-corrupt and more and more incompetent as they replace all the good people with party loyalists . 
  i would really hate to punish brits who believed in eu integration for what brexiters did . 
  we must be better than that . 
  gives me some hope for hungary ... 
   part of the reason is that partisanship is often more about rejecting the other faction than loving your own faction very true ; that could explain a lot . 
  i agree with you . 
  he was a laughing stock until he actually got elected ... 
  i know about partisanship , but is n't trump a kind of outsider for the gop ? 
  porn is probably as old as drawing ... 
  i would certainly welcome you , 
  i 'm sorry for her personally , but this could n't be unexpected ... 
  what 's strange is the trade deficit growth with a much weaker pound . 
  even if exports do n't grow much , imports should fall when they become much more expensive ... 
  iirc , in the eurofighter project the uk was the top contributor though . 
  italian build quality can be pretty good , thank you very much : think about ferrari , lamborghini , italian shoes , etc. 
   and what do you imagine will happen when the uk leaves the eu in its entirety ? 
  depends a lot on the terms it leaves with . 
   so the uk is as united as the eu well , i really hope for you that you 're way more united than the eu !, 
  wow , that blows my mind !, 
  but it 's actually not as weird as it looks : during the wrong season for kiwis in the southern hemisphere , it 's the right season here ... 
  i personally agree , but lots of people do n't ... which is the whole point !, 
  more like , lots of people have different ideas about how it should change ... 
  i reapeat : for what i know about public tenders , there is no way italian , french etc lobbyists would allow that to happen . 
  germany is powerful , but not omnipotent . 
  if you really believe this story to be true , it should be easy to find sources . 
  if you do find them and they show the actual regulation , i 'm ready to change my mind and retract my comment about propaganda . 
  hope you would also be ready to change your mind if this turns out to be bogus . 
  hint : anti eu propaganda does n't only come from orban , e.g. 
  uk news is full of it , and it 's strong enough also in many other countries . 
  have you ever seen a trade agreement that is n't heavily regulated ? 
  because they do n't exist in the real world . 
  yes , but was n't stopping to have to follow eurocratic laws the reason the wanted out ? 
  you might believe that polish tractor manufacturers would allow something like that to happen - and you would be wrong - but do you really think that french , italian , etc. 
  manufacturer would allow it ? 
  you should more carefully vet what you read from orban 's approved news . 
  ( and before you tell me italy would n't care , i 'll tell you that one of the biggest agriculture machinery manufacturer in the world is owned by fiat : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_holland_agriculture ), 
  first of all , i did n't downvote your comment . 
  i answered instead . 
  second , i really did n't understand your point about eu money being given only if you buy a german tractor , instead of a polish one ( as poland is part of the eu , just like germany ) . 
  i seriously doubt this can be possible , but before calling bs , can you point me to any evidence about that ?
