  because most times this argument is put forward , it only accounts for physical goods . 
  congratulations for your true british phlegm , 
   they 're our only real competitor in the eu when it comes to attracting international business . 
  you mean those extra-eu businesses who wanted access to the single market ? 
  italy used to have a very very generous pensions system , which allowed millions of italians to retire early during the last 30 years * . 
  combine this with one of the longest life expectancies in the world , and one of the lowest birth rates in the world , and you get a situation where 33.4 % of the gross salary of full time long term employees goes towards pensions payments . 
  add that those employees were ( until a very recent reform ) almost impossible to fire for `` big '' businesses (  15 employees ) and you 'll understand why so few jobs were created . 
  also add inefficient bureaucracy with too many contradicting laws , high tax evasion , high debt to gdp ratio , and 10 years of berlusconi governments , and you understand why when the crisis hit we were positioned for a perfect storm . 
  now we also have lots of highly qualified workers leaving the country and making the imbalance with pensions vs gdp even worse . 
  lots of people here think that leaving the euro would fix the problem - we would devalue our new/old currency , our labor would become much less expensive ( competitive ) , and high inflation would erode the burden of pensions . 
  but at what costs ? 
  without the euro interest rates on our public debt would skyrocket and i 'm 90 % sure we would default on that - with most of our banks failing and lots of businesses going belly up without the possibility to refinance their debts ; millions of pensioners becoming poor from one day to the next ; depositors losing a lot of their wealth . 
  imho the only realistic solution is to slowly improve our efficiency and , if that was politically viable , cut a bit our pensions to lower our labor cost . 
  difficult . 
  * * edit : our pensions system * for the younger generations * is much much stricter and theoretically one of the most sustainable in the world - if our economy does n't collapse in the meantime . 
  but the damage is already done , and we have the highest spending on pensions in the world at around 17 % of gdp . 
  a quick search gave this : http://www.ons.gov.uk/businessindustryandtrade/internationaltrade/bulletins/internationaltradeinservices/2015-01-30#section-a-total-international-trade-in-services-excluding-travel-transport-and-banking-by-continent-and-countries according to the data , looks like with services ( excluding banks , tourism and transport - do n't know why ) the uk has a surplus of 28b gbp with the rest of europe . 
  what did japan do ? 
  did you check if that 's true for goods + services , or for goods only ? 
  because lots of numbers thrown around only account for goods ( while the uk is much better at exporting services ) . 
  important swiss banks though have big branches in london which was the most important financial center in the eu . 
  depending on the new deal that will be brokered when london wo n't be in the eu anymore , lots of trades could have to move . 
  compromise does n't mean just accepting what one part wants . 
  how can you say that ostia was n't a major port ? 
  not even counting portus , built by emperor claudius , from which the word `` port '' comes from ... 
  in italy there are still some former communists who are russophiles because of the ussr , but they 're not many . 
  instead , there is a much bigger number of `` russophiles '' from both the left and the right who see putin as somebody against the system/the us . 
  i used quotes because these people usually know nothing about russia and russians . 
  i do n't have hard data , but i would say the number of putin fans from the right are as many as those from the left . 
  i do n't think so , but we should just check what happened when new members joined the eu - i doubt those were computed on yoy gdp growth . 
  thing is , you and me and everybody else here is muuuuch more likely to die in a car accident than in a terrorist attack , and yet , it 's the terrorist attacks that grab the news , change our attitude , get policy changes - very often , unfortunately , exactly in the direction that the terrorist organizations want . 
  hoped the same was true here in italy ... 
  wow , did n't know that ... it 's kind of weird !, 
  not saying it 's the right solution , but many countries do n't allow double citizenship - the way to enforce it is that if you do n't renounce the citizenship of your previous country , you 're stripped of the one in your new country . 
  i bet it all depends on the price of that real estate ... 
  yes they can , this has nothing to do with the lines . 
  what changes is that even eu citizens using those lines - including germans , italians etc - will have this cross-referenced check applied to them . 
  thanks , i 'll keep that in mind the next time i visit russia , 
  thanks for the reference . 
  but does n't this make both the image and the text independently illegal ? 
  it does n't say `` poster . . with its text '' . 
  ps it 's item 4071 , you could fix the typo for anybody else interested  edit : clarification of language, 
  source for this ? 
  have you got any specific reference about how the poll was conducted ? 
  if it 's actually a `` twitter poll '' , i 'd like a moderator to add this info to the title ... 
  but if it 's actually a poll among twitter users , i 'm really surprised to see results like this - i would expect twitter users to be more skewed towards the young and highly educated ... 
  combating prejudice is always an uphill battle , and always will be - that 's not just about skin color , there is always somebody `` whiter '' than you : northern italians face prejudice in northern european countries , southern italians face prejudice in northern italy , etc. 
  the good news is that things do change , albeit slowly and never completely . 
  are n't there any organizations which work to improve the image of middle eastern immigrants ? 
  maybe you could find and help one . 
  pensions reforms have effects in years if not decades . 
  that value can only have gone up in the last few years , as the italian population is aging . 
  i think that we should reach the maximum around in 20 years or something like that . 
  the only way to make that number go down in the short term would be to either cut pensions ( politically infeasible ) or grow our gdp faster then our pensions payments ( difficult to do exactly because of our high public debt and the weight of pensions contributions on cost of labor ) . 
  to what others have said about italy , i 'll add this : take a look at our expenses for pensions as a % of gdp compared to other eu countries . 
  we made retirement requirements much much harsher 20 years ago , but in a gradual way that only hit younger generations , and not those who were going to retire in the next 10 years or so . 
  now we have millions of people who retired before their 60s , who are dragging down our economy - for full time employees , 33.4 % of the amount paid by the employer goes to pay pensions !, 
  i do n't have time to find the reference , but i remember pretty well there were also threats to cut deliveries to europe when sanctions were being discussed/implemented . 
  during the heights of the crisis over ukraine iirc, 
  i 'm wondering when should the eu start putting sanctions on rupert murdoch . 
  he has done much more damage to the eu than putin ... 
  quite possible . 
  no news = fewer sales/clicks/etc, 
  if there is interest , i do n't think that building office space is such a problem . 
  on the contrary , it also creates a lot of construction and related jobs ... 
  wow , the chief minister of gibraltar really has interesting ways to earn sympathy for his cause ... 
  alternative ? 
  just out of curiosity , what 's with all these downvotes ? 
  you do n't like the screenshot , or it 's people unhappy with the flags being restored ? 
  i just did my small part . 
  good work everybody , 
  actually this happened in the last couple hours , before it was a mess . 
  hence `` europe awakens '' , 
  there is a strong attack going on right now against the flag at the intersection of germany and france ... ca n't we use a script ourselves ? 
  done !, 
  let 's see trump 's wall after 2000 years ... 
  unfortunately that 's true . 
  but at least it does n't necessarily be hard brexit . 
  in most democracies , changes of this kind require a supermajority , not a simple one ... 
  explanation makes sense , thx . 
  well i suppose that depends on how much the other parties have control on the voting/counting operations . 
  eg here in italy it 's very difficult to do any large scale rigging , because representatives of all parties are present at all stages of the procedure , and they can ( and do ) vote counting in parallel with the official one . 
  that would n't be enough for a country of that size . 
  i really , really hope erdogan will lose the referendum and that you 'll be able to stop him from destroying your democracy . 
  good luck . 
  italy too . 
  unfortunately , acquiring italian citizenship is very hard if you do n't have italian heritage . 
  hit one to educate a hundred ( i do n't know if this is the best translation to english , but it 's a famous phrase in italy which comes from latin `` unum castigabis , centum emendabis '' which was also used by mao and others ) . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry ... 
  you 're welcome , 
  do you mean verdicchio di matelica or verdicchio dei castelli di jesi ? 
  the second is , i think , more famous , but the first one is much better , 
  really hope the strategy wo n't work and he will lose the referendum . 
  good luck . 
  out of curiosity , where would this empire expand , in their idea ? 
  can any turk comment on how all these accusations are being reported and talked about in turkey ? 
  are there lots of people who actually believe that erdogan is a bastion of democracy against nazi germany , netherlands , eu etc. 
  italy was and is anything but homogeneous . 
  as an example , just sardinia - which is an island - used to have 4 very different languages until a few generations ago . 
  now everybody speaks italian , but differences are still very big and - unfortunately - there is also a lot of hate between different parts of italy .
