  if that risk becomes reality , it could get much worse . 
  neither am i  yes your latest version looks the clearest one, 
   if you have a reserve currency . 
  did you mean `` if you are a reserve currency '' ? 
  ideally they should find a way to restart full production even before the ownership issue is resolved . 
  this kind of legal battles can take years even in normal conditions ... 
  any idea who is the owner of the other 45 % ? 
  but `` the eu '' ( i guess you mean the commission ) does n't have the power to force anything like this . 
  afaik the most they can do is propose something to the council and parliament . 
  they could make a law that says : if you do n't leave before x , then you become an illegal immigrant . 
  interesting analysis . 
  anyway , even in the worst possible scenario , a trade war would n't mean imports and exports going to 0 !, 
  after having pissed off the west over ukraine , i really do n't think putin can afford to also piss off china over vietnam . 
  i wonder if there really were so few roads in greece , or if they 're just not shown in the map ( and then why ) . 
  if you outsource to india ( or anywhere else ) you are n't hiring foreigners , you are paying a company for a service . 
  under the proposed system , if you hire an indian worker in the uk ( where the worker will pay taxes , buy services , etc. ), 
  you 'll be shamed , instead if you outright close a department domestically and outsource it to an indian company , you can claim you have 100 % uk employees ... 
  untruths are doubleplusgood, 
  there is a third course : pursue a vision of a tighter , more democratic and more functional eu and let anybody who wants to leave ... just leave . 
  and the same thing is happening in italy against renzi ... but it 's a historical trend , we already used to say years ago that on the left there is a suicide tendency to `` split the atom '' . 
  is there any english news site with the translated article ? 
  i 'd like to share it elsewhere ... 
  til ... 
   in return for freedom of movement freedom of movement for aussies to the uk ? 
  did n't know this was a issue at all ... 
  iirc , lukashenko suggested years ago that they should bar beautiful women from leaving the country . 
  different values ? 
  exactly my thought . 
   we were governed by grand coalitions for the vast majority of our republican history . 
  in fact we began our decline when we abolished proportional voting and switched to various forms of majority rule . 
  i think you got this backwards : we switched to a ( partially ) majority rule system after we got into trouble in the early nineties , with our debt completely out of control , the party which had been in government for 40 years and its partners broken by corruption scandals , and a situation that forced a kind of big coalition in the form of so called `` technical governments '' because no real political coalition was possible . 
  regarding the budget : * today the budget needs to be approved by both houses - ie a compromise must always be found between both houses . 
  as a matter of fact , lots of governments lost votes of confidence when trying to have the budget passed . 
  * with the reform , the budget can be approved by the chamber alone with a qualified majority . 
  a compromise must be found only when there is no qualified majority at the chamber . 
  so , i can hardly see how there could be more problems with approving the budget with the new system compared to the old one . 
  lots of people are campaigning against the referendum as a way to force renzi to resign ( after renzi made the mistake to say `` if i lose it i 'll resign '' ) . 
  renzi now is trying to decouple the referendum result from his government 's destiny so that people will focus more on the actual reform - that 's why he started making unclear statements about what will happen about this . 
  personally i think that , if he loses , he will resign , but it 's anybody 's guess . 
  they 're not perfect but i think they 're a very good move in the right direction . 
  the most important part of the reform is the end of our `` perfectly bicameral '' system ; right now the upper and lower houses have basically the same powers , so : * both houses can propose and vote laws , but the law only comes into effect if the exact same text is approved by both houses . 
  in practice , every important law goes back and forth between the two houses many times because if one house approves a change , the other house can change the change and so on until one of the houses approves the exact version the other house already voted . 
  this is imho one of the reasons why we often end up with very confusing laws , and gives lobbies more maneuvering space . 
  * the government needs to have the confidence of both houses , and we can have different majorities in the two houses - this gives a lot of veto powers to minor coalition parties . 
  with the reform , the government will only need the approval of the lower house , and most laws will be passed only by the lower house . 
  the upper house will represent our local governments and will be able to give suggestions and request further information , but not to block legislation - except for constitutional reforms and some specific fields tied to local government . 
  there are other less important provisions but the post would become too long , 
  next thing he 'll say is that the eu will pay to build a floating fence around the uk ... 
  we 'll probably try to sell them some ships . 
  is n't iran open for business now ? 
  feel free to leave . 
  it 's from a few years ago , but `` romanzo criminale '' , about the criminal gang that came to dominate the underworld landscape in rome from the seventies to the eighties , is great : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanzo_criminale_%e2%80%93_la_serie, 
  so , in practice how can we support this from outside poland ? 
  maybe !, 
  but i have no idea , 
  unfortunately , comedy is very difficult to `` translate '' . 
  btw , this is old news ( january ) . 
  for me it was a given that any move towards military integration should n't cost anything to britain while it 's still in - as a matter of fact , i think it will be a voluntary thing . 
  if that was n't the case , using your veto would be fair , but i 'm sure nobody was even thinking about something like that . 
  what you do n't seem to understand is that we respect your democratic choice to leave and want to do it in the most amicable terms as possible , but we ca n't stop everything while you make up your mind . 
  as i answered another commenter : are you sure making the exit process so confrontational is in your best interest ? 
  are you sure it 's in your best interest to make this whole exit process confrontational ? 
  using veto power for something that does n't require you to do anything before you leave ( eg paying for that eu army , participating in it , etc ) would be just sabotage . 
  how else would you call that ? 
  you want to be in , that 's ok . you want to be out , that 's ok . you want to be out and sabotage who is in - that is not ok . 
  i just realized that my comment was ambiguous . 
  i meant exactly to say that english now is an even better candidate as the common language , because its choice ca n't be seen anymore as a way to `` give in '' to the uk . 
  with the uk out , there is n't the excuse that you ca n't choose the language of one of the biggest member states at the detriment of one of the others . 
  english would be `` fair '' to all . 
  edit : clarified that english is an even better language to choose now . 
  yes - in a 19th century way . 
  one where citizens exist to serve the country , not one where the country exists to improve the life of its citizens . 
  the economy has its times . 
  the only thing has been proven is that in the short term there were n't big negative effects . 
   for the sake for long term relations its imperative this process is conducted amicably i agree , but delaying art 50 too much is a very bad way to start amicably, 
  dictators are so 20th century ... we 're looking for something completely new now :d, 
  well we already invented fascism first , we 're always ahead of the competition :d, 
  `` unfair loopholes '' are the words used by the reporter . 
  courts will decide if they are legal or not . 
  grillo should sue trump for copyright infringement . 
  so why did you write `` 0 armed forces '' ? 
  well if you are only bordered by friendly eu countries you could do without an army . 
  but that would mean that your defense needs were paid for by other eu countries . 
   yet italy is a bigger country , so they never get to answer those questions just a clarification : italy was actually a founding member , so we did n't `` join '' the eu . 
  we co-founded it . 
  more integration is difficult , but less integration - ie abandoning the euro - is economic suicide . 
  both in southern and in northern europe there are lots of people who think you can just go back to the pre-euro world , as if china and india ( and lots of other things ) never happened . 
  but that 's just impossible . 
  italy for example is full of people who think we can `` just leave the euro '' , without understanding that this would necessarily force us ( and i guess at least spain , portugal and greece too ) to default on our debt . 
  the default of economies of this size would bring about a global financial crisis . 
  we would need to cut our standard of living a lot , but also germany and many other north european countries would lose a big part of their export markets . 
  moreover , they would also have much less favorable exchange rates with the rest of the world . 
  in the end it would be for sure a bloodbath . 
  there would be winners and losers , but mostly losers - i think the biggest winners would be financial speculators . 
  you made me curious and i wasted some time to find data . 
  this is the best i could find for an apple-to-apple comparison : https://defenseissues.wordpress.com/tag/eurofighter-typhoon-cost/ as i expected , the f-35 is much more expensive than the gripen and rafale , and also more expensive than the eurofighter ( even if not as much as one could expect ) . 
  which can be totally fine if you consider performance ( and ignore all the problems f-35s have had so far ) , but it 's definitely not cheaper than all european jets . 
  also , since 2012 , the euro has gone down compared to the dollar . 
  if you have better apple-to-apple data , i 'm curious . 
  also this one article was interesting : https://beyonddefence.wordpress.com/2013/04/03/f-35-vs-typhoon-which-costs-more/,
