  ps berlusconi was able to have very long governments , but mostly because he personally owned his party - which he founded from scratch - and because he owned most of the media . 
  something that the constitution , imho , should forbid . 
   some people even say it will be worse because there are many exceptions that will give the new senate some sort of power about certain kind of laws , so we will have a lot of different law making scenarios ( iirc about 11 different options ) . 
  i read those arguments and found them really weak . 
  it 's true than a few laws will still require an approval of both the house and senate , but even in that case the process is just going to be as long as it is now , but no longer . 
  so , if most laws will have a shorter path and some others will have a path that is as long as it was before ( the only estimate i read says that the `` long path '' would have affected about 3 % of all laws passed during the last 2 years ) , how can the global result be worse than now ? 
   i heard a very good point on this , saying that our impasse is mostly due to the fact that every time there 's a new government , whatever has been done in the previous legislature is completely changed or suspended well with only one house required to give the vote of confidence to our government , at least we 'll have governments that will last longer - they should last 5 years - and should undo things less often . 
  regarding art . 
  70 i read the famous thing and did n't find it particularly open to different interpretations . 
  it 's just long and boring just because it details the cases when the senate will have `` equal power '' as the house , giving references to other articles of the constitution for that . 
  if you found some point that is clearly difficult to interpret , i 'm curious to know which one , 
  which power does having a higher total gdp give to argentina compared to norway or denmark ? 
  power to do what ? 
  maybe you 're thinking in terms of power that you could use in case of a war ? 
  yes ... so what ? 
  what is the significance of this ? 
  how does this help your average argentinian ? 
  finally , 
  i see very little significance in comparing absolute gdp . 
  argentina , for example , has a higher `` economic power '' than denmark or norway . 
  what does this tell me ? 
  and what 's the significance of that measure ? 
  exactly ... 
  as aken said , that 's the point : to evaluate when ukraine is back to the level before the crisis , you need to compare total current gdp to ( total gdp before the crisis - gdp before the crisis of territories not part of ukraine anymore ) . 
  otherwise , it would be like eg comparing the gdp of serbia to the gdp of yugoslavia : a comparison that does n't have any usefulness . 
  the really insane thing imho is the fact that some big parties voted for those changes at the beginning in parliament ( and the fringes from pd voted them through to the end ) and now those same parties are asking voters to vote against it . 
  crazy . 
  well at least you need to subtract gdp from crimea and donbass to make an apple to apple comparison . 
  the only new power the reform gives the government is to request that some proposed pieces of legislation be voted in no more than 120 days - but of course the parliament still gets to decide if they approve the legislation or not . 
  the goal here is to stop the current excessive use of `` executive decrees '' ( decreto legge ) , legislation that become executive immediately after the government voted for them , without having to first pass in through parliament . 
  in theory this is something that should be used only for exceptionally urgent matters , but , as the normal way to legislate through the two houses of parliament has become incredibly slow , it has become the routine way to enact a lot of the legislation we need . 
  an executive decree only has a limited time validity if it 's not confirmed by parliament , but the government usually associates a vote of confidence to that confirmation , and this dramatically limits the possibility of parliament to independently pass changes . 
  with the new system the lower house will have the final word on around 97 % of legislation ( an estimate based on all laws from the last two years ) , while now 100 % of laws require the approval of both houses , and this will enable it to legislate faster when needed . 
  this way , the government should enact much fewer executive decrees and much more legislation should go through the normal route through parliament . 
  depends how much she cares ... 
  hell no . 
  we give tons of money to our farmers , and you want to cut erasmus ?? 
  no way . 
  finger crossed ... 
  there were all kinds of crusades , eg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albigensian_crusade ( 200k-1m dead ), 
   usa , japan , s. korea this is the newest definition of `` west '' i read ... 
  come on , at the time that was hardly unique to russia . 
  maybe their neighbor are too far to entertain conversations ? 
  well , in all fairness , they still are in the eu so they could n't deregulate anything ( for good or for bad ) . 
  but they also do n't have any tariffs , customs encumbrances , etc, 
  +1 for gorgonzola - when it 's good , it 's heavenly :d, 
  ok , now i understand what you mean . 
  if ukraine becomes a `` federation '' russia won . 
  they should n't and i think they wo n't . 
  possible , but the cost to ukraine would be much higher than the cost for russia , and - to be blunt - for very little gain . 
  the donbass is a wasteland at this point , taking it back would be monstrously expensive in terms of blood , money , and later reconstruction . 
  imho , for ukraine it 's better to keep it frozen . 
  unfortunately - i root for ukraine - i think you 're right . 
  i 'm not saying it 's rational . 
  i 'm saying it 's psychologically true , and any rational person should * account * for this - not approve it , or like it , but * know * that this effect exists in most ( if not all ) other people . 
  if rational , well meaning people ignore this , it becomes even easier for the not-so-well-meaning people ( especially politicians ) to exploit this effect to trick people into doing bad . 
  manipulators of the masses like mussolini and hitler were masters at this game , saying `` it 's not rational '' did n't stop them . 
   failure to bring conclusion to the conflict in the east unfortunately , i do n't think that can ever be concluded as long as putin wants it to stay there , no matter what the ukrainian government does . 
   anti-poland rethoric from what i read , there is much more anti-eu rhetoric from pis than the other way around . 
  personally i 'm all in favor of having a democratic , rule-of-law poland in the eu . 
  but if the polish people decide they like haters of the eu and the rule-of-law democracy that the eu represents at their government - then i prefer we go separate ways . 
  to clarify , i would think the same way if something like that happened in italy ( we went close with berlusconi , and we risk to go much closer if m5s should get a majority in the next elections ) . 
   yes culture is the right word , and culture changes according to your values . 
  yes , that 's exactly what the french revolutionaries thought , and what the marxists thought : just program your new values on the tabula rasa which - according to them - is the human mind , and you get the new man . 
  but it does n't work like this , at least on planet earth - just look what happened whenever this was attempted . 
  it might work on vulcan though , 
  but that 's the temperature measured in the sun , not what meteorologists measure :p, 
  it 's not about being efficient , it 's not about being right or wrong , it 's not about the egyptians ' interest , and it 's not about what i personally like . 
  it 's about `` winning '' , in the darwinian sense . 
  what do you think happened when the egyptians , during their expansion , met with some tribe or society where people were more critical of their leaders and refused to pay taxes , build armies , follow orders ? 
  what happened is that * those * peoples became slaves to the egyptians , and * they * built the pyramids . 
  is this good ? 
  but it 's how it worked ( with a lot of simplification ) . 
  regarding the timescale , i 'm not saying that the romans - or the egyptians - were the first to evolve these traits ( and remember , it 's not just about dna , it 's also about culture , which evolves much faster ) . 
  i 'm saying that these traits allowed bigger societies ( but much smaller than the egyptians ) to evolve and expand against others who were more individualistic - much later , we got the pharaohs . 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  the evolutionary point is that a group where individuals feel part of `` something bigger '' had more chances to survive ( and reproduce/grow , both from the point of view of dna and cultural traits ) than a group where everybody only felt involved in what they contributed personally . 
  did an ancient roman citizen peasant feel pride when the roman army beat somebody in a distant land , or ashamed if they were defeated by hannibal ? 
  would n't that make it easier for him to work hard to pay taxes to contribute to that army ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's something to strive for . 
  i 'm just saying it 's the way it is , and ( imho ) for very good evolutionary reasons . 
  i would find extreme individualism much worse . 
  feeling an emotion is n't something that you choose to do - you just feel it . 
  you can rationally choose ( or at least try ) to repress a feeling , or try to educate yourself not to have it at all , but most people ca n't . 
  i mean , what 's the rational utility of envy ? 
  it only makes you feel bad . 
  nevertheless , i never met anybody who did n't feel it at times . 
  and another month after your family ( july ), 
  lol , now you 're making me confused . 
  the official name of the region is n't `` trentino-alto adige '' , it 's `` regione trentino-alto adige/s \u00fcdtirol '' . 
  i always interpreted the / s\u00fcdtirol part as the german name of the whole region , but now i get the suspect that it 's actually ( trentino ) - ( alto adige/s \u00fcdtirol ) . 
  i left there when i was 12 , so you probably are correct . 
  fortunately , the perpetrator was arrested . 
  last week in sardinia they hit 46c . 
  eat that croatia !, 
  `` south tirol '' is actually two provinces , bolzano/bozen and trento . 
  in trento province most people speak italian , in bozen most people speak german ( but also know italian ) . 
  fewer people speak ladin . 
  source : was born there , 
  all hail augustus caesar !,
