  i guess that switzerland and albania would rate pretty high if they were included . 
   edit : by the way , putting prosciutto on the same level as jam\u00f3n angers me . . those italians know nothing of ham 's true potential !, 
  choose a place , a time , and a weapon . 
  i 'm ready for the duel !, 
  maybe a few ... 
  what if they say `` hello '' instead ? 
  is n't that just as polite ? 
  feeling ashamed when you had interactions with people abroad ... even if i never voted for him . 
  well i would suggest to edit your comment then . 
  at least into `` not enough '' instead of `` no '' ... the way it is now , it 's offensive to millions of turks who are liberal . 
  and by the way , this kind of comments is n't going to help win more turks to liberal ideals , quite the opposite . 
  well , if it 's of any consolation , that 's what i had to endure for years with berlusconi 's government . 
  and how millions of americans will feel with trump ... :(, 
   my point is if there is no way for the chp to stand alone and beat the akp then that means that there is no liberal sentiment in turkey no , it means that liberal sentiment does n't have the majority , not that there is `` no liberal sentiment '' . 
  there are millions of liberal turks . 
   i have a feeling that the uk are creating i have a feeling that ~ ~ the uk ~ ~ the uk government ~ ~ are ~ ~ is creating, 
  agreed , in these case it all depends on how serious is the source . 
  the way this usually work is that different parts of the production are allocated to different companies/plants in different countries . 
  it also happens between us states . 
  well , i 'm not too happy that there are many , different foreign * policies * too , 
  i said you ca n't have * nukes * without common defense and common foreign policy . 
  of course you can have common defense and common foreign policy - and i wish we 'll get there , but for sure not thanks to the caczynskis of the eu . 
  yes , but my whole point is that supporting a eu army * and * requesting less integration is retarded . 
  or , more likely , just lying to voters . 
  the eu `` foreign policy '' is a joke . 
  if we create an army on the same basis , it will be a joke too . 
  i would n't mind if they only ate this . 
  but calling such an aberration * italian * pasta should be punishable by death !, 
  you ca n't have eu nukes without a common defense and a common foreign policy - and thus a federal eu , which people like kaczynski strongly oppose ... 
  but pumped storage requires a lower-level reservoir , which normal hydro does n't need - so you still need to build new dams at the lower level if you want to upgrade to that . 
  i want to be optimistic about this , but hydro storage is n't so easy to build - talk with the environmentalists about that . 
  and batteries are improving , but here we 're talking about massive scale . 
  how much lithium would be needed to store all the power needed for a long winter ? 
  so my point is n't that it 's not feasible , but that it 's far from easy . 
  20/30 years look like a long time frame , but just think how long it takes to build a dam from planning to operational . 
  we should start building all those dams now if we want the storage capacity in 20 years ... 
  storage , storage , storage . 
  that is the real problem : unfortunately there is no `` relatively easy '' solution for that yet . 
  well , in the meantime , congrats are in order for this first step !, 
  may i ask why you `` hate '' the idea ? 
  what specifically do you hate about it ? 
  do you mean that russia is the `` dominant land empire '' ? 
  i know what you mean and actually yes i 'd like him to win - not even so much for italy , but because he looks like a big supporter of eu integration . 
  but my joke was just about not having such `` colorful '' politicians as , apparently , most italians love ... 
  please give us ( italians ) some un-exciting stable politics ... 
  some more democracy can always help ... :d, 
  afaik that 's debatable . 
  but for me it 's ok either way . 
  the peak of `` mont blanc/monte bianco '' is actually * on * the border between italy and france , so that one is the tallest mountain for us both !, 
  regarding `` monte rosa '' i checked and was wrong , that one is also on the border ( between switzerland and italy ) but the highest peak is in switzerland - the tallest peak of that mountain that lies in italy is 4609 meters , 25 meters less than the swiss one . 
  we have to declare war and get it !!, 
  we share the tallest mountain in europe proper ( the caucasus is the border with asia ) with france , and we have the second tallest . 
  what else do we need ? 
   most russians are somehow very happy with the situation in their country afaik it 's much more that they 've lost hope that the situation could get better with change . 
   properly enforce an eu wide border it 's ok ... as long as we share the price for that . 
  is this the most pressing issue we have in the eu at the moment ? 
  but it would have a very big symbolic impact . 
  and yes , of course it would be a move towards more integration . 
  germany should then have the possibility to raise a complaint in some eu court against golden dawn if the were against that . 
   you state this like its a fact . 
  it might start that way , but it would be the same fight as the us has had since its founding . 
  state rights vs federal government and so on . 
  what i meant is that in my view of a federation , it would work like that . 
  then of course , the future is ... the future . 
   the same could be said in europe then . 
  nothing is stopping the german cdu for making a danish cdu party . 
  it would still be a `` danish cdu '' party , with some relationships with the german one , but it could n't be the * same * party under current law . 
  for me it would be enough , as a start , to be able to allow `` eu registered '' parties that could run with nationally registered ones in national elections for the eu parliament . 
  in a federation small eu nations would still have control on most internal policies . 
  but anyway , is n't the us senate composed with us parties , not state-parties ? 
  thanks , i seriously needed a laugh , 
  not with trump at the helm of the us ... 
  probably meant jean-marie, 
  were you tying to make a joke on the joke , or you did n't realize it was a joke ? 
  for italy it will most likely be a very close call . 
  yes but was n't the whole point to use that kind of concessions as a bargaining factor during negotiations ? 
  but latvia will be able to veto any agreement with the uk ... this wo n't be a simple majority decision . 
  it is , for the chamber . 
  you 're welcome , 
  the electoral system has already been changed with a two-turn mechanism for the lower house ( camera ) ; that is the law we would vote now if there were new elections - with or without the constitutional reform . 
  if the constitutional reform passes , there is already an agreement between renzi and the minority in his party who want that law changed in a less `` majoritarian '' way - exactly against the risk that grillo could get an independent majority . 
  if the constitutional reform wins , the electoral system should definitely be changed because otherwise we 're practically bound to have different majorities between the two houses , but technically we could absolutely go to vote with the current system - and i 'm pretty sure grillo would do everything in his power to prevent the others to change that law . 
  but the reform of the electoral system is n't part of the constitutional reform that is undergoing a referendum - that 's an ordinary law , which can be changed or not independently of the referendum . 
  instead , a `` no '' result would be a sure big boost to grillo and a possibly fatal blow to pd , and would most likely get us to a vote very soon , god knows with which electoral system . 
  i really hope we are n't going to be so dumb as a people . 
  but i 'm afraid we could . 
  in italy , of course not in slovenia . 
  just to clarify , what i had in mind were very progressive taxation - eg on big properties or holdings , not on average people houses . 
  that 's one ( slow ) way to reduce the wealth imbalance . 
  you mean that there would n't be so much to tax there ? 
  probably , but i guess there is plenty left in russia ... by the way , i do n't know if that money is even accounted in this data . 
  as a tourist i really loved london . 
  otoh i also loved rome as a tourist , but not that i live it ... 
  i do n't like it at all . 
  taxes ? 
  tapas are really good , 
  yep , french nationalists taking their cue from the usa among all looks like a contradiction in terms , 
  i do n't know what will happen in france , but in the us the polls have always been very close . 
  yes , them sneaky bastards !, 
  i 'm not going to translate the full article and its explanation in english , but there you go : https://lostatosolido.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/spiegazione-nuovo-articolo-70-della-costituzione.pdf in short , for our foreign readers interested in this , with the new constitution both houses are needed to : * change the constitution * change the rights of linguistic minorities * change the referendum and popular law proposals systems * change the electoral system , powers and functioning of municipalities , big metropolitan areas , and `` roma capitale '' ( the special status of rome as capital of italy ) * change the relationship between italy and the european union * change the relationship between the state and the regions , the inner working of regions and other local governments , the general principles of the electoral system of the regions , the movement of a municipality from a region to a different one for everything else , the lower house will prevail and the senate can only propose changes , but not force them .
