  i think rupert murdoch is the biggest enemy europeans have . 
  maybe even worse than putin . 
  was there a couple months ago - one of the beast pieces of modern architecture i 've ever seen . 
  same here in italy - markings can be used to verify if somebody actually voted as promised ( in exchange for something ... ), 
  if this thing was n't so damn serious for a lot of people who will get screwed , i would really be laughing myself to death for the double disaster the tories were able to accomplish in such a short time . 
  good luck to all the good people in the uk . 
  hmmm ... trump gets impeached , then the new president proves even more of an embarrassment ?? 
  i never like to criticize hard work , but in italy there are many more `` superstrade '' ( ie , non-paid freeways ) than shown here , 
  doh , the one time i shitpost , you call me out like this ? 
  what are you , german or something ?? 
  :d and anyway , deuterium is chemically still hydrogen - just `` heavy '' hydrogen , is n't it ? 
  helium is the combination ( fusion ) of 2 atoms of hydrogen . 
  obviously , if the hydrogen bomb is the most powerful bomb , a bomb made with helium must be twice as powerful ? 
  i heard switzerland has lots of mountains ... 
  honestly , 2 % of gdp at eu level , used efficiently , it more than enough to make russia 's threat irrelevant . 
  just compare our gdp to theirs . 
  i understand your point of view , but i also think that burning down is easy , while building back is very , very difficult , and the end result could be much worse than what we have now . 
  who knows , perhaps brexit will force us to get our shit together and proceed with some kind of multi-speed europe in the right direction ... 
  honestly , i have very few hopes in the short term . 
  but i hope we 'll get there in the long term . 
  yes i guess so , must have been a big surprise !, 
  the water is used for a hydroelectric plant most of the time , and the fall is only `` left on '' as a tourist attraction at certain times . 
  i have some hopes that some kind of `` multi-speed eu '' will get things moving in the right direction . 
  well , for me being a federalist also means that the eu should have a government elected by citizens ( directly or with a parliamentary system ) , not by the national governments . 
  i do n't think there are many federalists around who want the council to continue having most of the power . 
   my opposition to this is more one that i do n't believe it 's right for a military to be under the command of something like the eu - militaries are for countries . 
  well , i 'm a federalist , so ... 
  but just to clarify , i would n't like to go on a spending spree and try to challenge us military power - to do what ? 
  i would just like to invest some money to build a more efficient and powerful eu force to use if needed ( hopefully , never , at least not at home ) . 
   it 's not the running costs , but the initial costs . 
  that 's what i would expect too ( as a project manager , even if not in the defense business ) . 
  but if you do n't try to integrate all units at the same time , i think those integration costs could be kept low enough ( as a % of all the money we spend on defense in the eu , that is ) . 
  and later , even considering all the inefficiencies of big bureaucracies , economies of scale should repay those initial costs multiple times . 
  why would you double your expenditures ? 
  you start creating some more `` euro-corps '' , moving national units to those - integrating those pre-existing units will of course have a cost , but i expect that to be much less than the cost of the units themselves . 
  then you move to other euro-corps , re-using the specialists who worked on the previous integration . 
  what would be the source of such big expenditures ? 
   unifying multiple militaries ( of any size ) is implausible . 
  army integration is not the same as unification , and it can happen in steps anyway . 
  so , what is going on with the official investigation ?? 
  should n't the netherlands still be pretty pissed off for what happened ? 
  but i did n't hear any news in a long time ... 
  it was meant to be a joke ... 
  i thought inflation took some time to catch up in the uk ? 
  anyway , thx , this makes sense . 
   `` it 's hard to quantify how serious , but we 've already seen that since the brexit referendum , uk consumers have been drawing down their savings to an all-time low savings rate , '' mateos y lago said . 
  is this just a coincidence ? 
  or are there really many brits who thought they could start spending more because with brexit they 'll have more money in the future ? 
  and it will last 1000 years !, 
  the eu ** does ** guarantee you do n't find yourselves in the similar situation . 
  you have a vote , you have veto powers on many matters , and , most important difference of all , you are free to leave if you do n't want to accept what the majority of the eu wants ( which is n't necessarily what france and germany want - they do n't have a majority by themselves ) . 
  to be fair , it 's oil that sponsors those regimes , not the west in general . 
  i did eat pizza in several different countries , and , while i agree that you can find lots of bad pizza in italy , i never ate anything better than what you can eat near naples - at least for my taste . 
  regarding my comment , i was just joking , i hoped that was clear enough ... 
  i 'm not able to hate something that i 'm not even able to imagine :d, 
  but they have increased the wealth gap , which is what the problem of the nurse is all about : rich get richer , normal people at best stay the same , often get poorer . 
  so , was this explosive meant to be used in northern ireland ? 
  yeah , threatening the eu has worked so well for turkey 's accession talks in the last decade ... 
  i 'd much rather boycott specific companies that support trump/benefit from this . 
  yes , but when the uk will be outside of the eu , ireland will be by far the biggest english speaking country left . 
  this is not to offend anybody ... 
  i did n't want to offend , but malta has 1/10 the population of ireland ... 
  a global agreement looks impossible to me . 
  but i agree that a eu agreement would be a good start . 
   italy ( and most of the world ) says that if xyz corp is based in another country then that 's where they should pay their tax on profits . 
  ireland agrees with you though and says that xyz corp should pay it where they make the profit . 
  well , then i 'm sure we 'll find an agreement . 
  lol just to be sure , so in your opinion it 's fair that a country steals taxes from sales made in a different country ( like with amazon , google etc. 
  i do n't care if you tax 0 % of what xyz corp makes in ireland . 
  but if you tax 5 % of what xyz corp makes * in italy * , then i 'll do whatever i can to stop that . 
   we do n't specify when stuff is male specific we should also in those cases . 
  because the rest of the eu is n't going to accept that for long ? 
  being the only real native english speaking country in the eu should be a much bigger competitive edge ... 
  should n't the title say `` europe 's women 's porn preferences '' ? 
  do we still have solar panels domestic production ? 
  actually , i think that being `` cannon fodder '' is the least common duty in a modern western army ... 
   i do n't mind having a federal europe , as long as the rights , obligations and democratic accountability are laid out crystal clear . 
  i strongly want a federal europe , and and i agree that the rights , obligations and democratic accountability should be laid out crystal clear . 
  but the reality of things is that national governments are n't going to give up their powers in the eu without a fight . 
  i see a gradual approach as much more feasible : i prefer to start sooner with a limited eu treasury which should manage only some important matters where eu coordination make lot of sense , than to start never with a perfect new system . 
   parties never make coalitions with each other i 'm by no mean an expert in uk politics , but was n't there a tory/libdem coalition government just a few years ago ? 
  no big deal , we were just bantering ... at least i hope so !, 
  well the first time the soviets actually surrendered to germany ... 
  divide et impera ? 
  i see a pattern here - like pro-erdogan outside of turkey ... 
  yes , that would be racism and i actually debated with fellow italians when a few years ago chinese restaurants were being all accused of not being safe because , you know , they were run by chinese . 
  at some joint , having been a great power a century ago is n't going to be enough to keep that kind of privilege . 
  india is going to become the most popolous country on earth , and at some point one of the three biggest economies ( unless the eu becomes a federation before that ) . 
  how do you think smaller countries like the uk or france will be able to keep more international power than them ? 
  lol, 
  i was n't thinking about personally offensive content . 
  i was thinking about `` offensive content '' based on prejudice against a category . 
  personally , i do n't work in restaurants or anything related , and i 've most often downvoted comments that were offensive for categories i do n't belong to ( and will continue to do so ) . 
  are n't we supposed to be dominated by germany ? 
  it 's france now ? 
  are n't downvotes also against offensive comments ? 
  you seem like a reasonable person , so maybe you can re-read your comment and realize that you generalized your anecdotal experience to basically say that whole peoples ( southern europeans ) do n't respect basic hygienic rules , as opposed to other peoples ( northern europeans ) ? 
  regarding the term `` racism '' , which alternative do you suggest ? 
  eg in italy discrimination against roma people is super common and most people against that call it racism , even if roma is n't a race . 
  i downvoted , because saying that `` southern european '' hotel personnel does n't respect basic hygienic rules is nothing but racism .
