  you can also give us back all the money we gave you as structural cohesion funds then . 
  looks like some eu states only agree with eu solidarity when it 's in they are the ones getting solidarity , but give the finger when it 's their turn to show it . 
  `` food insecurity '' here refers to the quality of food ( linked to regulations and controls ) and the ability to feed the nation in case of catastrophes that disrupt food imports . 
  being reliant on cheap imports is good for the economy ( except for farmers ) but bad for food security . 
  but the uk of course can choose what they want to prioritize . 
  the relationship between brexit and london 's future as a world financial center is hotly debated , so , i would say news in one direction or the other are highly relevant . 
  in south tyrol there is a locally majority german-speaking population , but they 're not austrian citizens , they 're italian citizens . 
  do you know the meaning of unenfrceable ? 
  because being unenforceable does n't mean not being valid . 
  you said `` eu transaction taxes and regulatory costs * are * higher '' . 
  not * will be * higher . 
  what do you mean by `` eu '' ? 
  apart from the fact that the uk is still part of the eu , there are states in the eu with even lower regulation and taxes than the uk ( which is something i do n't like btw ) . 
  what london has is a critical mass that other eu financial centers do n't have , and so more liquidity and lower transaction costs , but a hard brexit would greatly erode that advantage . 
  that line of thought is very common here in italy too , but lots of people in the first world do n't understand just * how much * things could get worse , even when they think `` it could n't get any worse '' . 
   gg uk say hello to greece on your way down oh come on . 
  johnson is an a ** , but let 's not get as petty as he is . 
   the cost of financing business is going to increase a little for all of europe if no deal is reached . 
  or the moneylenders will just move where their customers are . 
   it was time to hurt the rich regardless of whether it hurts us normal peasants i can understand the anger , but the reality is that rich people will hurt much less than normal peasants ( as it always happens ) . 
  cutting back on the number of ferraris is n't as bad as cutting back on vacation of even food ... 
  personal dislike from common people is one thing , policy is a completely different thing . 
  especially for a very pragmatic nation like germany . 
  thing is , trump - as the president of the usa - is supposed to be held to a much higher standard than putin . 
  france has generous helps for couples with kids , and relatively high birth rate . 
  same in italy :(, 
  it does n't need to be solely open source . 
  just getting to ( let 's say ) 50 % would be great ... 
  but this schema ( have companies move profits from other eu countries to your own country to pay lower taxes ) only works as long as you are part of the eu . 
  if you 're out , then you need to compete with `` better '' tax havens where the rate is 0 - good luck with that . 
  yes , these things give me hope that there is hope for turkey ... 
  as usual , this did n't include services , which make up much of uk 's exports . 
  what do you mean by `` spend a year . . studying english '' ? 
  that they do n't study it before that year , or that that year is devoted mostly to english ( i suppose that they ca n't spend a year studying english only ) ? 
  would be more honest ... 
  i was very surprised too , and did a quick search which brought out several articles ( in italian ) saying that we are among those who consume the least meat in europe . 
  i suppose they measured different things , somehow ? 
  this is one example : http://tg24.sky.it/salute-e-benessere/2017/03/30/consumo-carne-italia.html, 
  nope , this deal is limited in scope . 
  it has nothing to do with being in the single market ( which includes movement of people and workers ) . 
  i see from wikipedia that the thing is debatable , depending if you 're using the broader or medium or narrower sense ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atheism, 
  i wished there could be something we could do to help . 
  stay strong . 
  let me adapt this saying : `` never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by habits '', 
  same here , and some time ago i searched if there is a specific term , and found it 's `` strong agnostic '' . 
  `` atheist '' means you * know * there is no god , not just that you * believe * it , 
  yes that 's a big issue for sure ... 
  i kid you not , i had several discussions where putin was painted as a champion of democracy in the face of `` corporate/capitalist democracy '' we have in the west ( you know , from people who thought that the ussr was democratic ) . 
  after all , did n't he only annex crimea because there was a democratic referendum there ? 
  are n't most russians voting for him ? 
  what these people refuse to see , in my experience , is n't that putin is imperialistic , but the fact that putin 's russia has no socialist/communist/leftist ideals , not even in name , to justify its oppression of any dissent . 
  unfortunately , i can confirm . 
  but the really sad thing is that some people from the left support putin as if he was a beacon of democracy ( ??? ), 
  against the tyranny of the usa ... 
  italian newspapers say that austria is n't just deploying the army , but even armored vehicles . 
  is that true ? 
  if true , i 'm rofl ... 
  seen after brexit , this just makes me sad . 
  when you 're talking about competition from japan ( or elsewhere ) , the interests of industry lobbyists are usually aligned with those of their workers ( though not of mine as a consumer , but that 's not what we were talking about , were we ? 
  we 'll see , but i trust that our own various industry lobbyists already checked for those things - out of their own interests . 
  i guess you should be answering some comments ... like this , i do n't understand what are you talking about ( the article is pretty aseptic ) . 
  are you serious ? 
  erdogan is an a * hole but he 's not crazy . 
  attacking a nato member would mean suicide for him . 
  again , orwell used as a manual . 
  my point was that in the eu usually regulations to protect workers are much stricter than in the us , so , free trade with us could be a threat to eu workers much more than to us workers ... 
  was n't one of the main points of brexiteters that the uk would be able to conclude many more free trade agreements with lots of countries without the rest of the eu ? 
  it depends a lot whom you make free trade agreements with , specifically , the workers protection laws , average and minimum pay , etc. 
  having good control of the media helps a lot to get there . 
  i wonder how much of this is related to the sharp drop of the pound ? 
  maybe the average uk family did n't adjust its lifestyle to their decreased earnings ( in ppp terms ) and financed the difference with debts ? 
  i 'm asking this because lots of people in italy would like to leave the euro to increase our economic competitiveness ( ie : lower our wages ) but do n't realize what that really means for families . 
  wo n't work . 
  co2 will raise eu average too !, 
   us swedes are quite a trusting bunch when it comes to government institutions looks to me like a positive-feedback virtuous cycle . 
  the opposite of what we have in italy . 
  when we wo n't need so much oil anymore , i 'll be very glad . 
  but that 's completely not related to iran . 
  yes , i think that the eu is a much more important economic partner for iran than the us . 
  will depend a lot on negotiations , i guess . 
  and also the value of pound . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  actually , the idea of `` germans '' the way we mean it today is a very modern one - 18th/19th century ( like the idea of `` italians '' ) . 
  wow , russia is really an inward-looking nation these days ... 
  please no . 
  r/europe would become a mess !, 
  of course , we could make some other language better known than english in the eu - that is , if we can reach a common choice and no state vetoes it , good luck with that . 
  but how long would that take ? 
  30 years ? 
  and for what gain ? 
  i do n't have anything specifically against french ; and for italians , learning french is easier than learning english ( moreover , 1/3 of my family lives in france already ) . 
  my point is that doing such a thing would cost us decades of effort for no gain i can think of . 
  instead we should focus on using our resources in the most useful way . 
  like optimizing our military expenditures and power projection capabilities , and optimizing them in the speediest possible way . 
  that is , using english as the `` common language '' - a language lots of our soldiers speak now . 
  the question should n't be `` why not french ? 
  '' , but instead , `` why french ? '', 
  english is preferable because : * it is already the most widely known language in the eu * it is the most useful language outside of the eu the only reason i could think of to consider french is that it used to be the language of the higher classes in europe until the 19th century . 
  but that 's hardly relevant today . 
  any other good reasons i missed ?
