  the real big problem here is the number of retired people - for a full time employee , 33.4 % of the wage goes to pay pensions . 
  so even if the population grew , the number of retired people grew even faster . 
  very proud of her . 
  thx , fixed !, 
  the irony is that voting no wo n't bring about the complete abolition of the senate ( which was , by the way , impossible to have the senate itself to vote ) but , on the contrary , keep the current version which is much bigger , more powerful , and more expensive ( note : cutting the costs of the senate is something that most italians want ) . 
  if the referendum fails , we 'll probably need to go to new elections with an electoral system where it 's pretty much impossible to get a majority in both houses . 
  considering our current situation , the ensuing instability could easily bring our debt out of control - in which case italy would really be a casualty , think greek scenario but with an economy which is almost 10 times bigger . 
  afaik in ~ ~ sweden ~ ~ finland fines are related to how rich the offender is ? 
  that 's also a good idea . 
  at least from a costs point of view , it 's surely more more efficient to have one bureaucracy working on a deal than having 28 different ones working on the same deals . 
  except norway is n't in the eu ... 
  i think the right question should have been something like : `` in the brexit negotiations , should the eu only think about the interest of its remaining members , or should we also keep in mind the interests of britain ? '', 
  fact is the other eu members ca n't do that - or * they * would get sanctions of some kind . 
  the number of events for the olympic games is much much higher than for the world cup , i guess that plays a role . 
  please tell me you were using sarcasm ... 
  yes those too . 
  but afaik in europe loans to businesses are more important than loans to consumers . 
   those would include forcing the banks not to sit on their money that 's exactly why the ecb has negative deposit rates . 
  but it 's not enough , banks still sit on the money ... 
  the purpose of most banks is to lend money to ~ ~ consumers ~ ~ businesses . 
  do you realize that just seriously talking about leaving the euro will create a capital flight so severe that our debt will become unsustainable , we 'll have to default , banks will fail , people will lose most of their savings , etc. 
  etc. ? 
  how much competitive devaluation would we need to offset all those effects ? 
  if we * also * leave the eu , then we 'll lose access to the single market , and the devaluation of the lira will be offset by tariffs that our former partners will impose on us . 
  we 'll have to compete directly with china & co. 
  if you think this will improve the lives of italians - think again . 
  one might argue we should n't have adopted the euro ( i would beg to differ on this ) . 
  but exiting the euro now will not bring us magically back to the 80s , it wo n't make us rich producing shoes , low tech appliances , and other labor-intensive products . 
  it 's a whole different world today , and our biggest problems are the debt and expensive pensions we accumulated ( mostly during the 80s ) , and the lack of meaningful reforms between 2000 and 2008 , when we stopped lowering our debt , did n't reform our economy , and generally our political system wasted time bickering with the judicial system . 
  today there is no easy solution if we want to keep italians as wealthy as they are compared to most of the world . 
  we need to streamline our political system , make difficult choices when needed , and do the best with what we have instead of always complain and dream about using a time machine to go back to a past which is gone for good . 
  you mean those same 80s when our public debt went from 55 % of gdp to almost 100 % of gdp ? 
  those years when many women could retire before being 50 , having paid less than 15 years of contributions , creating the burden that current generations have to pay back ? 
  yes , those high growth years were totally sustainable . 
  i think the `` leave town '' reference was about the irony of the town 's vote directly destroying jobs there . 
  ford for sure does n't care if the town where they operate a factory is for `` leave '' or `` remain '' . 
   the real unemployment rate in spain is probably closer to 15 % ( similar to italy ) than to 25 . 
  italy has 11.6 % and unfortunately we also have a lot `` lavoro nero '' ( black market jobs - people working without contracts and paying taxes ) . 
  i wonder though if people working without a contract in greece and spain have more incentives to be looking as `` unemployed '' instead of `` inactive '' . 
  so much that we just got a form of gay marriage ... 
  afaik this is already being done in many places , but it is very difficult to scale to the amount of energy we will need to store . 
  there are lots of people who think that 's entirely feasible ... adding / s would have been helpful !, 
   europe switches to 100 % renewable energy first , we need to find an economical and reliable way to store energy for when the sun is n't shining and the wind is n't blowing . 
  i 'm all for renewables , but we need to be realistic . 
  you should check your facts . 
  eurasia has always been at war with eastasia . 
  forums make it very easy to misunderstand . 
  in your sarcasm, 
  ok thanks makes sense . 
  so basically they are pro-single-market but not pro-political-europe ? 
  so you mean that outside poland they are described a euroskeptics but are not ? 
  honest question . 
  i had understood that the last election was won by pretty strong eurskeptics . 
  that 's where i got this impression ( probably wrong ... ) . 
  thanks , this is a really insightful explanation !, 
   it 's not true . 
  why do you have such an impression ? 
  but was n't the last election won by pretty strong eurskeptics ? 
  that 's what i had understood . 
  but was n't the last election won by pretty strong eurskeptics ? 
  that 's what i had understood . 
  ok thanks for the explanation . 
  eli5 : can somebody from poland tell me why , with a big economic success that the eu membership helped poland achieve , anti-eu sentiment is so strong there ? 
  inequality growth can make it so that even if the economy grows ( the pie becomes bigger ) , the middle and lower classes do n't get any improvements ( their slices stay the same ) , or even get worse ( they get smaller slices ) . 
  trickle down effects are not guaranteed at all . 
  how could the eu stop this ? 
  hope this wo n't happen - it 's not students ' fault if brexit happened . 
  solidarity to greece . 
  what did we have in 1976 ? 
  did you mean a free trade zone ? 
  because you ca n't have an economic union without lots of common/uniformed policies , and thus a political union . 
  unfortunately , it looks like an old and dead project : their last post on facebook is from 2013 ( ca n't link it here ... ) . 
  yes , and that is a problem . 
  we need to either resign to a future where each eu country goes by itself , and will be easily bullied by the much bigger and soon enough stronger powers which are arising ( besides the usa , china , india , even russia ) , or find a way to make the union really work : more democratic , more powerful . 
   people tolerate anything the state imposes , that reduces their quality of life in this case it 's the opposite - they tolerate that the state does n't impose safety regulations for food . 
  if country x kept devaluing its currency to gain a competitive advantage against other countries which ca n't impose any tariffs because of the single market , would n't this damage the workers in those other countries ? 
  just to clarify , i was criticizing his suggestion , not poland as a country . 
  i was n't criticizing poland in general ( i do n't know enough about the specifics of poland 's politics to do that ) but your statement : `` we should ride this train for as long as we can and only adopt the euro when the previous statement is no longer true '' . 
  this statement expresses very clearly an attitude which says : let 's just think about our own interest , without considering anything ( and anybody ) else . 
  if all eu countries will do that the eu will break up and it will be worse for everybody . 
  this attitude ( take as much as you can , give as little as you can ) will get you so many friends in the rest of the eu . 
  that 's exactly the reason why i wrote `` something like the '' . 
  having a party that is really european , and not just a coalition of local national parties , is very difficult , but if we never start , we 're sure to never have one . 
  i 'd like to vote something like the european federalist party ( even if i do n't know them well enough to be able to say if the actual party is good enough ) . 
  whic in turn was an allegory based on trotsky and stalin ... 
   well , a lot of them think i should `` go back to india too '' apart from everything else , as if immigration from india had anything to do with being int he eu ... 
  i do n't know if that will happen or not ( hope it will ) , but anyway individual countries can give citizenship to anybody they want without waiting for negotiations at eu level . 
  except ... they also regularly overpromise , and then have to go back if they win . 
  this already happened to many 5 stars mayors . 
  too true . 
  and when pressed on hard matters , they say they 'll just hold a referendum . 
  nobody can really know what will happen , but scotland could become a very desirable english-speaking eu member for multinationals to base their operations in . 
  one of the main advantages of gas power is that it 's easy to throttle up or down , depending on demand and on non-dependable sources like wind and solar . 
  who needs to represent all ~ ~ 28 ~ ~ 27 constituent positions ... 
   someone , that would speak in the name of europe , without the approval of europe , would be a dictator . 
  approval of europe is not the same as approval of each single government . 
  an elected european government/president/prime minister could speak for the eu democratically . 
  so , war makes nation poorer ? 
  hardly a surprising fact . 
  have you looked at the pretty big trade surplus you have regarding services ?
