  if the usa became so isolationist as to withdraw from nato ... nato would be finished . 
  the eu would be forced to turn itself into a strong military alliance with its own nuclear capabilities . 
  but i really do n't think it will come to that . 
  what you say is true . 
  `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' has always been a big driver of alliances . 
  the point is : in this day , who is the `` real enemy '' of nato ? 
  there is no military superpower and sworn enemy like the ussr was when it was created . 
  imho the enemy is those who want to destroy liberal democracy . 
  like bin laden and now isis , like putin ... and , more and more , like erdogan . 
  back in the day the leader of turkey would have never menaced 60 % of the population of their nato allies . 
  erdogan just did . 
  what gives ? 
  i know that , but as you might know that was a choice by the party , not the voters . 
  i do n't wish for a trade war , but the `` what is from stopping the uk government doing the same but with say trains in the uk '' is n't so strong an argument considering the relative size of the two markets . 
  in case of a trade war eu companies would be hurt in the uk market , but they would also have less competition from uk companies inside the eu which is something that in many markets - i think transportation is one of those - they would love . 
  eu = welfare state = obamacare = socialism = communism = we hate them, 
  if erdogan stays in power and continues like this , i think we ca n't stay in the same alliance with him . 
  these words are intolerable . 
  did you mean `` bashing ourselves '' ? 
  i really would n't have expected italy to be more liberal on this than eg germany and austria ... 
  but it 's even worse when they do damages to your country without even creating jobs there ... 
  this really hurts . 
  my solidarity to all turks who are threatened by erdogan 's repression . 
  well , for those legal things which every citizen has to be able to understand the official source it makes sense . 
  for something like this though - translating important political debates - i think we should just go with english , otherwise it 's unsustainable . 
  wow ... a bln !, 
  that 's a ton of money . 
  til . 
  this sounds like a great proposal for a eu funded project ... maybe we should push it somehow ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  it 's all about how much of them you eat ... , 
  hm ... how is english `` non-european '' ? 
  and is n't the very idea of a lingua franca being one common language ? 
  which , believe me , will reduce cultural differences through increased communication , but wo n't erase them for sure . 
  italy has had a common language which was taught as the first or only language for at least 100 years , and yet we still have big cultural differences between our different parts . 
   depending on how this would be made , i suspect that european films masking this diversity in profit of comprehension and marketing to the anglosphere , will make it seem `` off '' at best and `` american wannabe '' at worst . 
  i may be wrong . 
  my whole point is that we need to make it not seem off anymore - it 's not so straightforward , but i think doable . 
  necessary , if we want to make that dent ... 
  i can read french and spanish well enough , and sometimes read articles from spanish or french news outlets . 
  i also studied german for 5 years , but it 's very very rusty . 
  regarding the culture , i have both french and spanish relatives and spent enough time with them , and watch movies and sometimes tv shows from all over europe from time to time ( dubbed or with subtitles ) - i could rate myself 6 ? 
  but honestly , i find it much much easier to communicate with other europeans in english , and to read eg german articles in english . 
  there is just so much time you can dedicate to learning foreign languages . 
  yes i watched the movie , and it was purposefully made to look american , set in the us , with american main characters . 
  what i 'm talking about is different : creating movies that are set primarily in europe , with mostly european main characters , but built for an international - or at least pan-european - audience , not just for one specific country . 
  hollywood makes lots of successful movies where most of the action happens in europe , so the setting would n't be the problem . 
  having non-brit european main characters with whom a large audience can identify themselves is more challenging , but that 's exactly what you need to make a dent ... 
   it will be scotland which suffers more if closed off from the 59m population + large market that is the rest of uk , while the ruk closed off from 5m population scotland is n't going to be the end of the world . 
  otoh scotland would n't lose a market of around 500 million people ( the eu without the rest of the uk ) . 
  yes , but learning to really speak one foreign language is already difficult enough ... 
  on the contrary , if english became a real lingua franca in the eu , then we would be able to make a much bigger dent into the us dominated global culture . 
  just think about cinema : a truly french or german or italian movie will never become a global blockbuster . 
  instead co-productions targeting english from the start can . 
  and what about spanish , which has more speakers than french and german combined ? 
  and what about italian , which has such a great tradition with dante etc ? 
  and then why should n't we all also learn dutch or finnish or basque , are they second rate languages ? 
  the reality is that , if we want to be able to build strong cultural relationships inside the eu , the only option for a lingua franca is english . 
  who cares about may , trump , or even the uk and usa . 
  it 's useful for us , not for them . 
   it is mandatory for every french student to learn two foreign languages honestly , this looks to me like a policy purposefully designed to stop english becoming too well known in france . 
  for the average student , it 's already difficult to master one foreign language ... 
  having had berlusconi for 10 years as our premier , i understand you very well . 
  trump is n't `` permanent '' \u00b7, 
   in the things he 's done , he 's nowhere near as bad as bush i hope we will be able to say this four years from now ... 
  thanks , really did n't know this . 
  i always read that the turkish government was fiercely opposed to the kurds having more power/autonomy , thought this applied to erdogan too . 
  the fact that a kurd entity could be allied with erdogan blows my mind . 
  oh ok now i got it !, 
  moreover , trump actually got 4 million fewer votes than h. clinton ... 
  til - really interesting , 
  german speakers in sudtirol in italy are considered a minority in italy , while german speakers in germany or austria are n't - because they 're the majority there . 
  roma and sinti are a minority in each eu country , that 's whty the total number of them who live as a minority is so high . 
  according to this line of reasoning , how could abortion etc. 
  be legal in so many 90 % catholic countries ? 
  yet , it is . 
  just out of curiosity , is there any way to monetize a surplus of cheap , clean water ? 
  are you sure those numbers account for services ? 
  i have very often seen such discrepancies because of this . 
  source : exports totaled $ 495 billion ; imports totaled $ 587 billion . 
  the u.s. goods and services trade deficit with the eu was $ 91 billion in 2014 . 
  the united states had $ 699 billion in total ( two ways ) goods trade with the european union during 2015 , its largest goods trade partner . 
  european union | united states trade representative https://ustr.gov/countries-regions/europe-middle-east/europe/european-union, 
  at least in my understanding , `` aligning with '' is a completely different thing than `` expanding trade with '' ... 
  from a quick search :  exports totaled $ 495 billion ; imports totaled $ 587 billion . 
  the u.s. goods and services trade deficit with the eu was $ 91 billion in 2014 . 
  the united states had $ 699 billion in total ( two ways ) goods trade with the european union during 2015 , its largest goods trade partner . 
  with these numbers , we ca n't say that it 's `` mostly them buying our stuff '' as the op put it , 
  european subsidiaries of us companies usually `` export '' all their profits abroad , without paying much ( if at all ) taxes in the eu on them in the . 
  if instead you 're referring to vat ( which they collect for services sold int he eu ) keep in mind that vat is a tax on consumers , not on companies . 
  well i think/hope that `` aligning with china '' is an ultra-minority view in this sub , 
  i do n't think anybody was thinking about making a first move ... 
  trade is n't only about physical stuff , it 's also about services , movies etc. 
  but of course a trade war would n't be a good thing for us ( nor the us ) . 
  thing is , what if trump starts one regardless ? 
  out of curiosity , does anybody know if those products are priced the same in the west and the east ? 
  lol , regarding news it was the same for me - and i actually live in italy ... 
  i heard is was like that , about tv . 
  guess you will focus more on english in the future ? 
  actually `` eu countries '' .
