30k look like too much for this , but the principle is certainly right . 
   but i do n't think the president-elect puts much stock in soft-power , he seems to be advocating forms of isolationism agreed - we 'll see if he follows through and what will happen ... 
  the us special status today is much more dependent on soft power than military power . 
  if trump follows up on his promises and starts threatening the us traditional allies ( import tariffs/trade wars , disempowering nato , etc ) he 's going to lose that soft power quickly enough . 
  look , berlusconi was n't `` backed by big companies/media '' . 
  he was the big media/companies . 
  berlusconi came forward as the already-rich-self-made-man ( he was a multi-billionaire at the time of his election ) who comes from outside politics to `` make it clean '' . 
  does this sound like clinton ... or trump ? 
  how so ? 
  it 's not a great admirer of hillary , but i really do n't see any parallels between her and berlusconi . 
  while i see lots of them with trump . 
  one thing we could do from the grassroots is promote the idea of a united europe in popular culture . 
  as an example of a starting point that could work even with limited forces , what about a contest for the best sci-fi stories set in a world with a united europe , and having european heroes/protagonists ? 
  lately i 've been thinking often enough if something like this could work , and if it would be good - or at least better than allowing the eu to disintegrate . 
  would gladly welcome you if you ever felt the need to come , 
  i would n't say a majority here , but many would . 
  i would . 
  well , you know what ? 
  we do n't get to decide this anyway , 
  of course thinking people in italy should do the same . 
  i would n't see that as conceding something to the uk , but to individual uk citizens . 
  anyway , it 's just an idea . 
  honestly i do n't have a strong opinion about this , but giving this right to individual uk citizens who ask for it would look to me like a sign of strength , not of weakness . 
  it would n't be like giving the uk access to the single market while limiting freedom of movement - that would really be bad for us . 
  one thing i 'm wondering about is what will happen now with populist movements in eastern europe who are against the eu but scared of russia , and were counting on the us for protection . 
  iirc trump is against the us paying do defend its allies . 
  at this point , is n't a more united eu the only guarantee against an emboldened putin for ee ? 
  that 's possible , but it 's also up to us to make it not happen . 
  because , if some open-minded uk citizens come here - i guess not many brexiters would use that - is also good for us ? 
  it 's also up to us . 
  by the way , the referendum can backfire and that would be bad for italy , but not fatal . 
  instead i do n't see le pen winning . 
  i do n't have that much `` hope '' , but it also depends on us . 
  we ( people who are worried about this trend ) need to understand that , if we just wait and leave the initiative to the the bigots , we 're going to end up badly ... 
  yes , it 's time we get our shit together and really unite . 
  personally , i would n't mind leaving that right to those who want it . 
  after all , 48 % of voters wanted to stay in the eu . 
  well , that means that you 'll most likely wo n't join . 
  but you still could , 
  i guess the exemption is a guarantee that you ca n't be forced to participate , but would n't stop you if you chose to participate ? 
  for these violent protesters it 's a mix . 
  most of them were from from the extreme left and they are against renzi because he is `` destroying the left '' by being too centrist . 
  background : we currently have a coalition government which includes politicians/small parties from the centre-right because the last elections did n't yield an autonomous majority in both houses for the centre-left democratic party and its allies . 
  tensions are heightened by the upcoming referendum on a constitutional reform ( which is mostly aimed at avoiding this kind of situations for the future , with two different majorities in the houses ) . 
  honestly , the goal from the start was to break into renzi 's `` convention '' by any mean possible - or at least to make so much noise as to overshadow it in the press ( which they accomplished ) . 
  it was never intended to be a pacific march , which would have been mostly ignored . 
  i agree , there is a lot of stupid talk on both sides . 
  but still , i just wanted to point out that not giving `` single market access '' without freedom of movement would not be a special punishment , it would just be par for the course . 
   the uk to be petulantly punished not getting a super-special deal that nobody else ever got is n't the same as being `` petulantly punished '' . 
  it 's unrealistic because , without nukes , russia is in no position to wage a world war . 
  and with nukes , there is no world war , just mutual destruction in a few hours . 
  so , in either case , no world war . 
  true that . 
  but from what i understand it 's a politically impossible choice for a uk government to make . 
  trying to conquest the center . 
  i just hope moderate austrians do n't fall for this falsehoods . 
  actually we do have some oil operations but much further south of these earthquakes ( basilicata ) . 
  this all makes me so sad . 
  thanks . 
  luckily even if it was the strongest in a very long time there are no deaths for now , as most people in the area had left their homes after the earlier quakes . 
  one more factual error is saying that referendums will require a higher number of signatures to be started . 
  actually , you 'll be able to have one with the same rules as now and the same number of signatures , but if you get more signatures the quorum will be reduced . 
  well , no - at least , not yet . 
  for now the only relevant position of power where a m5s candidate was elected is the mayor of rome . 
   would italians start to send their money abroad , like the greeks after the syriza win ? 
  i think many would do so . 
  you can like the constitutional reform or not , but claiming that , if it does n't pass , we will easily and orderly do another one is utterly delusional . 
  there would be barely the minimum technical time to do so before the end of the current legislature even if there was a political consensus on the actual reform to implement . 
  but the only consensus among the many opposition forces is the will to see renzi fail . 
  there is no alternative plan whatsoever . 
  i 've read the whole reform and did n't find anything shady in it . 
  i 'm curious to learn what are you referring to . 
  i read galeazzo ciano 's ( mussolini 's foreign minister and son in law ) diary and can confirm that the invasion was organized without german knowledge . 
  by the way , i apologize for what we did . 
  i 'm not surprised ; i used to live on the 6th floor and i felt earthquakes much more than on the 1st floor . 
  otoh only half of russians back that repression . 
  what about the other half ? 
  wow , so far way ? 
  are you in a tall building ? 
  glad to hear that . 
  you mean that the referendum wo n't pass , or that orban will never have a referendum ? 
  dear orban , feel free to have a referendum to exit . 
  i also propose that the choice of this negotiation language must be approved unanimously by each council of each region of each state in the eu . 
  otherwise we 'll lose our sovereignty / s, 
  my sovereignty is expressed at the local , national and eu level . 
  for international commerce , the right level is imho the eu level . 
  i do n't have a clear opinion about ceta , but we just ca n't have a system where a single region of a single member state can veto this kind of agreements . 
  it 's suicide for the eu . 
  honestly , what good would you expect to get from that ? 
  there are also structural problems , but as an italian i think we should blame much more 10 years of berlusconi governments ( and thus ourselves ... ) for our bad economic performance since the euro than the euro itself , which at least brought the interest rates on our massive public debt down to a manageable levels . 
  well , `` moscow is the third rome '' is a pretty big thing in russia afaik . 
  so translation from politics-speak it 's probably a real reduction ... 
  for sure putin knows exactly where eu and nato start . 
  so , is total spending being cut , increased , or kept the same ? 
  yes , increased military spending but under the nato umbrella - they 're always worried about us creating something `` parallel '' to nato . 
  which is something i understand , but do n't agree with . 
  well i can tell you that many in italy actually believed putin 's propaganda . 
  even if the buk was operated by just rebels - which is not likely - the russian armed forces would still be involved , as they gave those rebels the buk . 
  unless you think that the buk was stolen ... 
  it 's just based on a much higher risk of hard-brexit i guess .
