  low interest rates wo n't last forever , and if they do n't tackle this problem it can become a big drag on future growth for decades ( as our public debt has been for italy since the 1990s ) . 
  well yes of course everything is relative  but afaik there is already a considerable difference between the us and the uk . 
  at least in italy , i can tell you for sure that `` liberale '' means right wing , because the term is associated with economic liberalism ( ie deregulation , low taxes etc. ) . 
  in the usa , it is mostly associated with social liberalism ( meaning that you do n't have to conform to traditional moral values/customs ) . 
  honestly i 'm not sure about the rest of europe ... 
  i do n't think the proponents have in mind to put all armies under `` total european control '' . 
  because of the traditional neutrality ? 
  btw `` liberalism '' has completely different meanings depending where you are : in the us it mean `` left-wing '' , in many other places it means `` right-wing '' ... 
  i agree with you ; i was n't talking about the legality of the two things , just about the moral implications the previous poster made . 
  the difference is that mercedes and bmw are paying minimal taxes on their production plants in the us , because they create jobs there . 
  apple produces nothing in the eu , they sell very high priced made in china products making the largest profits of any tech company and pay minimal taxes ( both here and in the us ) . 
  is n't debt to gdp growing at an alarming rate though , for the first time surpassing 100 % ? 
  here in italy we had strong growth during the 1980s , but it was fueled by deficit spending and we got to 125 % debt/gdp by the nineties . 
  since then , this high debt has been a big big burden and one of the main reasons we grew so little afterwords . 
  that 's exactly why i wrote `` technically '' . 
  well , technically russia is almost tied with saudi arabia and the usa as the biggest oil producer in the world . 
  thanks a lot for the thought !, 
  thanks . 
  fortunately here in rome everything is ok . 
  it was just 6.2 but it was very close to the surface ( less than 10km if i 'm right ) . 
  for the same energy , closer to the surface means much more damage even if for a more limited area . 
  the first tally is at least 16 casualties . 
  unfortunately , lots of buildings collapsed in small towns , so it will take time to have the real number . 
   but you 're still hedging all your bets . 
  instead of sending an a and b player from 28 countries , you 're now sending just an a and b player . 
  i thought we were only talking about team sports at this point ... 
  anyway , i think we each made our point and did n't convince the other , we can move on , 
  i for one feel as much european as much as italian . 
   so no , the maths does n't support necessarily winning more golds . 
  i agree that it does n't * necessarily * means winning more golds - with statistics it 's always about chances , not about necessity . 
  but with lots of sports it would easily increase the chances of winning a gold a lot - eg rowing , fencing , relays - and in other sports it would increase the chances a bit less , but still a lot - eg football , waterpolo , etc. 
  just look how many basketball gold medals the usa won at the games ... you cite leicester , but exceptions like that are perfectly compatible with the law of big numbers . 
  one last note about the language barrier : that 's not a problem at all , just look at all the best professional football teams where you usually have half or more of the players coming from all over the world . 
   it 's not mathematically possible . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what is mathematically impossible is to win as many/more total medals . 
  but it 's mathematically possible - and statistically likely - to win more * gold * medals in team events . 
  if you have math to prove the contrary , i 'm curious to see it . 
  i see your points , but i 'm still convinced that overall we would win more golds in team events . 
  alas , we 'll never know ( at least not in my lifetime ) . 
  my point is that in team sports eu teams would win many more gold medals - and rankings are based on gold first . 
  for example we ( italy ) lost the volleyball gold to brasil , and germany lost the football gold to brasil , but a team with all the best players from the eu would win most golds . 
  that 's not to say we should do that . 
  only that we would have fewer total medals , but more gold ones in team sports . 
  that 's true for individual sports , but for team sports it would be an advantage . 
  you forgot croatia ( 17th , population 4,2 million ) . 
  yes at least a part of the money went to improving the situation for the population , but now that oil prices are down , putin 's rich friends are still becoming richer , while the average russian has become noticeably poorer - ie , when he needs to choose , it 's the average person who has to sacrifice , not the rich friend . 
  berlusconi was a terrible leader who caused us a lot of problems , and i 'm ashamed of how long we voted for him ( i did n't vote for him , but we as italians did ) . 
  but here at least in the end we got rid of him , while in russia it look like it 's impossible to get rid of putin . 
  i read a bit about this because i was curious , and the most convincing explanation is that indian society puts very low value on sport in general , and discourages seriously engaging in that . 
  with few exceptions , like cricket , where there is a lot of money . 
  i agree that it 's cameron who created the whole mess , but `` pretty certain it being next year '' does n't clarify much at all . 
  after you invoke article 50 there are two full years to conclude negotiations , waiting like this will only increase resentment from the rest of the eu . 
  actually it 's more the uk pm creating uncertainty about when article 50 will be invoked . 
  not still running , but pretty recent and very good : romanzo criminale https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanzo_criminale_%e2%80%93_la_serie, 
  i 'm not sure if it would qualify 100 % for your request , but `` vikings '' is irish/canadian and it 's a very good show . 
   the bridge ( broen/bron ) just watched season one , very interesting . 
   `` brexit confidence grows '' did they actually mean confidence that brexit will be postponed for a long time grows ? 
  thanks to putin and , most importantly , to oil costing more than $ 100/barrel . 
  i 'm not basing my assessment from western media , but from friends and family living in russia . 
  title is misleading - maybe it 's first gold ever in women 's beach volleyball , but the article itself says that in london germany took the gold for men 's beach volleyball . 
  it got worse for friends of friends in moscow and other smaller cities . 
  of course it 's anecdotal and ymmv . 
  the incredible thing about russia is just how willing to sacrifice the ordinary citizen is for putin 's glory ( i know from relations that life for the average russian has gotten really worse during the last year ) . 
  i find it admirable from one point of view , but it also makes me really sad to see how powerful modern propaganda can be even now that other points of view are just one click away . 
  the function is to signal that it 's a minority ( according to the writer , at least ) . 
  their positions are actually pretty vague by design , as they say they want some kind of direct democracy through pretty vague systems based on the web . 
  what sends shivers down my spine are mostly two facts : 1 . 
  they are riding the anti-euro sentiment hard and are proposing a referendum to exit the euro . 
  if they come to a position where they could go forward with this , even before any referendum is actually organized , there will be a capital flight that will kill us economically ( and most likely will make us default on our debt ) . 
  more in general they are against the `` official experts '' and `` professional politicians '' - which in practice means that their leaders have zero government experience . 
  i 'm actually against politicians-for-life , but i also think you need to gain experience step by step before you can actually make difficult political choices . 
  in italy there 's a lot of people who hate `` the system '' and think that somehow putin is against `` the system '' ( not knowing that putin 's system is * much , much worse * for the average citizen than our own one ) . 
  this sentiment is also fueled by a smallish but very vocal minority who from the far left and the far right who hate the usa and see putin as a counterbalance to them . 
  it 's not easy , but i 'm hopeful the referendum will confirm the reform . 
  it 's true that lots of people will vote no just against renzi , but the reform will reduce substantially the number of mps in italy ( currently we have over 1 thousands ) , which is something that probably 90 % of italians want . 
  also , this reform is the only real chance for the `` 5 stars movement '' to hope to form a government in the future if they get a majority in the elections , so , even if they have to be against it because they just ca n't support anything that comes from renzi , i think many of their voters will actually vote `` yes '' . 
  this last thing of course is a double edged sword and the idea that the 5 stars could actually apply their crazy proposals sends shivers down my spine , but i prefer to have a system where whoever gets the popular support can get things done instead of one where every single choice requires months of haggling and compromises . 
  if we paid the same for training , but hundreds of millions less for licenses , that would be a great saving . 
  which structural reforms would you suggest ? 
  after addressing the pension system ( only for future pensions , unfortunately , but you ca n't get people out of retirement i guess ) we recently did a pretty big liberalization regarding the job market and a constitutional reform that will allow future governments to be much more stable and will make the legislative process much leaner - this is pending a referendum in the autumn . 
  i do n't see any structural reforms that can get results fast at the moment . 
  if there 's demand , linux and libreoffice training can be set up very quickly . 
  regarding support , that will depend a lot on how many different computer models are used in a given office . 
  it 's true that the eu would win fewer medals for individual sports if it was just one nation/team . 
  but it would also win more medals for team sports . 
  agreed on that , but fortunately that view is n't so prevalent . 
  i 'm also under the impression that a lot of those who hold that view get it because even if individual italians are mostly hard working , when organizations get bigger our culture makes it really difficult to make things work , we easily become bureaucratic in the worst sense of the term , and things get done very very slowly . 
   i 'm referring to pre-negotiations . 
  may could `` pre-negotiate '' that the eu will pay the uk danegeld for a hundred years for conceding us the privilege of still being their friends , but when the time comes for the european parliament to ratify the treaty , the value of those pre-negotiations will be zero . 
  not even counting the veto power of all 27 member states . 
   therefore , not triggering a50 strengthens may 's negotiating position . 
  if she triggered it now , time would be on their side instead of hers . 
  or it could piss off so much the other eu states that the hawks will prevail , and will offer the uk the worst possible agreement . 
  we already retirement age a lot - for my generation , it will be at least 67 years old . 
  unfortunately , it 's impossible to make this retroactive . 
  and lowering pension payments is politically impossible , especially with zero inflation ( with higher inflation , it 's possible to gradually lower the pensions in real terms ) . 
  for me it 's not about `` blaming '' - you 're right that we voted berlusconi in power and that 's our own fault . 
  but it 's also true that for many years after the crisis began , the ecb insisted with keeping interest rates higher than the fed , mostly because of pressure from germany , and that brought about a strong euro which badly hurt exports for italy , france , and many other countries . 
  most important factors : high debt to gdp and very high pensions to gdp .
