the reaction of most of his viewers would be `` yeah , but stil ... '' , even if they see this . 
  people do n't give a damn about facts . 
  a bunch of ukrainians comes to mind ... 
  do people really think de niro is a good actor ? 
  he 's basicly a steven seagal that can make really intense frowny face . 
  did you see someone claiming they 're not ? 
  or that they should be punished ? 
  no , people are just saying they 're cowards who prefer the easy stance rather than the just one . 
  and maybe this is n't a quality you 're looking for in a news outlet . 
  who knows what they 'll decide not to show tomorrow because it might be offensive to someone ? 
  but then you have the generation that grew in the nineties , through the turbulent reforms , poverty and rise of the organised crime . 
  they associate all that with the western influence and think russian conservativism and authoritarian rule is the alternative . 
  but pretty much aside from the paid agents and old nostalgic communist you have a loud minority of young , pour , angry uneducated people led by demagogues and opportunists . 
  basically people are dumb and angry . 
  in communist times we were well off , had jobs and less crime . 
  for some people that was completely enough to be happy . 
  then in the 90 's times were rough and we 're still to recover . 
  so the easiest conclusion is that without communism there is n't security . 
  and since the western countries defeated the communism , they also `` took er ' jewbs '' . 
  so the west is the enemy and russia is our ally . 
  you can imagine how a not very bright person can this argument . 
  probably there is an analogous political movement in your country as well . 
  as for the reason for the support for russia despite the atrocities : dude , there are kids from western europe fighting for isis , fuck me if i understand anything anymore . 
  no , it is n't . 
  i 'm just saying that i ca n't understand why anyone joins anything these days . 
  you would n't borrow a feeling . 
  or can you ? 
  best use [ nsfw ], 
  someone should make that gif . 
  huh , so he does have a butthole . 
  dinner party with mike and jan ( snip , snap , snip , snap ) !, 
  oh my god , i 'm scarred for life . 
  recently i rewatched the show and lost my shit when that episode started . 
  also the whole cocaine thing and the rehab . 
  poor old pooch . 
  you had to be a neckbeard about it , did n't you . 
  either this motherfucker is kimi raikkonen 's grandfather , or all finns are the same . 
  either way , kudos !, 
  and where 's that sexy robot i asked you about a week ago ? 
  gee , i did all the hard work by coming up with the idea : she 'll have big boobs , low standards and her name shall be nancy . 
   i were a man , i would n't risk sleeping with someone that fucked up, 
  but since you 're a lady it 's ok ? 
  do you think women do n't take advantage of drunk men who would n't sleep with them otherwise ? 
  still men do n't have the option to shift responsibility for their drunken bullshit . 
  getting drunk is n't license to consequence free actions . 
  if you commit a crime while drunk , you will be sued , so why deciding whether to have sex is out of your control ? 
  do n't get me wrong , there are plenty of creeps who pray upon drunken women and rape them for real , but not every intercourse with a drunk person is automatically a rape . 
  edit : maybe i got a bit too worked up , now that i red your comment again i mostly agree with you . 
  it 's just a dangerous idea : giving a remorseful hungover person an easy way out . 
  `` you did dumb shit , embarrassed yourself , lost respect of your friends , you may lose your significant other , and now you have to live with all the implications of having unsafe sex with a stranger , all because of your lack of self control . 
  but you can make it all go away with one magic word . 
  because you were drunk and if you say so , others were responsible for your actions . '', 
  at least some people ( man and women ) will be tempted , i 'm just saying . 
  and yet you do nothing about it . 
  50 000 fuckung russians went out to protest against putin , and those guys hate protesting and love putin . 
  wtf usa ? 
  a * single * article , really ? 
  nah dude , that 's not * remotely controversial * stupidity . 
  that 's straight up evil shit . 
  you ca n't just rape people , destroy their livelihood and hope no one will come after you . 
  i hope you 're right and these days are over . 
  no its totally brighter for real i swear, 
  it says right there in the description - brigtled \u2122 technology, 
  its lasers and science and shit, 
  you dumb, 
  good thing all of those people died so you can be funny on the internet . 
  i 'm sure their loved ones will be proud of their sacrifice when they read your flawlessly crafted joke . 
  fuck you and your originality , referentiality and desensitization . 
  you are a sick little fuck . 
  no , that 's my grandad . 
  or maybe you 're a cunt . 
  good luck finding someone to take your bet . 
  that boggles my mind though : two pills cost $ 90 because most people ca n't afford to pay for them because they 're $ 90 . 
  i call bullshit too . 
  i agree . 
  and that 's what makes me kind of mad . 
  it 's really easy and nice to think that only several thousands of officers loyal to a wacky ideology are capable of such things . 
  that normal people would never allow it to happen , because of their moral compass , human empathy , etc. 
  it 's too damn easy to forget the lesson from the whole thing : each and every one of us has the potential to do or tolerate evil . 
  we just need to stop keeping ourselves in check and the right rationalization . 
  wait , so answers to an ama by definition ca n't be false ? 
   it took 12 years to make, 
  also known as `` look ma ' no hands '' effect . 
  well , i 've always claimed national socialism is a democratic movement aiming to overcome social division , achieve higher living standard and unite the people through providing universal employment and opposing the ideas of marxism and capitalism . 
  yet some misinformed dummies are always drawing funny conclusions just because some of the millions of nazis committed a bit of genocide . 
  and yet you still fail to see my point : there 's a huge gap between the ideas feminism was found upon and claims to defend and the things it done and is most famous for . 
  just like , you know , nazism . 
  and you do n't have the right to judge people for making opinions about feminism as a whole based on things feminists say and do instead of the dictionary definition of the word . 
  do we know he 's resisting ? 
  maybe the piece of shit told him to run so he can say he shot him because he resisted arrest . 
  it 's hard to believe the guy really planned to escape on foot , being old and slow and leaving his car behind . 
  attach this and you solved world 's energy problems forever :, 
  in this town we obey the laws of physics , you damn lowlife !, 
  that will teach you not to try to short-circuit my teaser !, 
  i 'll beat the superconductivity right out of you !, 
  hey future historians , have fun explaining that when you write about 21st century . 
  little did he knew , reddit 's machine is circlejerk powered and we 're all stuck in 1910 . 
  and voted for eisenhower . 
  i hope it 's just a generation thing . 
  people who grew around the 70 's always struck me as way too distrustful towards establishment .
