  those sweet ass arm deals tho ... 
   safety course, 
   little gun homicides, 
   sense, 
  psh , in fascist canada of course . 
  if jesus did not plan for americans to shoot guns he would not invent index fingers and freedom . 
  and you know who were famous for using it ? 
  when he says `` you did n't noticed it 's not x country '' but for the first time you have actually noticed it loses all it 's charm . 
  adele is the ultimate crazy ex . 
  some of her lyrics freaks me the fudge up . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  yet again . 
  think of rush limbaugh joining the wbc and getting punched on national tv . 
  the internet is understandably excited . 
   set up a telescope on the dark side, 
  the moon does n't have a dark side . 
  does it really need too be manned though ? 
  so it 's not really a `` side '' . 
  and here 's the original , jaboody is hilarious . 
  chicks were watching . 
  [ dormouse from what ] ( https://youtu.be/hmudvmiitou?t=21s ), 
  it 's tim burton 's alice in wonderland, 
  they are still lagging behind saddam , at least from what i 've read . 
  but a solid second nonetheless . 
  they are the kanye of muslims . 
  `` yo , allah , i 'm really happy for you and imma let you finish , but 2015 is one of the best years for end times ever ! '', 
  so they went over those brochures after all ? 
  that 's a hell of a map you got there buddy !, 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_quarterly_report ), 
  or even better , kick hiss ass and steal his gopro . 
  his plan seems kinda flawed . 
  and this is the exact reason i miss the eggcam . 
  if we could n't see the faces he made , it would sound like he 's too bored to wait for answers from nick and josh and he 's acting like a dick . 
  i see it on the podcast too - many times it sounds like he does n't acknowledge a funny joke or is being a grump , but you can see he 's giggling quietly or nodding . 
  imho the funniest shows were when northernlion was experimenting with the camera . 
  well it took you long enough . 
  even worse , running an organization with the purpose of stealing and destroying as much as possible in the future . 
  if there was ever need for making an example of a criminal , that 's the one right here . 
  michael !, 
  yeah , instead let 's have a nice safe place where we pat all the weirdos and assholes on the back and give them hugs . 
  whatever shit you are into is awesome , you are awesome and there 's no need whatsoever to try to fit with society and improve yourself . 
  geez people , there has to be a line in the sand . 
  there are 30 years old men whose favorite tv show is made to suit the mental capacity and interests of 7 years old girls and i 'm the asshole for calling that weird ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  but the thought that there 's no line at all is a little scary to me . 
  you have to meet a person who was raised in pure `` be yourself '' culture and never subjected to social criticism to understand my point fully . 
  it 's a sad existence both for the person and those around him . 
  agreed , but sometimes prejudices exist for a reason . 
  i would not go out of my way to befriend a brony unless i see a good reason like the op . 
  i do n't think it does , and that 's not my point . 
  i think it 's ok to think that bronies are normal , but not that * everything * is normal . 
  the person above made a broad statement about looking down on people , implying that all forms of criticism are some sort of pettiness and people should accept anyone and anything , no exceptions . 
  and that 's where we enter a scary place , where social contract and civility lose all meaning . 
  i think that `` looking down '' on some people is sometimes justified and used wisely can be a force for good , or at least necessary evil . 
  i 'm actually talking about even more benign stuff . 
  remember in high school when one day you decided that you will be the coolest kid if you start dressing exactly like neo or nelly or you hit on girls with 007 quotes or whatever . 
  other kids busted your balls and you felt like shit , but in the long run you are much better off because today you are not the grown-ass man who wears band-aid on his face for no reason . 
  and those kids are better off too , because now that they 're grown they do n't live surrounded by a perpetual comic-con . 
  so even if we do n't hurt anybody it 's good to have a balancing force to our eccentricity , just to keep it in check . 
  well i guess i am making a case for kids being bullied . 
  or at least the thing they did to you , supposing you turned out alright and you enjoy fantasy without walking around in chain mail . 
  i know i would be a shittier person if there were n't some assholes in my life . 
  and paint it all brown, 
  where 's his bible ? 
  what 's next , banning birthdays ? 
  the dirty communist already banned christmas . 
  i do n't know about `` mod '' , but give them a few years and they might start calling the os itself an app . 
  if by weird you mean brown it 's normal . 
  if they expected you to make all your orders at once they would ask `` anything else ? '', 
  before , not after they cut and pack each one . 
  lucky he have n't had hemorrhoids . 
  the government is trying to hide from you that the nazis used oxygen in the concentration camps . 
  i was going to say it 's just a puff piece by an erdo\u011fan shill on government pay . 
  bud then i remembered how credible and independent the turkish press is . 
  the secret is to lose all your wars in the first half of the xx century . 
  that way all the ethnically mixed areas go to your neighbors . 
  or he is n't playing at all in the picture . 
  maybe he 's was resting his hand there . 
  you ca n't seriously judge the skills of a musician by a photo . 
   im reding evere comment in this accent noo and it 's greet, 
  ah crap ... 
  that would be even worse . 
  her momma ? 
  the technology being : touching your elbow on the edge of the table . 
  like some type of irl shadow ban ? 
  that would be fun to watch . 
  `` hello !, 
  does anybody hear me ? '', 
   they ran when officers told them to halt, 
  as a non-american i ca n't wrap my head around that . 
  how do you justify a death penalty for running from a policeman ? 
  to me that seems unreal and terrifying . 
  [ shifty eyed dog ] ( https://media3.giphy.com/media/32b3s2yqbby2a/giphy.gif ), 
  `` i did n't shit my pants today ! '', 
  yeah , compared to like 1000 people you were a success that day . 
  as to the other 6 999\u00a0999\u00a0000 , no , you 're nothing special . 
  you do n't get a parade for not fucking up . 
  rule # 1 : do n't be the douche who asks reddit how to `` date a bg woman '' . 
  you mean like `` feed her biscuits '' or `` learn to play gadulka '' ? 
  assuming that there is a trick or a formula , that applies to any woman of a whole nationality is extremely offensive and disrespectful .
