  back then times were turbulent , politicians were hated and deceitful ( well ... even more ) . 
  fearmongering was rampant and reliable information was hard to come by . 
  even scientist and educators were politically engaged and the ethics of many was shady . 
  all in all there were very few reasons to trust the status quo . 
  on the other hand the time gave rise to all sorts of mystical , spiritual , new age and metaphysical idiocy . 
  all of the hippie crap , eastern whatever , the craziest of cults , conspiracy theories , were widely viewed as the new and improved alternatives to everything previously believed . 
  even many scientist crossed the line towards philosophy and utopism ( think carl sagan ) . 
  in their lifetimes those women saw the rise of countless of `` miracle '' cures to all sorts of problems that contradicted scientific facts . 
  however they lacked the access to varied information sources and were stuck with all the bullshit the proponents of those cures contrived . 
  to this day they are primed to look towards that sort of things with trust . 
  in my experience the `` whacky middle aged woman '' syndrome does not affect older women like our grandmothers , so i hope that is some proof . 
  that game teached me that artistic vision and creativity are more important for creating a beautiful atmospheric world than fancy engine and poligon count . 
  we all are ... 
  never met a hipster who identifies as such . 
  if you call them by their real name you break their spell or something . 
  like rumpelstiltskin . 
  it 's more like being an asshole . 
  you ca n't write a definitive criteria for being an asshole , but you immediately know when you see one . 
  it has all the features of reader and more . 
  i love it . 
   the idea for the ? dinner ? 
  it 's not dinner , it 's `` vecherinka '' which is an old word , meaning something like a party with dancing for young people . 
  i 'm guessing he also wore a tightening pantyhose . 
  and every sunday folks would gather on the town square , form a circle and jerk off the person on their right . 
   your really deep into ethnonationalism, 
  that 's the beginning of the bloodiest rap battle ever !, 
  ftfy, 
  i 've had some really bad ones that made me limp for days . 
  judging by the direction that dog looks at , you can guess which organ it was . 
  ( it was the balls , the old dude gave the lady his balls . ), 
  [ audio ] ( https://youtu.be/njrml1y3ul8?t=15s ), 
  am i the only one who pictures him shouting at a deranged kid who hesitates whether to shoot his middle school class or not ? 
  `` but ... but ... my cousin is 1/57 irish and ... top o ' the mornin ' saint paddy guiness leprechauns ! '', 
  woooow , calling her mom `` sazhaliavam '' is a bit harsh i think . 
  i doubt there are many people who consider 0/100 unwatchable but 1/100 ok . 
   did you know that arab israelis are the only israelis that can voluntarily refuse military conscription ? 
  this is not true at all . 
  there are also expats , yeshiva scholars , married women and more . 
    hell yeah , feminism was needed and they did a fantastic job of helping women get to almost the same level of equality as men !, 
  i wonder how many slut rallies , male corpses and bad vagina poetry they needed to achieve that . 
   i do want to stress , however , that ageplay is a fetish , and more often than not it does n't ( i repeat ... 
  does not ) constitute pedophilia . 
  source : shady guy on the internet . 
  more likely all sticks and fingers are now guns . 
  how do you think they import them . 
  yours is way weirder . 
  pic was not black and white , also lacking in mustache . 
  although if we write off every republican who negatively impacted the image of the party we 'll be left with a quite short list . 
  slider-man ? 
  either that , or he hates her so much , he does n't go to his favorite cafe because of her . 
  michael !, 
  yeah , the timetable does n't depend on the model of the train . 
  from the link / u/thegodemperorofchaos gave you , the faster ones are at 03:13 , 06:00 , 07:00 , 07:58 , 11:20 , 13:33 , 15:42 , 18:21 and 19:10 . 
  if you insist on riding on the multiple unit i ca n't really help you , they do n't give that information in the timetable and as far as i know it 's not really predictable what kind of machine they 'll assign to the train . 
  although if you ask me - try the janky ones , experience bulgaria , 
  it can be fun for one time and it 's not that bad really . 
  what i 'm saying is the type of rolling stock for a particular train is not predictable . 
  for example you ca n't tell for sure whether the 07:00 train from plovdiv to sofia in saturday will consist of skoda locomotive + some cars or siemens multiple unit . 
  they 're mostly consistent , but the depot might send something different for some reason . 
  or at least that 's the case on the trains i 'm riding . 
  while all we see is a shit-stained piece of shaggy rug on the top of donald 's head , this dude saw an opportunity for prostate stimulation . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  since someone already choose richard feynman i 'll go with christopher hitchens . 
  not just for the atheist stuff , he just had his way with words . 
  '' ... therefore i pronounce him a fagzor and bitch-ass punk '', 
   ` see mommy !, 
  i can produce testosterone ! ', 
  ftfy, 
  oh great mlg pro hax0r , teach us lowly scrubs your ways . 
  what does it even mean to `` get prayers '' ? 
  [ dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb ] ( https://youtu.be/-vif6jrnjtk ), 
  every time i read about mormons that song plays in my head . 
  it 's just a reference man . 
  in the south park episode they made this song about the history of mormon church and after every especially dumb part the chorus sang `` dumb dumb dumb '' . 
  you know , dumb parts like god changing his mind in the 70 's . 
  see how it 's not really funny when you explain it ? 
  the 30kg backward walking dog ate it . 
  - houston , we 've had a problem . 
  - ugh ... have you tried turning it off and on again ? 
  actually i 've been reading about wwi and one of the things that impressed me the most was how badass were the belgians !, 
  defying the german ultimatums , destroying rail lines , blowing up the dykes and fighting even though they could just let the armies go through and remain neutral . 
  belgium was anything but a punchline . 
  besides making fun of belgium is more of a british thing imo . 
  two words : cheeky nando 's, 
  glad you liked it , but seriously , calling the sirene on your fries `` feta '' is a sure way to get punched in the eye . 
  especially in the rhodopes , where they are serious about their dairy . 
  nah , it 's not your/america 's fault . 
  it 's just that the greek are way better at promoting their exports than any of their neighbors . 
  do you mean to say that there is n't an app that keeps you from being beheaded ? 
  i 'll be damned , i guess i 'll be the next winner on shark tank . 
   also keep in mind that taxi drivers are people too , and from literal anecdotal evidence , they often use this job to support their families . 
  it would be almost impossible to work the same hours as an uber driver and support a family . 
  yes , but you can say the same thing about thieves or drug dealers . 
  i 'm not comparing the two , i 'm just saying that this argument is irrelevant . 
  and vice-a-versa . 
  the matrix, 
   given mobs usually fuck up, 
  we did it dadri !, 
  shame on you , thief !, 
  words to live by .
