you 're correct to not believe me . 
  i made a mistake . 
  it 's nearly 75 % of adults are overweight , not obese . 
  the obesity rate is around 35 % . 
  well i ca n't speak for australia but yeah the uk and ireland do have a rising obesity problem . 
  however it is , at least in ireland , nowhere near the figure i recently heard of ~ 75 % adult obesity rates in america . 
  well , america does have a pretty severe obesity crisis . 
  next you 're going to tell me that not all politicians have the best interests of the people at heart . 
  you 're not suggesting that a person would just lie to further their political careers ? 
  ca n't le pen just hurry up and die ? 
  seriously , when i learned of all the shit he 's done in his career i wonder how he can even appear in public anymore . 
  which has given them a lot of power . 
  the priest in a village a short distance from me is an arse . 
  he has control over the parish centre , and refused to let the youth club use it . 
  it took a huge protest to get him to let them to use it . 
  the priest in my local area takes twice as long to say mass than other priests , and is extremely patronising . 
  ireland is much the same . 
  people only have children baptised because of tradition and because a lot of people are too dumb to think for themselves and just follow the trend . 
  my hate is aimed towards the institution , not towards its congregation . 
  in ireland i would not say the ` vast ' majority . 
  a majority of priests are n't sex offenders , but many are pompous , self-righteous arseholes who use their position to control communities . 
  frankly , i was n't aware that there was any side to the church other than its dark side . 
  any ` light side ' to it is merely a front designed to cover up its dirty dealings . 
  yeah , i have to admit that i have gotten sick of hearing about the meetings of eu finance ministers , promisory notes and property taxes . 
  just give me something that will make my blood really boil . 
  if it is passed . 
  the ultra-catholics have more sway than it appears . 
  there is going to be some serious catholic uproar over this when this approaches the d\u00e1il . 
  however , i think that the liberal vote in this country could come out in unprecedented force over a change such as this if indeed it does make it to a referendum . 
  seems rather logical to me . 
  does n't sound like the kind of thing we 'd need a study for . 
  dude do you realise that they have enough of that to completely destabilise the world economy ? 
  one does not simply ruin 2,000 years of collected wealth from all over the world . 
  it 's the modernisation of the language that made it worse . 
  i 'm sure it was fine in its prime . 
  as a lifelong student of irish , it is an abomination and husk of its former self as far as i am concerned . 
  he is generally secular , but re and chaplains are quite easy to cut . 
  also , the church wants to let go of the schools . 
  they 're not viciously holding onto them , although the lower members of the church hierarchy might be less willing to let go than the bishops . 
  pretty sure he 's only cutting re and chaplain funding because they 're the easiest things in education to cut . 
  my real name is n't an issue , there are more sensitive pieces of information than that . 
  yes and that was a sore mistake that i and a lot of other people made , thus i am scaling down , slowly , all information on it . 
  but i will only give g + a portion of that information . 
  there is n't a tremendous difference , but it will only hold the information you give it . 
  hmm , never heard of it , but its claims of privacy would suggest to me that it wo n't thrive . 
  drawing as much information from people as possible seems to be the way of social networks today . 
  i am slowly downscaling all information on my fb account in preparation for the inevitable switch over to g + . 
  and i wo n't make the mistake of putting loads of info on that . 
  i think we know where they went . 
  that kind of shit would n't go down in the eu . 
  it 's pretty much against human rights to privacy . 
  the d\u00e1il is rather difficult to read , but labour , which is the smaller party in coalition with fine gael , are generally secular and more liberal . 
  i believe sinn f\u00e9in would vote in favour of it , along with many of the independent td 's . 
  fianna f\u00e1il and fine gael are harder to read . 
  they will likely be swayed by public opinion on the matter . 
  regardless of opinion in the d\u00e1il , this is a constitutional matter , thus it must go to referendum in order to be changed . 
  ni too busy fussing over cloth . 
  catholics are often against it , but i would estimate that nearly 3/4 of this country are now in favour of this . 
  my grandparents ' generation would be the strongest ones to vote against it , yet , my grandparents would vote in favour for the simple reason that the church lacks its old power of brainwashing . 
  ireland is undergoing incredibly fast social change . 
  the church is losing its influence unbelievably fast . 
  only 50 years ago a priest was an unquestionable authority in a community . 
  20 years ago , the church had lost much power , but was still a voice of authority and the vast majority of citizens still identified as practising catholics . 
  now , most of the country are still catholic . 
  however , they are catholic only by baptism , not by practise . 
  pretty much everyone i know has been baptised , yet i know few enough people my own age that go to mass regularly that i could count them on my fingers . 
  the minister for education is generally secular in his views and has been consistently moving towards reducing the prominence of religion in schools , although some of that is because chaplains are expensive . 
  so , yeah . 
  the catholic vote in ireland is no longer a quantifiable portion of the electorate as so many people are catholic but so few follow the faith nowadays . 
  nice to know . 
  good job uk . 
  ireland looks like it might be following with this trend in the foreseeable future . 
  still has to get through the lords , does n't it ? 
  belgians are big men . 
  i am a lot above the average in my own country ... 
  i thought irish people were bigger than that . 
  the ironic thing is that that sounds like a description of a lot of british people . 
  some are , some or not . 
  i think that the recession has dealt any moves towards this federal-type goverment a major setback . 
  i can say that , in ireland at least , anger towards europe and german influence in ireland 's affairs has increased . 
  any approach towards eu-integration would likely be aggressively opposed . 
  weather . 
  when we invited them to come over here they beat the shit out of us and handcuffed us to the doors of angela merkel 's office pending ` assistance ' . 
  an economic crisis that warranted a bailout of substantial proportions . 
  sometimes i wonder would an economic crisis in the uk itself make them more favourable to europe . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but cameron 's drawn-out approach to this seems to be a deliberate publicity stunt . 
  he 's winning favour with those who think he might leave the eu but also with those who see that he is being slow and careful making a decision . 
  i 'm sure this would annoy me if i was actually able to make the page load . 
  a lot less than these numbers turned up for it , seemingly . 
  they are as such because it is not socially acceptable anymore . 
  the church is probably the only organisation that could end europe 's crisis without bankrupting itself . 
  i do judge the church based on its actions as a whole , and examining it as it has behaved throughout history , you will find that it is overall , a very bad influence . 
  if you want to judge the church , speak to the hundreds of sexual , psychological and physical abuse victims that we have in ireland . 
  they are spread around the country and suffered at the hands of the church 's representatives . 
  as you said , judge the church as a whole . 
  so let 's do that . 
  those priests , nuns and brothers responsible were protected by bishops who attempted to cover up their abuses by moving them to different parishes where they committed more abuse . 
  meanwhile , some priests attempt to speak out against some of the church 's doctrines on social issues . 
  they are silenced by the vatican who attempt to force them to stop speaking out on issues such as gay marriage or female priests . 
  to top it all off , the papacy is likely responsible for thousands of deaths for claiming that contraception assists in the spread of aids .
