  indeed . 
  i think it will be great country in the future but not sure if we can say the same about certain eu countries . 
  i am honestly scared of how finland will be in 20 years . 
  they probably will . 
  i honestly wonder what leaders in countries like japan , south korea and china are thinking when they are looking at this mess . 
  they are probably having the best laugh ever : `` wow look at those idiots ! '', 
  and they are not wrong . 
  it 's fucking retarded . 
  we are pretty much the only country taking huge loads and probably the only one that will meet the quota . 
  what will we get as a reward ? 
  it 's so scary that illegals are just allowed to roam free , jesus . 
  if someone suggested it here in hong kong , he/she would be laughed out of the place or people would think it was some kind of a joke . 
  yep , i do n't think other than european countries would think about this more than five minutes . 
  i think this is increasingly the trend in european countries . 
  i read the story that the red cross person in lithuania said that the migrants do n't even unpack their things before they are off to germany : dddd, 
  it 's a total ferry service and this discussion is repeated here on a weekly basis . 
  if some real country like japan was facing this , it would have already been dealt with . 
  pretty much this . 
  if you constantly vote the same people who allow this to go on , then it 's deserved . 
  the one that takes is not stupid but the one that gives . 
  it 's just better to white flight to some country with reasonable immigration policy , i tread to think how some eu countries will look in 50 years , especially the bigger cities . 
  it 's a very scary thought to be fair . 
  i love living in europe and hope that the mainstream politicians will start to care about these issues too . 
  european culture has so many good features that i 'd really hate to move away for long good . 
  if he can make a strategy to end the migration madness , god bless him because if he ca n't i think the situation will end up really badly . 
  i believe le pen is also very popular among young people . 
  i was quite surprised by that as i always thought the green parties would be most popular among the young . 
  when does this big joke end ? 
  or in sweden . 
  or you can watch the documentary and stop lying here . 
  you have huge social problems in the country that will only keep getting worse . 
  besides you are not a woman so the experience will obviously be different, 
  it will turn out to be the right decision and the no-go zone thing is totally real . 
  even in sweden there are police reports of this and in france the situation is much worse than in sweden so you can shove the trump/putin thing somewhere and stop denying these zones , it 's so retarded . 
  so get your own facts straight . 
  everything anti-eu has to be putin 's fault , he is such a strong man . 
  jesus with you . 
  do you ever say something that actually refutes my point instead of garbage like that ? 
  yeah and there is no immigration crisis and eu is perfect . 
  thinking like that is a good way to lose like with the uk . 
  but seriously they made the right decision . 
  i think it 's just a matter of time when an anti-eu politician will take power and leave the eu . 
  i remember in some poll like 80 % of the french people had unfavourable view of the eu when asked directly . 
  also the social problems are pretty bad in france , like i watched this documentary where some areas are total muslim zones and the men just loiter on the streets and give the few women there bad looks . 
  so the woman explained with smile on her face how she does n't wear makeup anymore and tried to stay invisible and then the other women were organising walks in order to `` reclaim the space '' . 
  if someone establishes a link ( even though if none existed in reality ) with these things and the bad economy to the eu , they can win . 
  some rules apply in the eu and some do n't , they pick and choose how they want . 
  he will be hollande 2.0, 
  but i do n't want crime , i want to be like japan , south korea or hong kong that care about their own people and at the same time have relatively strong economy . 
  i have been living in hong kong for 9 months now and it 's unbelievable how safe it is , i will strongly consider working here in the future . 
  yep , why work if you can get everything free . 
  by heavily restricting the migration or eu will simply fall under it . 
  there is no borders in europe , the whole place has gone mad , asylum seekers are allowed to roam around schengen and then we wonder why we get the terror attacks . . 
  shhhhhhh ... do n't talk about those pesky bad things here !, 
  if it was between swamping my country with migrants or leaving , i would leave because the problems of immigration and integration are super hard to fix later on without extreme measures . 
  well the residence requirement is only 4 years which i think is too short . 
  also i do n't think there is any requirement for having secured income so you can be on welfare for 4 years and apply . 
  i have heard that the language test is quite easy too but ca n't 100 % confirm this . 
  the main thing is the secured income imo , you should have to have a job unless you have very special circumstances like disability or something . 
  i think 95 % are still finns and swedes but with the current nationality law , it will change drastically . 
  the sweden one is even more laughable , they do n't even have language test and the only requirement is basically 3-4 year residence . 
  i think especially in the case of humanitarian migration , the citizenship should be more of a reward than something that comes automatically . 
  i do n't think they will ever be chinese in any other sense than being a citizen of course but i just wanted to make the point . 
  i have heard of people here having naturalized , mostly people from `` lower tier '' countries do it . 
  the law is very vague but it 's possible still and not impossible like in mainland . 
  finnish citizenship law is way too lax , it should be amended to something like in denmark . 
  you can absolutely get chinese citizenship in hk and macau when you have the permanent residence . 
  you just need to submit the application and fill the requirements which are different to mainland btw . 
  http://www.immd.gov.hk/eng/services/chinese_nationality/application_for_naturalization_as_a_chinese_national.html#firsttab http://www.dsi.gov.mo/nationality_e.jsp, 
  does the opportunity translate to anything real though ? 
  in finland iraqis have like 20 % employment rate . 
  naturalization is possible in the prc under very strict circumstances and very easy in hong kong and macau if the person wants it . 
  in korea and japan too it 's totally possible to become a citizen but requirement are quite hard . 
  yes ethnicity is different , it 's true that even if i would become japanese citizen that they would never see me as japanese . 
  it 's the same in china and korea though . 
  well i have been on exchange at hong kong for about 9 months and i kind of like it in terms of safety and convenience but i am not sure if i would like to live the rest of my life here but it 's a very good place if one has a decent job . 
  i still like the slower pace of life and culture in the nordic countries so i have been thinking about norway or denmark . 
  these countries have some of the same problems as finland but economy is much better and immigration more tightly controlled . 
  no political will , would probably require constitutional change , people are n't aware enough . 
  combination of many factors . 
  i honestly think this country is very fucked up in long term because of the migration + an economy that is totally in the gutter in addition to retarded policies like these that allow massive families on government dime . 
  all this is really why my main goal has been moving abroad , i do n't think politics can fix this problem very soon , by the time they start doing something , it 's already super bad . 
  i think some time ago france was giving citizenships away like candy but now the laws are actually quite strict and require good language ability . 
  in my opinion if they speak french and have adopted the culture , they are french . 
  regarding the too many children thing . 
  one thing i see as a problem is the social system in many european countries where it 's possible to make like seven children and the government will always help regardless of what you do . 
  this ties to the larger problem of the lack of personal responsibility in the system because it lets you get away with things like these . 
  in finland the somali single mom with seven children was voted into some city council . 
  in hong kong i do n't see the muslims having these kinds of huge families because they have to live within the means of their income . 
  of course if you have a good job or otherwise have a big income , you can have as many children as you like but you have to be able to sustain them . 
  i could write so much about this specific problem of no personal responsibility that will destroy the system on long term but i am too tired now . 
  for the record , i do n't want to destroy the welfare state or anything like that and do n't really have a good solution how to fix this but there 's clearly something wrong if someone can just make 10 children and wave the fees to the tax payer . 
  i think russia hacked the boats and that 's why they are coming . 
  it 's clearly putin 's fault . 
  i have to translate the `` integration chart '' of one finnish city where all the arrows lead to the migrant going on welfare which is true in most cases to be honest :d, 
  the anti-russian sentiment here is insane and people come up with the most absurd theories . 
  the `` trump is putin 's puppet '' thing was popular not long ago and now it has quieted down substantially after he did the airstrike and banned exon from oil business in russia . 
  it was totally debunked . 
  yeah sure hillary lost because of russia , brexit happened because of russia , nothing wrong with the eu or hillary of course , nothing at all . 
  keep being in denial .
