  for some people those things are fine and they do n't even want to integrate . 
  the immigration to america was actually highly controlled even during that time . 
  if there was a risk that you became a burden on the society , your entry was basically denied . 
  in europe if you managed to get asylum , you can live on benefits your whole life , it wo n't be good life but you can still live on the society 's dime . 
  here in finland our somalis have integrated for 30 years and they still have 90 % unemployment rate . 
  it will probably take much longer still to fully stop this madness . 
  the eu leaders have their heads in their asses . 
  is your government going to react in any way ? 
  what is the political situation in italy regarding this issue ? 
  i would scared shitless if my country took so many every day . 
  luckily not many of this wave reach finland because of so many semi closed borders on the way . 
  the whole thing is just ridiculous . 
  i believe the eu just fears the media and thus ca n't do anything concrete . 
  jesus christ , the place would fall under a stampede, 
  i was looking at computer science graduate programs and it was pretty much same price as in uk for eu students currently . 
  the price varied a bit by different universities . 
  one thing i do n't like is that you have to take the gre to some universities in canada but in the eu and uk only very few require it . 
  i am thinking of applying for master 's in the uk this year and start in 2018 september , the course is one year long . 
  is the eu tuition still in effect while the brexit is not complete ? 
  also considering ireland in the light of these events , especially trinity college , the program there seems good too . 
  canada actually has fairly low tuition for internationals too , i was quite surprised . 
  thank god for people like you standing up to the lunacy . 
  but seriously do you think it 's easy for europeans to get a job in eastern europe , especially in computer science ? 
  i have seriously been considering migrating in the near future as the situation in the western europe seems to get progressively worse . 
  we 'll be sweden 2.0 in about 20 years i think with our own tenstas and rinkebys . 
  there 's really no reason to assume that it wo n't be the case . 
  the reason why sweden has gotten into such laughable situation is because the average middle class swede even today does n't have to deal much with the side effects of this immigration as they are mostly segregated into their own neighborhoods , i think this kind of development is more and more seen in the capital area in finland too . 
  the segregation is hard to avoid without turning into some soviet union and ordering people where to live because it is measured that when the amount of immigrants in area hit as low as 5 % , the natives tend to start moving out , at least those with the means to do so . 
  in certain circles you ca n't say you support halla-aho or you will get isolated . 
  it 's a bit like they asked people in the us who supported trump , many people lied or did n't answer to the polls because of the stigma . 
  never . 
  the permanent mechanism for transferring migrants from greece and italy will be presented soon and probably accepted so the flow will be endless . 
  i think one seat is also technically `` loaned '' from paavo v\u00e4yrynen who is no longer in the centrist party so if he makes a comeback i do n't know what happens , is it only 100 places then ? 
  i mean how are they even supposed to integrate really ? 
  they have lower language skills than natives , a lot of times they ca n't even speak english . 
  integrating them to the labour marker is super hard to be fair , and many do n't even want to integrate probably because the welfare benefits give much more than they had back home anyway . 
  i am not saying life on welfare is good , it is n't but the contrast is still clear . 
  yep , promised it and it was ran on iraqi tv and various arab news sites and then he did n't even give it lol . 
  and it 's a massive security risk honestly . 
  i ca n't understand how it 's even allowed , it should have been stopped right when it began . 
  now it 's harder stop without provoking someone and it keeps getting harder and harder . 
  in reality they however can . 
  it 's easy to disappear and you can delay deportation easily too . 
  once they are let in , it 's super hard to get them out . 
  yep , all the other ones are for unlimited third world immigration basically . 
  not many options . 
  if they would adjust their immigration stances , this party would n't even be needed . 
  how is it a strawman if anyone can get into the country by requesting asylum and then just disappear after being moved into a refugee center . 
  i mean the law literally says that you have to process all the application which according to the current interpretation of the law means that everyone has to be taken inside the country for processing . 
  processing application at the border is not possible unlike in hungary for example . 
  so i fail to see how it really is a strawman . 
  the russia-finland border is mainly guarded by the russians but if they reach the finnish side , they can get in and ask asylum . 
  i wish my country would leave too honestly but there are still too many areas in finland that are n't affected by the migration and people are generally short sighted . 
  having seen the events of the last few years , i would n't want to hand eu any authority over any migration . 
  i think you are right . 
  eu is not attractive to skilled migration because of the massive social systems that are more or less unneeded for the high skilled migrants as their work place will cover private insurance etc anyway . 
  also the language thing is true even though in many companies you can work with english but then if you move country you will end up living in a bubble . 
  ( western ) eu is good for living on various social benefits . 
  if i were to choose , i would honestly look into some asian countries like singapore or oceanic countries like australia or new zealand . 
  currently eu receives mostly asylum seekers who really are n't a net benefit at all . 
  the obvious thing is to reduce the mena immigration to minimum first , then start to look at people who are already here . 
  i think core problem is that many have no touch to the surrounding society if they only hang out with their own country men . 
  if they have no work , no studying , nothing , it 's quite easy to just stay at home and fall prey to radicalism . 
  i mean imagine if you stayed home every day in some shitty borderline ghetto neighborhood with no friend , or only few friends who are in the same position as you , it 's not hard to get radicalized . 
  it 's so hard to return them . 
  maybe you can return like 100 per week at max but if more walk in all the time it 's useless . 
  yeah it 's the same in finland , even if you remove the socioeconomic factors , it 's still bad . 
  here in finland we even have so many native finns who do n't have a job or any prospects of getting one . 
  so when the migrants come they will almost surely be unemployed for a very long time and then radicalize in some migrant dominated neighborhood . 
  i wish europe had more places that looked like that . 
  feels really safe does n't it , people without papers entering the country and being allowed to roam around free . 
  really good system there . 
  we are too weak willed for that . 
  we ca n't even defend our borders and operate a sea taxi instead . 
  and for a reason , the eu immigration policy is retarded and the leadership is totally out of touch . 
  what would frontex even do if they ca n't ferry the migrants back to libya ? 
  they would just be additional taxis and make the situation even worse . 
  there 's no point . 
  eu is facilitating illegal migration lol , get real, 
  a joke that has no end in sight sadly . 
  stop voting these idiots in please, 
  it 's insane in italy , so many of them are picked up from the sea every week and we honestly have no idea about their profiles or anything . 
  are they allowed to roam free ? 
  pretty much this , the handling of migration will be a make or break question , but to be fair it 's not looking very good . 
  sweden put them on trains and off they went to finland . 
  that 's it in short . 
  everyone is breaking everything because the eu has no spine and the people know it . 
  yep , eu is too weak to even control its own territory and people are dreaming of it becoming some kind of comparable thing to us and china lol . 
  there 's so many people roaming around eu who we have no idea about or they have like 20 different identities . 
  the whole thing is a colossal fuck up . 
  in western eu your whole life is paid for lol , why the hell would they even entertain the thought of going back . 
  the thing is that the distribution does n't even solve anything , it 's probably one of the worst ideas one could come up with . 
  i think eu is certainly in big trouble but the problem is that there are still many places where the migration is not felt in . 
  for example in finland my hometown is like 99.9 % white and the people could n't care less about immigration because it has n't touched them personally yet unlike in the capital . 
  i really thought helsinki was relatively safe before i visited hong kong and japan but now it feels slightly scary sometimes to be fair when i compare . 
  i spoke with my asian friend and she said that when she was on exchange in paris , it was really unsafe at times and especially the metro . 
  i really feel bad when i hear comments like these about my continent but it 's true :(, 
  they seem to have this thing called border control . 
  i have honestly thought about this a bit and came to the conclusion that anyone who wants to get inside finland/eu can do so if they enter at the right border and just request asylum because the request has to be processed and they have to be taken in . 
  it 's retarded .
