  i mean media showed these merkel selfie pictures with the `` refugees '' and the refugees welcome events . 
  it was an open invitation even if it was n't meant to be . 
  eu does n't obey its own rules , it has been seen in the migrant crisis and in the euro crisis . 
  it 's the condescending messaging coming from germany basically only condemning right wing parties and attacks ( which are few btw when compared to left wing ones ) . 
  if this was a right wing attack , it would be blasted on media for weeks on end . 
  germany is a huge problem in europe . 
  when eastern eu countries wanted to put a stop to the refugee flow they were called right wing fascists by german politicians mostly and heavily condemned . 
  instead germany wants to distribute these people . 
  who the hell wants them ? 
  i mean if germany wants to take 10 million , it can take 10 million , but then they stay in germany and get the free money there . 
  this year about 500k have arrived to eu and 220k went to germany . 
  i think it 's time to leave this sinking ship called eu ( germany has a huge influence sadly ) and it 's good the british realized that . 
  i would rather live in north korea than in germany , at least the migrants are n't allowed to do what they want there without punishment basically ( 1 year on parole for the cologne things , really ? ), 
  i know that you took a million nuclear scientists and heart surgeons last year . 
  at least that 's what the media kept telling me they are . 
  and the government has right wing parties on monitoring . 
  germany is such a nice country . 
  i believe there are several mosques in tokyo and the monitoring also extended to halal restaurants etc. 
  those were first leaked in some police documents . 
  indeed , eu should thank them honestly . 
  no migrant really wants to even stay in greece so it 's kind of easy to wave them further into europe to countries that give free money like germany , sweden , finland etc. 
  indeed and a lot of migration from africa is also purely economic . 
  the policy needs to make it extremely clear that there is no free life available in europe if you come illegally , otherwise there will always be people coming . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  yes it 's true , but their immigration policy differs a lot from europe 's free money for all comers policy . 
  japan actually monitors all mosques and muslim restaurants etc. 
  the supreme court there confirmed it yesterday and denied the charges that it would be unconstitutional . 
  might end up as a glorified sea taxi . 
  yeah but even a blind person could see that the migrant issue and this is heavily connected . 
  everyone knows it but instead just end up talking some overly broad platitudes like `` it 's not a new problem !!!! '', 
  while it 's so obvious what 's going on . 
  now the swedish government has come up with a great idea to fix the migrant situation : pour more money into it . 
  it will surely fix it guys . 
  i would n't honestly want to live in sweden after 20 years , this is going to blow up so badly . 
  yes , waiting for welfare in germany and other wealthy countries . 
  the finnish test is probably so easy that the hardest part is walking in to the test room . 
  it 's good that the danish test is at least a bit difficult because then it weeds out the really bad ones . 
  it should start by harmonizing the amount of money they get . 
  people in italy were asked that where are they heading and they said germany because it gives more money . 
  someone also said switzerland and listed how much money he would get there etc. 
  lied about the ethnicity of the people who assaulted her . 
  yes , but the quotas are kind of throwing gasoline to the flames and would just add another new pull factor ( the chance to get distributed to a country with high welfare ) . 
  also the quotas would apply to all migrant when the country reaches a certain point of arrivals , that 's one of the problems . 
  they would only be vetted after the transfer . 
  stopping the mass immigration is really the only solution to fixing these problems . 
  it does n't matter if you throw 100 million euros there , the problems wo n't disappear . 
  kind of related to the topic . 
  how will you people see germany and especially sweden in like 20 years ? 
  in sweden you have places like tensta and rinkeby that are slowly slipping out of state control . 
  some days ago the swedish prime minister came out and basically acknowledged these problems and came up with the idea of fixing it by throwing money at it , i think we know how it will end up . 
  how will these places be in 20 years ? 
  will the welfare system hold it when you have more and more takers but not so many givers anymore ? 
  i think the welfare system will not hold it in finland either in the long term , at least not in this generous form it is currently in . 
  so it 's going to be more and more of every man for himself . 
  at least that 's the mindset i have adopted lately . 
  there does n't seem to be much political will to fix the immigration problem , eu is actually trying to throw gasoline to the fire with the quota system . 
  i think it will get triggered , but maybe she will negotiate a good deal . 
  they do n't have that power . 
  i would rather get rid of the commission personally . 
  timmermans is probably one of the most idiotic people i have ever seen even on the eu scale . 
  guy is totally delusional and was one of the main architects of the eu migrant quota proposal , that alone tells how far he has drifted from normal people . 
  hopefully slovakia gets the idiots at the commission to drop the ridiculous migrant quota distribution plan . 
  it 's mind boggling how that crap is still on the table despite being yet another pull factor and basically permanent distribution mechanics where italy fishes people from the coast of libya and then they get distributed to the eu . 
  it 's lunacy . 
  i think the eu has generally made a huge mistake vilifying nationalism . 
  the european identity could be built alongside with the national one , but instead some high ups from eu have said that nationalists are terrorists and crap like that . 
  well eu parliament just voted to establish the eu coast guard with 1500 men ready to assist . 
  so if italy needs more sea taxis , they can always request from eu . 
  by the way , would n't it be nice if we now had the migrant quota distribution plan that commission is pushing for ? 
  it would mean that at certain point the migrants that italy fished , would be instantly relocated to other eu countries . 
  that distribution would basically be active 100 % of the time , it 's total lunacy . 
  yes , they were the driving force behind it . 
  there 's a lot in the clinton emails about the french interests in libya and north africa . 
  good , hopefully the commissions drops this retarded plan . 
  it 's nothing more than a new pull factor on top of the existing ones . 
  maybe they will start using the same type of boats like in turkey to cross to uk lol . 
  open the floodgates . 
  these things honestly need to be marketed better , i had no idea about that . 
  i think eu really needs to step up the pr game . 
  a lot of things mentioned here are really good but probably most people have no idea about them . 
  the positive sides of eu are rarely discussed at all and i admit that i am guilty of focusing on the negatives too often also . 
  when brezhnev spoke to the polish united workers ' party , he said : `` when forces that are hostile to socialism try to turn the development of some socialist country towards capitalism , it becomes not only a problem of the country concerned , but a common problem and concern of all socialist countries . '', 
  this was called the brezhnev doctrine . 
  what is merkel 's doctrine ? 
  what will the great leader do ? 
  will she try to stop the illegal migration in form of asylum seeking or throw even more fuel to the fire with the quota proposals ? 
  it 's not a wonder that many eu countries are getting tired of being welfare offices for the 3rd world . 
  now the direction is right . 
  at least do n't let sweden control the immigration policy . 
  well they knew it would split the countries even more and still kept pushing for it . 
  it was a lunatic move in every way . 
  indeed , the v4 will not accept that proposition anyway and the commission probably knows it , yet they still try to push it . 
  thank god we have them in eu , otherwise that lunacy would have been accepted already . 
  well if you do n't accept , you have to pay 250k eur . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  well it was mentioned in the eu paper that german and france pushed out like yesterday . 
  but yes , it 's not in france 's favor . 
  germany has certainly been the main architect in this . 
  the system was planned so that once a certain number of migrants arrive to border countries like greece and italy , the mechanism is triggered and the transfers begin automatically . 
  if a member state refuses to relocate a migrant through this system , the member state has to pay 250k eur for each refused migrant .
