  some people from epp said that the issue of migration needs to be handled better or something like that so i guess there is a small glimmer of hope . 
  if nothing is done , then it 's very bad . 
  the migrant crisis is worse than all other problems combined because it actually can show up in peoples ' lives very clearly so it should be a top priority to solve . 
  it 's seriously time for reflection in the eu , especially regarding the question of migration from outside europe in form of seeking asylum . 
  the migrant crisis has given wilders a huge boost as how it was handled was basically a farce . 
  he called it . 
  lol, 
  i am generally quite pro eu even though i mostly write regarding the migrant crisis here . 
  but the migrant crisis has played a huge part in the division of the eu and the way it 's being handled is just not sustainable and the quotas will drive eu further and further apart . 
  i feel like without the migrant crisis eu would be in much better shape . 
  if the common asylum policy would be anything like the commission has suggested it would be total madness with the migrant sharing . 
  the only way is to turn back every boat and send a signal that there is no coming to europe illegally , otherwise the smugglers will continue dictating who comes . 
  also other eu countries are more attractive than others when it comes to welfare based migration . 
  eu seriously needs to take the message loud and clear and start actual reforms especially on the migration issue . 
  i am quite pro eu but i just ca n't understand the immigration from middle east and africa with the eu `` rescue operation '' acting as a sea taxi between libya and eu . 
  juncker and schulz should step down , both are clearly totally lost . 
  stop the damn endless migration from africa and the middle east , that would go a long way . 
  stop the sea taxi service from the coast of libya to europe . 
  but no , no . 
  indeed , it has basically given a signal that it 's not worth it to try . 
  but the eu was totally clueless the whole time . 
  now they have managed to scrap together the turkey deal but we 'll see how it goes . 
  the next thing will be to stop the sea taxi service from libya to europe . 
  eu answer to the migration was to put the people in busses and drive them to central and northern europe . 
  the farce that happened with the migration surely had an effect on this all . 
  i was actually thinking between australia and uk for grad degree but if it changes , australia is a no brainer for me . 
  pretty much the same price then . 
  yep the so called `` anti smuggling mission '' has basically turned into a sea taxi service that according to reports operates at the coast of libya and brings these people to europe ** facepalm **, 
  yeah i feel like the safety angle is hardly discussed at all at least where i live . 
  it 's like they think that these people ca n't do anything bad . 
  somalis have been in finland for about 30-40 years and still over 50 % are on welfare . 
  it 's these certain groups that seem to have huge problems . 
  for example kenyans here have employment rate of over 90 % and same with chinese etc. 
  singapore is not part of the refugee convention so they do not have any responsibility to even take those applications . 
  a singaporean official was asked that how they deal with asylum seekers and he answered something along the lines that they cane them and send them away . 
  also singapore and hong kong have minimal welfare system so the only option there is to work . 
  also , to immigrate to those countries , you have to have a job ready to get a visa . 
  i honestly wish we had as tight immigration policy as them . 
  also singapore and hong kong are similar i think . 
  i do n't think you can totally lose it but they will cut it to a certain percentage . 
  there should be a new amendment coming this year that will cut the benefits , but i am not sure if it will pass in the end . 
  it would be nice to see statistics about how many people do n't go to the integration courses etc. 
  because in reality they will never leave this country to go back . 
  the naturalization process is so piss easy ( even easier for those with refugee status ) . 
  refugees can live on welfare and get naturalized which is a problem . 
  they are here to stay , that 's the truth . 
  besides there does n't seem to be political will to change this anytime soon and when it 's changed i do n't think i am living in here anymore . 
  the employment rate for somalis is under 50 % for example , so over half of that population is on welfare , it 's similar for iraqis . 
  also the problem with the welfare system in it 's current form is that it does n't give any incentives for those people to work , learn language etc. 
  state offers free money for housing , food , language classes , even translation services . 
  there is just no incentive to do anything and then they are on benefits for 10 + years . 
  in usa the refugee employment rates are actually relatively high compared to ours and it has to do with the welfare system . 
  problem is that high taxes + lots of various social benefits do n't attract the right type of immigration , it attracts people who are more interested in those than in working . 
  places with low taxes , strict immigration etc attract the best talent . 
  countries like singapore , hong kong ( china ) , usa . 
  most people who came to finland traveled through 8 safe countries . 
  these people are not fleeing war anymore at that point , they are looking for the place with best benefits . 
  but here they form them and most live on welfare for tens and tens of years . 
  i would be fine with taking them here if we did n't have this welfare system , but then they would n't come because there would be no free money on offer . 
  no one would want to come here without welfare , not many want to go to spain or portugal either even though those countries have much more favorable climate etc , but no welfare comparable to ours . 
  they do n't get welfare for 10 + years in lebanon and form ethnic enclaves . 
  the cost of having them here is a bit larger . 
  yeah , there needs to be changes to make it less easy to abuse , but at the same time be there for those who really need it . 
  in finland the current type of system was established around 1970s if i remember correctly . 
  but i do n't think it has much time left as it is now , it 's just too prone to abuse in this type of world . 
  i honestly have no problem with any people who work/study or do something useful , not hang around in cafes and receive welfare . 
  personally i think the welfare system has to be removed in the long term , it just does n't work in this type of world we have now . 
  it was established here in the 1970s ( not sure when in germany ) and back then it was abused very little , but the case is different today . 
  we have groups that basically do nothing else but live on welfare ? 
  what kind of life is that ? 
  estonia . 
  well obviously . 
  when there is no path to welfare states in central and northern europe , it 's not simply worth it to come . 
  the rides were funded with eu money , the signal that was mainly given to the eastern-european countries was to let everyone through . 
  or the fact that they were transporting people some months ago with industrial speed to central europe from greece . 
  only objective was to get as many people in as possible while not realizing the flow is endless that way . 
  eu can only blame itself really . 
  now they have managed to scramble together the turkey deal but if the migration from italy ( from africa ) heads to central and northern europe in hopes of free life on welfare , i do n't eu will be looked at highly again . 
  yep . 
  we 're not the welfare office for the whole world . 
  i mean the proposal that commission came up with that had 250k euro fee per migrant for those countries that refuse to take any through the proposed `` emergency system '' . 
  basically it said that when certain amount have arrived to greece and italy , the redistribution begins , this is the crisis state . 
  in fact , with that system the state of crisis will be permanent because they wo n't stop coming as there is chance to get to central or northern europe and receive that sweet welfare . 
  realistically though eastern european countries will never accept that , i do n't know why they even proposed that crap . 
  maybe they want brexit to happen ? 
  eu needs to seriously seal the area and make it clear that if you make your way to europe , you wo n't get a chance here . 
  everything else is just playing and will end up in a failure or even possibly in the destruction of the eu in long term if it keeps up . 
  this migration thing is 1000x more serious than the greece financial crisis ever was when thinking about the eu unity . 
  all kind of redistribution just makes it worse as they have a chance to be placed in a country with good social benefits and can live their whole life on those . 
  the biggest force shredding this union is the commissions with the retarded migrant plans . 
  the new poll shows this with like 90 % people of saying it has n't been handled well by eu . 
  in other news : spokesperson for the eussr commission has said that eu migration policy will not be like australia 's ( as was suggested by austria 's foreign minister ) and it will `` respect the international law and thus removes the possibility of deportation '' meanwhile , the turkey-eu deal has returned 18 ( ?!?!? ), 
  syrians to this date . 
  the spokesperson said that eussr has some plans that could work . 
  all who can : vote for brexit please , this madness needs to end . 
  commission is still living in some alternative reality and has no clue what to do . 
  this can only end in a catastrophe . 
  the `` salary '' is actually pretty much the same in finland and denmark , but apparently finland was marketed better in that case . 
  maybe not germany , i think there it 's more related to the lies that the people smugglers have told them . 
  but in september when they interviewed some migrants in highway in denmark they were telling that they are heading to finland because finland pays refugees more salary .
