  at least that is how it shows as the average citizen even though member states also have a role to play , but this if anything is something that the eu needs to tackle . 
  in my country at least the anti eu sentiment has grown enormously during the last months and people are getting more and more negative about the whole thing . 
  why should we give out control of our own borders if the externals borders do n't hold ? 
  well said . 
  instead it seems that our leaders are more busy trying to be the `` humanitarian super power '' whatever that means . 
  i am sure some changes are going to happen in europe but probably too little and too late like the trend has been . 
  then fucking protect them , what the hell is wrong with them ? 
  soon greece will be on the other side of the fence . 
  i hope we 'll never see these kinds of riots in my country but it 's looking more and more likely as the segregation between different groups increases . 
  pathetic, 
  finland started running a campaign too in turkey and iraq i think , we 've gotten around 150 per day on average now . 
  at start it was like 500 per day so i guess that 's something . 
  indeed , the system will be in chaos in about 10 days . 
  then they 'll have another `` crisis summit '' again and the same thing happens . 
  nothing will change before states start implementing their own solutions like hungary did , rightly so . 
  this crisis has made eu a joke more than any event before , totally unable to do take concrete action . 
  the current system will just encourage more to come . 
  we had anti-immigration rally here in finland too and police had to carry like 4 masked counter protesters ( anarchists ) away . 
  our rallies have been very good and the counter protesters have become violent almost every time , sometimes attacking people and sometimes destroying property . 
  what do you think , when they will close ? 
  i heard austrian interior minister saying today that austria should build a wall as the situation is out of control , the prime minister ( ? ), 
  if i remember correctly said that he is n't against building a wall . 
  i really hope they close the borders soon . 
  i hope eu leaders get balls and something starts to happen pretty quick . 
  juncker said that he wants real results in the next crisis meeting and i hope those results are not just transferring these refugees around because that is not a long term solution and the already planned transfers are stalling too . 
  to be honest i do n't care what she did but this uncontrolled migration has to end . 
  if it 's taking in more quota refugees , so be it but the borders need to be protected . 
  yesterday at epp conference in madrid orban held a speech and received a huge applause . 
  also according to reports his position is no longer perceived as too far , the leaders all seemed to accept that the border needs to be protected . 
  hopefully some concrete action is taken soon . 
  i am honestly jealous of israel , if eu does n't regain control of it 's external borders i 'll lose all hope for the whole thing . 
  i used to be great supporter of even federal eu but if the borders do n't work , it ca n't have any future . 
  hopefully they actually start doing something . 
  there has been talk about retaking the control of borders for months but nothing has been done . 
  so when are they retaking the control of them ? 
  they did the same thing in finland too . 
  quite a large number has returned home already , i think that describes the situation quite well and how they are playing us for fools . 
  i think we will find a solution to the refugee problem regardless of whether turkey wants to be part of it or not . 
  maybe we will start hailing them to some enclave in africa like australia does . 
  politics are in heavy shift right now in europe so solutions should be expected soon , you ca n't blackmail us with the refugees . 
  if this continues , more harsher methods will be applied eventually , like totally fencing the borders and starting to hail the boats somewhere . 
  the whole situation is so fucked up honestly , even here in finland . 
  i hope the eu will send border guards to slovenia if they do n't have enough , i think there was some talk about it . 
  also hopefully the turkey deal will go through . 
  as it is , eu is just too easy to get into and our geographical situation is quite bad compared to australia for example , but hopefully the whole thing gets resolved . 
  i honestly think there wo n't be that much complaining this time . 
  eu and people have started to wake up on a larger scale . 
  i am just worried about slovenia letting them through on mass scale , if they do it , the whole thing will be useless . 
  but we need to get the borders working , that should be first priority . 
  the whole redistribution thing is such thumb fiddling when you look at the greater issue , it 's so easy to get to eu that 's why they do it . 
  here is the document for those interested . 
  http://www.statewatch.org/news/2015/oct/eu-council-draft-return-policy-conclusions-12420-15.pdf there is info about countries where eu is going to send some `` migration liaison officers '' there include nigeria , egypt , ethiopia etc. 
  well the social security is a bit different here in northern europe , i mean if our system was built like yours we would probably get zero migrants . 
  i think eu has woken up to the harsh realities of the situation which took long enough but better now than never . 
  muh international treaties . 
  holy shit . 
  if this actually comes to fruition , some of my trust to eu will be returned as it has totally collapsed in the last few months . 
  we had a demonstration in helsinki today where some people protested for closing the borders and stopping the migrant influx . 
  this demonstration was reported to police in accordance with all the laws and it had identifiable person as the organizer as it should . 
  well then some leftists/anarchist/whatever you want to call them , made their own counter demonstration `` against racism '' as they titled it . 
  it was not reported to police in advance nor did it have any person who reported as the organizer . 
  they broke lights of some police car and some of them fought against the police . 
  the close border demonstration went smoothly and police were professional but this is the way some leftists act , start beating anyone who does n't agree with you . 
  but i guess they will see it when the influx is so great that the social support system collapses and their money suddenly stops coming , oh gosh . 
  100 % agree . 
  for once i 'd like to see something actually done instead of constant talk talk talk and nothing . 
  it 's the same thing here in finland , things that should have been done like months ago are now being done and things that should be done now will be done after months . 
  so infuriating . 
  i think arwu is hands down the best one if you are considering academics , qs is a joke imo . 
  a peking university professor said that their goal is to make peking university a top 100 university in the world and then qs was released and he just laughed and said as a joke that we 're done here because qs ranked us around 50 . 
  also in qs the british universities and those universities with british roots like hk uni seem to do surprisingly well compared to arwu for example . 
  increasing amount of people also tend to have the idea that every synagogue is an israeli embassy . 
  increasing amount of people also tend to have the idea that every synagogue is an israeli embassy . 
  if the us leaves , the other option is basically getting a strong arsenal of nuclear weapons . 
  that 's how i see it too , if they leave we would need a strong deterrent . 
  media was all for hillary and she spent 3x money compared to trump , yet she lost . 
  actually solve the the `` refugee '' crisis and stop the sea taxi + other retarded policies that just attract people to europe . 
  if this continues and everyone closes their borders , it 's the biggest threat to eu i think . 
  it 's not actually that hard if you go for work or study , it 's kind of a meme that they are not welcoming . 
  as i said in other post sk for example has lots of different funding for foreign students and they want to attract them , but they are not open to refugee migration . 
  indeed , south korea actually has quite a lot of funding available for students from poorer countries and they try to get people to korea , but they do n't want `` refugee '' migration . 
  yeah south korea and japan are on the right track when it comes to the refugee thing . 
  two good countries i would really like to move to . 
  bells are ringing for the jihadists but did n't ring for the christians etc when they were being slaughtered . 
  i am just waiting for usa to join the fun in syria and turn it into total frozen conflict with russia because of geopolitics ( they could n't really care less about the civilians or else they would n't be funding the saudi campaign in yemen that has even purposefully targeted civilians ), 
  yeah that 's the us policy and it 's quite sensible . 
  south korea and japan really do n't need the nukes because they are covered under the us defense treaty but i fear that the north korean nuke program will push south korea towards nukes to show the people that they are not weak or something like that . 
  that might cause japan to develop their nukes after and it might escalate . 
  historically the nuclear program has been kind of a far right talking point in south korea but i think it has been getting more and more mainstream . 
  the thought of saudis having nukes is extremely scary for me , but i believe they too have the capability to develop them if they really decided so . 
  personally would n't want saudis to have them but would be ok with japan and south korea having them and i think long time down the line south korea will have them . 
  there is a very large support for them in south korea today and it 's only going to increase as north korea keeps developing it 's own program ( no end in sight ) . 
  i even think taiwan should have gotten nukes when they had the chance long time ago but obviously that window has now closed . 
  well said . 
  the alternative to bashar al-assad is exactly what ? 
  the `` moderate '' rebels who cut off a kid 's head ? 
  we have seen this thing so many times already and it has always resulted in a catastrophe . 
  at least eu countries should totally wash of their hands off this and let america go if they want to go but no support should be given . 
  have fun with them then when every border to italy is closed soon and heavily monitored . 
  eu is basically destroying itself with this stuff , le pen and other must be laughing lol .
