  can eu seriously stop being so cancerous ? 
  uk will probably leave because of the refugee farce ( even though it does n't really affect them directly ) and not because of the renegotiated treaty . 
  the hatred for eu will just increase with these kinds of comments . 
  do they think austria can handle the amounts with their generous welfare system ? 
  they have received more applications than italy and italy is one of the places where they are supposed to transport them to other countries with the redistribution plan . 
  russia does n't even need to lift a finger to destroy eu as eu seems to be doing it itself just fine . 
  holy god these people are stupid . 
  well they are n't really obliged to take any . 
  the whole distribution system will have the opposite effect and just increase the flow to europe . 
  the eu solution is getting blackmailed by turkey and distributing these young men with the last few countries that are willing to take anything anymore . 
  the distribution plan is dead , it 's not going to work . 
  austria is a small country with a very generous welfare system , it 's obvious they ca n't absorb these amounts . 
  they have already taken a huge amount of people . 
  most important thing for me is that visa free system stays , i do n't really care if there are border checks as it 's just additional security . 
  but getting a visa can be really annoying , for example if i go to china i have to provide various documents + passport photo + itinerary etc. 
  i really value being able to travel without getting visa . 
  he said something like `` i have seen strange things lately '' , it came off as if he was a bit shocked that so many refugees had refused to relocate . 
  kind of laughed at that interview . 
  juncker actually complained in some interview last week how it was super hard to get 50 people from greece and italy to move to luxembourg with the eu quota system as they all wanted to go sweden or germany lol . 
  the redistribution thing looks very unlikely to be honest . 
  even france has declared that they do n't want any permanent system . 
  personally i could take some syrian families here but i do n't want to give any kind power to eu to allocate a new bunch of young men here . 
  turkey is getting anxious when it 's looking like their pet isis might actually lose soon . 
  i think eu could for once use it power for good and try to implement something similar to the australian situation . 
  i believe it would be possible despite what some people say here . 
  the cost would be enormous and some people would lose face because they were wrong about the whole crisis and their policies did n't work . 
  i fear it will still take fairly long time for a solution like this . 
  syriza stopped putting them in camps and moved to `` humanitarian approach '', 
  you can stop the boats , it 's total bullshit that you ca n't . 
  absolute lies and refusal to take action . 
  you know it . 
  it 's good that that macedonia border is getting finally closed and you are forced to take action instead of stuffing them in buses while playing some kind of humanitarians , hypocrites . 
  it 's not even a country if you do n't have a border . 
  how would you have handled the situation before eu era when no one would take them ? 
  such a failed state you have and even dare to keep blaming others . 
  yes but they wo n't get asylum status as easily in those countries + the welfare benefits are a fraction of what they get here . 
  most of the people wo n't apply for asylum in those countries but 100 % do in finland . 
  i know that we should also cut our pull factors to zero like remove the welfare for migrants so they would n't come . 
  how would greece and italy have handled the situation pre eu era though ? 
  yeah , you guys are innocent . 
  absolutely , sorry . 
  it 's all someone else 's fault . 
  vote communists again , so worth it . 
  well it 's not really a surprise but why the hell do you need to airlift them from greece to here according to the eu plan if we have already took more . 
  i would be fine with pushing them forward too . 
  greece seems to be portrayed here often as some kind innocent actor , but it 's not that simple . 
  of course they are content with a situation where they just push people forward because no one wants to apply for asylum there . 
  in the end countries like yours and mine will be the ones to pay their welfare for life . 
  i think one factor that is n't really talked about here that made the refugee flow bigger was when syriza stopped putting people in camps in greece as the old government did . 
  it was the so called humanitarian approach . 
  of course greece would be fine with just pushing people forward because no one wants asylum there , they do n't have to pay welfare for those people for the rest of their lives . 
  it 's not like greece is some innocent actor here . 
  my country has also taken more asylum applications per capita than greece . 
  the government is negotiating with russia , the president was invited to meet putin which is a good sign that they are willing to negotiate . 
  putin can make the call stop this . 
  it was also rumored that government has some emergency amendment planned to the border law if the situation ca n't be fixed by negotiating . 
  it probably means that they will be turned away because russia is a safe country . 
  our government program also states that this government will not partake in any mandatory distribution of asylum seekers , all has to be on voluntary basis . 
  i hope they stick to it . 
  on the voting day still , a lot of people might end up voting yes if they do n't know which one to vote . 
  will be interesting to see what happens , i think the people in brussels need a wake up call . 
  indeed . 
  absolutely spineless worms , same with most finnish politicians though sadly , their main mission nowadays is to get orders from brussels . 
  i think here in finland the press has generally been quite left wing but has started to take a small turn to the right recently . 
  did n't bbc get accused of being too left wing at some point ? 
  i think they also did some investigation or did they ? 
  best anthems in my opinion : * [ ussr/russian ( same melody but different words ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u06jlgpmtqs ) * [ ddr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtv92wqyjfa ) * [ israel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njffpfw9oda ) * [ north korea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypr6le7edm8 ), 
  some researcher from our foreign policy institute said that claiming that isis uses the refugee wave is like the story about red riding hood , fake . 
  lol fucking idiots , nothing else . 
  looking forward to the aftermath of brexit when other eu countries start to demand things lol . 
  the deal looks pathetic , if i were uk citizen i would n't be happy either . 
  who turns the lights off in eu ? 
  let 's say thanks to france , usa , uk and the european countries that were cheering in the background . 
  peace and democracy reign in libya now as in iraq and various other countries . 
  must have been well worth it . 
  these are our new citizens . 
  thank god lol, 
  i always shudder when i think about the sweden 's fastest 14 year old , oh my god . 
  how can you even put that guy there with the kids ? 
  at least pretty much no migrants with papers arrive here in scandinavia anymore because of sweden 's border controls , thank god . 
  good luck making background checks on people who do n't have any papers , might lie their age etc etc. 
  besides it 's next to impossible to deport them so you can assume that pretty much anyone who comes will stay . 
  where do you deport them without papers ? 
  nowhere . 
  he said it right there , it 's not about closing the border but bringing more people in through rescue operations at the sea . 
  this is important to understand , when people at eu speak about border controls at greece-turkey sea border , they essentially speak about increased efforts to bring people from the sea to eu . 
  so basically it 's useless in curbing the numbers . 
  in the long run this will only increase the flow . 
  i think this summer some country is going to crack and then the domino effects gets really bad . 
  we 'll see what they have to say for it tomorrow , it might be a genuine mistake but hard to tell really , it 's yle after all . 
  i think he hit the nail with the `` however , in practice this means that anyone who knows how to pronounce the word `` asylum '' can enter europe and finland ; ... '' because that 's how it is currently , border control is more or less useless at least according to the way we interpret the treaties now . 
  this needs to change . 
  when you think the parody horizon has already been crossed by a wide margin , the margin becomes even larger . 
  every time . 
  i am not sure but there was a number of years you have to have lived there ( it 's lower for nationals from other nordic countries ) . 
  i think 3 years is enough for nordics , but i am not sure if you would have to prove that somehow or if they have some records . 
  as far as i understand , getting swedish citizenship is very easy when you have lived there for a certain amount of time . 
  not even a language test is needed ( if i remember correctly ) . 
  in finland a language test is required but it 's a joke . 
  indeed it 's just basically an artificial problem that has been mostly self made by eu by exercising absolutely retarded and naive policies .
