  seriously i am glad i got out but kind of sad that it 's getting flushed down the toilet . 
  because human rights and something , something , something ... 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  we have driven ourselves into a corner . 
  yeah it 's very good . 
  the immigration rate is really high but it 's also quite strict and not free for all like in eu . 
  i am not sure if singapore is a fair comparison to the european welfare state where huge swathes of population live on benefits , especially on the refugee/humanitarian migrant community . 
  the problem is that not many normal working people want to live in these communities so it creates the effect where all other people move out and only people who stay are the migrants . 
  also singapore does n't accept any refugees thus the composition of migration is different . 
  i think it 's not a fitting comparison at all . 
  so would for example saying that somalis have extremely high crime rate compared to the native population in finland be hate speech ? 
  it 's literally citing statistics but at the same time can be considered an attack against somalis . 
  but no worries , soon these things will no longer be showed in statistics like in sweden so obviously the problem will stop existing . 
  but if foreigner naturalizes in israel , he/she ca n't . 
  lots of countries have these types of restrictions that if you become citizen , you have to give up old citizenship . 
  for example japan and south korea , actually most countries are probably like that . 
  israel also does n't allow dual citizenship if you naturalize or acquire it by marriage . 
  only exception is the right of return . 
  but it 's ok !!, 
  they can do it but we ca n't , makes sense . 
  more migrants will probably be the killing blow, 
  i said it somewhere already but the russian thing is for democrats what `` benghazi ! '', 
  was for the republicans . 
  still not actual proof of anything , just some reports `` believe us it 's true because we say it 's true '', 
  the russia thing seems to be democratic party 's benghazi . 
  i honestly hope something like the australian system will be adopted sooner than later , it does n't have to be an exact copy but it has to remove the incentives to illegally immigrate . 
  absolutely ridiculous , how can it be like that . 
  i really like israel i have to admit , western country with some backbone . 
  hard to deport if no agreements , but i still think finland is quite tough society to live in without papers . 
  shitty weather , minimal welfare ( basically only emergency shelter type of thing ) , very small prospects of making a living illegally unlike in some other countries in europe . 
  there is going to be a big problem with rejected asylum seekers , do n't take me wrong , but regardless i do n't think finland is super attractive country to live in without any status . 
  nothing is eternal . 
  when those values endanger us , they will be put silently aside , of course no one will admit anything . 
  no , my government did n't vote against the relocation thing but neither voted for it . 
  i do n't even live in finland anymore and hopefully never will again so i ca n't really speak for what the people there want . 
  when shit really hits the fan those `` values '' wo n't mean anything . 
  i do n't want endless third world immigration on welfare and if eu tries to force it down out throats , it 's time to leave eu and follow the uk . 
  and what happens to the politicians who have let this happen ? 
  right , absolutely nothing and they will just double down on the doomed policies . 
  i ca n't see how this will end well in the long term , i mean you have hundreds of thousands of people with statistically quite high chance of not getting employed and thus not integrating well into the society . 
  many of them end up feeling like outsiders because of many factors . 
  also their chances on the relationship front are n't that great either despite the memes about refugees getting the european women , in reality what kind of a woman would take a long term partner who has no job and is basically on benefits for years and years ? 
  the only end result is really a total catastrophe . 
  i think in the long run the refugee question will be the end of eu . 
  `` russians did it '' is the new goto excuse . 
  same thing for eu , `` russia is trying to destroy eu . '', 
  trust me , russia does n't have to do anything , the eu is fully capable of it by themselves . 
  i feel it 's just going to be an empty proposal and they go on with quota crap and make everything worse . 
  can this nightmare end please ? 
  yep , we have basically lawed ourselves into a corner where we ca n't do anything but they can do everything , it just ca n't work like that if one side is only playing by the rules . 
  exactly , but i still fear nothing will happen until it gets really really bad . 
  i wonder what japan would do for example if they were in this situation ? 
  https://youtu.be/tbic1lzqiaw watch this video that someone posted here , it shows the non stop trafficking . 
  yeah , jesus christ honestly . 
  when does this madness end ? 
  does it end when schengen is in ruins and every country has basically closed their borders ? 
  detention until they remember their country or origin . 
  i wonder how japan or south korea would handle this as they are signatory to the same agreements as eu countries ? 
  this discussion is here every day like five times . 
  yes , they are very close to the shore but it 's the international law that basically mandates the sea taxi system , they ca n't take them back to libya because it 's kind of in war or something . 
  then it 's another question if the whole thing makes any sense , in my opinion , it does n't . 
  in the end it will just result to almost full border closures to italy and at some point the dam will burst . 
  also in germany is surprisingly hard for refugees to gain citizenship compared to finland for example . 
  i was quite surprised how strict the requirements in germany are actually . 
  it 's still a big issue and there are really no sign of any definite solution . 
  i think i would be fine with that if it was eu wide elections or something like that . 
  i do n't really get why we ca n't have an immigration policy that serves our interests , this is why many people are angry . 
  if a good policy was implemented , the far-right would lose lots of support . 
  i have lived in hong kong for some time now and immigration really is n't even a topic here in the same sense as it is in europe . 
  personally i fear that the mass immigration will destroy the safety in europe for forever basically , it 's so hard to pull back once it 's done . 
  i read that eu is like 8 % of world population or something but we give 60 % of all the welfare in the world . 
  it 's just too attractive place for certain type of immigration . 
  that 's actually more strict than i assumed , way more strict than in finland where they basically always become citizens after certain time . 
  probably fair to say it 's over for le pen then . 
  but again , i ca n't say anything after the clinton loss . 
  what is his stance on migration generally ? 
  like is he against the migrant distribution within the eu ? 
  distribution of migrants , jesus ... 
  god that picture , always comes to my mind when i read these news . 
  indeed , i sometimes feel like these people serve everybody else but the europeans . 
  eu is useless , it ca n't do anything to hungary so better just leave them alone or we might have more countries soon that leave the union and then we can drop the curtain . 
  show is over . 
  maybe eu could do something then ? 
  oh wait , the whole thing is staffed by the world 's most spineless people who are totally out of touch with everything . 
  the best eu can do to anything is send a sternly worded letter and the states just laugh their asses off to that . 
  as i said , it will probably work as well as the russian fact check website eu has that no one will even accidentally read . 
  seriously , they ca n't do anything right . 
  only the idiots here think that . 
  anyone with a little sense understands that hungary is actually doing relatively well and orban has lots of support . 
  around same as native person on welfare + the various other fees like translators for them etc etc. 
  i think the number is so big that no one dares to say it aloud . 
  indeed , absolutely spineless . 
  i do n't want them to do anything because nothing is better than the quota that would actively make the situation worse . 
  the quota idea is so horrible and it would encourage more migration . 
  yeah if they had power we would have quotas and it would be even worse . 
  no thanks . 
  do you honestly think uk will suddenly turn to shit when it 's not in the glorious eu anymore . 
  i mean come on . 
  it will be totally fine . 
  well said , ca n't say people have n't been warned .
