  the `` to be shared migrants '' would thus be people who have been smuggled from africa and the middle east . 
  of course any sane person realizes that this mechanism will only add a new pull factor on top of the existing ones like good welfare etc. 
  so many people will arrive that the mechanism would basically be active 24/7 and would be a new channel of migration . 
  total lunacy . 
  i do n't think any eastern european country was consulted when the commission was drafting the proposal . 
  timmerman and avramopoulos , both totally disconnected from reality , were the main people in making that i believe . 
  even when they knew that eastern eu will never accept that proposal , they still went on and threw more fuel to the fire and further splitting the eu again . 
  hungary will have a referendum about accepting migrants from other countries in september-october . 
  the commission seriously needs to drop this proposal . 
  the commission proposal on the migrant burden sharing is one thing that especially france and germany have been pushing since like the beginning of the crisis . 
  they even included the penalty fee of 250k eur if you do n't take them . 
  the eastern european countries were n't consulted at all when that system was being planned . 
  it was mostly driven by a few countries in the background and presented with the mouth of the commission . 
  well germany seems to be running the show more or less with france now . 
  i do n't think it 's a good thing at all . 
  merkel wanted her legacy to be the savior of the refugees and might instead end up as the gravedigger of the eu . 
  in eu it seems so . 
  seems like a good way to raise the spirit in the eu . 
  i believe there will be some deal that will involve restricting the freedom of movement in some ways probably . 
  schultz also said that eu has to discuss that with switzerland too now because of their earlier referendum regarding that . 
  to be honest , anyone with a functioning brain should be able to understand this . 
  we 'll see if the eu leadership gets it though . 
  merkel will be the gravedigger of eu . 
  faraga seems generally quite unlikable . 
  how is he liked in the uk and is he actually part of the official leave campaign ? 
  like are boris and the other tories associated with him in the campaign ? 
  yes , even here many seem to refuse to admit the facts . 
  now hungary is preparing referendum to vote for the `` migrant sharing '' , adding more fuel to the fire but it 's not really their fault , they did n't propose the lunatic sharing thing . 
  yep , schultz and juncker have done more for the leave campaign than farage could have ever done . 
  then they have this extremely cocky attitude and basically say that they have done no wrong . 
  some of the comments here are also extremely arrogant and dismiss any criticism against eu . 
  comments directed at eastern eu `` why do n't you just leave then ?? '', 
  the same types of comments were seen in the parliament debate . 
  the fact is that juncker and schultz have probably done way more for the leave campaign than nigel farage could have ever even dreamed of . 
  neither of them will resign . 
  this kind of fuels the hatred that eu has no accountability . 
  my personal guess is that nothing will change now either . 
  now the eu is contemplating on pushing even more for deeper integration as a result of the vote . 
  it wo n't end well . 
  if something will kill eu in the short-medium term , it will be migration . 
  currently eu has set the interests of basically everyone else ahead of the interests of europeans . 
  eu is acting as a global welfare office with high ideals . 
  i always get the reply `` but eu does n't have the power to manage migration '' . 
  true , but if they had power to impose solutions , we would have ended with migrant burden sharing that would have been just a new pull factor on top of the existing ones , it would have increased the flow a lot . 
  the burden sharing being still on the table tells that eu leadership has no clue about anything that 's going on . 
  the eu parliament seemed to be in total denial and the session regarding brexit mostly consisted of them preaching to each other and giving standing ovations and that more and more integration is needed . 
  they have no idea . 
  it 's the eu , no one is responsible for anything and the solution to brexit will probably be even more federalization . 
  indeed , ca n't really blame them for using the stupid system . 
  have to blame the politicians who made it possible in the first place . 
  the eu policy has been to deny anything is wrong and push on which seems to continue according to the papers obtained by the polish state media . 
  take a look at this document obtained by the polish state media . 
  http://s.tvp.pl/repository/attachment/d/5/1/d51736df11c6ad23221e46543829f1df1467008961919.pdf very popular ideas like burden sharing on migrants seem to be on the table again . 
  so the eu solution to the brexit is to up the gear to even higher level and push for more federalization . 
  good luck . 
  what the hell are they thinking ? 
  does merkel really want to be the gravedigger for eu ? 
  yeah , we would have mandatory refugee quotas and constant crisis on as it would be just another pull factor . 
  lets admit it , the commission is totally out of touch with the reality . 
  lol if they remove english then , good luck . 
  but it would be in line with eu stupidity . 
  what about ireland and malta ? 
  merkel has been the gravedigger for eu with her policies to migration . 
  glorified sea taxi from the coast of libya to the eu like the `` anti smuggling mission '' currently is . 
  merkel is the grave digger of eu . 
  totally agree . 
  eu elite will probably force it to germany though , they seem to be running the show anyway . 
  guy also said eu treats refugees badly . 
  where are they treated better ? 
  honestly hard to find many places in earth where you can live on welfare for the rest your life with state paying everything from rent to food . 
  but then again . 
  i do n't think spain has the problems with migration that central and northern european countries have because their social system is n't as giving . 
  they do n't have ethnic enclaves etc so it 's easy to say things like that . 
  god , that one . 
  like the worst decision ever . 
  also juncker and schultz should resign , they were also supporting the mass migration . 
  no , the real solution is to cut the benefits for the migrants ( basically remove all pull factors ) and simply start implementing some style of solution that resembles the one australia has . 
  or pouring money to african countries and making sure they stop the flows and maybe give them some benefits in addition to the money if they comply . 
  it 's not my job to do , that 's why the eu people with fat salaries are there , it 's their job to do these things . 
  but imposing any kind of burden sharing is basically a deathblow to eu , that will guarantee more referendums and right wing governments in short/long term . 
  if eu wants to be destroyed , so be it . 
  currently eu seems to serve everyone else 's than it 's members ' interests , no wonder why the uk left . 
  `` cooperative framework to deal with migration and refugee flows '' , does this mean the idiotic burden sharing that will realistically never pass ? 
  then more will probably leave in the long term and the whole thing will come down . 
  it 's really totally up to them at this point . 
  alright that 's good to know . 
  i hope we 'll get out the crisis mode soon and things will settle . 
  i trust that once the uncontrolled migration is dealt with , the anti-eu sentiment will lower considerably . 
  i mainly hope that eu will do self reflection and actually start solving issues like migration now . 
  it 's not sustainable currently with the `` rescue mission '' fishing thousands of people from the coast libya every day . 
  yes , the eu migration crisis is n't really linked to the one in uk but it was presented as so . 
  it also made eu seems weak when it tried to scramble together a solution , this is how it looked from the uk . 
  yeah it was n't uk 's problem at all but it gave bad image about eu , like showing that they had lost the control the crisis . 
  i wrote in another comment that many leave people might be disappointed in the immigration because the eu immigration has generally been immigration that integrates quite well and has high employment rate . 
  the immigration from south asia has mainly been the one that has caused problems like ethnic enclaves and the infamous `` asian '' ( pakistani ) rape gangs . 
  the hong kong issue was settled in 1997 and is now incorporated into prc and it 's constitution . 
  it 's pretty obvious that independence will never happen , basically electricity and water comes from mainland . 
  prc has almost all the cards in this case . 
  on the other hand i do n't think prc wants to rock the boat but to keep the status quo and slowly try to integrate hong kong more and more . 
  yep , i hope the eu honestly understands this .
