  personally i am just tired of it , time to sit back and watch the train wreck . 
  the refugees crisis will put an end to this show and we can drop the curtain soon . 
  eu is too weak willed to survive it . 
  brits made the right choice and trust me , they will always survive with or without the eu . 
  if the eu leaders had taken their heads out of their asses before , these people would n't probably even be here . 
  but instead they did everything to block and shame countries from stopping this . 
  they probably wo n't because human rights and stuff , you know . 
  i think giving some free money could help . 
  if the eu gets caught with pants on the ground like last time , i think it will pretty much spell the end of the whole union . 
  in fact , i think the migration will be the end eu , there are really no signs of eu leadership understanding this . 
  well , they ca n't say that they were n't warned when it happens . 
  now we just watch it all burn . 
  will probably be as useful as the eu 's russia fact checking page linked here a few days ago that no one will even accidentally read . 
  yeah , everything seems to be their fault now . 
  i am actually surprised how well reddit has eaten that up too . 
  yeah , it 's especially bad because you ca n't bring anything to the mausoleum , not even a small plastic bag in case you vomit . 
  so i decided not to go because i do n't want to throw up on the floor . 
  i vomited a day before the mausoleum trip and felt bad before going to kumsusan so i stayed in the waiting room because i did n't want to vomit on the floor ( what a scandal that would be ) . 
  some other people also stayed at the waiting room . 
  my friend said the mausoleum is impressive but not the most impressive thing there . 
  i would say the grand monuments of the leaders are really impressive , combined with the music playing there etc. 
  i was honestly quite pro-eu before the refugee thing broke . 
  back then i wanted more integration but if the price for that are some lunatic quotas for the refugees , no way in hell . 
  the more i follow the refugee situation , the more i think this will be the breaking point for the eu . 
  not the greece debt crisis or other financial things , but this one . 
  the price was like 1300 euros , it was a student trip from university of hong kong ( i think we also had a few who were n't from hku and lots of exchange students like me ) and yes we had two female guides , no special government agents or anything . 
  they seemed quite relaxed and other one had lived in china and now her sister was living there . 
  they also asked if anyone has been to south korea , seemed to know about the outside world quite a lot . 
  it was honestly less controlled what i thought it would be because in the train for example you can talk with the other north koreans , assuming you can find a common language . 
  only a few spoke english but they were really interested in talking about our lives etc. 
  my trip was 5 days , mostly around pyongyang and then the dmz visit at the north-south border . 
  we also met some students and talked with them like one on one . 
  the students spoke quite good english even though they had only learned for like 3 years . 
  overall very much worth it . 
  the migration thing will be remembered as the biggest farce of eu . 
  it might even be remembered as the thing that brought eu down . 
  thia migration will probably be the end of eu . 
  hope they think about that when they stand on the ruins of the eu , was the mass migration worth it ? 
  trump 's 2 % chance to win against clinton . 
  how is it if you do n't speak any russian ? 
  can you get by easily ? 
  i just visited north korea and belarus is really at the top of my list of the places i want to visit . 
  if they do n't stop the mass immigration , yes it will break apart . 
  ca n't say that they have n't been warned though . 
  indeed . 
  someone asked above how do you prevent the far right from getting power . 
  the answer is actually solving the problem which in large part is unskilled mass immigration . 
  it will ruin europe if it 's not stopped . 
  i believe denmark and norway are okay and quite sane . 
  finland is okay still but will probably become sweden 2.0 when it comes to the immigration issue . 
  needless to say , sweden is totally lost . 
  what is juppe 's stance on immigration ? 
  this is a big factor that 's often ignored in europe . 
  what is his stance on immigration ? 
  that might be somewhat deciding factor considering the events in france . 
  i think if the refugee thing is n't dealt with , eu might be over in some years or at least more and more countries start to ignore it and do things their own way . 
  statistically ee migrants do better than somalis though , actually much better at least in finland . 
  our somalis are like 50 % unemployed . 
  this has to happen and i hope it does happen soon , otherwise i think the whole eu might go under . 
  it wo n't be temporary though . 
  let 's just admit that when they get here , they are pretty much here to stay . 
  at least it was relatively stable them , now it 's not . 
  thank god trump got elected and will probably pull put of syria and stop the us support for the terrorists . 
  well said . 
  yeah i remember italy getting fined by eu before so ca n't really blame them really . 
  i asked this too like months ago and got some weird answer that basically said nothing . 
  indeed , what would they do without eu to throw the migrants at ? 
  30k last year about , not so many this year . 
  the social systems are already extremely burdened though , i think they will have to suffer more cuts in the future . 
  the distribution would just attract more people to come , it 's a non-solution . 
  totally lunatic idea , thank god it wo n't go through . 
  indeed . 
  the mass migration is an issue of a different scale , it has the political weight to destroy the whole eu . 
  if the eu goes under , it will be because of the lunatic stance to mass migration , not because of economic problems or something else . 
  i have friends who did n't even care about the eu before but after the migration mess they are staunchly against it , even though not all of it was eu 's fault but they did n't help it either with the retarded distribution plan etc. 
  indeed , it might actually be the end of eu if it keeps going for long enough . 
  at some point will have had enough . 
  i think the green party actually has it in their platform which i was really surprised about because that 's how it should be . 
  military service should be equal too if you strive for equality , otherwise it 's just hypocritical . 
  note : i do n't vote for greens , i am quite far from them politically but i was just surprised that they included it in their platform . 
  people like that guy will be the undoing of eu , i think it 's over if this continues and we 'll get more far right parties around europe winning with landslides . 
  it 's ridiculous idea that eu should be some kind of welfare office for the whole world where you can just walk in , what the heck is this ? 
  europe will collapse under 300 million , holy shit . 
  i am out of here if that ever comes to pass , seriously how lunatic is that ? 
  yeah , more migrants . 
  that 's a good way to put the eu to an end which will probably happen on a longer term if this continues . 
  the mass migration will be the end of eu and the reason why the right wing parties will win big . 
  the `` refugee crisis '' if anything will kill the eu , especially with the rate of arrivals in italy being very high . 
  also the turkey-eu deal might fall apart and have huge political consequences . 
  the feeling of safety is very important indeed . 
  i think any reasonable person did n't expect macron be the savior of everything , after all many of his policies were quite moderate . 
  interesting . 
  north korean military personnel also attended as seen in the video . 
  yep , i think so too . 
  in here they have began chipping away it slowly . 
  is it easy to get a job there on programming as foreigner ? 
  i am currently studying in finland , doing my master 's degree . 
  i plan to accumulate some work experience here and then move abroad , i have been looking at czechia and it seems pretty pleasant place . 
  the salary seems pretty good too to be fair , especially when considering the cost of living . 
  how is the security situation generally in germany ?
