  then you have to be a true expert on the matter . 
  i wish the living time would make me an expert too on the affairs of my country but i am afraid it does n't outside my own bubble . 
  i am sure you know so much more , you are a white european living there after all . 
  you must have the best knowledge . 
  so is my home country ( finland ) also multicultural then if those things are true ? 
  government supports learning their own language for example . 
  so finland is multicultural then too and so is denmark because those things are fulfilled thus the queen is totally wrong according to this logic and the article is bullshit . 
  or maybe it is n't ? 
  is it ? 
  their government 's website tries to paint the country in a positive light , color me surprised . 
  it has to be true then . 
  well if i grew up in korea as an ethnic finn , i would be culturally korean and ethnically finnish . 
  besides singapore is still 75 % chinese , 3/4 of the population are chinese . 
  come back when it 's no longer dominated so heavily by a single ethnicity . 
  you also make it sound like singapore is some kind of heaven of multiculturalism ( assuming you link the ethnicity to culture now ) , chinese and a handful of white people own the whole place pretty much . 
  also the society is kind of divided on racial lines too if you look at the big picture . 
  how many whites do you see driving taxis or busses there ? 
  indeed , i do n't think he understands the fundamental difference between culture and ethnicity . 
  anyway even if looking by ethnicity singapore is still like 75 % chinese which is a lot , with like about 15 % malay . 
  i live in hk which is around 94 % chinese . 
  i would claim that hk is extremely segregated , westerners hang together , mainland chinese hang together and locals hang together . 
  this seems to be the general thing , of course there are exceptions . 
  if the population makeup of singapore would be 50 % chinese and 50 % malay , i would dare to say that some problems would start to arise . 
  besides there actually were some race riots in singapore between malay and chinese long time ago . 
  immigration policy is also very strict in singapore and they take 0 refugees per year unlike europe that basically invites the worst people because of our social systems . 
  i hate when some hk people talk to me about multiculturalism like they knew how it was , i mean come on . 
  prime minister also participated in other city i think . 
  i wonder if the move was as well calculated as the one where he told he would give his house to refugees and it was broadcasted on iraqi tv , that earned us about 30k migrants  and in the end he did n't even give it . 
  what a clown seriously . 
  one speaker said that he thinks that government does n't give enough money to people . 
  i agree it 's a shame that you ca n't earn more from benefits than from actual work , tough life . 
  media is pretty much running this country now and it 's becoming sweden 2.0 on good pace . 
  hope people have an exit plan . 
  i think they also use borderline slave labour , i mean come on . 
  more money for sea taxi then ? 
  of course most is paid to finns , if more was paid to the about 5 % immigrant population , i would be even more worried than i am now but then again if that was true , the system would have probably collapsed long time ago . 
  well yes , i do n't think most literally come up for the welfare , maybe some do but that 's the scenario that most often happens and then they get into the welfare loop that can last more than 10 years . 
  i do n't really blame them for getting the welfare if it 's available , it 's more of a fault of the system i think . 
  our first somalis came like 20 years ago and their employment rate is still under 50 % , this was in a government report last year , i will try to find it . 
  i mean think about it for a while , you got people who can barely write their own language so you need all kinds of translation services etc for them to function normally in the society as they ca n't usually speak even english most of the time . 
  native person can speak the country 's language yet we have over 200k unemployed , so what do they offer really is the question ? 
  my country ( finland ) is not like america where you basically have to work the low wage jobs , here you can just sit on welfare and that 's what many do understandably so the idea that they would be a new great working force for the low wage jobs is stupid . 
  whole thing is such a fail but what it will accomplish in the long run is the destruction of the welfare state , at least in finland where the economy already sucks and we do n't have the oil like norway or otherwise strong economy like sweden or a sane immigration policy like denmark . 
  so it 's a lost cause imo unless something changes . 
  well we got around 30k iraqis last year that traveled through 7 safe countries and there are basically no jobs in finland as 200-500k people are already unemployed so their prospects are very bad . 
  what are they looking for ? 
  our handouts are extremely competitive though so no worries there . 
  they interviewed some migrants stuck at the macedonian border like a week ago and the man just matter of factly stated that he wants to go to germany because they need us there and want us . 
  make of that what you will . 
  the humanitarian immigration is mainly welfare immigration so it 's not like it will solve any problems , just create more burden to the social system . 
  work based immigration is a thing of its own but the refugee thing really has nothing to do with it nor it is meant to . 
  they actually had a deal with libya when gaddafi was the leader but now the deal is gone because the country is in ruins . 
  i always laugh at the thought of flying them around in eu on such a massive scale then being surprised when some leave the poorer countries and head to germany and when some cancel their applications when they get allocated to countries like bulgaria ( this actually happened in greece , they cancelled when they knew they were going to some eastern eu countries ) . 
  gosh it 's going to work so well !, 
  it 's true , they are the real nazis but i would still wait for the investigation to conclude and see what went on there . 
  it was such a central location that there should be cameras there or something . 
  well i mean their countrymen mostly live in helsinki so i guess they want to live with them . 
  nowadays though they ca n't choose their place of living freely anymore i think unless they get a job or go study to helsinki , like they ca n't just move there and have the government pay , they have to actually have something to do there . 
  good we are both glad , you can have your migrants like the nuclear engineers and heart surgeons , they will raise the country to new heights . 
  who knows maybe eu will take one million more next year ? 
  honestly when i left a burden was lifted from my shoulders . 
  the site linked is a site specifically made to investigate `` the far right '' so i would n't say it 's exactly a non biased source . 
  the investigation is still going on and the situation was quite unclear , i read that some of the far left agitators who showed up were carrying illegal weapons like knives . 
  media was already reporting how we was a good guy etc etc but we will see . 
  if it indeed turns out to be true , expect months and months of coverage how everything right wing is bad . 
  the other option is that it ends up in the same category where a somali was allegedly thrown out of a moving train ( it really did n't happen ) . 
  last week some asylum seekers strangled a finnish man to death , this was very quietly handled in the media surprisingly . 
  but when some black kid was allegedly left on a bus stop , even the president crawls out and apologizes , like wtf . 
  then they wonder why the trust in the media is so low and people read those alternative sites ... 
  thank god i left that country , it 's slowly turning into sweden 2.0, 
  same thing in finland , most seem to slowly drift towards helsinki . 
  according to the state media it 's because `` there are more jobs in helsinki '' , but i do n't really buy that considering the unemployment rate . 
  honestly not sure if that post is a troll or the poster is just genuinely stupid . 
  indeed . 
  in many ways it 's basically creating a underclass on ethnic and religious lines . 
  that will surely work well . 
  what has the coast guard really done ? 
  currently there 's the eu operation acting as a sea taxi from the libyan coast to eu ? 
  if that is the contribution , why even have it . 
  i would rather subsidy them forever than take these asylum shoppers and subsidize them forever because realistically most will have some entry level job maybe in 10-20 years . 
  maybe asselborn can exclude himself and stop spouting that crap . 
  i see red every time when i think of the one pic that shows the route of the frontex ferry service from the coast of libya to italy . 
  indeed . 
  immigration is very good when done in controlled way , not like the mess in certain we countries . 
  i think the whole welfare state model in western europe will collapse before that if there are constantly more and more takers but not payers . 
  it 's not sustainable . 
  yep and the tragic looking pictures of the officers and migrants . 
  they surely know how to play that game . 
  indeed or if our governments interpreted it more like japan and south korea do . 
  it will be quite sad if this will be the agreement that plunges the continent in to chaos . 
  eu was also pushing hard for the permanent distribution mechanism which would have been a total disaster and huge magnet . 
  i think hungary operated up to that point on the principle that greece let them through anyway so why would n't we ? 
  you did your part , now the route from greece is blocked . 
  letting people in to your country without any checks whatsoever is mind boggling to me , it 's a huge security risk . 
  right to asylum yes . 
  japan and south korea have signed that treaty too , yet they only admit under 1 % of all applicants . 
  it 's all about how you interpret those treaties . 
  hungary is also fully compliant too , the assesment is done at the border . 
  life on welfare since retirement is not part of these treaties . 
  well they came up with the migrant sharing idea but now it has basically died off quiely because it was so unpopular .
