  indeed , in america you were given the opportunity to work and you either used or did n't use it . 
  that 's it . 
  also the selection criteria was quite strict even back then . 
  eu is a paper tiger and they know it . 
  nothing eu can do because hungary will veto the article 7 thing anyway . 
  all pull factors need to be removed . 
  no more free money , free house , free everything . 
  make it clear that there is no future here if you come illegally , just like australia does , it 's the only long term solution , otherwise they will just keep coming . 
  indeed the free money magnet is strong . 
  i would bet that if that was cut , it would drastically reduce the amounts . 
  it would n't get rid of them all but at least it would deter the people who only come for welfare . 
  the libyan invasion was spearheaded by france and i think obama later grudgingly went along with it , but later said it was his greatest mistake . 
  the iraq war on the other hand is more or less american thing and the us support of the moderate rebels ( basically isis ) in syria . 
  do n't forget the free money and different programs . 
  i heard those work well . 
  are they training new sea taxis ? 
  or maybe many people who were for it at first are slowly realizing that it 's retarded and fear that they would lose face if they admitted it . 
  the migrants here certainly seem to have that right . 
  no it wo n't be . 
  it 's a total joke . 
  it 's totally idiotic idea from every possible angle . 
  no one wants them really and they do n't want to go to some countries . 
  it 's just doomed to fail . 
  you know why they do n't get much of the migrants that we gets ? 
  because they do n't give as much welfare money ( free money ) as many central and northern european countries do . 
  that explains a large part of it . 
  we are a joke basically . 
  everything seems to be . 
  we should stop the crap and actually look to our interests for once in a while . 
  something like this will probably be implemented in long term when the eu leaders wake up . 
  maybe in a few years . 
  indeed , the welfare is so generous in northern europe and basically the risk is worth it when the reward is free money for the rest of your life . 
  stop the eu naval presence there , what 's the point of being there if all you are doing is being a taxi for them . 
  soon they would get the point . 
  fucking ferry service seriously . 
  someone should tell them to stop it , just stop . 
  i always get angry when i think about that `` border protection '' which is basically a sea taxi . 
  most will end up on welfare for tens and tens of years . 
  that 's what has happened before and that is what will happen now , even increasingly so because more and more low level jobs will be gone as technology advances . 
  one of the worst foreign policy blunders . 
  i think it was spearheaded by france and then joined by others . 
  yep , we already have so much welfare tourism that the system would just eat itself alive . 
  totally ridiculous idea in all ways . 
  what is the chance that referendum fails ? 
  is it likely ? 
  they come because they know that they will get rescued and free life awaits in europe . 
  indeed , the system will eat itself when you have a ratio where one tax payer pays ten leeches . 
  i am all for the welfare safety net and stuff but it should strictly be limited to citizens . 
  it also rises a question , why stay and work here if huge portion of your salary goes to keeping this system going that 's so heavily abused ? 
  but it was a solution that worked , it ended the illegal immigration problem . 
  now there is no incentive to go to australia illegally . 
  option 4 . is to stop rescuing them . 
  meanwhile criticizing others for actually doing something , for example the australian refugee solution was heavily criticized by eu at the time . 
  apparently they should have offered free money , free housing and free everything like here . 
  one of the biggest foreign policy blunders honestly . 
  absolutely retarded stuff . 
  now they want to get rid of assad and the new guys will surely be better , right , right ?? 
  well finnish army has n't been acting as a sea taxi at least . 
  doing nothing is better than actively making the situation worse . 
  good thing would also be to stop giving them free money , free housing , free everything . 
  could do wonders when it comes to the pull factor . 
  yep , the current method just encourages more and more to come . 
  well italy and other countries are literally fishing the people from the coast of libya and carrying them to europe . 
  it 's a free taxi to the promised land , i mean come on . 
  they have learned what strings to pull with europeans . 
  when our somalis have some problems they already know that it 's easiest to pull out the racism card and get guaranteed media circus going even if the issues do n't have anything to do with racism . 
  it 's probably the first finnish word somali parents teach their kids here . 
  yep . 
  these people are n't the much wanted workers , like 50 % are on welfare even after 10 years and huge sums of money spent on them . 
  total waste . 
  indeed , it sent the wrong message . 
  yes , bears shit in the forest . 
  yeah , it 's not like france is a lost cause . 
  they just need to take no bullshit stance on everything like this , proper and long sentences to send a clear message . 
  it 's totally controllable but it needs the political will . 
  they might think that in their ivory towers but there is no political possibility for that at all after what has happened during the last year etc. 
  welfare magnet is pulling them to northern and central europe and that 's a fact . 
  and actually there is plan b , the person who was negotiating the turkey told it in an interview . 
  it 's basically sealing the border with greece and hoping that the prospects of not getting to the high welfare states and the bad conditions in greece will keep them away . 
  lots and lots of fences . 
  so kind of a de facto suspension of the refugee convention . 
  judging by his other comments , i think he has some problems . 
  politics aside , i actually like the monuments on the coins , the art is cool . 
  i like him too but he seemed to be in his ivory tower when the refugee thing was going on , i do n't think he realized the magnitude of that at first , but hopefully does now . 
  that 's what you get when the mainstream parties refuse to do anything , many people will vote for the far right solely because of their refugee stance . 
  if the mainstream parties adopted some of these ideas , the support of the far right would go down , it 's not rocket science . 
  when they know that they ca n't continue anywhere from greece , that should stop most of them . 
  they 're mostly headed to the high welfare states in central and northern europe . 
  it 's kind of telling what type of people seem to be running the show in brussels . 
  she should be absolutely fired if she tries to go forward with that . 
  maybe he should tell the same to the other gulf states . 
  in israel they bulldoze the homes of the terrorists ' families . 
  in eu we give them free money . 
  well if you just keep taking them , there 's more or less infinite amount of people coming . 
  the difference in the living standards is just too high and we have extremely generous welfare system that will attract a lot of people . 
  i do n't think most people really have problem with work based immigration , even if it comes from africa because if they have a job , the chance that they radicalize is extremely small . 
  currently a lot of our immigrants from that region are on welfare benefits and just hang around the city all day , it 's a recipe for disaster . 
  humanitarian migration is the problem , and if it 's not stopped , the problems in our society will just keep growing . 
  good examples are certain areas in sweden where these problems have gone through the roof . 
  pretty much eu anymore who even gives a flying fuck about the convention , japan and south korea have applied it very selectively for the time of it 's existence .
