  stop . 
  just stop . 
  yeah , they deserve free money , free house ( preferably a big one ) and a european wife . 
  nothing less is grave abuse of their rights . 
  shame !, 
  shame !, 
  gosh !, 
  no one surely saw that coming right ??? 
  right ?? 
  welfare tap is n't as loose in those places . 
  clearly the benefits in portugal were n't to their liking , tells the story quite well . 
  indeed , if something had been done before , it would n't have gotten to this point . 
  same in finland . 
  detroit of europe . 
  yeah these types of things should be implemented . 
  some kind of islam with european characteristics should be the goal . 
  finland seems to walk the same path as other western european countries too with government sponsoring things like their native language schooling and culture things . 
  i am really on the opinion that people are allowed to do lots of things as long as it 's done with their own money and not on government 's dime . 
  i mean they can have their arabic language lessons but it has to be done privately , government should only support the things mandated in the curriculum like finnish , swedish , english , german etc. 
  the retaining of own culture does n't help with integration one bit . 
  paraphrasing our state media last september : `` lines of highly educated people are heading into europe : professors , doctors , teachers ... '' aaaaaaand forward to this day , according to the government study even some of those migrants who have marked themselves as highly educated on the self assesment had trouble with writing . 
  i think we hit a jack pot here guys . 
  can the host country send the ambassador back in these cases or what usually happens if they ca n't be prosecuted ? 
  hahahahahaha !, 
  you got me !, 
  and you would let people who you do n't know anything about to let freely roam around ? 
  it 's total lunacy and it wo n't be allowed again because if some country does that for prolonged period of time , every country bordering it will have border controls in place soon . 
  then they keep coming and other actions have to be taken . 
  free money finds its takers always . 
  it would make it worse and they can be held there until they are deported . 
  it does n't make sense at all that they can roam free in the mainland while their status is still unclear/waiting for deportation . 
  that would be pure lunacy . 
  he can take them to live on his house then , there 's some human rights . 
  i hate it when they use the `` it 's human rights '' argument every time , according to that you ca n't do anything . 
  do you let people then roam free on your territory as illegals ??? 
  it does n't make any sense except somehow does in europe . 
  indeed , handing out free stuff is the main pull factor , but it 's hardly discussed at all . 
  i think the terror law change is off the books after the coup , there is no way they will comply with that but i believe eu will let that pass . 
  in reality coming from a safe third country is a valid reason to reject asylum . 
  other reasons include the possibility of escaping to a safe area within the original country , this applies to many people from iraq who instead of coming to eu for welfare , could have moved to baghdad because it 's classified as safe . 
  in fact almost all iraqi asylum application are rejected nowadays in finland based on this provision of the agreement . 
  the real pace of the deportations to turkey is actually very slow , not that many have been deported . 
  the real reason why people wo n't come to europe from that route anymore is mainly that they ca n't continue from greece because the border is closed . 
  no one is going to waste thousands and thousands of euros to smugglers if they get stuck in greece instead of getting to the high welfare countries in central and northern europe . 
  personally i think the deal is still easily worth it but same type of agreements need to be set to the italy route because otherwise the next flashpoint will be there . 
  oh really ???? 
  maybe they should do research into thay , oh wait they did here and result was that people see the sentences as too weak . 
  it 's not bullshit so just stop it . 
  there have been research ( launched by the state ) here lately on how people perceive the sentences given out in this system and it pretty much concluded that people see the sentences as too low . 
  now the justice ministry is doing a probe to see whether stronger punishments should actually be implemented . 
  it 's actually harder to get even the prison hotel sentence than you think . 
  if i went outside and beat someone heavily , it would be extremely unlikely that i got a prison sentence where i would actually have to go to the prison . 
  granted , if the sentences do get increased which i certainly hope they do , they probably are n't as strict as i 'd like to . 
  i am more for a singapore type or system with canings and death penalty , but they are actually much safer than then nordic countries . 
  gosh , can you believe that ?? 
  can you draw a direct correlation like that though ? 
  i could also say that singapore , hong kong and japan are extremely safe societies because they have quite hard punishment for even minor crimes . 
  the answer is that there are more factors that contribute to it . 
  a person in finland is born into this system and thus really has no comparison , the punishment he gets here is the default . 
  but an iraqi person has something to compare to assuming that he even knows little about his country 's criminal system and practices , so he can easily see the finnish system as weak . 
  well this one could have been prevented by not taking these people in in the first place . 
  there are safe areas in iraq and they traveled through many european countries . 
  asylum check at the border and then turn back . 
  my solution would have been not to take these people in the first place and close the borders when the show began . 
  leave the refugee convention if necessary . 
  of course this is n't politically feasible but that 's what would have been the preventative measure . 
  i think justice system like in singapore would be good . 
  total zero tolerance to crimes like that . 
  much safer country than western european countries by the way . 
  they have lots of immigration but they are n't part of the refugee convention and have strict rules on the immigration . 
  japan and singapore are extremely safe , even more than finland but they have quite strict sentences . 
  i do n't think you can draw conclusions like that . 
  well it did n't work for the woman concerned . 
  well if you come from a system where you lose your hand for stealing and end up in a system where if you steal from a shop , you will get a fine that you wo n't even have to pay in the end because you do n't have the money . 
  the sentences are n't credible at all at least in my country . 
  your country might be different but i was mostly referring to western europe here . 
  people in this country in general do n't have any idea what 's going on with the justice system because you actually have to do some research and look at the court documents etc. 
  also the situation in the capital ( around 1/10 of our population ) is totally different to some small town in the north . 
  i was mostly referring to northern and western europe , the countries that took most of the asylum seekers . 
  but yes , eastern europe is totally different . 
  also the top one sea taxi in europe . 
  the problem in modern europe is that everyone has lots of different rights but not really any responsibilities . 
  government pays welfare , pays housing , pays everything . 
  if you do crimes and manage to actually get a jail sentence , then you go the jail which is basically like a hotel here in finland and then you come back and government pays again . 
  zero personal responsibility in anything . 
  yeah the sea taxi service has to stop , it 's just retarded . 
  you know these countries that host most of the `` refugees '' , they only offer the bare minimum . 
  in eu countries they get free money , free housing , free everything . 
  what 's the point of even doing anything if everything is handed for free ? 
  it 's a total recipe for failure . 
  besides why it 's always europe that has to take these , we already take a huge amount when compared to other 1st world countries and our benefits to these migrants are gigantic . 
  japan does n't take really nor does south korea despite these two countries having much higher living standards than many countries in eu . 
  they rarely get same kind of condensation . 
  most of these people travel for the high welfare in central and northern europe , that 's just the way it is . 
  not many would want to travel to finland through europe if it was n't for the free benefits . 
  personally i am quite liberal and have the mindset that people are allowed to do a lot of things if they do them with their own money , but in this case it 's always the tax payer that pays everything . 
  we have to look to our interests and not destroy the cohesion of our societies with huge amounts of 3rd world migration . 
  there are visas for legitimate purposes like studying and working . 
  quota refugees from camps are also taken yearly by many eu countries . 
  eu countries are n't some welfare offices for the whole world where you can just come in take your slice , the system wo n't be up for very long if it goes like that .
