  some of these include : * very good welfare systems that become instantly available when you get a permission to stay in the country instead of working for 2 years for example then you would get into the system or possibly only available to citizens . 
  changes to welfare would lessen the pull factor a lot . 
  for example in finland after they get asylum they have a right to choose the city they want to live in so of course at least 50 % chooses helsinki and the state pays the housing ( not any luxury houses in the city center but still ) . 
  * some states not requiring anything from them to integrate . 
  in finland everything is translated to them etc , making life very easy and not even worth it to integrate . 
  as far as i know , you can get swedish or finnish citizenship without language test if you are a refugee . 
  who respects that kind of culture i wonder ? 
  enough said . 
  * geneva convention and in addition the extremely liberal eu asylum directive and the way eu states interpret these . 
  geneva convention needs to be amended or abandoned in the future i think . 
  for example most arab states and singapore have n't signed this convention at all so they do n't have to take any refugees . 
  japan and korea also interpret the convention very strictly . 
  * eu is total paper tiger , even 3rd world countries laugh at us and do n't take their nationals back . 
  of course usa ( with a lot of eu countries cheering in the background ) is also to blame for destabilizing these countries in the first place . 
  iraq and libya for example . 
  ** in short , eu is a huge magnet for migrants and it really ca n't blame anyone but itself . 
  if i have learned anything during the last 4 months , it is that eu leaders are living in some kind of alternative universe . 
  holy shit they can be deluded . 
  i was very pro eu before the migrant thing but now i am really anti eu after i saw how deluded the leaders are . 
  the 160k distribution plan did it for me . 
  hope eu gets destroyed because finland wo n't leave , we 'll be the last ones with germany to switch off the lights . 
  welfare train seems to be operating quite well here in finland , at least for the refugees . 
  i think any eu citizen living in finland would be eligible for welfare as it 's living based . 
  they stopped checking those to finland too . 
  apparently our government is negotiating some new treaty with them . 
  which country has the best welfare ? 
  yes it has some good things and surely noble intentions , but also a lot of restrictions on how countries should implement the asylum process if you look at it more in detail . 
  it has caused some problems in my country but for example norway does n't have this directive abd they have been able to work more flexibly . 
  yes but the asylum directive kind of amends the geneva convention in a sense . 
  the migrants have very few responsibilities yet a huge array of different rights . 
  i think one would have to abandon the directive at the same time when abandoning the convention . 
  the geneva convention is quite loosely worded in some things but the asylum directive is very specific . 
  i wonder why such directive was even accepted in the first place . 
  greece 's government can leave the refugee treaty if the parliament decides to do so . 
  after the parliament has made the decision , it will give the notice to the un general secretary and according to treaty it will take 1 year for the changes to come into force . 
  also the eu asylum directive , which is completely lunatic , needs to be reworked/abandoned . 
  the whole right to asylum has so few responsibilities but so many benefits that it does n't make sense anymore , it has become a path for migration . 
  things like lying your age do n't have any effect on the asylum process etc. 
  the asylum convention is the true elephant in the room but no one really talks about abandoning it , but i predict it will be done this year or in the coming years if the situation stays the same as it 's unsustainable . 
  migrant waves are actually a very strong weapon in this type of hybrid warfare as you see . 
  saudis used migrants against jemen before and it worked well . 
  it 's very problematic especially in the case of greece where you have the water . 
  you really ca n't let them drown but on the other hand if you take them , you are stuck with them . 
  it also attacks against society and tried to divide it in half , anti-migration vs migration , right vs left etc. 
  this greatly benefits the attacker . 
  as a result politicians become paralyzed and are unable to do anything without angering the other half , this seems especially true about europe . 
  also this strategy is very effective against countries with strong commitment to human rights and various treaties , less to against authoritarian countries . 
  it 's a perfect weapon against eu , almost too good to be true . 
  eu has such strong pull factors with the welfare etc. 
  it 's not the first time these kind of migrant waves have been used in semi warfare . 
  maybe it 's time for eu countries to abandon the refugee convention , and at the same time scrap the lunatic eu asylum directive that was seemingly made by some hippies . 
  if this will go on for long , i think countries are going to start abolishing the right for asylum . 
  leaving the treaty is perfectly legal , although it takes 1 year to become active if i remember correctly . 
  then eu countries will have to cut all welfare to these migrants , no free money . 
  all pull factors have to removed but i fear they wake up to this too late . 
  make it clear that no free money will be given . 
  eu has been on a high horse this whole crisis with all their hippy directives like the retarded eu asylum directive is extremely liberal when it comes to asylum seekers . 
  those things are not grounded in reality but in some kind of fantasy world . 
  other thing is that if greece tried to do something real , eu would probably accuse them of breaking some human rights . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation for greece , pretty retarded if you ask me . 
  any kind of fiddling solution like distribution will fail , that 's for sure . 
  it will never be accepted by certain countries , also who wants these young men any more honestly ? 
  any takers ? 
  we will wait some time and the problem will become so enormous and then true action has to be taken . 
  whether this is using military force ( yes human rights and all that but at some point it might be necessary depending on how this develops ) or some kind of australian style solution . 
  the development we are seeing now is more and more are people from countries like morocco and less syrians for example . 
  world has been invited in and they have answered the call , it 's simple as that . 
  i ca n't really blame the people for moving as the opportunity is so great , if you happen to get asylum you get welfare for like and if you fail , you most likely wo n't be deported . 
  it 's no brainer to come . 
  i predict unilateral resignations from the refugee convention sometimes in the future . 
  good luck then lol . 
  we 'll see what happens when you got 10 million migrants ( all 20-40 year old young men of course ) on welfare there . 
  next years are surely going to be interesting . 
  i believe that if this continues for long , some countries are going to unilaterally get out of the whole refugee convention or they just stop abiding by it . 
  there has already been some talk about it in denmark . 
  other thing is the eu asylum directive that is absolutely retarded grade stuff , i do n't even want to get started about it . 
  if the flood gates opened , the rush to the promised land would be huge lol . 
  all aboard the welfare train , choo choo . 
  but seriously why do they think uk is like the best place ever ? 
  i think welfare here might even be higher . 
  basically so far all the eu talk about `` improved border protection '' is not about actually defending the border aka . 
  turning people away or moving them somewhere like australia does . 
  all it means that eu will send more and more boats to pick people up from even as far as the coast of libya , and bring them to europe so greece could register them . 
  so far there is no indication about any proper solution , it 's all just smokes and mirrors but let 's hope that they present some actual plans . 
  now they are dumping them in finland like 20 a day , our government is negotiating about it this week . 
  it 's for sure that they wo n't take these ones back either . 
  if the negotiations do n't work , i hope our government is ready to apply stricter measures . 
  the whole treaty is retarded and not fit for today 's situation , it should be renegotiated or disbanded . 
  yes , they should be imprisoned so they might suddenly start to want to leave after all . 
  this is actually what many countries , even first world countries like japan do i believe . 
  but the problem is that this requires political will and using force which politicians around the eu ( except in few countries ) seem to be afraid to do . 
  these sound good , the thing that is eating away the credibility is that the asylum seekers who have been denied asylum can never be sent back most of the time and they know this . 
  the whole asylum system needs to be revamped in my opinion . 
  well what would you do if 10 million arrived in greece which has a population of 10 million ? 
  no one is going to take the distributed migrants anymore after all that has happened , no country will take them , trust me . 
  current situation is more and more an invasion disguised in a form of `` refugee '' wave . 
  maybe at start it was genuine as it consisted mostly of syrians but now it is n't anymore . 
  i would even dare to say that most are seeking welfare benefits . 
  this summer the border to greece is going close and then we 'll have some interesting times when greece is forced to take action and guard their border . 
  will they decide to start shooting or will they drag the boats somewhere ?
