  i would n't be this angry with yle if i did n't have to pay for that trash but socialism is such a good system is n't it . 
  exactly and the state media has been broadcasting and fear mongering about the patrols for like a week soon even though no reports of violence have been received . 
  love our far left media that we are forced to pay for , it 's so unbelievably retarded . 
  the agenda is so obvious that it 's not even fun anymore , also they give disproportionate attention to different far left/communist professors from different universities , somehow they are always the ones that are chosen to comment on different things . 
  yes , must be nice doing that and living the life of welfare . 
  but these are one of those things that last for 2 days and then the fun runs out and they wo n't be seen anymore . 
  well i guess we should resign to our fates then in front of this unstoppable natural phenomenon . 
  indeed , at some point the madness needs to be stopped and it 's only a question of when . 
  to be fair , i do n't think they can do it anymore this summer . 
  everyone with half a brain could see that the idea is never going to work . 
  besides who even wants these young single males anymore ? 
  it 's going to be an interesting spring and summer for sure . 
  i am fine with abolishing schengen , do n't really care if i have to show the passport and/or visa at the border of countries . 
  i do n't think there will be unified response as the views are totally different within eu . 
  well the state media has been broadcasting about these patrols for like 5 days now , demanding that all parties condemn them etc. 
  the thing is that they ca n't really do anything to these or are they going to ban groups of people walking on the streets ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's just all talk . 
  as i said in other post , i think that this year we will start to see more and more countries making their own solutions because eu does n't seem to even want to stop the migration wave but to keep redistributing them , eu is totally clueless and will soon be out of the picture completely . 
  what would greece do though if it was n't in eu and the refugees would n't be allowed to move forward ? 
  would it let itself be swallowed by the refugee wave ? 
  i do n't think so , they would n't let themselves be destroyed by migration . 
  this summer we are going to see more and more member states starting to make their own solutions . 
  germany thinks that poles voted `` wrong '' so they must be put in check . 
  what 's the worst thing that can happen anyway ? 
  eu takes away the council voting rights ? 
  who cares ? 
  it just goes to show what kind of a joke and a paper tiger whole eu is . 
  do n't worry , poland will make it but i would n't be so sure about eu : s future in the long term . 
  i wish we would have this kind of dialog here , but not one of our politicians has any balls to question the treaties and actually have some debate about them . 
  starting to get a bit hopeless . 
  yes uk takes like 20k refugees in a 5 year period , come on . 
  the refugee convention does n't really matter for them because as you said , it 's very hard to get to uk illegally . 
  i think at some point it 's time to abandon the geneva convention , at least in it 's current form . 
  is n't the whole geneva convention irrelevant now as it was done in like 1950s in a very different circumstances . 
  i bet that if this thing keeps going on for long , some country will leave the convention . 
  denmark 's prime minister already said that we might need to have a debate on the whole geneva convention . 
  as of now it has a become a path for illegal immigration , deportation in large numbers is basically impossible so they are going to stay . 
  i wonder that does de klerk ever regret what he did to south africa , like give it away to people who had never shown any ability to govern nor really had the education to make those decisions . 
  i read an article few weeks ago where the zulu king was saying how bad the current regime is and said that the apartheid regime was far better . 
  that 's like from the horse 's mouth when it came from the zulu king himself . 
  at least in taiwan they waited some years before instituting democracy so the people had the education to make the decisions . 
  well , ca n't turn the clock back . 
  i wonder if sa ends like zimbabwe though . 
  even merkel admitted that it should be seen as 100 % humanitarian effort and all economical benefits that might come out of it all are plus . 
  this type of immigration is n't really solution to any work force problems unless you need a huge load of cheap labor but then you would have to drop the social security . 
  the refugee crisis , it ca n't go on like that for ever . 
  the migrant flow has to be stopped sooner or later . 
  eastern europe should hold firm against this madness . 
  it ca n't keep going on like this , i mean 1 million refugees in germany , that 's about 1/80 of population . 
  think about it for a while , 1 million next year makes 2/80 , 2 years on from that it would be 1/20 . 
  no country can endure that in long term . 
  like some professors said , it should be seen as purely humanitarian not as a solution to get working people so we can assume that all of them will just drain resources . 
  it 's certainly interesting to see what happens next spring as even our government released their refugee program paper and it said something like `` in the case that dublin system is not working next spring , finnish government prepares for exceptional national solutions to ensure the same effect '' i think even here the politicians are realizing , although painfully slowly , that it 's not sustainable at this pace . 
  will also fun to see if merkel has to eat her words at some point when she said that `` germany will never close it 's borders '' , will it truly never do that ? 
  even if 20 million refugees came and more would just keep coming ? 
  i hope our government wo n't accept it as it is , it would be ultra retarded . 
  gun crime is extremely small here and i do n't see us needing any extra laws . 
  at least israel operates based on facts instead of feels . 
  they already have pretty tough internal problems and taking muslim refugees would be lunatic in my opinion . 
  i kind of admire israel , it 's a very successful country despite all the problems . 
  how does israel handle the syrian refugees , like do they just fast track the application and deny it or turn them away without even taking the applications ? 
  tallinn is looking pretty good . 
  maybe i should pay a visit there , last time was like 8 years ago and i live in finland . 
  first stop coming up with the retarded ideas like redistribution when the gates are wide open and people are flooding , who the heck wants to redistribute ? 
  things like that are totally useless . 
  commission should probably aim their efforts to getting the migration crisis in control instead of fiddling with this crap . 
  well a few months on and schengen will be dead both in practice and on paper . 
  what do you gain by censoring that in facebook ? 
  if people ca n't vent their frustration there , what will happen then ? 
  i think they will take it to streets or to other places in the internet and then you are in a situation where you have to start disabling comments everywhere . 
  indeed , they do n't have the magic wall called welfare . 
  in my opinion welfare is too high in finland and it makes one passive , this applies to finns and even more on the asylum seekers . 
  once you discover that you get free money every month , why work ? 
  what 's on the list today ? 
  additional 200k quota ? 
  seriously these meetings seem to totally useless . 
  yes , it 's super hard . 
  then there 's also the issue that the countries might not accept their own citizens which is against international laws but those do n't matter when it 's not us who is breaking them . 
  so yes , it 's super hard especially in the case of these countries where they are coming from . 
  so all the talk about speeding up deportations is pretty much air until the borders are closed . 
  getting rid of them might be harder than it sounds really , that 's why i 'd prefer we did n't take them in the first place and fast track their application at the border instead . 
  can they actually challenge the government and vote for it ? 
  like vote for the trust to the government like we do in finland ? 
  if over 50 % vote no , then it means that the government falls ? 
  does this mean anything in reality though ? 
  if the government does n't implement these , what does it matter ? 
  can they actually do something, 
  sweden will pay for their own bad policies now , they basically called them and they came . 
  also it 's looking like the whole relocation scheme is a total farce and it wo n't work . 
  those unemployment numbers are quite similar here in finland when it comes to those groups . 
  let 's wait for a few more months and we 'll be seeing many more fences unless the situation is taken in control somehow . 
  maybe they got some nuclear scientists and engineers from the refugee wave so now they can operate the fusion generator !, 
  i would laugh if that was n't true to a large extent . 
  well i was referring to [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/612393/migrant-crisis-hungarian-pm-viktor-orban-greece-close-border ) in that conference orban suggested to defend the border and said that if it 's not done , hungary will go on and close the croatia-hungary border which then happened because no conclusion was reached . 
  if the situation is n't getting resolved in the coming months , we are going to have more fences and then greece should very carefully consider on which side of the fence they want to be . 
  well to be honest greece did n't agree to let eu to help their boats guarding the sea border either so . 
  i think merkel even offered them financial assistance to the migrant crisis , not sure if they accepted it in the end though . 
  eu has been a total joke for the last few months .
