  yes , they used the word `` salary '' . 
  because it 's the truth . 
  also some high level americans were lecturing people in poland yesterday when they had some nato thing . 
  they were telling how it 's important that eu takes refugees etc etc , but why did you go and destroy these countries like iraq and libya in the first place ? 
  americans are in no place to criticize eu for not taking refugees , that 's a one big joke . 
  the amounts we have taken compared to them is huge . 
  eu honestly needs to wake the fuck up with the whole refugee mess or eu is pretty much over in the long term . 
  it 's not sustainable and a lot of it is welfare tourism ( we should remove the pull factors too ) plain and simple . 
  you can check the finnish social security agency 's website in 10 languages and determine what kind of free money there is for offer and from where . 
  this welfare system and pull factor angle is something that is very in-often discussed and needs to be brought up more . 
  are there really jobs for developers in hungary that you can do if you only speak english or do you also have to know hungarian ? 
  i think i would like hungary but i 've thought it 's hard to get a job without knowing the local language . 
  how much does a good apartment cost in budapest btw ? 
  like if i straight up bought one in a good area ? 
  this article : lol who the hell writes this borderline satire ? 
  i 've been studying cs for 3 years at uni now . 
  looks like i am out of job as we have so skillful people coming in and we can educate them fast !, 
  i honestly do n't want to stay in this country long term and pay huge taxes for these people as they live on welfare for tens and tens of years . 
  by the way , the companies like that in the article are basically trying to get government money for these `` integration programs '' , that 's why they do what they do . 
  yeah , something like that sounds good . 
  but something has to be done to discourage to cross the sea , it ca n't be that when you reach europe , you get access to welfare and other benefits . 
  it kind of is because once they get placed in a country , they will get access to it 's social benefits . 
  also the plan was out of touch with reality , it would just increase the pull factors in eu and make the crisis full time . 
  did you see the new asylum system proposal the commission came up with ? 
  it was full of lunacy , so out of touch with reality that it will never pass . 
  it kind of gives away in what kind of bubble the people who made it are living in . 
  250k fine if you do n't want to take people to live on welfare for the rest of their life in your country ? 
  if they had any power , we would be doing some totally retarded redistribution plan that would be doomed to fail . 
  thank god they do n't have any power . 
  well the current situation is an endless wave of people arriving to europe to live in the welfare states for decades on various social benefits . 
  something has to be done which is n't endless redistribution . 
  i honestly think this will be the solution that we will end up with in the long term . 
  now eu is trying to play with some redistribution which ca n't work if people are continuously flowing in , some attracted by the massive social benefits in the wealthy eu countries . 
  i read that our welfare is like 7x better than the salary in some african countries , so i kind of get why welfare tourism is so popular . 
  how does the postal voting even work there , like how so they confirm the vote is legit etc and how can they be observed like real votes made in booths ? 
  payer can be found by looking in the mirror . 
  really fun to put money into so useful things like this . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  eu seems to be in total panic . 
  why do n't they want to take these young men to live on welfare for the rest of their lives ? 
  oh gosh , why ? 
  better not have any wrong opinions guys . 
  remember , migrants are good and they will boost our economy . 
  btw why eu has to push this crap seriously ? 
  the term eussr seems more and more relevant every day . 
  instead of socialism we have multiculturalism and human rights taken to such extremes that we ca n't do anything . 
  sea taxi service in action . 
  it 's fun you never really hear these countries bashed in media except some rare news . 
  if eu had same type of immigration policy , it would be relentlessly massacred in the media for months and months . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  so basically it 's impossible to put in force as eastern eu countries will veto those retarded things . 
  thank god . 
  eu is built so that the yes-men get in charge , it 's a totally undemocratic system . 
  at least in china the communist party tries to pretend to be for the people but the eu just spits on your face . 
  the whole migrant crisis narrative on the media is built on lies . 
  at least it 's breaking down a bit by bit and people are seeing what is really is . 
  i mean they do n't want to stay in greece and italy because in northern europe they get nice welfare benefits . 
  indeed and in italy and greece they wo n't get near the welfare benefits that they get in many western european countries . 
  problem is that the commission is totally out of touch with reality as is shown with the new asylum proposal that obviously wo n't be accepted by eastern europe ever . 
  a lot of in the migrant crisis has to do with what kind of message you send to them . 
  now the greek border is closed and it 's no longer guaranteed free ride to western europe to live on welfare . 
  refugees welcome . 
  we also have the ultra generous welfare system that acts as a magnet that pulls them . 
  free living for the rest of their lives basically . 
  this is something that rarely gets mentioned and when someone suggests that maybe we should look into these laws , it 's blasted as anti-human rights and against the world order . 
  so basically they think it 's a human right to get the sweet european welfare . 
  the madness will end when the money simply ends . 
  it will stop there . 
  well the elections will tell , they also have the option of choosing the other candidate if they do n't like hofer . 
  what happens in monday are normal elections but eu is scared that people might vote `` wrong '', 
  indeed . 
  i think there are two options , either they wo n't report it almost at all , barely mention it somewhere or they will be really shocked and invite some social democrats to criticize those evil nazis . 
  media in this country is a joke . 
  i really hope he wins because the socialist media in finland will totally shit themselves and it will be fun to watch . 
  they are too broken to do anything that sort . 
  basically they will be allowed to roam free in schengen area , not that it 's any different here in finland . 
  i think our politicians have even less spine than germans . 
  juncker said he hopes the green wins , oh gosh would have never thought that he hopes that . 
  seriously though , why does he do that ? 
  those kinds of comments usually tend to backfire . 
  personally i could take the 0.1 % real refugees here which is like 5.5 k. 
  currently most are welfare shoppers who have traveled through 10 safe countries . 
  does anyone else think dimitris avramopoulos is totally retarded ? 
  i mean every time that guy opens his mouth , shit comes out . 
  now he 's saying that we need to increase resettlements from lebanon and jordan to combat the smugglers ' business model . 
  i understand taking the resettlements from turkey as the deal says , but if you 'll move even like 20k migrants from lebanon and jordan , it will have no effect on the illegal immigration because the welfare gates are still open . 
  that guy is so deluded that i ca n't understand how he is the migration commissar , but it 's the eu we are talking about after all . 
  in other news , bears shit in the forest . 
  who would have guessed . 
  yeah frenchmen , stop harashing those jews , you too swedes . 
  also i think they still need to provide financial statements to prove that they have the funds to stay . 
  the visa law will also include provisions to make it possible to terminate it quickly if the deal stops working . 
  the deal is n't that bad at all imo , and this coming from someone who is very critical of eu handling of migration generally . 
  trump will shred hillary like a farm combine because bernie has refused to attack her properly . 
  trump attacked the others and is actually sealing the nomination unlike bernie . 
  hillary has millions of votes more than bernie . 
  bernie does n't have a chance , maybe a small one if hillary gets indicted but even then the establishment wo n't probably pick him . 
  bernie does n't even attack hillary properly so no wonder he loses . 
  i think the citizenship law in germany is actually fairly tough when compared to one my country for example . 
  the one in finland is ridiculously easy .
