  can you safely walk at night in the city centers for example ? 
  sometimes on this subreddit you get the image that it 's some kind of hellscape there . 
  of course it is lol, 
  in finland that still nets you some votes because our immigration problems are comparatively very small still and not many people have experience with them , especially outside of major cities . 
  but it will come . 
  yet at the same time the chinese leaders speak boldly about globalization etc , but have super restricted immigration system ( permanent residency borderline impossible ) and foreign buyouts of companies are extremely hard . 
  they want others to allow them to acquire companies but do n't allow other to do it to them . 
  i remember them getting angry when australia refused to sell their electric grid to chinese . 
  even the thought of buying the chinese electric grid would be ridiculous there . 
  i kind of agree with italy here , it 's impossible situation . 
  whatever you do , you will surely get blamed . 
  yeah it 's true and also pretty sad lol, 
  but the uk welfare system is still much less generous than the finnish one . 
  i do n't think the issue of 90 % of somalis and iraqis being unemployed is an issue of inflexibility , it 's an issue of no education . 
  the same applies to finns , no educations many times means no job . 
  also if they apply for low level jobs , many times finns get the spot over them because of their language skills . 
  our somalis have had tens of years to get their language skills and even education but nothing has happened , the employment rate stays at 10 % . 
  it 's pretty much hopeless . 
  they recently did the study in sweden where 3 % of the migrants said they were interested in getting a better education . 
  because finland and sweden have very generous social systems , uk 's is way less generous than ours . 
  besides in finland there are n't that many jobs that you can access with low education , so many finns are also unemployed because of this . 
  so the prospects for refugees here are very blight , most likely many will be jobless for decades and possibly radicalize . 
  i do n't see any way out of this really . 
  but if the ratio of people working and people on welfare grows wider ( and based on statistics there is no reason to assume otherwise ) , then something has to give . 
  this is the trend in my country even with quite little immigration . 
  more and more people on welfare and less working , so cuts have to be made even now . 
  things like education and healthcare are on the chopping block and i ca n't see how they would n't be even more in the future . 
  many here seem to think so . 
  we should start dismantling the welfare systems soon then . 
  i can hear the iron boots hitting the ground and the sound of ovens opening . 
  i do n't think the system is going anywhere , only malta and my country ( finland ) have soon fulfilled the quota . 
  shhhhhh . . 
  yeah it seems that cdu is probably the best of those options . 
  yeah it would be a huge magnet if they would have the chance to win `` a lottery '' and be placed in like nordic country or germany ... 
  indeed , hard to see germany doing anything to be fair . 
  also rare in mainland china , hong kong , japan etc. 
  very surprised about japan . 
  i have never felt safer anywhere else . 
  indeed . 
  absolutely nothing, 
  seriously lol . 
  who the hell is going to want to take more if the border is just leaking ? 
  the report pretty much tells that eu has thrown in the towel when it comes to this issue . 
  nothing is going to get done by the eu if you read that report . 
  ngos can still operate but now italy will just get more money . 
  i hope it happens soon because it certainly feels like nothing will get done . 
  my guess is that nothing will come of this lol . 
  it 's probably as effective as all the previous `` actions '' that have been taken . 
  he 'll get a second term . 
  they are probably afraid of the media attention . 
  a bit off topic , how is the immigration policy in ireland now ? 
  i think it 's about the same in finland . 
  the immigrants are already very segregated to certain neighborhoods . 
  but it 's free market really , the city government places them where it is cheapest to do so . 
  it 's true , the numbers are still fairly small but bear in mind that in 2015 like 30k iraqis arrived and that most immigrants are concentrated in the capital city area because their countrymen live there . 
  somalis and iraqis consistently top the crime charts and unemployment charts which is a huge problem . 
  it 's ridiculous to assume that some iraqis would stay in some little town in the middle of nowhere , sooner or later they somehow get to some of the areas in helsinki , mostly the eastern part . 
  thing is that there are still too many areas in finland that are untouched by immigration and people do n't know the consequences if they do n't hit them in the face . 
  germany 's future seems rough but at the moment the economy is doing well , just like in sweden . 
  i wonder what happens when bad times come ? 
  then some wonder how they only speak two words of finnish . 
  gosh , how come . . 
  well regarding the topic of immigration . 
  in hk i do n't feel like there is any group that had ultra bad reputation like the somalis have in finland . 
  i mean some people see indians as a bit shady in hk because many of them try to get you to come to their shops and sell you stuff but it 's nothing like with the somalis here . 
  as far as i know , the indians do n't engage in crime really . 
  the area is still 94 % chinese or something so bear that it mind . 
  also the safety in the city is very good . 
  i never once felt unsafe anywhere , even in the poorer districts at the middle of the night . 
  i believe crime , especially violent crime is very low just like it is in mainland china . 
  small scale crime like pickpockets happen but are easily avoidable . 
  in helsinki i sometimes feel quite unsafe at late , especially if you have small groups of people loitering around . 
  you never know really because there have been cases of beating random people on the street . 
  in hk everything public is usually super clean . 
  for example the metro stations are spotless , no graffiti , no loitering really except sometimes few people around the exits . 
  everything is well lit . 
  compared to finland where i feel like many public spaces are worn out and trashy often . 
  although , there is no beating japan in cleanness , it 's super clean even compared to hk . 
  the hk immigration policy is generally good too . 
  work visa is relatively easy to get assuming you have some skills . 
  being resident for 7 years gets you the permanent residence which allows you access to the public healthcare , public housing and voting . 
  naturalization as chinese citizen is also possible after 7 years when you have pr , but i do n't know westerners who have naturalized there but it 's definitely possible . 
  i think hk takes very few refugees , probably like 10 or something per year i would guess . 
  personally some things i do n't like there are the crowds in certain areas and the extreme humidity and heat . 
  the bureaucracy seemed to work relatively well from my experience and was n't much different to finnish one . 
  salaries are obviously lower than finland but so are the prices . 
  work hours are quite long and jobs for foreigners are concentrated on certain fields mostly . 
  one things i also found weird after coming back to finland is how quietly people spoke while in hk i sometimes felt that everyone was yelling . 
  if the situation in finland gets a lot worse , i could consider moving to hk ( or maybe mainland china too , it 's not that bad in the bigger cities , they feel quite similar to hk , maybe a bit more chaotic ) in the long term but finland still has lots of good things going for it too . 
  but the heat is very bad and i do n't really miss that in hk , it 's not like dry heat in the middle east or southern europe , it 's very very humid , like 95 % . 
  but my time in hk was really valuable as it gave a point of comparison . 
  it 's fun how the article puts praise on sweden for some fast-track integration but i believe that the employment rate gap is the largest between the natives and immigrants in sweden out of any oecd country . 
  in reality the integration has totally failed in sweden , just as it has and will even more in finland . 
  when i read these things i always get the urge to start emigrating but then again many things are still good in my country . 
  but if this continues , the likelihood of emigrating increases . 
  a year i spent in hong kong was really an eye opener in many aspects , but it also made me appreciate some things in finland . 
  but at least the asian countries have relatively fair immigration policies . 
  this is a pretty good point . 
  i feel like in finland for many people there is really no need to even integrate . 
  i mean you get translators provided by the government and you get welfare so you can live ( it 's not super luxurious life but you can manage ) .
