  now that route is blocked but some are till coming through sweden weekly , maybe they have been illegally in sweden for some time and are coming now . 
  the flow is still continuing , far weaker than before but still going on . 
  i think our government is on the same page . 
  the non regulated flow has to stop before anything is taken with the quota anymore . 
  we took most with the quota , but as only a few countries were taking them so we stopped taking them too until other countries start to take them ( never ) . 
  i 've read a lot of doomsday scenarios from r/europe about the situation after turkey is granted visa free status , but i am not really sure whether they 're accurate at all . 
  anyone want to chip in and tell what would be the possible consequences of visa liberalization with turkey ? 
  can you actually just book a flight to north korea or take a train if you have a singapore passport ? 
  because normally you need to book a tour group to get the tourist visa . 
  i believe they still need to book a tour to get there but i am not 100 % sure , would be pretty strange if they could just go there . 
  why would one go to germany rather than australia or new zealand for example as those countries have same type of system . 
  in addition they have better weather , speak english , have sensible immigration policy in general ( have n't invited the whole world in ) and will probably be safer than germany because of controlled migration . 
  after what has happened , germany is one of last places i would go to , even mainland china sounds better . 
  just point all trains straight to germany from greece lol and we 'll see when they break . 
  glad i do n't live in germany honestly . 
  the political landscape is quite sick in this country , but it 's so bad in germany , like holy crap . 
  i do n't think it will ever be suspended de jure , but it will become de facto dead as it is in most countries outside europe . 
  technically south korea and japan are also part of it but their acceptance rates are something like 1 % or less . 
  the european interpretation of the convention is extremely liberal with the eu asylum directive . 
  eu needs to amend or remove the asylum directive , it gives way too much leeway to the migrants . 
  the convention gives possibility to reject people if they have the chance to escape within their own country which almost all iraqis and afghans have , not syrians though i think . 
  austria 's faymann compared greece to a travel agency on some newspaper today , saying that they only took like 11k applications and pushed other forward . 
  he seemed quite angry in that interview . 
  greece is between a rock and hard place , everything you do is bad . 
  very shitty situation , makes euro crisis look like a joke compared to this . 
  eu wasted so much political capital on that retarded 160k distribution plan so they ca n't do anything else without admitting that they were dead wrong and they would lose face . 
  i think eu also criticized australia for the pacific solution some time so they would also look like hypocrites . 
  they have basically talked themselves in to a corner . 
  for greece at the moment it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  if they let them come like now , they will be overwhelmed and if they start to use force , eu + various human rights organizations will condemn them and it will blasted everywhere in media . 
  if it goes long enough , i think they wo n't care what others say anymore if the order needs to be restored . 
  the bear that tries to split the atom is really cool . 
  i remember seeing it somewhere before . 
  is the city actually still active , like do they enrich weapon grade plutonium there still like in soviet era ? 
  i kind of regret not learning russian instead of chinese but it was a tough choice honestly , both countries + the former soviet republics like kazakhstan are very interesting . 
  well , maybe in the future . 
  you surely stabilized libya some years ago . 
  look at it , it 's so stable . 
  the refugees from libya should be sent to france right away as they were the once who were advocating for the nato bombings etc. 
  of course a lot of european countries cheered in the background but france was a main player in that thing and us was also pressured in it . 
  i was suggesting this before too . 
  just transport every single one to germany and watch when the tone starts to change . 
  if they want the enrichment , they can have it and not force others to take them . 
  it takes 6 months for eu to come up with anything . 
  the whole union is a joke . 
  the best they could come up in september was the redistribution plan of 160k people , even an idiot could see that it was n't going to work at all . 
  austria has realized the realities that eu wo n't be able to do anything , it 's a total paper tiger and everyone but germany and few others know it . 
  other way is to just ship every refugee from greece directly to germany and see when they break . 
  lol . 
  it 's kind of ironic that eu has been pestering other countries with human rights for a very long time and now it itself faces a dilemma of huge magnitude . 
  they have basically talked themselves in a corner . 
  it will be impossible to solve this without breaking some agreement to be honest . 
  it 's all about what kind of message we send . 
  now the message has been that everyone is welcome to get a nice welfare + the lies from smugglers etc. 
  if we loudly tell that they are n't welcome and will face being put in a camp , it will reduce the numbers drastically but it of course it wo n't remove all . 
  not going to happen . 
  best you get is a few countries that are going to take some refugees voluntarily . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation , every solution is essentially bad . 
  they are scared that people might vote wrong . 
  hollande also said in some interview today that if far right party comes into power in some eu member state , that state can be temporarily suspended from eu . 
  i have no idea where he pulled this from though . 
  but anyways , gosh , be careful not to vote wrong !, 
  to be honest , i think we 'll be in the same situation as sweden in like 10 years . 
  the integration wo n't work , it 's total crap but that 's what they keep breaching here . 
  it 's not looking good at all . 
  the government has n't managed to pass one new law regarding the asylum situation while other nordic countries have tightened policies a lot . 
  if the flow starts from the russian border , we 'll be in very deep trouble i tell you . 
  eu wo n't help us , that 's for sure . 
  i have totally lost hope for this government , absolute nothing has been done to prevent further escalation . 
  everything they do is totally reactive . 
  we have currently the most lax asylum policy of all nordic countries , even sweden has tightened theirs . 
  yes , we could do the same but lack the political will until the situation gets bad enough , that 's how it goes around here . 
  well , usually everything that happens there happens here with some delay . 
  to sweden : thanks for funneling 30k young iraqi men to us !, 
  the swedish asylum policy will most likely take complete 180 degree turn when the elections come . 
  it will probably toughen up substantially . 
  there is no such thing as refusing entry at border for asylum seekers in our law . 
  it would be easy to amend there but i do n't know why they have n't been able to do that in like 4 months , do n't ask me . 
  i thought the last government we has was the worst but this one trumps even that . 
  the fun thing is that the one we have now is one of the best possible options . 
  i do n't know anymore , have to get the hell out of here lol . 
  i do n't know what the hell is going on with true finns to be honest . 
  they have been absolutely quiet if you do n't account for a few random party members giving some statements . 
  i mean they give these statements but nothing ever happens even though they are in government . 
  they also choose really bad minister spots when the government was formed , it 's absolutely retarded . 
  if russia would be really evil , they would open up the flood gates and the amount of people that would rush for nice welfare here would be enormous , the whole thing would come down as a result . 
  can someone tell why they are so smart and we are so stupid ? 
  honestly . 
  this week our interior minister was babbling something like every application needs to be checked regarding to the migrants coming from russia and we ca n't turn them back at the border . 
  but you actually can do that according to the eu asylum directive , but the problem is that these stooges have n't implemented the possibility in our national law . 
  eu asylum directive gives full possibility to turn people away at the border if certain prerequisites are met . 
  thank god i am very likely moving to denmark next year , at least their government has some sanity left . 
  when did this country fall so low ? 
  we 're the last nordic country with huge pull factors soon as these idiots have n't managed to pass a single new law regarding the situation , and the family reunification law that they are about to pass is watered down too . 
  meaningless concessions and nothing of value . 
  hope uk leavers and the whole house of cards ( eu ) comes down . 
  good that we have the migration crisis going , maybe eu could offer you some nuclear engineers and doctors now that they are coming in drowes . 
  some countries do n't want to take and most of the people want only to certain few countries . 
  luxembourg took 50 recently and they said it was extremely hard to find 50 people who would like to relocate there . 
  the whole plan was basically dead on arrival .
