  either way , the entry of the migrants will be denied one way or another . 
  what you usually fail to see is the cumulative effect of different actions , you do n't have to shoot many or drag many boats because after they know that no entry is granted , most will stop coming . 
  also when entry to the welfare land ( northern and central europe ) is restricted , they wo n't bother going to greece , why would they when it 's safe in turkey ? 
  eu ca n't and will not be the social security office of the world , you know this very well . 
  and yes , failed state is indeed a state that totally loses control of it 's borders and in the end it 's territory . 
  also you can go break some places and throw some rockets with your antifa friends  this summer is going to be a turning point in europe . 
  empty words that will mean nothing in the end , it 's the same eu jargon that they have been telling for 4 months soon . 
  eu is not going to solve this crisis , more likely it will even make it worse with all the redistribution plans that will draw more people in . 
  it gets solved when nations start to take own action as some have already . 
  indeed , it 's a very strange situation bordering on some kind of mental dysfunction . 
  they might as well disband the whole navy , seems to be useless as you said . 
  i 've also wondered what 's the point of any kind of border control if everyone can get in by saying `` asylum '' , at least according to our politicians , all applications need to be checked . 
  so what 's the point of the border guards or even the whole border if everyone can request asylum . 
  the situation is this , at least with the current ultra liberal interpretation of the geneva convention and the eu asylum directive ( why the fuck was this even needed ? 
  one reason that makes me hate eu even more is this retarded directive given by some political hacks in brussels ) it 's a myth that the border ca n't be protected , put the gun boats there if needed or else you will be buried under the migrant wave . 
  this whole thing is madness , when will it end ? 
  it seems we have discovered the best war strategy ever . 
  fill the country with boatloads of 3rd world people . 
  wow even hitler 's blitzkrieg would be 2nd to this tactic . 
  nothing can be done as is said by the greeks and people in eu , so obviously the only logical conclusion one can draw from this is that the flow keeps coming until greece is swamped under it . 
  genius !, 
  but seriously , at some point you have to start making tough decisions . 
  when 10 mil people have transited , maybe firing at the boats will not be such a bad option anymore . 
  maybe eu and un will cry but who cares about them anymore , they have made themselves irrelevant . 
  in the end , a state that is n't able to protect it 's borders is a failed state that will stop existing after some time passes . 
  currently the elephant in the room is the refugee convention and ultra liberal interpretation of it with the eu asylum directive ( thanks eu !!!! ), 
  eu has just made the whole thing worse with all the crap like the 160k quote that reeked of idiocy and also antagonizing hungary when they started protecting their part of the border . 
  idiots and hypocrites at the eu , every one of them . 
  the distribution centers are never going to work nor is any permanent distribution , people are slowly but surely realizing this . 
  well at some point they are going to have to do something , no country is going to let itself be buried under the migrant wave . 
  usually when talking about the migrant situation , i straight up assume that no one will be returned . 
  the control starts at the border and returning is after that . 
  i think our ministers are negotiating with russia this coming week about the border too . 
  i was referring more to the illegal immigration with the asylum seekers but yes there might be a problem with that type of immigration where they come to `` college '' and disappear , as far as i am aware , we have some here too but it 's certainly bigger there . 
  eu and uk need to leave the refugee convention + eu needs to establish proper border control instead of bring people from the coast of libya to mainland eu . 
  i do n't think uk leaving eu affects the migrant situation in any way but it 's up to them , i do n't really care either way . 
  eu needs to get it 's act together or soon it 's not only uk who is voting to leave . 
  if this keeps going for long enough we can start guessing who turns of the lights in the end lol . 
  it 's already more or less closed , it 's extremely hard to get there illegally . 
  besides it 's not like uk has done anything revolutionary like remove itself from the geneva convention . 
  current situation is that if the migrants reach uk , their asylum applications have to be processed and they may or may not be granted asylum as was shown in the case of people getting through the tunnel . 
  their applications were processed . 
  the thing that uk and eu countries need to do is leave the geneva convention so they no longer have responsibility to examine any asylum applications . 
  i have n't even heard david cameron talking about that but i do n't think he has the balls for that , or maybe he has , who knows . 
  i thought draghi was pretty smart guy but he seems to sing the same song as pretty much all the eu leaders and not understand the gravity of the situation at all . 
  we 've had these too , it 's no wonder that some leave because they do n't get what has been promised to them by smugglers . 
  we have even had cases of asylum seekers asking `` when do we get our houses ? '', 
  when they have arrived here lol, 
  i think my country will be the one to turn off the lights in eu in the end lol . 
  the answer is probably simpler , it 's just that mostly the people at eu are totally oblivious to the problems these refugees cause in society and they ca n't see the larger context . 
  if you have listened to juncker 's speeches about this , you can notice that he does n't have any idea what is going on , at eu many think that it 's solved by distributing people around eu and the wave would somehow stop . 
  the 160 000 distribution plan was retarded and basically showed the eu 's level of understanding . 
  at least my country the politicians ' tones have gotten a lot stricter and also in many other eu countries . 
  this spring or summer borders are going to get closed despite what different treaties say , i would bet . 
  the government is shit but at least there are some small signs that they are starting to realize the magnitude of the whole situation . 
  i hope finland does n't back it either as it 's written in our government program that any burden sharing has to be on a voluntary basis , but i fear that they make up something and vote yes . 
  edit : our interior minister said that anything like that will not be considered before the border control works in eu . 
  the whole 160 000 plan reeked of madness and complete failure to understand the situation at hand . 
  apparently the same is continuing now , no proper solutions , just moving them which will not work as it did n't work before . 
  a lot of the eu leaders are looking the situation from a ivory tower . 
  i am not sure about portugal but at least sweden , finland and luxembourg took some . 
  the point was that it was only few countries taking any so we stopped the thing as others did too . 
  i heard that estonia sent some people to italy to look for families etc but there basically was n't any so they did n't take any , it was all young men . 
  other thing is that some of refugees being relocated from italy and greece have refused to go to certain countries so they have n't been able to move them . 
  it 's not like the quotas are working anyway . 
  who the hell wants to take those young men anymore after all that happened ? 
  like 300 out of that 160k was moved lol . 
  my country took like ~ 100 but said that we are n't taking anymore because no one else is . 
  in the end eu can make what they want but no one will care about those quotas . 
  i believe italian government had some deal with libya before it went into war ( thanks usa ) . 
  the migrants were hailed back to libya by the patrol boats as it says in that article . 
  now that the country is in war , it 's pretty much impossible to do that . 
  the flow needs to be stopped in the end , that 's the only solution in addition to cutting the benefits so low it 's not worth coming . 
  if they could n't go anywhere from greece , would they still keep coming if they knew this ? 
  what future would they have in greece ? 
  i was thinking the same about the brexit when i read the article , eu seems to be begging for it with all this as if the situation was n't bad enough already . 
  what comes to the solution , it 's not taking in unlimited amounts of people and distributing them , especially not these young men without any papers . 
  there is no political will for any burden sharing and there was n't much before cologne even . 
  the routes need to be blocked and it will be done in the end , it 's only a question of how long that takes . 
  i believe denmark 's prime minister hinted at abolishing the refugee convention in some interview but we 'll see what happens . 
  i can say it right now , these kinds of `` solutions '' are nothing more than thumb fiddling . 
  who wants to take these young men anymore after all that has happened ? 
  hopefully this plan will be voted down and eu gets laughed at . 
  in the article she still speaks about distributing these refugees but i do n't see many countries wanting to take them after all that has happened . 
  very hard to see this working out . 
  eu has to start systematically cutting aid from countries that refuse their own nationals . 
  i mean why are we giving them millions in aid and then they refuse to co-operate ? 
  how have we become this weak that 3rd world countries are playing with us ? 
  seems like really fair treaties if they are true . 
  besides who are we even kidding here , they wo n't get deported anyway . 
  i was mainly referring to the leftist agitators , i do n't have a problem with the street patrols really but i wish eu and countries would come to their senses about the open door policy . 
  they should introduce these to the swedish politicians . 
  yle is extremely left wing , or at least majority of the people who publish there are . 
  they also very often seem to find these `` experts '' to comment on everything and they somehow happen to be ultra left wing . 
  good example is martin scheinin who yle has used as an `` expert '' on various occasions , most recently on the swedish border control things , and he called them against human rights or some crap like that . 
  surprisingly martin scheinin was a member of finnish communist party and also member of it 's central committee . 
  you rarely see any far right person on yle commenting . 
  also on one day yle pushed out something like 36 + non critical pieces of news out about refugees . 
  so it is n't very far fetched to say that yle is biased as hell . 
  now they are surprised that people have started to read alternative media sites .
