if they try to force it like that , the whole thing will be a mess and eastern europe will just not abide by it . 
  it can have huge consequences for eu . 
  then these guys wonder , hmmm why is the right wing winning ? 
  yeah , i wonder . 
  btw , when is the election there ? 
  they squeak out something occasionally but many think that they did n't oppose the refugee flow enough last september so their following dropped . 
  i think it needs unanimous approval to pass so i would n't worry too much . 
  bottom line is that the proposal is just lunatic , no sane person would come up with something like that after all this . 
  the whole plan reeks of lunacy , i ca n't but wonder how the heck did they come up with this and expect it to pass ? 
  it would basically make the migration from middle east and africa more or less permanent thing . 
  besides it 's not even work based immigration but welfare based . 
  i honestly felt physically bad when i read the document for the first time today but thank god that the v4 is here . 
  it would basically make the migration flow permanent more or less , completely lunatic proposal that makes my skin crawl . 
  what the hell are they thinking in the commission ? 
  this will just break eu even more and brits are also voting for brexit soon . 
  facepalm for the whole thing . 
  indeed , my government is way too shitty to even dare to question eu so the best thing we can do is hope that other countries will take care of it , as bad as it sounds but that 's the situation . 
  indeed , he does n't even need to lift a finger when eu commission is wrecking the whole thing by themselves . 
  slovakian interior minister put it well when he said this proposal `` is not from this world '' i can almost say this proposal wo n't pass , it 's just way too much and not only v4 will oppose it too , but other countries also . 
  do they honestly think that those proposals will be accepted by the majority ? 
  i really hope they wo n't be , some of the stuff there just reeks of lunacy . 
  edit : slovakian interior minister reportedly said that the proposals are `` out of this world '' and poland said that they will never agree to these . 
  i read that the visa free system will have some mechanism to end it relatively quickly if turkey stops complying or something . 
  i also remember reading that huge spike of asylum applicants from a country with visa free access to eu can result in ending the visa free system . 
  they just interviewed the head of the asylum branch of our migration agency and that 's the message he gave . 
  a lot of the times their word is the only thing that is being evaluated , they do n't need any physical proof , of course it would help but it 's not required . 
  so it comes up to who can make up the best story . 
  pretty well said right here . 
  the pack mentality is also super scary when you have these groups of 5-20 people roaming the streets at night . 
  they have started to condition the population to the upcoming ground invasion in syria . 
  when us went to iraq the media kept telling that they have the nukes and how evil they are , and in the end there was nothing . 
  a stupid war in every way and you see some of the republican politicians defending it in the debates which is absolutely disgusting . 
  even trump said the whole thing was farce that should have never happened . 
  did n't blair play a big role in going into iraq for uk 's part ? 
  today iraq is more or less ruined thanks to the one of the worst decisions in us history . 
  if the west goes to syria , we 'll have another iraq for the next 20-30 years . 
  what a waste . 
  maybe it 's time to stop the forced regime changes in the middle east . 
  is n't the italy-france border already more or less closed , like are n't they returning migrants , who try to cross to france , to italy ? 
  i think this is the case , there was even a documentary about it . 
  technically they could impose visas then but i do n't think it 's something that they would really want to do as it would negatively affect tourism . 
  also if they did it , it would work other way too and visas would be imposed on them . 
  the economy is in ruins and they seem to be keen on taking more welfare tourists . 
  to be honest , i have no idea what the hell they are doing . 
  basically we 're more or less on the road to becoming sweden 2.0 but without the good economy . 
  one would think the bad economy would end the welfare tourist circus but no . 
  i am already planning on getting the hell out of here as it does ' t seem to be getting any better . 
  the treaty does n't say though that `` anyone can go anywhere to do anything '' , they can be denied on the basis of coming from a safe 3rd country or on the basis that safe relocation was possible in the country they escaped from . 
  i think tsipras also stopped putting these people in camps like the old government did . 
  basically that new `` humane '' policy and merkel 's invitation busted the gates wide open . 
  thank god the balcan route is now closed . 
  believe me , i would leave the union if it was up to me . 
  trust me . 
  however , realistically my country would be one of the last ones to turn off the lights . 
  fact is that the burden sharing will never be implemented because most of the countries do n't want them anymore so you would end up with 3 countries willing to take any , it does n't work like that . 
  besides we took more asylum applications than you so i would n't criticize . 
  this country is quite generous when it comes to asylum seekers . 
  everything is provided from housing to life long welfare , it 's like the dream of a welfare tourist . 
  and yes i know finns have mongol ancestors but i am not quite sure how it 's related to this at all . 
  i doubt the fyrom would be in that alone . 
  the whole scenario is just so stupid and it wo n't happen , tsipras is probably one of the most cowardly politicians who ca n't do anything properly . 
  the guy is a commie joke for god 's sake . 
  greece will never do that . 
  more likely option is that the route will shift to some other countries , but they will never deliberately destroy the fence . 
  i am sure it will happen , the commie tsipras will tear down the fence and push them forward . 
  sure , absolutely . 
  you are such a smart guy . 
  greece is in the shitter already , you are too weak to do anything but bus them forward so calm down . 
  our media told me last september that there are many highly trained people there like nuclear engineers and doctors . 
  does n't greece want these geniuses , or are you implying that the media lied ?!?!, 
  how could they do that !? 
  think of those women and children in the news photos even though 80 % men !, 
  gosh . 
  well the law says you have to register them , but that 's why eu is a joke , the laws are always applied selectively . 
  sharing the burden is probably one of the stupidest things as it creates a new pull factor when they know they get to go forward from greece . 
  turkey is gaming you so hard and tsipras just speaks about solidarity and some crap , what a fucking clown . 
  i do n't really care if my country takes like 3k syrians if they are properly vetted and not all young men , but it does n't really solve anything as the whole world is knocking the door now . 
  the balkan route closure is an extremely good thing as they ca n't be waved out like before . 
  you have n't really registered them either to be honest , last time it was because `` the system had some bugs '' the greek government 's stance has consistently been to `` share '' the burden which would mean that the flow would never stop . 
  according to the dublin they have to be registered in greece anyway and according to the refugee convention they can be turned back because they come from safe third country so macedonia and turn them back at the border . 
  only illegal thing here is what greece is doing . 
  do n't worry though . 
  you do n't need to stop them , macedonia and v4 will take care of that . 
  i do n't care what you do with them , build mansions for all of them if you want . 
  the waiving through is now basically stopped as it should be , greece ca n't no longer act as a travel agency and push them forward . 
  greece is getting many nuclear engineers and doctors though . 
  like a few weeks ago some greeks were telling how well they are doing with the migrants and how everything is fine . 
  that was the time when they were just waving them through , apparently it is n't well anymore . 
  if it 's a decent university i do n't see why it would n't be recognized . 
  i am not sure if duolingo has dutch , but you should check if it does as i am on phone atm . 
  maybe you should try picking dutch as a minor or just picking courses from it if possible . 
  i self studied chinese for about a year and then started taking courses and i am doing relatively well . 
  one option is just to buy a dutch course book and work those through by yourself . 
  how you 'd fare on the job market depends a lot on what you study . 
  many countries have lists for needed professionals like for example in denmark it 's easier for a computer scientist to get a residence permit etc. 
  i am not sure whether netherlands has this but you should check them out . 
  you should also consider going for exchange there during your study in the us . 
  i think you 'll be fine , there 's always some way . 
  dutch is n't too hard language for english speaker to learn . 
  we got 32k already , more per capita than germany , they came through sweden .
