  i remember that eu criticized australia for their solution long time ago so if they were to do something similar now , they would seem like hypocrites . 
  many people have talked themselves in to a corner . 
  going to libya was one of the biggest mistakes we ever did , a total disaster . 
  no functioning government now etc , at least iraq has some government but libya is a total failure . 
  if we do n't sort the migrant situation out , eu can seriously fall apart . 
  it 's the biggest threat to eu i think . 
  he just said today in an interview that it was just a suggestion . 
  i just do n't want the warmonger clinton who will wreck the middle-east so bad that we 'll have the refugee crisis x5 next time . 
  i 'd rather see trump honestly . 
  with clinton it 's 100 % chance to fail but with trump there is at least a chance that he 'll manage it well . 
  clinton 's comments on middle-east are pretty scary , supported iraq war and intervention in libya . 
  she is the war candidate . 
  indeed , if there was a centrist candidate who would deal with the mass migration smartly , but no . 
  btw , what do you think will be the result of austrian presidential elections ? 
  indeed , it 's a huge problem but i ca n't see my country changing those systems at least , unless something really major happens . 
  the magnet is going to keep up for now at least . 
  if it had the power though , we would already be in some refugee distribution thing and they would just keep coming and coming . 
  the recent commission proposal on the new asylum system kind of tells how out of touch they are . 
  some polish minister suspected that it might be an april fools joke , so that 's quite telling . 
  in addition to immediate entry , they have a chance to get free living for rest of their lives in certain countries . 
  indeed , which is why i think destabilizing libya was one of the worst decisions . 
  it was largely spearheaded by france btw . 
  sea taxi service seems to be in operation again . 
  here we go . 
  they have a chance to get `` reallocated '' to some wealthy country , i mean our welfare is like 7 times the normal salary in some african countries . 
  of course they are going to try it if they end up in some wealthy country and get to live with government handouts for the rest of their lives . 
  the whole proposal has to be some kind of a sick april fool 's joke that came a bit late . 
  why would they show this crap 2 months before brexit ? 
  the whole thing is disgrace , it would make the welfare based migration more or less permanent . 
  during the last two months , i kind of thought that maybe eu commission came to it 's senses as brexit is looming and what happened with migrants before . 
  i was dead wrong . 
  i actually hope the brexit happens now so some kind of domino effect could follow . 
  yeah sure if they do n't want the mosque to funded with money from foreign countries . 
  most of their view is that it 's okay if the funding is clear which means no funding from radical states like saudi arabia for example as there are so many bad examples from germany for instance . 
  social security has to be cut again in the future anyways most likely independent of who is in the government at that time . 
  they will toe the line and do the cuts like good boys . 
  but they do n't really take the refugees from the camps either unlike many european countries do in addition to the men that just decided to walk in mostly in 2015 . 
  refusing to take own citizens is also against the international law but as we know that only applies to europeans :d, 
  same in finland , i ca n't imagine the outrage it would cause if someone suggested it . 
  even if there were 50 of those truck attacks committed by refused asylum seekers in helsinki , there is no way it would happen ever . 
  what i have said is to vote with your feet . 
  btw , did n't you tighten immigration laws substantially in norway recently ? 
  i have actually thought about working there in future as it 's not in eu ( no forced immigration quota bullshit ) and the nordic treaties are quite good ( citizenship in 2 years for example to nordic citizens ) . 
  what do you think about the immigration situation there now ? 
  what do you think of countries like japan or south korea that handle immigration super strictly but at the same time are democratic and when it comes to freedom of speech , even more free than many european countries ? 
  yep , some of my friends traveled there and reported that it 's fairly normal and people are okay generally . 
  they have indeed solved their problems by dumping them away . 
  it 's laughable indeed but very true in europe . 
  this kind of thing would n't be accepted in most asian countries either but in eu it 's normal . 
  unbelievably stupid . 
  the government has totally lost control of the situation and it will just get worse and worse . 
  if i lived in sweden i would just vote with my feet . 
  well they pretty much turned their back on every promise they made so it 's not a surprise . 
  greens had a big drop last time too and now they are starting to regain their position and do really well . 
  that 's just how politics works . 
  personally i voted for kokoomus ( national coalition party ) because i 'd rather not have the bahrain funded mosque built near my house . 
  the green party will drop too when they get to government next time , this happened before ( they had a huge drop and now regained and did really well ) and will happen again . 
  that 's just how politics works , a party that did super bad last time does really well and the cycle continues . 
  the social democrats probably wo n't do very well in the future as most of their voters are headed for the grave . 
  they can do everything and it 's always fine , same with saudi arabia . 
  totally different standards for them . 
  trump turns out to be as shit as hillary would have probably been , the warhawks got him on leash it seems . 
  also when the new regime comes to power , it 's probably going to be even worse than the assad one . 
  it 's going to be ultra islamist state . 
  jesus christ it 's scary to think of it . 
  this thing is starting to look like iraq 2.0 , in other words a total catastrophe . 
  so many of the `` moderate rebels '' are actually terrorists , was it like 60 % or something around that . 
  it wo n't end well . 
  absolutely , the images that it produced was what tipped the scale i believe . 
  who would have guessed ? 
  i bet the images of people flooding from greece to macedonia etc were already enough to tip the scale . 
  the `` how dare you criticise the eu '' - sentiment has skyrocketed in this sub recently along with accusing russia for everything bad in the world . 
  they hacked the election , they did that , they did this . 
  like seriously , the democrat talking points have really made their way here . 
  the eu leadership is totally out of touch when it comes to this . 
  this mass immigration is probably one of the worst policies that one could do . 
  increased crime , social spending through the roof ( already super high at least in my country ) , segregation , possibility of ethic underclass . 
  it 's so bad and it makes me sad . 
  the eu leadership is incompetent that it 's laughable honestly . 
  i guess it 's just fairly scary when you have many men at night in a group , possibly drunk . 
  also i feel like sometimes in helsinki the lightning is pretty bad in some areas and it makes it a bit scary . 
  in hong kong every area is super light , sometimes even too much , so it does n't feel so scary . 
  also helsinki does n't have that many security guards , in asia , especially in mainland-china they are everywhere which really adds to the feeling of safety . 
  i think it 's more about the feeling of safety than the safety itself , statistically finland is really safe ( although not as safe as japan or hong kong for instance ) and most homicides etc happen when people are drunk . 
  other thing i do n't like are the drunk people during the day in the trams sometimes , they are mostly natives btw . 
  then they start to yell there and you never know if they get violent or not , usually they wo n't but there have been cases when they did . 
  what i noticed last year was that now they added guards to the tram stops which i had n't seen much before . 
  i am not certain about the origins of the iraqi men ( probably refugees ) but i have seen these groups and i personally would be pretty freaked out if my about 15 year old daughter would hang out with group of men who are like two times her age . 
  the whole loitering in groups at the railway station is kind of scary to be honest , especially later at night . 
  in hong kong i have never seen such thing , loitering is banned in the stations and the rules are heavily enforced , it feels ultra safe , it 's almost unbelievable how safe it is . 
  yes the welfare and taxes have been a defining feature but when you combine it with ultra liberal immigration policy ( which is kind of recent thing ) the result can be only be a catastrophe . 
  in sweden the economy is actually good so the system stays afloat but in finland the economy is in the gutter . 
  in denmark and norway they have realised that very liberal immigration policy is not good with high social benefits . 
  sdp will fix the country , no worries . 
  it will happen -- this time -- , do n't worry . 
  the whole country is done for no matter who gets elected , it 's quickly turning into sweden 2.0 ( but with shittier economy ) when it comes to the immigration/integration question . 
  just watching at the main railway station the small gangs of 30 year old iraqi men and there some teenage girls with them , only can shake my head . 
  it 's not just a very good country anymore . 
  high taxes , shitty weather , weak immigration policy and strong welfare combined , some areas of helsinki becoming increasingly only filled with immigrants and thus segregated . 
  pretty much exactly the same pathway as sweden .
