  the pull factor in eu is huge , the benefits are so big compared to many countries . 
  if you get asylum in my country it 's basically free living for the rest of your life . 
  the quota system would just end up being a new pull factor on top of the existing ones like huge welfare benefits in certain european countries . 
  it 's a ridiculous idea and hopefully will never see the light of the day , if such idea would be implemented i would say it 's time to leave the eu . 
  also the closure of borders to greece is a huge factor in stopping the migration , when they ca n't proceed to the high welfare states in the central and northern europe , there is nothing to gain by paying huge amount of money to the smugglers . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  read the article , he was facing deportation to bulgaria . 
  yes but meanwhile the deal is active , we must prepare a system to stop them by ourselves . 
  at least it gives some time and hopefully our leaders do something ( doubt it ), 
  apparently that 's the eu plan . 
  the procedure is just a paper tiger , it means nothing . 
  further actions can vetoed by other countries too . 
  no one cares . 
  the thing that really matters at this point in time is getting the migration under control , eu just ca n't be the welfare office for the whole world . 
  in this aspect orban was totally correct , eu has made terrible things when it comes to migration policy . 
  the turkey deal concept ( one of the good things that they came up ) should be expanded to other countries too and all illegal migration should be stopped . 
  there should be no incentive to come illegally . 
  if this means taking more from refugee camps or something , i do n't care but the mass migration has to be stopped or it will be the end of eu . 
  reminds me when our former prime minister said during the egyptian `` democracy spring '' that soon egypt will become a liberal democracy . 
  instead they got muhammed morsi and the muslim brotherhood . 
  it did n't go like he thought it would , wooops . 
  i guess in his head he automatically connected democracy to the results it has given in western europe . 
  democracy does n't automatically guarantee ultra liberal society and human rights as we see them . 
  later morsi was ousted in a military coup as we all know , maybe it was for the best . 
  knowing eu , it will be basically impossible to get these actually useful people instead of the ones we 've got loads of recently . 
  i think the risk now is though that ergodan purged so many people in such a short time . 
  usually in places like the soviet union or north korea the wide purges happened in a quite long period of time , not in a few days . 
  he might have made many enemies on the way . 
  some of the earliest high ranking officials in north korea were actually soviet citizens who naturalized there . 
  as far as i know the supreme people 's assembly has to approve the request , in other words it has to have the blessing of the leader as the spa is basically a rubber stamping body . 
  `` two of the naturalized dprk citizens who made the most astonishing careers for themselves were yakov petrovich nam ( a.k.a. 
  nam il ) -- the four-star general who signed the armistice in panmunjom and later became the dprk 's minister of foreign affairs , and nikolaj ignat ' evich pan ( aka pang hak se ) -- the founder of the north korean secret police , and the first minister of state security of the dprk '' good read : https://www.nknews.org/2015/05/who-takes-north-korean-citizenship/, 
  i would n't personally live there because of the crime numbers and having to fear about getting robbed etc. 
  i believe that technically i should be able to go out at 4am and walk anywhere i want without much fear , but this is n't the case even here today . 
  i am kind of aiming to move to hong kong or singapore in the future as they have pretty much zero tolerance laws to crime and extremely low crime rate . 
  also the living environment is equal or better than here generally . 
  lost was obviously kind of a hyperbole but the situation there is quite bad . 
  it 's fixable but i think it 's unlikely . 
  well i tend to evaluate by doing a game in my mind where i hypothetically think if i could live in some country and if i think about sa , yes i could live there in a gated community but that 's pretty sad if i would have to resort to that . 
  i could live in all european countries relatively safely , but not in the no-go zones . 
  there 's a blog about south african woman who is living here in finland and she was really surprised that you can go to atm without planning everything from exit routes etc in case you get robbed . 
  it 's also ridiculous to compare sa nonchalantly to other anglo countries , totally different league . 
  both have quite similar histories up to a certain point , but maybe sa is more similar when it comes to the political system ( zimbabwe being a dictatorship basically ) . 
  zimbabwe gained independence in 1965 ( rhodesian unilateral declaration of independence ) and sa in 1961 ( republic of south africa as a result of the referendum ) . 
  so in the end , are they that different ? 
  zimbabwe is already wrecked and sa is in the process of being wrecked currently . 
  situation is progressively getting worse there in terms of crime and etc. 
  in my eyes it 's kind of a lost country . 
  zimbabwe is also english speaking former british colony . 
  i was just wondering why sa was there and not zimbabwe for example . 
  by what criteria was sa chosen then ? 
  it was nothing to do with usa or uk , it 's more similar to zimbabwe probably . 
  would zimbabwe also belong to that group then , was n't it a colony before too ? 
  it 's going down the toilet with great speed . 
  just look at the crime rates and the neighborhoods in which the wealthier people have to live in to avoid getting robbed . 
  those are fortresses with fences etc. 
  it 's in totally different category with the other countries that were mentioned . 
  i can imagine alliance between uk and those in some form but sa just does n't belong there . 
  ... one that unites the u.k. with its `` natural '' partners in the so-called `` anglosphere '' : australia , new zealand , ** south africa ** , canada and the u.s. : dd, 
  the crown was added to the new one . 
  personally i like the design of the socialist coat of arms like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_romania#/media/file:coat_of_arms_of_the_socialist_republic_of_romania.svg ) . 
  i think belarus still has that type of . 
  indeed . 
  i think in turkey one criteria for the police nowadays is being `` a good muslim '' . 
  the country is going down the drain . 
  also the way he arrived at the airport , the security was like 0 at that point . 
  very strange . 
  also the prime minister was giving a speech when the `` coup '' was going on , like what the hell . 
  also in this day and age , should n't cutting off internet be one of the first priorities along with eliminating the leader ? 
  it 's like the hard line communist coup in the soviet union in 1991 when the coup was going on and yeltsin was standing on a tank and giving a speech . 
  facepalm . 
  if the turkish government indeed has supported isis , it 's inexcusable imo . 
  but i am not sure about that , i 've been told here that they have n't etc , so i do n't really know what to think . 
  anyway , it looks like the show is over soon and erdogan will emerge as the leader and the savior of the islamic world !, 
  apparently saudi funded mosque had just started in nice two weeks ago . 
  it 's not really directly related but in my opinion those types of foreign funded mosques should never be accepted . 
  when the kids grow up in households where men of the family spend their days mostly sitting in cafes , people wake up around 2pm , and the money just magically appears from somewhere , that 's what you end up with it . 
  extremely worrying situation . 
  same situation with somalis here in finland . 
  yep , the media has huge influence . 
  if all the public media is mostly just pro refugees stuff even though the reality is very different , the people will believe it . 
  the economic level itself does n't really matter , but the welfare amount will . 
  yeah , i have read about these types of cases before . 
  i understand why the uk wants to leave it . 
  has n't the echr blocked some deportations etc ? 
  that eu is more or less controlled by germany ? 
  i just hope we get rid of this sinking ship soon . 
  the sooner the next countries will leave , the better . 
  uk did what had to be done and good for them . 
  if someone comes up with idea how to achieve that but the current situation is that the employment numbers among these groups are extremely bad all across europe . 
  well if and when their asylum application is accepted they move to standard welfare . 
  i.e government pays housing , free money per month etc. 
  basically living on welfare is more or less the norm in the immigrant groups where most of these asylum seekers belong to . 
  in the long term it 's not sustainable of course and everyone with a brain realizes this . 
  the taxes ca n't keep going up indefinitely so the only solution is to cut the welfare which will probably happen in like 10-20 years , and these cuts will apply to all , finns and refugees alike . 
  well , it 's pretty true . 
  who the hell would want to come to finland as an asylum seeker if it was n't for the generous benefits ? 
  the numbers would be extremely small . 
  so many countries in europe with otherwise better conditions like weather etc. 
  it was interpreted as an invitation in africa and the middle-east .
