  this is easy stuff to look up . 
  so if they had the power to actually do something , that 's what we would end up with . 
  commission was really pushing hard for it at one point . 
  also the operation where italians are working a sea taxi between the coast of libya and europe is an eu operation . 
  it was meant to break up the smuggling rings etc but actually did the opposite and it just attracts more and more to come . 
  a total farse once again . 
  well eu leaders were condemning hungary when they started to build the fence and try to actually do something . 
  but you are right , they have n't really done anything besides spouting out the typical left wing rhetoric . 
  thank god we have countries like hungary or this whole thing would have gotten totally out of hand ( even more so than it did in september ) . 
  eu ca n't be the welfare office for the whole world . 
  indeed , always the same thing here . 
  their assumption that millions would still come if they would end up in a detention center is totally false , who would pay thousands of euros for the trip just to end up in a de facto prison ? 
  it 's always the same song in this subreddit . 
  but you have to be a sea taxi and save them !, 
  as if that was the only option . 
  after that i usually suggest closed detention centers and then someone calls out `` they ca n't hold millions of people you idiot '' , but who the hell would pay thousands of euros to end up in a closed detention center ? 
  there wo n't be millions if the words gets out that it wo n't lead anywhere . 
  many of them sell their stuff to get the money for the sea trip and if the end result would be a detention center , it would n't happen . 
  it 's every time the same conversation here and some people seem to really think that border protection is impossible and eu has to be a global welfare office for everyone . 
  i am honestly getting tired of it . 
  they blatantly exploit the system when italy ferries them in from the libyan coast . 
  it ca n't go on forever . 
  if something threatens the existence of eu , it will be the migrant crisis and not the euro or something else . 
  i fucking hate the talk about the `` european values '' , especially regarding the migrant crisis . 
  what are those values really ? 
  is being a global welfare office possibly one of those values ? 
  at least when you listen to their rhetoric , it seems that it indeed is . 
  i hate the social aspect of eu , i really do . 
  if eu had the power to `` do something '' about the migrant crisis we would be in so deep shit with the migrant burden sharing that would attract millions and millions more to europe . 
  in the end we would find ourselves at the ruins of the welfare state because very few of these people will ever get a proper job . 
  eu has only made the migrant crisis worse with it 's actions . 
  operating a sea taxi and pushing the migrants forward was the modus operandi pretty much . 
  but now the italy-switzerland and italy-france borders are quite heavily guarded and that is no longer possible in the scale it was before . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't really blame the italians as they got fined when tried to deport some people some time ago . 
  it 's a mess . 
  i do n't get it why our leaders are so stupid honestly . 
  finland has basically survived because of luck but it has had mostly as stupid policies as sweden . 
  what a joke the whole thing is . 
  why destroy some of the best countries ( in my opinion ) in the world to this mass migration ? 
  it 's so absurd . 
  reducing pull factors like free money is one thing . 
  the camps do n't have to be concentration camps but just closed camps where the basic needs are guaranteed . 
  also , i guarantee you the camps will be much much cheaper overall when compared to paying these people various benefits for the rest of their lives . 
  the money is n't even comparable . 
  yeah i think many of her positions are too far right for me but i just want someone to seriously look at the immigration and security policies . 
  hopefully the more moderate right picks up these things on their agenda ... 
  i just want to end the immigration madness , honestly that 's almost all i want for now . 
  if le pen forces them to pivot on that issue , she has done her job at least on my mind , assuming of course that they really do something regarding the immigration . 
  as far as i know they can leave their application at the designated checkpoints at hungarian border . 
  the thing is that the applications are assessed pretty much on the spot and most people turned away . 
  what hungary is doing is legal as the applications are received and they are handled by the relevant authorities . 
  also the number of applications they handle per day is capped at 20 at the moment , i think this was confirmed legal too by the european council lawyers . 
  i think eu even fined italy for actually doing something at one point . 
  fucking facepalm to the whole thing . 
  yeah i have thought about that viewpoint too . 
  they could have two possible effects . 
  if many got assigned to countries like bulgaria , romania etc , it could deter people from coming because they would end up in those countries . 
  on the other hand the flow could increase if word got around that you can get assigned to the good countries . 
  it 's hard to judge what would happen . 
  meanwhile in finland we get articles how they are a massive economic opportunity bla bla bla . 
  if the flow increases again and they somehow manage to get to finland , we 'll be caught with pants on the groune again . 
  facepalm . 
  you would be surprised how many come for the dole indeed . 
  free money happens to be quite a pull factor . 
  besides there is no international obligation to offer any free money so cutting the benefits should be done . 
  how many would have honestly crossed through 7 safe countries to finland if it was n't for the higher social benefits ? 
  not many . 
  there are much more favorable countries than finland to come to . 
  quotas are a fucking joke , like holy crap the stupidity that went into proposing them . 
  they would just attract more and more people . 
  if the human rights mean free ticket to europe and free life on welfare , yeah get rid of them . 
  they should have no such rights . 
  we should establish closed detention centers where they are kept safe and if they want to return home voluntarily , it should be possible . 
  i honestly think this is the solution that we will end up in some time , i would almost bet on it . 
  when the thing have gone long enough , the leadership will be forced to consider such solutions . 
  there should be no path to europe that way they are coming . 
  closed detention centers are the key . 
  indeed , all aid should be tied to the repatriation agreements etc. 
  quota system is fucking joke , it will just attract more people when they know there is a chance to get to a country with nice welfare benefits . 
  the flow will be never-ending . 
  it 's a self destructing policy . 
  obviously the thing that should be done is to stop the benefits to all migrants and make it so that it 's not worth to come for the free money , but it 's not feasible because of different laws etc. 
  the whole migration would halt to almost zero after this solution , trust me . 
  but no , no , no . 
  instead eu is thinking about some fucking redistribution quotas that will just pull more and more people in as they hear of the mechanism . 
  total lunacy , no words for that stupidity . 
  why do they have to ruin the best countries ( in my opinion ) in the world , just why ? 
  i 'd prefer if my country did n't get swamped with people who have no business here and will statistically be on welfare for about 20 years . 
  these people will be the end of our societies if we let the situation continue . 
  so if i have to choose between that or my country 's future , i will pick the future of my country . 
  in some years we will probably stand on the ruins of the welfare state and wonder , gosh what happened ? 
  where did all the money go to ? 
  i think the eu fined you or something which was absolutely retarded . 
  my condolences . 
  the whole thing is a joke , they just abuse the system and we take it like a bitch . 
  it will be our doom . 
  system is just being abused hard as hell . 
  there was a good writing about the `` human rights religion '' in europe and how it will destroy the whole system in time . 
  indeed , whole thing is a mess . 
  they operate sea taxi and then be surprised when other countries are reluctant to `` redistribute '' the migrants .
