what makes lewes particularly progressive ? 
  she 's definitely upset about the lack of autonomy the party 's scottish wing has , but no doubt still feels that she can represent the interests of her constituents as a member of parliament . 
  i voted yes in the referendum but i do feel sympathy for johann lamont , she seems like a principled woman who got frustrated at how little control she actually had over the party she led . 
  whether the situation gets better or worse for scottish labour depends on if the new leader has the confidence of the party membership . 
  of the three candidates jim murphy is the most likely to be chosen , although he lacks the backing of the associated unions on account of being on the right wing of the party and also the least likely to recapture the hearts of disappointed former labour voters . 
  instead the unions are behind neil findlay , somebody who is avowedly on the left wing of the party . 
  there 's also sarah boyack , but i do n't know much about her unfortunately apart from her being a `` centrist '' candidate between the two . 
  johann lamont is here to stay for the time being , she 's represented the pollok constituency in glasgow at the scottish parliament since its creation and has n't indicated that she 's going to step down . 
  a wise decision for her and the party , since doing so would trigger a by-election which the snp would almost certainly win - she has a majority of just over 200 . 
  good luck , whatever the outcome !, 
   heaven  british police sure hope you are n't guilty of the heinous crimes of [ holding a table leg while being celtic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_harry_stanley ) or [ vaulting a barrier while being brazilian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_charles_de_menezes ) or else you 're in for a really really bad time in heaven !, 
  it 's a start !, 
  i wish the uk could have double-decker trains ) :, 
  eerily similar to glasgow in both architecture and the creative use of structures, 
  welcome to western liberal democracy !, 
  `` school 'd ye go to ? '', 
  on the other hand , greater glasgow ( which contains [ around a fifth ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_glasgow ) of scotland 's population ) is utterly fucked if the sea levels rise that much . 
  lowland clearances , anyone ? 
  is that before or after mafia deductions ? 
  and 100 % more putin, 
  two monstrous shit-demons slinging turds at each other , perfect, 
  i 'm curious , how much steam have the dup got left in them ? 
  they still seem depressingly popular . 
  in my experience it 's not so much hatred of queen elizabeth herself ( who is for all intents and purposes fairly inoffensive ) but the crown for what it represents historically , which is unambiguously shitty . 
  so they went from a tiny minority to a vanishingly tiny minority over the course of 130 years ? 
  gon na go ahead and say that 's ordinary demographic change, 
  `` republic '', 
  it 's deeply saddening that * they 're * the ones carrying the mantle for english devolution . 
  the biggest irony of all is that pretty much everyone in the uk is an immigrant in some way . 
  my great-grandparents were lithuanian and i have a dutch last name !, 
  the bnp like to scapegoat foreigners , particularly polish/hungarian/romanian people , as the cause of all of britain 's problems . 
   fighting unsustainable housing because we care fucking polish houses, 
  comin ' over ` ere , killin ' are enemies, 
  haha oh god fuck russia, 
  [ this guy 's ] ( https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/t31.0-8/1401774_10153564133620375_1138616769_o.jpg ) t-shirt is something, 
  they 're his bodyguards, 
  shhh !, 
  britain stands for freedom and human rights ... 
  the yugoslav wars make me really sad ) :, 
  yugoslavia was one of the more prosperous and decentralised communist states . 
  the destruction is nothing to do with economics . 
  were n't the yugoslav wars more about ethnic strife than anything economic ? 
  ireland - fairly chill, 
  welcome to 21st century liberal democracy !, 
  your choices are a turd sandwich and a glass of frothy piss !, 
  eat/drink up !, 
  ukip as a political force are [ completely irrelevant ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/referendum-news/ukip-wiped-out-north-of-the-border-after-its-scots-leader-is-sacked.22833054 ) in scotland . 
  it 's at an angle of 72 degrees and increasing, 
  the eu funded a lot of regeneration schemes in scotland after the conservative government gutted our heavy industry and mining !, 
   she has always been queen of them both separately . 
  there have n't been separate english and scottish monarchs since 1707 . 
  republicanism is n't really a proscribed thing in the snp or even the wider independence movement . 
  there 's a significant amount of pro-independence people who favour retaining the monarchy . 
  ^ \\ ( not ^ me , ^ ftq ), 
   the rest of britain has shale gas and we all know how popular that is ... 
   his address was broadcast on all of spain 's main national television stations but not on catalonia 's public television station tv3 . 
  workers at the broadcaster called a half-hour strike timed to coincide with the king 's speech to protest against budget cuts , and it aired re-runs during the speech . 
  perfect, 
  franco lives . 
  let 's make 2014 a year of self determination !, 
  sounds like you believe it 's scotland 's sole responsibility to fix the world 's climate . 
  that 's reasonable . 
  yeah because scotland is an absolute fucking desert of energy sources, 
  i thought lithuania and poland were buddies ) :, 
  ( joke about the perils of far-right austrians getting into government ), 
  so you 'd like to see each and every parade and public event held in a city centre be banned ? 
  or just this one ? 
  it was n't me that brought up culture . 
  it 's also more a question of representation than ideology . 
  the tories got 40 % of the vote in england but barely over 15 % in scotland . 
  that 's quite a divide !, 
  it 's not a question of culture , it 's about having a government that takes into account scotland 's needs . 
  westminster has always been driven by a very london-centric agenda and the rest of the country suffers as a result - not just scotland but northern ireland , wales and the other english regions not in the south-east . 
  the liberal democrats are notionally in favour of federalism which would redress the issue somewhat but have been stunningly silent on the issue throughout the entire independence debate , which is a shame because that 's something that was on the table before westminster had it shelved as part of the deal on the referendum taking place . 
  that ( and many other things ) being the case i 'm pro-independence , especially moreso now with labour hinting at reversing devolution . 
  edit : lol i had no idea self-determination was hated so much here . 
  bravefart, 
  the united kingdom . 
  the eu 's fine by me !, 
  boy i ca n't wait to get out of this union, 
  ha no fuck you, 
   the british state should make it clear it will not support anyone who commits sectarian violence . 
  violence that it was instrumental in creating !, 
  i stand corrected , i thought `` round table '' was in reference to the supposedly upcoming talks arranged by john kerry . 
  i 've been out of the loop news-wise recently . 
  a far better banner image would have the flags of both israel and palestine . 
  the uk already has a common transport area with ireland . 
  it 's not inconceivable that a similar arrangement could be put in place between an independent scotland and the remainder of the country . 
   i do n't want to argue about it here , because it 's useless much like yourself then ? 
  it helps if you 're not a bigoted sack of shite, 
  lol fuck russia, 
  i live in lanarkshire and a few days ago we were reduced a single megabit : <, 
  given the terrible ideals that he and his party espouse i 'd be very happy if they spent each and every waking moment fearing for their safety, 
  because fuck being part of a country where ukip and their policies are considered even remotely acceptable, 
  immediately after the bailout takes place random segments of cypriot roads will start turning to rubble . 
  chaos reigns, 
  the sound of a rusty trolley falling down the stairs for five hours, 
  it 's like a larp gone out of control ) :, 
  just checked out maltese political parties and now i ca n't stop laughing at [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperium_europa ), 
   those letter-forms are meant to be chiselled into stone , and are optimised for that , not for writing with pens and reading .
