  i bet that just burdens the economy so , so hard . 
  they really are the biggest drain . 
  also note that you said that they 're `` vital to the city of london '' - does n't that itself mean that it 's a job worthy of hefty compensation ? 
  you hardly seem particularly well-versed in the intricacies of how london 's transport system work . 
  if you recall correctly ? 
  that really fills me with a shitton of confidence . 
  totally !, 
  i suppose you 're somebody well-read in what 's involved in the operation of trains on one of the world 's busiest rapid transit systems then ? 
  underground drivers get just over # 40k a year which is a relative pittance when you consider that london is one of the most expensive places to live . 
  you know what ? 
  i fully support them . 
  it 's one of the first times workers have truly had the government by the balls , as it should be . 
  the london olympics are going to be such a catastrophe . 
  london 's transport systems - particularly the underground - are at their limits as they are and the sudden influx of hundreds of thousands more people is just going to kill them all . 
  and that 's exactly what i want too !, 
  without new elements being introduced to a culture , it grinds to a standstill and stagnates . 
  except this integration does n't magically happen overnight - it 's a gradual process of amalgamation where , yes , for a period there is a wholly distinct culture existing alongside everybody else . 
  this is exactly how it 's happened before with , for example , catholic irish migrants to scotland . 
  they were persecuted by the protestant majority for being of a different faith , having different ways of doing things ... there 's a lot of parallels between what happened then and what happens now with migrants from islamic nations . 
  nowadays , people of irish descent are by and large quite happily accepted . 
  that 's the logical conclusion of being unwilling to co-exist with people of other cultures , yep . 
  unless you can explain otherwise !, 
  apparently so !, 
  while i 'm no staunch defender of the euro by any means , to say it caused the current crisis is a bit wrong - the entire thing started with the mess in the united states which had a cascade effect on everything else . 
  that being said , it does n't mean that the euro itself is perfect . 
  there is also plenty of room for questions about europe , and it 's a bad thing that the eurosceptic dialogue in britain has been monopolised by the right for their own ends like opposition to human rights legislation and isolationism . 
  i 'm a fervent internationalist and would absolutely love to see a progressive , egalitarian european federation with sensibly devolved powers , but that does n't seem achievable within the current framework . 
  labour continues to identify itself as a democratic socialist party . 
  does n't mean they are !, 
  i see !, 
  that makes much more sense . 
  my understanding of tax law is lax , i apologise . 
  so you 're obtuse to the point of citing dictionary definitions like a total fucking wean . 
  got it !, 
  [ exhibit a ] ( http://www.richardcorbett.org.uk/theres-something-about-ukip.pdf ) . 
  a paper outlining criticisms of ukip whose first point is about racism in the party . 
  it even has citations !, 
  [ exhibit b ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/election_2010/england/8609891.stm ) . 
  a news article about a member of ukip espousing prejudice against muslims , africans , people of caribbean extraction and romany people . 
  [ exhibit c ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/34926661@n06/3239688666/sizes/l/ ) . 
  a bizzare diatribe directed towards muslims by a ukip party member printed in an advertisement . 
  `` assimilation '' is n't something that happens immediately . 
  like i said before , british culture is a composite of hundreds of others which have migrated here over the centuries . 
  i 'm descended from both lithuanian and irish migrants who received much the same treatment that muslims and people of eastern european extraction receive today . 
  hell , i live in [ a town ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coatbridge ) composed primarily of the descendents of irish migrants . 
  are we all going to be told to go back home ? 
  please go hit f5 on somebody else 's user page, 
  he 's popular among those who see europe as an encroaching force on the sovereignty of its constituent nations , but i 've never personally met anybody who is a big fan of him . 
  then again i live in scotland which is overwhelmingly left-wing relative to the rest of the united kingdom , so that might be a factor !, 
  for what it 's worth there are definitely aspects of europe that are n't ideal , in particular how greece has been bullied into accepting this bail-out deal at great cost to itself . 
  however farage and ukip are primarily concerned with less important and more populist aspects , in particular the european convention on human rights and how it explicitly forbids things like discrimination based on gender , race etc. 
  and affords rights of privacy to absolutely everybody , including prisoners . 
  for some reason they see these as bad things . 
  broadly speaking ukip are a right-wing libertarian party who want to sever ties with europe as much as possible while strengthening ties with an increasingly uninterested united states . 
  they fetishise free-market capitalism , militarisation and an imagined notion of how green and verdant the british isles were in the days of the british empire . 
  it 's a very reactionary mindset to an extraordinary set of circumstances . 
  people see economies crumbling and governments falling , and are offered an easy scapegoat in the form of those that are n't like themselves by people like farage ( and golden dawn ! ), 
  while completely ignoring that the real reason all these things are happening is the overwhelmingly bad global economic system . 
  you 're either being daft or obtuse . 
  they might wrap it up in relatively wooly `` oh we just do n't believe in multiculturalism ! '', 
  rhetoric , but it only takes the most cursory of examinations to realise that it 's nothing more than a thinly-veiled disguise for the desire to deport every last person who ca n't trace their lineage back to some purebred anglo-saxon . 
  what exactly are you expecting these migrants to assimilate into , anyway ? 
  some arbitrary notion of britishness that involves the acquisition of union flag bunting and a collection of diana plates ? 
  national identity is something that is subject to constant change , and always has been . 
  this is not a bad thing , it 's how cultures evolve . 
  anything else leads to stagnation . 
  unless there 's swathes of working class folks out there waiting for their rich old dads to die off , then nope !, 
  the thing about inheritance tax is it 's not universal - it only kicks in with obscenely large estates , with the current threshold being # 325,000 . 
  the current maximum tax level is 40 % , leaving the inheritor with just under # 200,000 at the bare minimum . 
  that 's still an enormous amount of money , more than a lot of people will see in their entire lives . 
  e. : as far as justification of the tax itself goes , it 's an enormous lump sum being paid to somebody out of nowhere . 
  it should be subject to taxation much like any other form of income . 
  e. 2 : it turns out i 'm talking complete horseshit . 
  please read [ fenris78 's post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/tauz6/a_day_of_great_shame_for_greece_and_europe_neo/c4l6h0l ) !, 
  sorry but the policy of `` end the active promotion of the doctrine of multiculturalism by local and national government and all publicly funded bodies '' is basically synonymous with being a bunch of racist sacks of shite !, 
  they 're also obsessed with increasing funding for the military ( pointless ) , against gay rights ( abhorrent ) , climate-change skeptics ( idiotic ) and want to abolish inheritance tax ( translation : we 're a bunch of upper-class arseholes ), 
  lol if you do n't believe that ukip are just as xenophobic as the bnp, 
  i just noticed the turd icon for posts linking to the daily mail . 
  that 's inspired . 
  you 're right , it 's an entirely accurate description . 
  i was just splitting hairs really !, 
  that 's okay , i 'm just being pedantic !, 
   * british * accent :(, 
  nmap is literally terrorism, 
  none of these things are unique to islam !, 
  austerity at work !, 
  but libya and tunisia are really struggling it 's such a pity ) :, 
  equality with decent living standards , then . 
  roof over your head , gainful employment if you 're capable and guaranteed access to healthcare and education . 
  i do n't think it 's too much to ask that everybody can have those things !, 
  even if i agreed that people are inherently corrupt , would that make the prospect of sticking with our current system any more appealing ? 
  as it is we 've got a system which actively rewards short-term gain regardless of the potential consequences . 
  the majority of those states were authoritarian in their nature and did n't represent true socialism - they might have shared some attributes , but ultimately they became like capitalist countries with well-off ruling classes and millions of impoverished people . 
  in addition the effect of privatisation of state-run industries is very negative , with the profits gained from operations like mining for natural resources being funnelled into the hands of a tiny few and the less profitable enterprises such as transportation and healthcare becoming insufficient , useless shells of their former selves . 
  the best example of a state-run economy i can think of is [ the former yugoslavia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia#economy ) , which managed to run quite well until the wars in the nineties . 
  `` doing fine '' is a pretty vague metric . 
  these countries might have high gdps but even in the most advanced economies you 'll find widespread inequality . 
  it 's not enough to say that `` it 's okay , people are bound to fall by the wayside '' - given the massive strides we 've made in the past century in terms of technological innovation , is it too much to hope that we should also be capable of creating a more equitable society ? 
  i dunno if you 've noticed but a bunch of countries in north africa had their governments replaced this past year !, 
  an alternative form of government .
