  given that nowadays we 're able to accurately reproduce pretty much whatever we want by hitting ctrl + p i do n't think this is an issue, 
  find-replace `` some '' with `` all '' and you 're onto something, 
  maybe if you had to live under the fuckwit you 'd feel different !, 
  not in scotland !, 
  man austria is mad, 
  the bulk of the privatisation took place during the thatcher government and was more ideological than anything else , but you 're right that britain is guilty of some of the most heinous exploitation and genocide in human history . 
  that being said , i 'm not sure what it has to do with nationalised industries . 
  nationalisation of industry does n't immediately beget totalitarianism - most western countries embarked upon a degree of socialisation of their industries following ww2 . 
  britain in particular had nationalised steelworking , shipbuilding , mining , telecoms , health and railways . 
  countries like poland , ukraine and belarus however unfortunately fell under the ussr 's sphere of influence after the war and became authoritarian puppet states as i 'm sure you well know . 
  what was implemented throughout the ussr and its aligned states was a totalitarian caricature of socialism . 
  there 's nothing inherent in socialism that demands the state should oppress those it serves . 
  better to have food of some kind than to go hungry surely ? 
  that 's what i 'd like , yep !, 
  interestingly enough in your scenario you portray france as being pro-public ownership and the netherlands as being pro-privatisation - in reality the [ french system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_supply_and_sanitation_in_france ) is privatised , and the [ dutch system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_supply_and_sanitation_in_the_netherlands ) explicitly bans private involvement in water delivery !, 
  public ownership of essential services like the water supply , energy supplies , healthcare , telecoms etc. 
  ensures that they 're operated for the public good without the need to make a profit , something which more often than not comes before the provision of a good service . 
  i 'd be surprised if you found anybody vehemently for a market approach to water supply . 
  i live in scotland where we rejected water privatisation [ by a huge margin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strathclyde_water_referendum,_1994 ) at the same time it was taking place in england and wales , and from what i 've heard i 'm glad we did - as i understand it , since privatisation there has generally been a downwards trend in service standards ( although i freely admit i 'm not terribly learned on this so correct me if i 'm wrong ! ), 
  being a socialist i believe accountable services operated for the public good is the way to go in all cases - yes , these need to be funded by taxes , but this is n't necessarily a bad thing and can even actually work out cheaper . 
  being british i 'm sure you 'll be familiar with the spiralling cost of rail travel since the privatisation of british rail , despite the [ enormous subsidies ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2012/oct/11/railway-trains-subsidy-state-private ) given to the operating companies by the government !, 
   yet the state has no mandate to feed [ us ] maybe it should !, 
   disregarding a people 's culture and history and refusing to consider the implications of actions which may be seen to offend that culture . 
  sounds a whole lot like what the british did when the forcibly displaced and oppressed the native irish population . 
  of course now that it 's good british loyalists that are doing the protests we 've got to be sensitive to their beliefs !, 
  not even on the british mainland is there such a fixation with the union flag . 
  i 'm lucky to see a single one per month , and even then it 's usually flying outside an orange lodge . 
  do elaborate !, 
  the dup and uup are known for being so progressive and inclusive , are n't they ? 
  loyalists in ni are almost universally right-wing scum so you 'll forgive me if i do n't have a great deal of sympathy for them or their dumb flag, 
  anybody who gets this upset over a fucking piece of cloth is a complete idiot especially if said piece of cloth bears a motif associated with one of the most murderous regimes in world history, 
  25 % of italians are fucking idiots, 
  aye because russia 's been so very , very nice to everyone over the past few years, 
  i did n't say there were a lot , just that not all of us are . 
  great reading job there champ, 
  what brash assumption am i making then , sports fan, 
  oh my wow , as someone who grew up catholic in an avowedly protestant area this is something i was completely unaware of . 
  thank you for bringing this completely relevant thing that i knew absolutely nothing about to my attention , reddit user ewanwhosearmy, 
  please do , i work with two polish guys and they 're top lads also the population of the east midlands is only marginally smaller than scotland 's so sorry about your slightly higher proportion of non-british people i guess ? 
  what 's your problem w/them, 
   your ancestors did n't , so nobody else does . 
  and yet the assumption that * every one * of these romanians and bulgarians are coming over here to hack our atms and/or steal our babies goes unchallenged . 
  would the torygraph write such a dramatic article about the same kind of increase in immigration from `` good '' countries ? 
  my ancestors were thoroughly unskilled immigrants from lithuania and ireland and i nor any of those before me have leached the state dry so there 's only one logical conclusion why people are so worked up about this, 
  attn : europeans , fyi not all of us are vile bigoted fucksleeves so feel free to come over , 
  he 's so happy with his wine, 
  aye , did you ? 
  [ he advocates legalising rape so you tell me if he 's a good guy or not ] ( http://www.rooshv.com/how-to-stop-rape ), 
   the idea that the eu can demand them removed when they only impact the uk is a bit of a drama . 
  of all the things i 'm mad at the eu over , curbing draconian pearl-clutching tory moralising is not one of them, 
  `` what 's cause and effect ? '', 
  - you , rn, 
  they did n't just support him , they installed him as the ruler of iran . 
  folk do n't take very kindly to foreign powers deposing their [ democratically-elected leaders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mohammad_mosaddegh ) , especially when the replacement goes out of his way to be as distasteful as possible to the population at large with ostentatious displays of wealth and political deference to the west, 
  sounds like you want to ban dissent and enforce government-mandated nationalism/patriotism . 
  are you sure you 're not actually iran 's biggest fan, 
  lol literally nobody said it was your fault , calm down hombre, 
  they probably would have , whether they 'd have been successful is another story . 
  have a good one !, 
  are genocide and ethnic cleansing are perfectly excusable as long as they get some railways and medicines out of it ? 
  mesopotamia was n't a country , it was a geographic area encompassing many civilisations . 
  i cited the area because of your assertion that ancient greece was the sole fount of `` western '' ideals and scientific progress , which they demonstrably are n't . 
  your assertion that these places were `` ruined '' by islam is bullshit as well , since much of what we know about mathematics , astronomy and a plethora of other scientific fields follows on from work done by islamic scholars . 
  go back to google and tell me the etymology of the word `` algorithm '', 
  possibly , but the case for deposing a democratically-elected leader is much weaker than that for deposing one installed by a coup . 
  the latter would be far more likely to gain popular support, 
  it absolutely does merit being mentioned because it serves as a reminder that this specific theocracy is entirely down to western meddling . 
  if the us and uk had n't performed a coup to depose the democratically-elected iranian government - 1 . 
  the shah would n't have been installed as iran 's authoritarian ruler , 2 . 
  the islamic revolution would have probably never happened , 3 . 
  iran would n't be governed by a bunch of fundamentalist lunatics , and 4 . 
  hijab wearing would n't be mandatory, 
   the middle east might be a shit-show today , but that has always been the case google mesopotamia and read about how wrong you are , especially with regard to ideals you believe began in ancient greece . 
  you might be pleasantly surprised to find out just how much we owe to the civilisations that once inhabited the middle east , both scientifically and culturally !, 
  also other people being shitty does n't somehow negate the very real damage done by european colonialism . 
  as long as you 've got google open , find out what leopold ii got up to in africa and tell me if that embodies enlightenment values, 
  i 'm not proposing anything happens , i 'm just saying that trying to ascribe mandatory hijab to `` lol stupid backwards iranians '' is disingenuous and ignores the reasons * why * iran has such a shitty theocratic government when the potential was there for it to be a liberal democracy before it was snuffed out by the us and uk, 
  during the revolution most folk just wanted to get rid of the shah that had been installed by the foreign governments , and the movement to establish an islamic republic was the one that had the most traction throughout the country . 
  it 's no surprise that it was the anti-shah movement that ended up being the dominant one . 
  not a desirable outcome for iranians or the world , but that 's the price we pay for us and uk meddling . 
  also re : the lack of an iranian `` spring '' , i think if the last six years have proven anything about popular uprisings against authoritarian governments , it 's that they 're much harder and unpredictable than previously thought and may not necessarily produce a desirable outcome . 
  lots of folk value stability and safety , and revolutions are n't conducive to either of those things . 
  you 're right , the chain of events i 've posted above demonstrate that it 's really the iranians ' fault do i feel guilty about events that i did n't participate in and definitely do n't endorse ? 
  not really , no . 
  that 's part and parcel of living in the west these days unfortunately , our entire comfortable existence is predicated on human rights violations taking place throughout the world on a daily basis so we can have cheaper fuel , consumer goods and political dominance . 
  i 'm not going to cast iran as being some kind of egalitarian post-gender paradise but having to wear a bit of fabric on your head is pretty low on the spectrum of human rights violations, 
  reminder that the whole reason iran has a government that espouses `` misogynistic religious nuttery '' is because the us and uk could n't abide the iranians taking control of their country 's oil reserves and replaced a democratically-elected left-wing government with the shah , who was in turn deposed by the islamic revolution, 
  trump is gon na make any us-uk trade deals conditional on us becoming the 51st state, 
  hint : we have n't actually gained much independence , and any that we have gained is now offset by both the big & complicated post-brexit problems and the intransigence of theresa may and her incompetent cabinet of pigfuckers, 
  [ exclusive footage of britain 's post-brexit space program ] ( https://youtu.be/xav_7akuggw?t=56 ), 
  [ i took this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o7ilq.jpg ) in scotland today . 
  it 's actually been incredibly clear the past few days which also means that it gets absolutely fucking freezing during the night ) :, 
  good luck !, 
  -- scotland, 
  things like this make me excited for the day when scotland is covered in windmills too !, 
  do n't forget belgium !, 
  the union flag is the most bloodstained flag of all . 
  i can see how that would cause problems , if the children are n't being taught the truth then that has long-lasting repercussions . 
  it 's something that happens all over the world - even to this day in britain there is n't much effort made to teach about the crimes committed by the empire . 
  i 'm sure most serbs are kind , welcoming people ( if excessively patriotic , but again that is n't a problem confined to serbia ) but things like the continued existence of the political party of slobodan milosevic make me feel uneasy .
