in the uk we have pendle hill which literally means `` hill-hill-hill '' ... 
  pen ( hill ; cumbric ) dle ( hyll ; old english ) hill ( hill ) . 
  in case there is any confusion , it 's definitely a hill . 
  that 's a pretty neat topic for a level . 
  my favourite bit is the process of `` antiquisation '' where they ( re - ) invent history by building statues and renaming things after famous macedonians who never set foot in ( fyro ) macedonia . 
  it 's all a bit bizarre . 
  `` macedonia can be wherever we say it is-was ! '', 
  ... and greece [ is n't very happy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_naming_dispute ) about the country of `` macedonia '' calling itself `` macedonia '' . 
  quite understandably really , given there is [ a bit of greece called macedonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_ ( greece ) . 
  good way to piss off your neighbours . 
  you should add it to wikipedia . 
  12 points from mother russia to other russia, 
  sure , but 8 seats is a bit smaller than 50 odd . 
  ha , that is unfortunately true ... but i have n't forgotten and i 'm not welsh . 
  i do n't even live in the uk at the moment . 
  that 's an englishman , living in the netherlands , that thinks welsh devolution is an important issue . 
  together we can do this !, 
  we can do this !, 
  oh , that makes a lot more sense . 
  i was aware that there were different language regions in belgium , but had assumed those areas would have their parliaments defined regionally rather than by language specifically . 
  thanks !, 
  naive question here , but how does a government go about representing a community on the basis of language ? 
  what happens if the two governments disagree on what to do ? 
  do french speakers get their bins collected on tuesdays , but the german speakers go all out on a thursday ? 
  * sorry , i 'm english . 
  we like to talk about bins . 
  ah , interesting . 
  i honestly thought the entire thing shut down and everyone just got on with their lives ( a la usa ) . 
  i know very little about the belgian system to be honest ( not even too clued up on the netherlands , and i live there ) . 
  does 6 governments mean 6x the elections , or are they specific to regions or specific purposes ? 
  i voted in a recent election in nl but was only able to vote for water management ( ! ), 
  i could n't really understand the election materials , so i thought long and hard and voted for the party with the nicer logo . 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure that 's that far from what a lot of other people do anyway . 
  it 'd be great to see a good showing for plaid , give welsh devolution a nudge forward . 
  it feels like it 's been sort of forgotten with all the hoo-ha up in scotland . 
  ideally , i 'd hope we can devolve the hell out of the whole country , but one step at a time . 
  amen . 
  the latest polls show an expected hung parliament , with labour and the conservatives basically neck and neck \u00b1 10 seats . 
  the snp+l abour as a left wing alliance will be the only way to achieve a majority of votes in the resulting parliament . 
  but that does n't give the snp power over a labour government , unless they are going to start threatening to vote against their * own beliefs * ( and , voters ) . 
  labour does n't need a coalition with the snp because the snp will vote with them regardless . 
  when it takes that long to form a government , and things do n't start falling apart around you , do you not start wondering `` do we really need one ? '', 
  strangely , engelse drop ( or `` liquorice allsorts '' to us ) is one of the few liquorice things i do n't like , though it 's not the liquorice bit that 's the problem . 
  in the netherlands i 'm quite into the autodrop ( total loss ) and fruit duos myself , though had some half-half salmiak liquorice thing that was awesome . 
  it 's can actually be quite hard to find liquorice ( apart from liquorice allsorts ) in the uk now , it 's bit of an old man 's sweet i think . 
  thankfully i got the hell out of there before it went completely mad . 
  i 'm english and i love dutch liquorice . 
  the pure salmiak ( the white sweets ) is a bit much , but i 'm working on it . 
   afro-french ( is that a word ? ), 
  i think the word you 're looking for is `` french '' . 
  if the person was black use the word `` black '' . 
  afro-american is a weird us english thing which should n't be encouraged . 
  africa has black people , but not all black people are african and not all africans are black . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  i could not see that at all ... and i looked more than once . 
  look at it and ... imagine the rest of the story ? 
  just a front cover . 
  you have to imagine the rest yourself . 
  * minimalist manga * i believe they call it . 
  there 's no reason the flag would * have * to change . 
  a country 's flag can be anything it wants . 
  we can even pretend the blue symbolises something else if we want ... like years of endless tory rule . 
  by `` old way '' do you mean bank transfer ? 
  had n't even occurred to me that might be an option , will keep it in mind thanks !, 
  i 've got a dutch bank account ( been here 2 years now ) but when i tried to apply for a cc from abn amro i was told i 'd need residency . 
  ideal is great , just a shame it does n't work outside of nl . 
  using a debit card in the uk is basically the same ( card reader , type pin get a code to approve ) but you need the long number to start the process . 
  yeah i do n't do it a lot but some computer stuff is cheaper ( or only available ) in the uk/germany . 
  would just be nicer to be able to do it in euros . 
  do any of them offer debit cards with a cc number ? 
  you ca n't get an actual credit card in nl until you have residency , so i 'm stuck using my uk debit card for any online stuff that does n't have ideal . 
   it 's a card from your bank that directly extracts from your bank account with your personal 4 digit code . 
  that 's a debit card . 
  the non-standard thing about debit cards in nl is they do n't have the credit-card like number on them ( so ca n't be used to buy things online/over the phone except with ideal ) . 
   a pinpas use to have a separate debitcard function on it ( chipknip it was called ) . 
  that 's a `` prepaid debit card '' . 
  oh definitely , i would want it to be advertised widely . 
  i am just pretty sure a decent proportion of 18 year olds would think `` too much effort/what 's the point/why would i want to go on a train journey '' and not bother . 
  should probably also limit the ticket to 18-21 or similar to put a cap on the financial obligation ( which would need budgeting ) . 
  could probably reduce that a lot by making it on-request ( i.e. 
  everyone 's entitled but you need to apply/ask ) . 
  even if it is free a lot of people wo n't bother . 
  it 's a very nice idea . 
  literally . 
  thanks for the explanation , 
  ... but again . 
  why does someone need publicity to do that ? 
  `` well i * was * going to save a 3yo girls life , but there was n't enough media attention so nope . '', 
  if they have $ 4 billion why not just donate it ? 
  seems a bit heartless to want something in ` return ' for saving a kid 's life . 
  friends tell friends when they 're behaving like dickheads . 
  that 's the thing , i can agree with banning the burkha . 
  showing your face ( identity ) in public * is * a central part of western culture ( with exceptions for safety , climate , etc. ), 
  showing your skin on a beach is not . 
  this ban specifically targets moderate muslims who happen to believe in covering their body/hair in public ( a view shared by some christians incidentally ) . 
  but it has zero effect on the extremists ( e.g. 
  wahhabists , who would n't be seen dead in a burkini , because it 's too revealing ) or terrorists ( who are all men ) . 
  it could n't be more off-target if it tried . 
  do you have any evidence of it being promoted/forced by salafists ? 
  the burden of proof is on you .
