  exporting goods or services brings foreign money into the country . 
  tourism does the same thing - it has many characteristics which are similar to exports . 
  the the authority on world travel & tourism reckons about 11n eur in direct tourism contribution in 2014 , and 28n in total contribution . 
  an absolutely enormous part of their economy . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.wttc.org/-/media/files/reports/economic%20impact%20research/country%20reports/greece2014.pdf ), 
  the ejaculating penis tip one is interesting too . 
  being irish , i have a full grasp of hiberno-english , which does n't always follow quite the same style as the queen 's version !, 
  how about a deer hunter then ? 
  or a rabid hunter ? 
  crazy hunter ? 
  i 'm a big fan of collea . 
  it 's a bit like gouda . 
  i would expect you to hold to your morals and not fly with ryanair . 
  the same way i do n't buy goods or services from abroad that i do n't agree with the production methods . 
  however , i expect danes will continue to fly with ryanair because they are cheapest . 
  sure , but as a nation you will still fly with ryanair . 
  you will still give them your money . 
  you will still them condone how they work but you will not have their jobs . 
  i guess i was saying that you ca n't export your problems . 
  if you do n't like ryanair and their business , you ca n't ethically just say `` if they 're employed elsewhere then it 's ok to use them even though i do n't agree with their business '' . 
  that 's the same as thinking buying goods made by child labour is ok because it does n't happen in denmark . 
  so , if you think ryanair should n't allowed operate in denmark then you should have the courage to never fly with them . 
  however , i do n't believe people would do that - they are price motivated . 
  as o'leary famously said , even `` germans will crawl bollock naked over broken glass to get low fares '' . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  so the danish are ok with taking low fares , but not supporting workers rights outside their border ? 
  it would be a bit like me saying i do n't mind buying shoes made by child labour because it was n't made within my borders . 
  either have a moral backbone , and do n't take a service you do n't agree with or maybe get realistic . 
  they can choose to work for them , or not work for them . 
  that 's easy , surely ? 
  everyone likes low fares . 
  why would an airline fly with more than the retired minimum ? 
  it costs more , for no reason . 
  start by spelling it right , and once you 've done that realise that ryanair have made air travel available to a massive group of people that could never have afforded it before . 
  if you expect flying on a place to be a luxury experience , rather than a trip from a to b then they 're not for you . 
  but in terms of flying nobody else in europe has done more for your average person than ryanair , whether you have flied with them or not they had forced the industry to be more affordable . 
  sure , things fuck up every now and then - but that happens on every airline . 
  yes , those bunch bastards that made air travel affordable to a whole new class and group of people . 
  what fuckers . 
  i hark back for the days that a dublin to london flight was the guts of a grand in todays money . 
  well , it would benefit the uk economy to have less uncertainty about greece 's future . 
  and if someone else could pay to sort that out , it would be just awesome !, 
  did n't say it did ... just that it 's easier to lob your opinions in when you do n't have skin in the game . 
  easy for him to say it , when he 's not the one who they owe money to . 
  technically in arrears , not in default . 
  i was in greece last week . 
  a number of times , the shop / restaurant claimed that their card machine would only work with local cards , and not foreign ones . 
  which is total bullshit . 
  yep - that sounds shitty for the defaulter . 
  you do n't need a couple of months now when you 've had years before . 
  they do n't forfeit , unless greece as a country dissolves - and i doubt you want that . 
  when you miss your mortgage payment the bank does n't just say `` welp , we 'll just give him the house then '' ... they still come after you and get their payment any way they can . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  your average car on dublin roads is better than your average car on london roads . 
  fewer porsches and ferraris , but better on average . 
  thanks !, 
  having a great time . 
  everyone here has been very pleasant and nice . 
  a credit to greece . 
  on the 30th , greece will likely go into arrears with the imf - not technically a default yet . 
  cuba , zimbabwe and i think argentina are also in this position with the imf . 
  not good company . 
  would you buy them ? 
  i do n't think i would . 
  i 'd guess that greece would default on them within 6 months , so i 'd want 200 % annual interest just to cover my investment . 
  so in reality , the rate i would demand as a buyer would be even higher . 
  greece would never issue on those terms , and frankly nobody would buy from them on the terms that they would issue on so they ca n't just issue more debt . 
  they 've got too much already . 
  it 's mostly locked up in the hotel safe !, 
  things seem pretty chilled here . 
  no queues at the atms , and they 're not empty . 
  you would n't know there was an economic problem - the town seems busy , but i guess in a tourist area it 's easy for things to appear much different to the rest of the country . 
  it would n't be a technical default - for example the imf had a 30 day period in which to assess non payment and could use this to allow a bit of extra time . 
  i 'm on my way to crete for a week right now . 
  have packed plenty of hard cash on the assumption it might not be that easy to get there . 
  the republic of ireland is the soccer team . 
  the country is just `` ireland '' . 
  no , you stand on the right on an escalator . 
  walk on the left . 
  unless you 're walking through some parts of bank , where you keep left . 
  very confusing . 
   banks gave away more than they should i agree - but people , companies and governments took it from them ( and other countries ) . 
  banks did n't force it on anyone . 
  they spent all of their savings , and are now asking for some extra pocket money - but the amount they are asking for is really big . 
  sure . 
  i 've gone for shopping day trips with my wife . 
  dead easy . 
  they give enormous breaks to domestic companies , not so much to foreign ones . 
  it averages out at a low rate , but that low rate is n't available to everyone . 
   london conversely , i 'd suggest any tourist in england should stick away from any city that is n't london . 
  because it 's fucking awesome . 
  in theory yes , but not in practice . 
  do n't you mean harriet harperson ? 
  one way or another , yes . 
  probably - but plus tax it 'll be more than that . 
  unless you 're queen elizabeth who seems to have everything named after her at the moment . 
  the thinking was that their eye was n't on the ball at the time . 
  and they were probably right . 
  never min the `` artisan '' bread people , a decent sliced pan is impossible to find in the uk .
