all we have to do is make sure it is n't contaminated and pump it through pipes , which are already in place . 
  all of that is already paid for . 
  good thing we do n't have to worry about the quality of those pipes , or maintaining them . 
  we do n't need to spend a cent , and they 'll stay in tip-top condition forever . 
  sure all the hard work is already done for us !, 
  you can drink all the sea water you want - it 's the fresh stuff that 's a bit harder to get hold of and manage . 
  iceland has obviously decided to move closer to the rest of europe . 
  maybe they were feeling lonely all out where they were . 
  jacuzzi for any hot tub . 
  are you eligible for a visa through ancestors ? 
  if not , you 'll struggle to get one . 
  otherwise , you can come for ( i think ) 90 days for a holiday . 
  good lamb is hard to beat . 
  as a child in ireland , i users to get off from the last week of may until the second week of september . 
  3 months , give or take . 
  what do you think britain did ? 
  the wind blows westerly , so they popped windscale on the west coast so any fallout would head over to ireland . 
  there 's only one london in the world , mate . 
  you do n't have to go very far to find that . 
  london is about twice the size of ireland in terms of population . 
  i know a few who have very , very basic english . 
  individually , we like them - collectively , perhaps not quite so much . 
  i have n't met many so it 's hard to think anything about them - but as a gross generalisation , i would view ukrainians as similar to russians but more progressive and forward looking . 
  stansted airport is a mere 46 minutes from slap-bang in the centre of london . 
  one of the ? 
  well , we do eat a lot of potatoes . 
  ireland ... protestant . 
  cork - they think it 's much better than it is , down there . 
  not sure why you are getting down voted , that is a pretty rational explanation ... unless you 're saying that you trust industry paid lobbyists in the usa compared to government institutions !, 
  what do you mean by security and justice for ireland ( and the uk ? ), 
  they actually allow you a second small bag now , a shopping bag from the airport , ladies handbag ... that kind of thing . 
  i assume this incident was before that change was rolled out . 
  lots of people there have lost their jobs , and many of those people were not particularly well paid . 
  it 's a joke . 
  ... and promptly declares himself a member of a polygamist cult . 
  i would wager my life savings it is not the best performing isa overall . 
  surprisingly it does n't . 
  i do n't know how or why , but it 's not as disgusting as you 'd expect . 
  just the financial capital of banking . 
  lots of fraud because the market is so big , not that it 's inherently corrupt . 
  ireland 2 . 
  before - looks nicer , but in my line of work i 'd generally see 100 eur rather than $ 100 . 
  before , the irish punt used the same sign as the english pound . 
  they have , and it 's written before . 
  never seen it written after . 
  it 's been the number 1 fx . 
  venue in the works since forever . 
  it 's not threatening to overtake - it 's always been ahead . 
  as far as i am aware , floor 2 of db on london wall is the single biggest fx venue in the world by a number of measures . 
  yep !, 
  i do n't think it offends anyone either way . 
  it 's all a bit of a silly dance around names of land !, 
  but it 's amazing the number of people that think the official name of ireland is the republic of ireland !, 
   the republic you do know that 's just the name of the soccer team , and has no official usage outside of uefa / fifa ? 
  i would of course agree that the diplomatic relations between the uk and ireland have significantly improved , to the point that they are `` good '' , but i think it is naive to think that goes for everyone on the island . 
  if you think that `` nobody brings it up '' then i guess you are lucky enough to have been raised and live somewhere that there has n't been real trouble . 
  same with me , but i know others very well who were not so lucky and have lost family members under murky circumstances that they can only guess about . 
  anyway , i 've got work to do !, 
  nice talking to you . 
  we 'll just have to disagree !, 
  doing nothing can also cause deaths . 
  if arseholes like the real ira continue to take pot shots and kill people , the maybe that could be avoided . 
  to me it sounds like you 're advocating the `` bottling it up inside '' approach ( it 's very tempting , at a personal level many of us do it all the time ) , but over the longer term i do n't think that 's healthy or useful . 
  in terms of the famine the british are well aware what they did , and those failings are accepted both sides of the irish sea - actually key to my point in that order to really let it be consigned to history , there has to be universal acceptance . 
  you see , i think differently . 
  for many people those wounds have n't closed yet , and truth is a process to help close them . 
  for someone who has arrived at closure , i do n't think finding out the truth ( which they probably already know if at that point ) would reopen anything . 
  the alternative is to wish and pretend that it never happened , and then you look like one of those old ones who bemoan the demonification of priests and the church about child abuse , pleading for them to be left alone `` because he 's an old man , and it was all so long ago '' . 
  i think the only way we can all move on when the truth is known and acknowledged by all sides . 
  you do n't need to send everyone to prison , but the truth is important . 
  look at the truth and reconciliation commission in south africa - it has helped overcome some of the bad things that happened during years or terrible things there . 
  it 's like the bodies of the disappeared . 
  at this stage , they do n't want anyone to go to prison , they do n't want `` justice '' , they just want to know where their dead are and give themselves some closure . 
  perhaps being able to correctly answer that question should be a prerequisite for your vote being counted ? 
  ( a ) is the uk a member of the eu ? 
  ( b ) do you want that to continue ? 
  answers to b are only counted when the answer to a is correct . 
  if nobody is observing them smile , are they really smiling ? 
  smelly suits need to be dry cleaned to keep them office-suitable . 
  that would be much appreciated , but perhaps a tad unnecessary . 
  i agree . 
  it must be 99.999999 % complied with . 
  the only time i 've ever seen it broken was in a lock-in at 4 in the morning . 
   second hand smoking does n't kill besides the fact that it will , over a population - but it also massively increases my dry cleaning bill . 
  spreads have widened - i.e. 
  yield up - in the last 5 days . 
  umm , the bond spread widened . 
  ten-year italian govvies rose 31 points to 4.73 pc . 
  they were 3.82 pc in may . 
  and last week they were 4.24 pc . 
  hiberno-english . 
  it 's not the older ones that are small , it 's the newer deep level ones . 
  the ones with larger trains are the older ones and they just sub-surface , like the new york system . 
  the deep level lines are tunnelled and since that 's expensive they made them as small as they could get away with . 
  for example , the met line uses larger trains and it opened in 1863 . 
  the new crossrail system which will open soon is deep level , but with large bore tunnels so big trains . 
  they are . 
  but the name of the sovereign state is `` ireland '' . 
  it 's right there in our constitution . 
  tourism needs to be represented here , in a sense .
