  for reasons i ca n't understand , a packaged pan in ireland is so much better than in the uk . 
  warburtons do the best attempt i 've found , but it 's muck in comparison to brennans !, 
  that 's relatively phonetic in `` english '' compared to a lot of irish names !, 
  pronunciation in irish can be hard . 
  pronouncing medb as maeve stumps lots of people . 
  tadgh confuses people too . 
  conchobhar is not as much of a mouthful as it looks . 
  caoimhseach is n't too easy either . 
  and that 's just first names !, 
  you can get some very unobtrusive ones . 
  we have ones called `` nanoblinds '' which are very effective but when up they are barely noticeable - you 'd really have to be looking to see them . 
  easily my favourite . 
  lcy is close to work for me , and i can be home within 35 minutes of rubber touching the ground . 
  everything i super simple , and the other passengers know what they 're doing so security moves quick . 
  no package tour families there !, 
  why would the rest on the eu want to do that , just to satisfy the uk ? 
  the uk would be welcome to trace with the eu if it left , but would not get any special treatment may like other efta members . 
  seems fair , since the brits borrowed ( and still borrow ! ), 
  lots of ireland for a long time it 's only fair we should get some of their land back . 
  i have one in zone 1 . 
  worth about 30-40k, 
  people often say `` do you have their number '' which does n't identify the gender . 
  ok , but why ? 
   you ca n't park anywhere would you mind explaining this bit to me ? 
  what do you mean by `` elbowing to the plane '' ? 
  ryanair let you bring 3 carry on bags . 
  they have a very new fleet . 
  they only charge you avoidable fees . 
  idiots complain that ryanair charge extras because they 're too dumb to avoid them . 
  those people subsidise sensible people . 
  almost as ridiculous as electing some ropey b-movie actor to the same position !, 
  and the west coast of ireland . 
  china just adapt to it through altering their daily patterns at different times . 
  breakfast is later the further west you go . 
  bedtimes earlier the further east . 
  it actually makes sense . 
  skype ... the same company that just made all their staff redundant in london ? 
  happily . 
  i love new york . 
  in all fairness , manhattan is a real exception in terms of us cities . 
  it has proper public transport , people do n't tend to own cars etc. 
  it 's rather european , really !, 
  define `` national '' from her point of view , and you 'll see why her answer would be `` no '' . 
  actual study title : `` annual report on ** u.s. ** attitudes towards socialism '' . 
  for analysis such as this , a third currency makes a lot of sense . 
  all three are supermajors so using the usd as a reference point allows a sensible valuation . 
  the result was illegitimate because an enormous amount of the population boycotted it . 
  it was therefore not representative of actual sentiment . 
  you know as well as i do that referendum was about as representative as robert mugabe 's presidential election result , with all the nationalist parties and support groups , and yes , fighters boycotting the plebiscite . 
  frankly it was surprising that it was only 98.9 % . 
  the result of it was about as illegitimate as referenda results have ever been . 
  when was that ? 
  happens all the time . 
  both are official languages of the state . 
  the vast majority of university entrants will speak 3 languages , to varying degrees of ability of course . 
  i 'm not defending anyone , i 'm just explaining the rules of the bus and tube to help explain why that might have happened . 
   when he smiled at them on a bus why the fuck would you do that ?!, 
  breaks the first rule of london public transport which is to keep yourself to yourself . 
  it 's not that people are inherently unfriendly - catch the same person in another place and they 'll be nice . 
  it 's just that the tube , and a bit less so the bus are pretty horrible places to be . 
  the ` zoning out ' behaviour is a coping mechanism to stop you consciously realising that your face is stuffed up next to a fat man 's armpit . 
  so , the rule of public transport is get on , zone out , shut up and keep yourself to yourself . 
  once you 're off the bus or out of the station you can be nice again !, 
  three ? 
  we have one real city , to be fair . 
  cork and galway are not comparable . 
  do they offer a vegetarian meal ? 
  we booed george osborne at london !, 
  do n't expect much for a while . 
  especially if trump gets in . 
  they 're daewoo cars with a chevrolet badge . 
   britain is a tolerant country i 've always found it odd that british people seem to be proud of this . 
  to me , it basically says `` we do n't like you , nor will we accept you , but we 'll tolerate you '' . 
  it 's not exactly the most welcoming or nice thing to tell someone . 
  that sounds like a strategy . 
  it 's not a branch , it 's a separately capitalised entity that does n't distribute capital back to its parent . 
  it is effectively firewalled from `` head office '' . 
  but with db , that 10 % ( to 20 % ) is only the precent of their us business , which itself is a fairly low percentage of their overall business . 
  it 's a fascinating place to work though - parts are a real mess , which makes it very interesting . 
  other parts are very efficient and well ran , it 's more like a collection of businesses in many ways . 
  and dbs failure of ccar was badly reported . 
  only deutsche bank trust corporation was part of ccar , and is does n't distribute capital to deutsche bank ag . 
  in fact , deutsche bank trust corporation is only about 10-20 % of db 's us business . 
  technically a draw . 
  the ruc was the police force . 
  they were bastards alright , but i would n't go as far as to call them terrorists - though they did collude with them . 
  chrome will take hours off your battery life . 
  it really makes a big difference . 
  a profit making , privately funded opera ? 
  perhaps that 's because all your bread is so sweetened that the salt does n't taste good with it ? 
  i think unsalted butter totally lacks flavour . 
  all butter does n't taste the same , unfortunately . 
  most butter in the uk is very pale yellow , more waxy than creamy at times and also crucially unsalted or very lightly salted . 
  the border would / will be internal between ni and the rest of the uk . 
  much easier to implement . 
  if we went for schengenn it would be really interesting . 
  add a zero ,, 
  people moving is great !, 
  motivated people are the best . 
  a win for the country .
