  i totally support independece referendums , as my main ideology is having a european federation of nation state.s, 
  ive always heard that english speakers find spanish accent sexy . 
  of course they never heard a galician speaking english . 
  weird enough . 
  i can totally mimick british accent , and southern american accent and german accent in english . 
  but whenever i try to imitate an accent in spanish i just sound portuguese . 
  cartagena 1741 best year of my life, 
  well , i meant the most barbaric thing , not the highest death count . 
  in that case the spanish civil war . 
  well , we did n't want to kill them , they just happened to die like flies from smallpox , that killed 90 % of them . 
  besides that is n't really spanish soil . 
  i would say the inquisition . 
  buzzfeed is hated by everyone except their public . 
  like huffington , cosmo , breitbart ... 
  but i think the example is still valid . 
  claiming to know a culture does n't mean that you really know it . 
  like these people claiming irish heritage in america . 
  yea , we have a fonetic language . 
  but anyway i keep thinking that we still use qu , v and h just because makes the language look prettier , which is a pretty stupid cause . 
  wait when he learns about plurinational states like spain or germany . 
  dam i want bavaria independence just to have that sexy flag waving in the europarlament . 
  and are filled with things that range from wrong , to very wrong to crimes against humanity like these : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5shc8y/buzzfeed_made_a_spanish_tortilla_and_the_spanish/, 
  pretty sure he meant languages that are not inteligible between them . harder to preserve . 
  french centralism politics should be declared illegal by the unesco or something . 
  its unfair how they are letting so much richness die . 
  they arent reallly languages . 
  they are considered spanish dialects . 
  i dont really agree because asturian is closer to galician than to spanish , and i , and the portuguese language academy think that galician is already a portuguese dialect . 
  laughs in galician . 
  yep , we have literally useless letters in spanish , b and v are always read as b , h has no sound so it is , at best , a glorified ' . 
  english would be so weird yet so great if they were a phonetic language like spanish or italian . 
  see , that would never happen in poland , you cant trick people twice . 
  actually is from portugal and galicia !, 
  well you are all russians so its normal . 
  vampire fish . 
  yea . 
  in most european countries we have that . 
  what i mean is obligatory paternal leaves for both parents . 
  while thats true , it will only hurt woman if they get more time off , as they will get less likely to get hired . 
  having equal time off as a men and as a woman solves that problem . 
  the other paragraph is just my opinion . 
  men and woman shouldnt be forced to sustain a child they didnt want ( it isnt that hard to have an accidental pregnancy or an `` accidental '' one ) , not like the last is a common issue but it happens . 
  it isnt fair for men who are anti-abortist to have something that is half you aborted either . 
  so i think men should have a way to make woman go through pregnancy if they compromise to take the custody ( unless it is risky , any illness , rape , underage , etc ) . 
  not really a priority , just something that came to my mind , really dont want to try to sound like im pushing an agenda . 
  btw : im totally pro-abort , but i respect the people against it . 
  lol that top post . 
  it is also stupid to pretend that women and men are the same . 
  the thing that makes us human is that all of us are different . 
  and that applies to genders . 
  the ideal compromise would be for the men and women to have the same exact leave , as it would make no difference to hire a woman or a men . 
  another thing that i think we need to do is make parents able to resign the custody of their children during the pregnancy ( no pay for the mother , no surname ... ) , and to be able to block an abortion , so women cant have abortions unless it is risky for the mother , baby has a disease , etc. 
  basically an equal reproductive rights law . 
  this is the best answer by far . 
  better skip the purging your filthy enemies part thought . 
  i dont really have any interest , just , what would the europeans think if suddenly colombia requested to join the european union . 
  and assuming it would be a profitable for both parties deal . 
  being in the ue is always good because you have many countries backing your economy . 
  that alone boost the growth . 
  north of africa does have some bonds with some other countries in europe ( spain and italy , also the uk ... ) most of southamerica speaks spanish , portuguese and a bit of french and english . 
  canada is called europe in america ... 
  when your region has colonized the whole world 2 times , it is hard to not find cultural bonds . 
  that said , obviously we need to integrate countries that would provide something useful for the ue . 
  i dont think that those two should be the main concerns . 
  you could call it the indoeuropean union , but that might sound a bit nazi . 
  my father was a manual purist til the moment he drove an automatic . 
  na , they just learned from the best : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gmnykzjkik, 
  because we mock that so much . 
  one of my weirdest childhood memories is my uncle arguing with my swiss cousin why he ca n't wear that in spain with a weird mix of spanish italian and german, 
  they are in my country . 
  only i have the right to insult them . 
  same . 
  yep , spanish rosc\u00f3n de reyes : https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosc%c3%b3n_de_reyes ( linked in spanish because the english version shows some weird monstrosity ) . 
  you are right . 
  all of them are from gothenburg . 
  me bad . 
  look and my flair , then look at your flair , then look at my flair . 
  i hate black metal , but i really have to thank them because they made a very interesting `` extreme '' metal ecosystem . 
  im a hardcore fan of insomnium and dark tranquility ( who happen to be finnish ), 
  that would be death metal btw . 
  i just figured that german is actually my fathers trying to speak english . 
  so ... you wear sandals indoors ? 
  most of them . 
  but serbia slovakia and slovenia give me trouble . 
  same with norway and iceland . 
  the united satellite . 
  better than those stupid danes who would call it blackland . 
  glorious romance speaker telling you that is a really bad idea . 
  na , the uk still participates , its not bitter enough . 
  idk . 
  i just know it is on the list of sephardi jewish surnames that the spanish government let them have nationality with some test and talking spanish to some level . 
  dont tell 4chan . 
  yea you like it ? 
  fucking retired, 
  climate change , populism and tribalism , russia and the usa . 
  in that order . 
  who would n't, 
  i must add this : http://statics.cuantarazon.com/crs/2010/12/cr_76458_this_summer.jpg yea , i know he is british , but to us you all are the same sockswithsandals-wearing monsters . 
  mostly because they had never seen one . 
  cheese is much more disgusting if you go with that logic .
