  the problem with current unemployment numbers is that they 're not really accurate . 
  for example , people with 1-euro jobs do n't count as unemployed , even though they pretty much are . 
  and i did n't say that refugees are getting preferential treatment , i 'm saying that the government is saying that they want the refugees to get jobs , and that the unemployed germans feel like they 're overlooked . 
  i honestly do n't believe that every afd voter is racist . 
  the loud ones might be , but i think there are many quiet ones who are n't . 
  indeed . 
  i do n't think that everybody who votes for the afd is a racist . 
  i think most of them are just poor and angry at politicians because they read in the newspapers how much money the german state has , how well it 's doing , but meanwhile they have less and less money in their own pockets because everything gets more expensive while social benefits are reduced and infrastructure crumbles , and the government cuts funding everywhere , like with teachers or with the police . 
  then the refugees show up , and suddenly the government seems to throw a shitload of money around , building houses in record time , and when ronny , the welder from saxony who 's been unemployed for 6 years , hears that the refugees are gon na be given jobs as fast as possible , he 'll get angry , because he feels like the government does n't care about him . 
  i think that if the afd voters just had enough money in their pockets and there was enough money for the police they would n't give one shit about any supposed `` islamisation '' and the afd would disappear into obscurity . 
  and a social democratic government with the greens and/or the left would do just that . 
  the insa ( the guys who did this poll ) ceo is hermann binkert , a guy who got 8,000 $ a month from the afd thuringia , wrote several afd-positive articles for the huffington post , and started a society together with several afd members of the thuringian parliament . 
  but sure , totally anti-afd . 
  my guess would be that after the party was over they did n't want to walk home in the cold and decided to sleep in the shed while leaving the stove on and all windows closed to keep the cold out . 
  the room then slowly filled with co and they died in their sleep . 
  i agree with him . 
  people see the government cutting corners everywhere , social expenditures are reduced , so the poor have less and less money , all because the minister of finance desperately wants to break even . 
  then the immigrants show up and the government suddenly has lots of money to spend on them , while at the same time taking more money from the people . 
  that 's what people are angry about . 
  if the government would increase social spending , hire more police and more teachers , repair the roads , let the poor who are currently voting for the afd have more money , populism would n't be as big of a problem as it currently is . 
  it shows who the supporters of the different parties would vote for if the chancellor was elected directly . 
  from top to bottom the bars are :  total  cdu supporters  gr\u00fcne ( greens ) supporters  fdp supporters  spd supporters  linke ( the left ) supporters  afd supporters, 
  but our politicians swear on the grundgesetz ( german constitution ) , not the bible . 
  and many of those young kids in the video probably died in some trench in france or poland just 15 years later . 
  you think you have it bad ... 
  there was a post a few years ago by a guy from the us who said that his parents have always believed that finland does n't exist . 
  it 's apparently a conspiracy by the japanese and has something to do with fishing rights . 
  people thought it was funny and started claiming it as well . 
  15 years ago in my history textbook in school there was an entire page about the herero massacre . 
  for something relatively unimportant for the global course of history i 'd say that is already quite a lot . 
  get ready for cold war 2 : diplomatic boogaloo !, 
  it 's k\u00f6nigsberg again . 
  nope , lidl is a completely different company with no relations to aldi . 
  of course not . 
  they sell different products and are largely independent , except for a joint corporate committee . 
  the bundeskartellamt sees them as a corporate group . 
  for some unknown reason , during the early 1960s , the two brothers who founded aldi decided to work separately , and split up the country and company . 
  one brother took care of the northern part , one of the southern part . 
  and internationally , they stay out of each other 's way . 
  not sorry . 
  i want to live near the beach , and thanks to climate change and rising seas i soon could , but the dutch try to undermine my plans by refusing to flood their lands , so i have to dig holes in their dykes . 
  how to speak dutch : 1 . 
  learn german . 
  eat a hot potato and get it stuck in your throat . 
  now try to speak german . 
  congratulations , you now speak dutch !, 
  and then you realize that toronto and montreal are at about the same level as rome . 
  [ from his wikipedia  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexei_navalny )  in 2008 during the russo-georgian war , navalny called georgians rodents  he also has been a co-organizer of the `` russian march '' , which radio free europe describes as `` a parade uniting russian nationalist groups of all stripes '' , and has appeared as a speaker alongside russian neo-nazis  navalny is agitating on behalf of aggressive anti-immigration policies . 
   navalny once compared dark-skinned caucasus militants with cockroaches, 
  somebody here from that village ? 
  ola its me ur hermano, 
  / r/germany is / r/de 's anti-anglosaxon protective wall . 
  this is really just a map of population density . 
  [ is it okay if we do accents , sugar ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/rr5otapdyry ), 
  but that 's berlin . 
  what 's popular in one part of germany is n't necessarily popular in another , and former east germany is a whole different story . 
   in germany , stripping down to your birthday suit is a popular pastime for people of all ages , shapes and sizes . 
  i 'd like to note that `` popular '' is relative , because i 've never seen somebody be nude in public ( besides the occasional topless sunbathing woman ) , nor have i ever seen an fkk beach . 
  `` i smuggled 99kg of cheese into the country . '', 
  `` why did n't you make it 100kg ? '', 
  `` are you mad ?!, 
  who 's gon na eat all that ?! '', 
  not really nerds , because a proper nerd would know that there 's a difference between a sea turtle like the one in the picture and a snapping turtle that attacks humans . 
  people probably do n't know that it 's technically an anime , along with shows like maja the bee , heidi : girl of the alps , nils holgersson , and moomins . 
  because back in the day the cool thing to do was make your name sound like latin . 
  cristoforo colombo does n't sound like some great important dude , christophorus columbus does . 
  apparently he chose that name himself . 
  and the strasserists got killed by hitler 's men during the night of the long knives in '34 because they had realized that hitler did n't agree with their views . 
  [ just do n't wash the paella pans in the sea . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wdib4rtp1qw?t=4m20s ), 
  they can propose legislation , but the lower house has to confirm it , and vice versa . 
  for example , the same-sex marriage thing from yesterday originally started as an initiative in the bundesrat , proposed by a few states a few years ago . 
  it then had to pass the bundestag , but the decision there was postponed again and again by merkel 's party . 
  `` let 's design a room that looks like it 's inside a giant wine cork . '', 
  \u00a7 130 part ( 4 ) stgb `` incitement to hatred '' :  ( 4 ) whosoever publicly or in a meeting disturbs the public peace in a manner that violates the dignity of the victims by approving of , glorifying , or justifying national socialist rule of arbitrary force shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding three years or a fine . 
  article 1 of the german constitution states that human dignity is inviolable . 
  holocaust denial violates the dignity of holocaust victims , therefore it 's illegal . 
  why do foreign journalists always translate volksverhetzung wrong ? 
  it 's not hate speech , it 's incitement of the people . 
  you can write `` refugees are assholes '' and nobody cares . 
  you write `` refugees should get out of this country '' and nobody cares . 
  you can even write `` i hate those muslim goatfuckers , they 're all terrorists '' and nobody cares . 
  but you write `` we should burn down refugee homes and club those fuckers to death '' and now it 's stuff that the german government wants controlled . 
  you write `` somebody should gas those people , do a second holocaust with them '' and now it 's incitement of the people . 
  sure , but that game is set at a border control point of a soviet country during the 1980s , and the people that come to arrest somebody are armed soldiers , which i think are still called guards . 
  [ also on the wiki it says `` occupation : guard '' . 
  ] ( http://papersplease.wikia.com/wiki/calensk ), 
   we ca n't play wolfenstein in all its glory and sometimes human enemies are being turned into robots that bleed green for some reason . 
  the latter does n't really happen anymore . 
  games like the new mortal kombats get released completely uncut , with all the blood and gore you can want . 
  and the former happens because of an outdated court case from the early 90s that classified video games as toys , meaning that they are n't allowed do use nazi symbols . 
  if somebody would put nazi symbols in their game and would go to court to fight that old decision , getting games classified as art in the process , thereby making it okay for video games to have nazi symbols in them , even that problem would disappear , but for some reason no video games publisher wants to be known as `` that company that wanted to use swastikas so badly that they went to court for it '' . 
  and it 's a great game . 
  `` listen here , lady . 
  i do n't care that you want to escape a prostitution ring , and that they 'll most likely kill you if i do n't let you through . 
  your passport expired two days ago , so you better leave right now or i 'll call the guards . '', 
  is n't it currently getting chopped down by the polish government ? 
  that 's about 62 traffic violations per day , or 2.6 per hour . 
  in germany brown coal mines are so big that you can actually see them on a topographic map .
