  are there plans of deporting economic migrants ? 
  deportations are a political and legal nightmare , i do n't know why people think that those people with denied asylum applications will get deported . 
  they wo n't . 
  okay , maybe 10.000 per year . 
  that will only take at least half a century . 
  what are `` antigerman groups '' ? 
  now i 'm confused , these are left-wing groups ? 
  do n't they have problems with the usa and israel ? 
  in the second article they are defending israel and the usa . 
  i can agree that the iranian regime is not what the iranian people deserve but in the middle east , iran is a rather small problem . 
  who would protest ? 
  which groups ? 
  a friend of my family has a company ( in germany ) selling generators , iranian businessmen already visited searching stuff to buy . 
  there is quite a bit money to make . 
  in germany ? 
  why ? 
  children are below 14 . 
  you stop being a child after your 14th birthday . 
  people who make negative experiences with the current situation wo n't forget it , there 's a difference between a political topic that does not affect anyone and a topic that causes fear in the population . 
  that would mean that the crisis is resolved , somehow . 
  will people accept the situation ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't know many people who are against the euro or the european union itself . 
  people vote for the afd because they feel like the cdu screwed them with the refugee policy . 
  i 'm playing captain obvious here , i think . 
  the chancellor does n't have that much power , germany has a parliamentary democracy , it 's normally working just fine . 
  she does n't make laws or anything . 
  the laws are made by the bundestag and you 're only voting for that , not the chancellor . 
  merkel did only one thing for what she did not need much power and that 's causing the dominant problems in germany right now . 
  i would vote for csu if i could but i 'm not living in bavaria . 
  i know quite a lot of people who voted cdu all their life but are strongly against that party 's current policies . 
  they now do n't know who to vote for . 
  fdp is n't in the bundestag anymore and a liberal party is not for everyone , spd , linke and gruene are left and therefore not interesting for former cdu voters . 
  they do n't like afd because of reasons and the npd is something we do n't even think of . 
  so who to vote vor ? 
  cdu fucked us , the others are not votable . 
  should i vote cdu to avoid it becoming even worse ? 
  should i not vote at all ? 
  should i shit on my morals and vote for something far right just to make a point ? 
  maybe i should start doing what many others do , shitposting on facebook about how irreparably fucked everything is . 
  what 's your guess about the next kanzlerkandidat ? 
  i 'd like seehofer , politics would be more fun with that guy at the top . 
  next election will result in the same coalition , let 's see if she gets another term . 
  that 's the problem . 
  that 's actually the major problem , i should have included it in my list . 
  that also speaks against home defense with it , on a second though a * bigger * pepper spray can ( police stuff ) would be the best choice even though using pepper spray in a closed environment is not the best idea but better than getting stabbed . 
  there are 9mm ( blanks ) that have pepper or cs-gas in them so if you fire the gun it will create a small cloud of gas/pepper . 
  the carry restrictions are the same , though , you need a permission and you ca n't bring it to the supermarket , university , public festivals and so on . 
  pepper spray on the other hand can be carried everywhere . 
  ( firing blanks ) if thought about getting one but it 's kind of a hassle , they might look and sound like a real gun but you need to get a permission for it and even with that permission you 're not allowed to carry it during public festivals . 
  you ca n't take it to university either so it 's no use during the commute . 
  firing it outside your property is against the law without even using it against something and if you really use it in self defense you can get in trouble , pepper spray or cs gas is more portable , `` more legal '' and you can take it anywhere but it 's also limited to extreme cases of self defense . 
  maybe i 'll get a gas gun ( schreckschusspistole ) for at home . 
  german bureaucracy is only efficient if you 're due for taxes , you 'd be surprised how fast they can work . 
  but in such cases , do n't expect anything . 
  nobody likes deportations because it 's a legal , political an media related nightmare . 
  so why do anything ? 
  just hope someone else manages that difficulties . 
  you can probably see the fucked up situation on the cameras but identifying individuals is a whole different thing . 
  that often relies on eyewitness reports and i do n't think those reports will yield much useful information . 
  german cities are full of cctv ? 
  that 's kind of new to me . 
  germans hate surveillance . 
  cockpit hardware that is too bright for night time operations ? 
  that reads like satire , even 20 year old cars have dimmable `` cockpit hardware '' . 
  mine can get low enough that i could fly over syria with no problems , if it was n't a car ... 
  they try but these kinds of crimes do n't leave enough trace to find the criminals . 
  the only way to do something against that is to prevent it in the first place , catching the criminals afterwards is often not possible . 
  is it surprising ? 
  even with double the police personnel , how should they find them ? 
  `` he looked like this , i think '' uh , okay , let 's find that guy that looks like this , or a bit different . 
  has some pro 's , though , firearm deaths are not really an issue in germany . 
  carrying one is limited , though , you need a background check with a clean record , no drug abuse or mental illness . 
  you can not carry them on occasions like festivals or public events , though . 
  it looks like a real pistol but it is firing blanks , optionally filled with cs-gas or pepper inside the 9mm ( blanks ) . 
  it operates like a normal gun just without firing a bullet . 
  it sounds comparable to a real gun and/or uses pepper to blind the attacker . 
  the german term is `` schreckschusspistole '' meaning `` pistol to scare someone with it because it goes bang '', 
  the prices for pepper spray have gone up significantly or are sold out in germany . 
  many gas-pistols are also out of stock . 
  it 's not really about making things illegal , not even the npd is illegal right now , it 's more about politicians and media sources only presenting the issue as two heavy contrasts that it sounds like you either are a good citizen and pro refugees or you 're a xenophobic nationalist . 
  that 's oversimplifying the situation in a counterproductive way . 
  i know many people who do n't have anything against these people in general and would be totally okay with housing 100.000 refugees but not 1.000.000 , it appears that the existence of such a mindset is n't considered . 
  it does n't sound like it 's just directed at comments like `` gas them '' , though . 
   germany had a good governance before hitler ( think ww1 ) the `` deutsche reich '' or the `` weimarer republik '' ? 
  what would have happened if hitler did n't use the power he gained for war ? 
  would this system have been efficient ? 
  i guess it 's hard to say because his propaganda was based on a violent agenda , taking it away could have cost him his position . 
  many turks that i know ( germany ) like him , their families vote for him/his party or they just see his actions as beneficial for turkey . 
  i stopped reading the comments sections of german news-websites a while ago , the same goes for facebook comments , it 's just toxic . 
  people hate each other , hate politics , hate ethnic groups , have semi-non-existent knowledge about legal issues but spit their bullshit anyway ... list goes on and on . 
   alex wellerstein , a historian of nuclear weapons at the stevens institute of technology in hoboken , said that in 1959 , the united states had atomic bombs totaling about ** 20,000 megatons ** . 
  president dwight d. eisenhower pushed to reduce the arsenal , and the tonnage was cut by half over the next year or two , he said . 
   `` he just thought this would lead to the annihilation of the human species , '' mr. wellerstein said . 
  modern thermonuclear warheads often `` only '' have a yield 300-500kt , warheads back then were often about 1 megaton because they were less accurate . 
  the amount of 20.000 nuclear warheads is absolutely insane , the annihilation of the human species was n't even exaggerated , you could have achieved that multiple times . 
  the number of bombs assigned to each target showed they had so many weapons that they could afford `` nuclear carped bombing '', 
  not enforceable but it works as a signal about what 's okay and what 's not . 
  bottles ruin water ? 
  does it really yield a benefit in cost/time effectiveness ?
