  we had such a machine once , it was too cumbersome . 
  germany , bottled water is the norm , at home and at school/university/work the tap water is perfectly fine to drink but it 's just added convenience to have water already bottled and with co2 . 
  like solar panels ? 
  i do n't really see how india could get away from their ridiculous growth in co2 emissions , china is doing quite a lot in nuclear and renewable energy so they are on the right way , india on the other hand ... wow , atmosphere is fucked , we could shut down europe completely and it would n't help in the long run . 
  jericho iii is pretty close to the definition of an icbm , there are n't many confirmed details about that missile , though . 
  it 's getting irrational at times with the german `` feel good mentality '' , we do n't like armed drones because ... drones are evil . 
  that they would do significantly less damage than tornados dropping 500lb jdams is n't obvious ? 
  we do n't even like the us using army/air force bases in germany like ramstein to control their drones because ... reasons . 
  they have icbms with a range of 8000 km equipped with thermonuclear warheads , they can light up quite a bit stuff . 
  they were as backed by the us as their arab enemies were backed by the soviet union , so it kind of evens out . 
  the arabs had really modern weapons like sam-stuff from the soviet union . 
  what 's forbidden is called `` angriffskrieg '' , meaning `` attack war '' , it 's even in our constitution . 
  so exactly what you said . 
  means we can not attack someone because we do n't like them , for example like the us did in iraq . 
  bombing syria would probably be legal since it 's not attacking syrian forces , so it 's not attacking syria but more helping syria . 
  mannheim had also some brawls last week , one today , not sure what they where doing but police everywhere and refugees running without direction . 
  the brawl a few days ago was between about 50 pakistani and 50 syrians each with clubs and stuff , not sure about what , i guess they do n't get along too well with each other . 
  sunni-islam seems to have some pretty explosive individuals compared to shiite-islam and it 's subcategories . 
  what do you think would have happened if the west did n't do anything ? 
  not bombing libya , not arming syrian rebels , do you think europe would be in danger like it now is ? 
  islamists tend to hate `` the west '' which includes most of europe , assad did not pose a threat to europe so i choose assad . 
  and i also have a personal problem with sunni-islamists, 
  sorry i did n't know that , we do n't do it like that in germany , that could offend someone and harm our image . 
  we like getting screwed . 
  the only time we want something in return is when we can give out loans , hoping that we 'll see it someday again with interest . 
  these islamist rebels are `` isis-light '' , slightly less bad and they fight isis because they are a competing party in the war . 
  every party that wants a sharia-state in syria has to be bombed . 
  france used bases in uae and jordan besides their aircraft carrier . 
  why did it took turkey so long to allow the use of incirlik air base ? 
  what was the problem ? 
  turkey had interests that prevented it and they had to be negotiated . 
  they wanted something in return and i have a problem with that , it became too obvious that turkey cares more about removing assad and fighting the pkk than directly fighting isis . 
  who fucked up the middle east ? 
  you should have left them alone , let them fight themselves , they would be too busy to attack us if you did n't bomb the shit out of them multiple times . 
  oh and get your ally saudi arabia , one of the world 's most ambitious sponsors of radical wahabism under control and stop them from bombing yemen . 
  that would be nice . 
  the german public is a bit weird . 
  i studied polical science for two years before switching majors and well , they are not dumb , but ... 
  okay , some of them are but most people are n't really that interested , some people are but are ridiculously loud so many think they are the majority , minorities get silenced because nobody wants to be excluded and so on . 
  yes and they now have the government in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  they suck . 
  cdu would have won without fukushima . 
  why does that comment sound like sarcasm ? 
  the german police itself is okay , i nearly always view them as competent and i do n't fear getting shot by them , which already is a big plus . 
  the thing is , the police gets told from above what they can do and what they ca n't do . 
  it 's the upper authorities that are responsible , not the police force itself . 
  that will be a problem of the next legislative period ... that 's one reason why they do not care . 
  i ca n't wrap my head about the other reasons , though , it seems irrational . 
  germany does not really care about it 's industry anymore , people take their living standard for granted and money grows on trees . 
  which country is stupid enough to hype something like the vw emission scandal that damages the own industry ? 
  trying to be honest and morally superior can be stupid sometimes . 
  germany should be more selfish . 
  welcome to the world of german media , 
  implying facts are relevant . 
  people love circlejerking over topics they have limited knowledge about . 
  people see the headline of an article , maybe fly over the text , think : `` yeah , that sounds somewhat plausible and it fits my personal opinion , it has to be true '' . 
  i stopped watching/reading german media once i realized that it is n't easy to differentiate between serious broadcasting and satire anymore . 
  i prefer international broadcasts and reddit with news related subs . 
  and those milan missiles are one reason why isis could not capture more land in the kurdistan region of iraq , so it prevented more refugees . 
  we all know which countries are responsible for the current situation and it is n't germany . 
  well , i really like that you like us and being naive is not bad , from an outside perspective . 
  it 's just like people take everything for granted . 
  everyone feels secure , endless wealth , robust economy . 
  that it was hard earned and has to be maintained is the problem . 
  for example , funding of universities is too low . 
  the state was always like : `` we have no money , we ca n't give more funding '' . 
  now , expenses regarding refugees is like a blanko check . 
  i 'm not an expert , but i studied 4 semesters political science before switching majors to law , i learned a few things . 
  both in my previous major and in my current major ( as part of public and state law ) our state system is fine . 
  the democratic principles are fine . 
  some people are just annoying and/or stupid . 
  and they vote . 
  it 's their right just as it is mine to be fucking stupid in their opinion . 
  our system does not have to be fixed . 
  people have to stop fucking up shit . 
  sorry , star , i was just trying to participate in our democracy . 
  i voted for cdu but dislike merkels current performance . 
  i dislike it enough to consider not voting cdu again . 
  i will not vote for a party that has xenophobic views , so i do n't know who else to vote for . 
  i 'd rather not vote at all than voting npd , it goes against my morals . 
  afd has already too many `` too right '' people to consider voting them . 
  i 'm german and can confirm this . 
  we 're naive . 
  have fun . 
  greetings from germany . 
  ^ you ^ will ^ like ^ it, 
  even if you 're born in a poor country , you could work yourself to the top and emigrate the normal way . 
  that 's what germany is seeking , `` real '' skilled workers . 
  syria was n't even poor to begin with , you could go to university of damascus or elsewhere , graduate with a useful degree , learn german and apply in germany . 
  i agree . 
  i want to study medicine , but can i ? 
  no , not enough places at university , so they restrict college admission to the ( rough estimate ) top 1 % of high school graduates . 
  i 'm still happy now , i 'm studying law , you can get a well paying job with that as well . 
  nobody is entitled to everything , that 's just how life is . 
  i 'm german and laughing . 
  it had to happen , our society is naive for the most part . 
  we take everything for granted , for example wealth and security . 
  we think our current lifestyle is untouchable , unchangeable , that 's why some people think we can take in as many refuguees as we are taking in now . 
  i do n't hate refugees , we ca n't blame them . 
  i would have done the same .
