and that 's good , would be extremely boring if everyone just drank the same beer , hahaha . 
  it 's a matter of taste , the quality is pretty high , though . 
  normally i drink [ this german beer ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cc0s1vp.jpg ) when at home ( baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ) , when in bavaria you have to drink a beer from there . 
  it 's a shame that it shares the same name as the glorious czech budweiser budvar . 
  i 've do n't see it very often that someone who is german without migration background talks bad about jews . 
  however , most of the muslim people i know have a problem with jews and i do n't mean that they dislike israel . 
  they really mean jews as a religion , not the state israel . 
  that 's true . 
  for example , if the only time you met someone of the gypsies was when they stole something from you , you will most likely have a negative impression about them . 
  that 's not intolerance . 
  nobody has to tolerate getting his stuff stolen . 
  in our daily use , we germans only call it : '' ( kfz ) - haftpflicht '' . 
  we like to shorten some of the ridiculously long words because everyone knows what it means . 
  if you look at some laws , you will find stuff like : `` landesverwaltungsvollstreckungsgesetz '' . 
  just call it `` lvwvg '' . 
  but do n't confuse it with the `` landesverwaltungsverfahrensgesetz '' that we call `` lvwvfg '', 
  take the romanian income-level into consideration and it will look completely different . 
  flawless logic : `` hey , let 's burn these 50k $ bmws that are most likely all completely insured , so everyone has to pay for these 50k bmws '' that 's just as retarded as these anarchists really are . 
  icelandic horse in german is called an `` isl\u00e4nder '' and a person from iceland is called `` isl\u00e4nder '' , too . 
  that 's right , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , southern germany . 
  we call it the `` at-symbol '', 
  i 'm german , what has @ to do with a monkey ? 
  does n't that harm the development of a child or is that a myth ? 
  i heard forcing someone to switch his dominant hand is not a good idea . 
  my grandma thought that potential thieves would be able to observe her house in real time and figure out when she 's home and when she 's not , through google street view . 
  explaining to her that it 's just a snapshot was quite a task and she still insisted in writing to google to have her house removed . 
  was in germany . 
  50 % are not refugees ? 
  really ? 
  that number is insanely high considering its a legal and political nightmare to get them to leave . 
  being called a nazi is a really big deal but people also use it too much , it 's like a `` finishing argument '' , once you 're really pissed while discussing something with someone , call him a nazi and go . 
  people also confuse xenophobia , racism and national socialism , people can be assholes without a political ideology . 
  history lessons emphasize that hitler is basically the worst person who ever lived . 
  the thing with economic growth is n't that true , everything was focused on war and expansion using slave labor and stealing other countries ressources . 
  there really is n't much to be biased about , they do n't say anything positive about hitler since there is n't really anything to tell . 
  some people ( not all ) only see the political world in extremes . 
  you 're either `` good '' meaning you 're open towards immigration because it 's seen as our duty to help people or you 're against immigration which puts you into the right wing extremists spectrum meaning you 're `` evil '' because that 's where the nazis are . 
  people can be against a high number of refugees without being racist but all racists are against immigration . 
  people confuse that . 
  even the suspicion that someone might be `` too far to the right '' could lead to accusations of being a nazi . 
  being accused of being a nazi is one of the worst things that can socially happen to a german . 
  that leads to the clich\u00e9 disclaimer while discussing immigration : `` i 'm not a nazi , but ... '' followed by some argumentation about why we should n't take in so many refugees . 
  if there is a demonstration against the current refugee policy , right wing people will show up . 
  naturally , nazis will show up , too . 
  people do n't want to be seen with them . 
  a violation of gun laws is a felony , carrying pepper spray is only fined . 
  you can not put a shotgun into your purse and it 's overkill , there are good reasons why that 's not allowed . 
  all women in my family are carrying pepper spray once they leave the house because they 've been harassed before . 
  they do n't feel save without . 
   crime rates did rise - by the same amount they would have if we siuddenly had 1 million more germans in germany . 
  crime rate includes all crimes . 
  tax evasion ? 
  crime . 
  having more than 5g of marijuana on you ? 
  crime . 
  fraud ? 
  crime . 
  rape ? 
  also crime . 
  you put all those crimes into a statistic where non-violent offenses count the same as harassment , sexual abuse , rape , assault and others . 
  that 's not what it 's about . 
  people do n't fear the number of tax evasion rising , can you imagine a refugee committing tax evasion ? 
  i do n't . 
   economic impact - actually prognosed to be beneficial , by an insignificant amount it 's accepted that it 's a humanitarian effort , people are not talking about economic benefits anymore . 
  by the way , i 'm german , protesting immigration even if you 're not racist is social suicide . 
  we do n't , we trust the government not to fuck us and hope it works . 
  you can buy and carry pepper spray and cs-gas without needing permission . 
  tasers not legal to buy or carry . 
  what he said is exactly the opposite of what people think in germany . 
  right wing extremists are seen as the by far biggest danger to society . 
  i live in germany , it 's basically a consensus in society that the right wing extremists are much worse than left-wing extremists and islamists combined . 
  i do n't know where you got that misinformation about the people 's opinions in germany . 
  the thing in your last sentence would most likely be forbidden , though , there are laws against nazi-symbolism and `` praising the nazi dictatorship '' . 
  that was ruled by the `` supreme court '' . 
  for the other points you 're right . 
  peaceful protests being attacked by anti-protestors is a problem in germany . 
  the national party ( npd ) has a meeting in a town every year . 
  the people there do n't like that party , neither do i , but although there is a process going on against that party , it is n't forbidden . 
  they want to meet in that town and anti-fascist groups will come . 
  result : anti-fascist groups begin a fight against the police . 
  they come masked and you know they are ready for violence , thinking that it 's justified because it 's against the nazis . 
  that 's not how democracy works . 
  there is an amount of shit everyone has to tolerate for it to work . 
  people have the right to `` do stupid , immoral shit '' as long as it is n't forbidden . 
  you just do n't vote for them . 
  that 's relatively hard to understand for some people , they get a justice boner and forget the principles of our free , democratic society . 
  your augmentation is illogical . 
  you can not fabricate a justification out of this , you 'd be correct if those people were in the process of committing a crime like attacking a refugee home . 
  but even than , preventing that is the duty of the police , it 's called `` gewaltmonopol '' . 
  you do n't need to share pegida 's views to realize that they were exercising their freedom of speech . 
  everyone has the right to do stuff as long as it is n't forbidden , people can be as stupid as they want as long as it is allowed . 
  democracy and freedom of speech are naturally `` uncomfortable '' , that 's how it is . 
  being able to do stuff but also tolerating the other people 's shit as long as it 's allowed . 
  people would demonstrate against it calling it `` inhumane '', 
  ah , yes , now i get what you mean . 
  they did n't differentiate further , did n't they ? 
  like the economic migrants of the economic migrants and the refugees of the economic migrants ? 
  who claimed that ? 
  i 'm also german , i 've never heard that some people think that all refugees are economic migrants . 
  that would mean that those people deny that there is a war in syria , some people are stupid but not * that * stupid ... right ?
