holy shit , you just opened my eyes . 
  everything is different now !, 
  i 'm just saying that these examples are n't relevant in france . 
  his economic policies are definitely right wing ( very liberal ) from our perspective , same for obamacare and his foreign policy . 
  gun control is not even a question on the table in france , the only party that really rejects immigration is fn , drug legalization is n't an accurate indicator of political position ( it actually divides a lot of parties ) , and if `` pro healthcare '' means obamacare this is economicaly far far far right in france ( even fn wants to keep the current healthcare system ) . 
  sanders would be center-left , or at least a moderate socialist . 
  but most of democrats have pretty much nothing to do with french left wing . 
  in france , obama would be considered lr , i 'm not kidding . 
  the us just does n't have a socialist tradition like france have ( and a lot of other europeans countries ) . 
  lr is definity not center right from french standards . 
  do n't think of these with your foreign point of view . 
  with this way of thinking , i could also say that american republicans are far right and that democrats are center right . 
  2006 worst year of my life, 
  both guys were extradited to france where they were freed after two years . 
  not a proud one , but the [ s\u00e9tif and guelma massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a9tif_and_guelma_massacre ) would be up there . 
  even most french people do n't know about it . 
  it was one of the significant factors that lead to algerian war . 
  basically just after the end of ww2 , a lot of algerians protested to have more rights due the important role they had during the war . 
  during one of the riots , a civil was shot by a policeman and things went crazy : 100 french colons were killed . 
  obviously french governement was not happy with that so they bombed algeria madly and killed thousands of people . 
  the death toll varies from 1k to 45k , it was probably around 20k . 
  it 's probably one of the greatest shame of france ( important to note that it happened after `` vichy france '' ) , like all the shit that was done to the colonies it 's a huge taboo so it 's not mentionned anywhere ( never heard of it in history class or on tv ) . 
  even french politicians never officialy appologized for it . 
  [ there 's also the rainbow warrior ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_of_the_rainbow_warrior ) but because there 's quite a lot of aussies and kiwis on reddit , i think it 's a fairly well-known event . 
  basically in 1985 france bombed a greenpeace boat that was protesting against our nuclear tests in the pacific . 
  it was already pretty shitty but it was even more shitty after that : new zealand was furious so france pushed for an economic embargo on them . 
  there was no trial . 
  it 's often described as an act of war of france against new zealand , which it is because it was on nz territory . 
  but wallonia and flanders are not countries . 
  there are very few people in france who vote based on their religion . 
  savages, 
  i 've also been to catholic school , and you 're right : there were muslims , jews , even protestants . 
  we had a `` religion class '' but it was more about `` history of religions '' or `` moral class '' than teaching * les voies de dieu * . 
  everybody was there because it was more prestigious and less crowded than public schools , the education was overall better too . 
  i 'm 20 and almost everyone i know smoke , so this is very strange . 
  i went to canada for a few days and did n't see a single cigarette , and it 's ranked above france . 
  i do n't know how to take this list , because france has obviously a huge problem with smoking . 
  ] ( https://www.nice.fr/en/actualites/inscription-a-la-classe-francais-nissart/mairie?type=articles ), 
  but there 's no catalan minority in france . 
  some people have catalan roots but the only `` catalan identity '' you 're going to find in france is some restaurants and flags in perpignan . 
  you 're right when you say that this is the result of decades of `` cultural cleaning '' , but these days are over since a century . 
  almost every county in france have a different history , had a language at some point in history . 
  for example i 'm from berry , which never had its own region name despite they also have their own language ( berrichon ) and identity , but nobody gives a shit because nobody speak that dialect anymore . 
  i 'm almost certain that every non-parisian french redditor have a similar `` story '' to tell . 
  the governement is n't trying to erase catalan culture , they are n't trying to erase the so-called `` french catalan minority '' . 
  this is n't a minority , those are just a hand of fools who think that because they can say `` hello '' in the dialect that their great-great-great-parents spoke , and because they can cook some local food from the dawn of time , they are a `` minority '' . 
  there 's a fuckton of those kinds of `` minorities '' in france . 
  do n't apply what 's happening in spain to france , both cases have almost nothing in common . 
  i 'm already being downvoted so this was n't such an unpopular opinion . 
  i 'm not going to argue history with some english fucktard who learned ww2 from dad 's army . 
  the worst thing is that i do n't even know if you are trolling , such people actually exist . 
  you can thank the french army for saving your asses in dunkirk otherwise we would be both surrender monkeys . 
  both french and british armies were totally crushed during the battle of france , and if it was n't for the battle of dunkirk , the war could have ended there . 
  hitler had no right to invade poland ( like saddam had no rights to invade kuwait , both premises were very similar ) , he was violating peace and treaties . 
  nobody knew at the time that he could crush france and the uk like he did . 
  do you know how to read ? 
  on this article , le pen and jupp\u00e9 are first . 
  jupp\u00e9 is in the same party as sarkozy , only one of them can be candidate ( unless sarkozy becomes independent , which is very unlikely since lr is his own party ) . 
  what does it means ? 
  sarkozy will not even be candidate , since jupp\u00e9 's going to be . 
  it 's like in the us , no matter how well ted cruz would have done against clinton , he was behind trump so he is n't candidate . 
  the laughable subject will also be completely forgotten by then . 
  if we get a new constitution ( very unlikely for another few years , imo ) , we 're going to have other stuffs in mind !, 
  where did you read that sakorzy was first place ? 
  he is n't even first for the primary of his own party ( les r\u00e9publicains ) , where jupp\u00e9 is far above everyone else . 
  fillon and le maire are just behind sarkozy , who is falling right now . 
  in the left , you have macron , valls and montebourg . 
  hollande is also still a possibility , his term is n't over yet . 
  and also le pen but i do n't see her getting elected , she 's popular among certain people but she 's also very impopular among everyone else . 
  the most likely potential presidents are jupp\u00e9 , macron , le pen and hollande . 
  sarkozy is on par with bayrou and m\u00e9lenchon , which means `` there 's no way '' . 
  to add to what have already been said ( sarkozy has very little chance to be a presidential candidate ) , burkini is just a media trend . 
  when the summer is over , nobody will talk about it . 
  by the time the elections will begin , everybody will have forgotten it , sarkozy included . 
  sarkozy will never be elected president ever again , let alone enforcing the burkini ban since the constitutional council will never let it pass as a law . 
   like i showed east timor which you were dismissing already beats that , is increasing and official . 
  but again , if you go for non-official , i 'm sure uruguay also beats those 30 % . 
   [ ... ]  surely you can get further in uruguay with portuguese than in morocco in french . 
  similarly arguments can be made for argentina or galicia . 
  the official numbers attestat that 32 % of moroccans speak french , and 39 % of the 10 + years old . 
  most of them live in the cities so i think it 's pretty easy to pull through with french in casablanca , for example . 
  i think you underestimate the number of north-africans who speak french , most of the ones who do n't are childrens or uneducated people . 
  like in east timor / macau ( like you said there was ) , there 's quite a huge amount of medias , education , street names , movies , pop culture ... in french . 
  status and importance of french and portuguese are differents imo . 
  french is , like english , some kind of a lingua franca , mostly in africa and in those asian countries i mentionned earlier where it 's used as a diplomatic language . 
  it 's not insignificant that french is called the `` language of diplomacy '' . 
  it 's a language that , despite not being spoken by as many native speakers as portuguese ( for example ) is widely teached and spoken everywhere in the world . 
  portuguese is very important if you want to work in portugal or brazil . 
  but i do n't think you 'll get anywhere in macau and east timor with it , like you 'll never get anywhere in laos with french ( that 's where i disagree about the importance you give to `` official languages '' - for example , algeria and morocco do n't have french as an official language , but it 's still spoken by 30 % of the population , often at a very good level ) . 
  i actually forgot about lebanon but french is spoken there by about half of the population and it 's an asian country . 
  my point was that french is spoken in a lot more of different places that portuguese , counter to what you said earlier . 
  basicaly you can go to paris , montr\u00e9al , alger , port-au-prince , bruxelles , cayenne , beyrouth , kinshasa , madagascar , noum\u00e9a or in the middle of the pacific ocean , and still be able to speak french with a lot of native speakers . 
  something you ca n't really say about portuguese . 
  both languages have different benefits though . 
   and unlike france we are present in asia . 
  that 's actually kind of wrong , since french is still spoken by quite a few peoples in vietnam , cambodia , thailand , laos and pondichery ( among others former colonies ) . 
  there were estimates of around 623k french speakers in vietnam ( for a total population of 89 millions ) , 562k in thailand ( total pop : 68 millions ) , 400k in cambodia ( total pop : 15 millions ) and 150k in laos ( total pop : 6.5 millions ) in 2010 . 
  it 's not widely spoken anymore , and i think a lot of those speakers do n't use it very often or at a poor level , but it 's basically the same in macau ( my numbers are from the official site of the * francophonie * , the international organization of french language ) . 
  french is actually spoken on every continent except for antarctica as a current or former official language ( qu\u00e9bec / ontario/acadie/terre-neuve / st-pierre-et-miquelon in na , haiti/guadeloupe/etc . 
  in central america , guyane in sa , and all of those islands in oceania ) .
