  hollande 's 3 months . 
  french people never expect anything from their nt ( especially in the last few years ) , so reaching the final is always a good surprise for everyone . 
  source : french, 
   english oh shit we are going to lose, 
  and then ea will make a game about it !, 
  [ me and my shitty references ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhcyd5cca7w ), 
  what, 
  why did you leave me ? 
  then it 's revisionism . 
  there 's stupid people in france and in england anyways . 
  especially in marseille . 
  but that worked pretty well that one time !, 
  brits are basically unsuspicious french now . 
  we could invade england and settle there !, 
  strikes are more than ever justified . 
  the government is trying to pass some fucked-up american-way-of-life bill . 
  yes there is . 
  france have ratified the convention on the reduction of statelessness ( which is not the same thing as being nationless ) in new york in 1961 . 
  and what are you planning to do with stateless people anyways ? 
  nobody will want them and you are n't going to put them on an island in the middle of the pacific ocean . 
  i 'm sorry that you think that , because you 're entirely wrong . 
  french people are n't going to be replaced by migrants anytime soon , it 's such a dumb idea . 
  even if the entire population of syria moved to europe ( which is far from being the truth , because a lot of them are staying in syria , turkey or irak for example ) , they would only represent 2-3 % of the entire population . 
  you do n't make a culture disappear like that without a large scale genocide of some kind , and the only people who want to do a genocide of white europeans are isis fighters and they 're a bunch of lunatics who are currently being bombed by the entire planet . 
  the world has experienced most terrifying threats in the past . 
  are you really comparing the situation of native americans with our situation ? 
  you know , they are n't conquering us ( like it was the case in america ) . 
  they are just migrating . 
  populations have been migrating since the dawn of time . 
  ok , so what ? 
  if you do n't care about nationality , good for you . 
   you must admit that we did n't have huge non-european populations here even 50 years ago . 
  and is that a bad thing ? 
  i mean : you even admit that france is built on multiculturalism , so why stop now ? 
  culture should not stop in 2015 , it has evolved for centuries and will continue to do so . 
  it 's a good thing , it takes the best of everything . 
   only when we become a minority in our ancestral land ? 
  but ... we 're not . 
   no one asked me if i was ok with inviting huge amounts of foreigners to france and i did n't personally colonise africa so i do n't feel any responsibility in the taking in of them . 
  because we colonize them , we have a special bound with them ( language , even culture ) . 
  it 's totally normal to welcome them and it does n't hurt anybody in everyday 's life . 
  there were far more crazy killers in the past when there was close to no foreigner in france . 
  even the bad people have rights . 
  the state have a responsibility , and take the nationality of terrorists is giving up on this responsibility . 
  yes and that 's not because you 're a terrorist that you should loose your nationality . 
  so what ? 
  life is n't a mmorpg , you ca n't just change who you are like that . 
  what are they , if not french ? 
  isis fighter is not a nationality . 
  but they are french . 
  a spade should be called a spade . 
  because all french people are nice people ? 
  because all french are the same white christian soreheads ? 
  sorry for the godwin 's law , but french people who collaborated with the nazis did n't turn german overnight . 
  maybe they do n't consider themselves french anymore , but that does n't make them less french : they grew up here , they went to a french school with other french students where they learned french , spoke french and ate french food at the cafeteria . 
  but what is `` french ethnicity '' ? 
  you keep bringing that up but i still do n't know if , as a french , i 'm of that ethnicity . 
  i think frogs legs are disgusting , does that make me something else ? 
  colonialists did n't make the distinction centuries ago when they conquered their lands and said that they were now french property . 
  what is `` french ethnicity '' ? 
  explain to me because i ca n't really grasp the concept . 
  is it eating baguettes and talking shit about the brits ? 
  is it having french ancestors since the 16th century ? 
  if you really knew history , you 'll know that france has always been a multicultural land . 
  i mean : clovis , the `` founder '' of france , was basicaly the ruler of a celtic-roman-germanic puzzle with as many languages as there was regions in his realm . 
  we were conquered by saxons , by arabs and by vikings , we conquered almost half of the countries in europe , africa and america , and had ( or still have ) colonies in asia , oceania and antarctica . 
  i mean , when you look at our history , we kind of asked for diversity . 
  it 's not because ten idiots blew themselves up that your culture will disappear , if this is what you are afraid of . 
  there 's no `` kinda '' when it comes to nationality . 
  you are french or you are not . 
  bilal hadfi , brahim abdeslam , isma\u00ebl omar mostefa\u00ef , samy amimour & foued mohamed-aggad were all 100 % french . 
  french with foreign origins , but still : it was their only nationality . 
  they grew up in france , they spoke french with other french people all their lifes ... at the end , they killed french people but that does n't make them less french . 
  it makes them monsters . 
  bataclan 's guys were french . 
  there 's no french word for `` entrepreneur '' , am i right ? 
  about 80 times since 1958 ( date of the creation of the 5th french constitution where it was incorporated ) . 
  if someone is interested , it 's free . 
  they gave us napol\u00e9on and domestic terrorism !, 
  keeping alive the art of r\u00e9volution !, 
  do you also want corsica ? 
  you cheese-eating traitor monkey !, 
  obviously it was n't very successful in the end . 
  probably valls . 
  could be montebourg , or even hamon . 
  none of them have a chance to win it for the moment though . 
  legend, 
  did n't know that , never heard it in this context , so thanks !, 
  my bad , op, 
  i did n't say m\u00e9lenchon was great , i just said he has charisma . 
  for non-french speakers :  post `` position '', 
   every single french politician bar le pen is uncharismatic so ... m\u00e9lenchon and sarko are both pretty charismatic i 'd say . 
  ok , i understand , i 'm not feeding you anymore . 
  so ... what ? 
  i do n't care about what the hordes of american imperiliasm puppets think about hollywood . 
  it 's like asking a north-korean what he thinks about kim jong-un , and vice-versa . 
  it does n't hurt my feelings , i know that a lot of people outside of france probably have n't seen a french movie in their entire life other than amelie and intouchables . 
  i also know that people that actually care about movies as an art form and not only as an entertainment ( in france and elsewhere ) know what french cinema have brought to world cinema ( like the french new wave , clouzot , cocteau , lumi\u00e8re brothers , m\u00e9li\u00e8s ... ) . 
  godard and truffaut are basically the number 1 inspiration for new hollywood ( spielberg , lucas , coppola , scorsese ... ) , roughly the people who made hollywod what it looks like today . 
  france is the homeland of cinema , we host the biggest festival in the world every year , we are still one of the countries who produce the most feature films every year ( behind some huge industies / countries like india , the us , china , nigeria and japan ) and basically one of the only countries of that list whose movies are actually exported abroad .
