spain 's own apology of fascism at its finest . 
  i feel you would like / r/europics then , which would be a much better fit for this kind of content, 
  yup . 
  no , it 's not . 
  leave us alone , spanish nationalist . 
  me too , me too ... 
  sad . 
  disappointed . 
  i 'll be the first to vote for erc on the plebiscitary elections that i guess will happen next . 
  ( not like i 've ever voted another party haha ) . 
  we still can do it . 
  indeed . 
  my body is ready . 
  fucking clown ... 
  but he was a priest , so ... \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  also the ambulance was used for a few hours after taking her , 
  the point is if you do n't drink it , you get even more tired and headaches . 
  it 's a drug , and they are addicted to it . 
  if protests did n't interfer with anything , they would be useless . 
  that 's the whole point of protests ... 
  i think the local government would be able to organize it, 
  yes , i will . 
  and i think the possibility of the yes winning is there , but i do n't want to get my hopes up too high ... 
  thanks !, 
  ca n't wait to vote !, 
  not really though , the demonstrations organised for this day are officially for independence . 
  you say that as it were a bad thing . 
  only the public ( or semipublic ) one . 
  there are private trackers far better than rutracker . 
  then it should be clarified in the graphic . 
  that 's right . 
  serves me well for searching my sources in english . 
  still , my point stands . 
  that 's wrong . 
  at least in spain . 
  i can get a litre of beer at the supermarket for 0.65 $ . 
  the minimum wage is 648,60 $ . 
  that 's about 997 beers . 
  and i 'm sure i could get it for cheaper somewhere else . 
  fair enough . 
  but a lot of voters will vote while keeping the plebiscite in mind . 
  oops , yeah , i forgot about udc . 
  i 'll add them now . 
  also , c 's is definitely running as plebiscitarian . 
  that 's why they did n't support pp in the impeachment against mas ... psc are also running a plebiscitarian campaign . 
  also udc . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're on about , saying only jxs\u00ed and cup `` believe '' it 's a plebiscitarian elections . 
  why would n't they be ? 
  i also added a link to your description of spanish parties , which i think it 's good enough !, 
  what / u/esbarzer said . 
  also , i mentioned them at the top ( plataforma per catalunya is pxc ) . 
  i said i would n't add them as they 've never had a seat at the parliament . 
  and as esbarzer said again , the anti-immigration and pro-xenophobia niche is being taken by pp as well , with the new candidate . 
  it does worry me a little , but hopefully the electoral campaign will be enough to make sure enough people know which one it is . 
  additionally , the thing you insert in order to vote looks like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/smz8cvr.jpg ) ( first google result , the party in there is irrelevant ) . 
  as you can see , the logo is very prominent . 
  i 'm assuming the `` star '' will occupy most of the square and the name will be small and below the square . 
  jxs\u00ed 's logo has n't been revealed yet , but i 'm pretty sure the `` s\u00ed '' will be very prominent . 
  i also recall them saying they 'd write `` yes to independence '' or something like that to the paper , so it 's pretty clear which one is which . 
  overall , if they manage to do it well enough , i think it can work . 
  most people will know which one is the correct one , and the people who gets confused will be a small minority ( hopefully ... ) . 
  now , if you 're asking me if it 's accidental or done in purpose ... 
  i think it 's mostly accidental . 
  `` barcelona en com\u00fa '' , the current party ruling the city of barcelona , which is pretty much an unofficial sucursal of podemos ( and , as such , csqep ) , shouted a saying during the campaign which was `` s\u00ed se puede '' -  `` yes we can '' ( inspired by obama ... ) . 
  `` s\u00ed que es pot '' is catalan for `` s\u00ed se puede '' , so it probably comes there . 
  but some people do think it 's done in purpose , even though `` junts pel s\u00ed '' 's name was announced later , in order to confuse people and because it was already known the `` junts pel s\u00ed '' coalition would have a yes in its name . 
  either way ... hopefully not . 
  hopefully the campaign is well done enough so most people do n't get confused . 
  i believe most people wo n't get confused , but that 's speculation at the moment as the campaign has n't officially started yet . 
  # catalonia so ... ok . 
  the elections that are coming up are * different * , as in they are mostly plebiscitary ( except if you ask pp , who 'll say they are normal autonomic elections ) . 
  as such , the parties this time are ... different than from the last autonomic elections . 
  so let 's take a look at both . 
  also , i 'll just mention the parties that have at least one parliament seat , because there are a few more that have n't got any ( the most known one being pxc , a xenophobic right-wing party ) . 
  ## last elections ( in order of parliament seats ) - converg\u00e8ncia i uni\u00f3 ( ciu ) - it was a federation between two parties : converg\u00e8ncia democr\u00e0tica de catalunya ( cdc ) and uni\u00f3 democr\u00e0tica de catalunya ( udc ) . 
  converg\u00e8ncia is a liberal , centre-right party in favour of independence . 
  uni\u00f3 is a christian democratic party against independence . 
  - esquerra republicana de catalunya ( erc ) - it 's a left-wing , republican , very pro-independence party . 
  - partit socialista de catalunya ( psc ) - it 's the catalan psoe ( psoe is one of the two major spanish parties ) . 
  they are left-wing and socialist democratics . 
  ( in theory ) . 
  also against independence . 
  their popularity has fallen a lot these past years , mostly because of the independence thing but also because the party is just a shadow of its former self . 
  it has become less left-wing and less social-democratic . 
  lots of important members left . 
  - partit popular ( pp ) - it 's the catalan pp ( pp is the other major spanish party , the one that 's currently ruling in absolute majority ) . 
  right-wing , very against independence , conservative , etc. 
  - icv-euia - federation between icv ( the greens , everyone seems to have them so no need to explain ) and euia ( left-wing , anti-capitalist , pro-feminism , etc. ) . 
  their independentist position dances a bit , sometimes they said yes , sometimes no . 
  they are at least in favour of letting the citizens decide through a referendum . 
  - ciutadans ( c 's ) - those are a bit strange . 
  they started out saying they were centre-left , in favour of the population , etc. 
  - turns out they are as right-wing as pp , albeit a bit more populist . 
  they are relatively new ( around 10 years ) . 
  also against independence . 
  - candidatura d'unitat popular ( cup ) - very left-wing , independentists , socialists , green , feminists . 
  they run their party through direct democracy , allowing all militants to vote their decisions instead of the rulers of the party making them . 
  very popular among the young people ( well , the young people who also are left-wing and pro-independence , of course ) . 
  ## next elections i 'll just note the differences , what changed and their position about independence . 
  their descriptions are above .
