  take a look at his comment history and tell me he 's not in any way racist ,, 
  judging by his comment history , it 's not strange to see him bizarrely focusing on the phrase `` pc '' in this whole ordeal . 
  his agenda is clear . 
  all of these comments are from the first page of his comment history . 
  of course , he has only been a redditor for 17 days , and every single comment of his is on the same subject . 
  he 's probably a returnee . 
   tough luck , the world only cares when it 's white people being racist to other people . 
  -  it 's okay guys , you only get murdered for being white in some areas !, 
  no problems !, 
  -  will we call this genocide ? 
  will we blame all zimbabweans for this , like we do with germany ? 
  why ? 
  -  with the immigration numbers we have now , i think we are more heading towards the third world . 
  -  if low-births is the problem , maybe you should think about investing all that immigration money into supporting parenthood and stimulating having children . 
  this would 've prevented all these problems and be a lot , a lot cheaper too . 
  but hey , that 's not the multi-cultural dream !, 
  -  the thing about these kind of comments is that are always taught how crappy some countries are , and that we should n't go to them . 
  but making their population migrate here is a-okay folks . 
  -  newsflash : white people live in europe . 
  now we ca n't have that !, 
  this article is really disgustingly biased coming from one of the worst countries imaginable . 
  blegh . 
  yet so many people will read it and believe it , especially around their own parts . 
  -  after all the problems we have faced , i wonder what we actually benefited from this multi-cult agenda ? 
  somebody please tell me , because the problems it has caused have never , ever been near the benefits . 
  and they say the right is dangerous , well , i do n't think the right could have ever done this much damage . 
  what is with the title like this ? 
  also , i 'm not sure i get this thread . 
  you 're an american opening a thread in / r/europe to ... what ? 
  ask us to help you counteract pro-russian commentators in / r/worldnews ? 
  that sub is awful anwyay , so why bother ? 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  social-liberalism certainly has * radical * roots . 
  i 've got to admit , i 'm not * too * happy about norway 's placing . 
  i 've taken a look at the `` index '' , though , and it 's pretty far out there . 
  i do n't care for the methodology at all . 
  it is essentially meaningless . 
  sure , but that is very often the very mild kind of religiosity which has an otherwise negligible effect on the structuring of society . 
  you should really just stop responding to him . 
  you do n't even need to take a look at his comment history to realize his agenda , his name should be plenty reason . 
  actually , following the napoleonic wars you guys raided us for ... well , us . 
  and that was only 199 years and eleven months ago . 
  so , there !, 
  the vast majority of norwegians are members of the ( previously ) state church , yet weekly church attendance is at 2 % . 
  of course , nearly everyone automatically became a member at birth , so the high membership means a lot less than it would otherwise . 
  even among people who answer `` yes '' to the question `` are you christian ? '', 
  the church attendance is tiny . 
  ironically , you 're accusing me of acting in bad faith when you yourself are acting in bad faith by assuming that . 
  i did not intentionally interpret your post in any manner at all . 
  i maintain that saying that the nazis certainly did not think the slavs were `` generally fine '' and `` just needed to be ruled over '' is inaccurate . 
  there were plans to intentionally starve off tens of millions of slavs , and they were seen as very nearly as `` degenerate '' as jews . 
  the nazis definitely did not think slavs were `` generally fine '' . 
  checkmate , atheists . 
  or maybe , you know , they do n't get any of their food from slovakia . 
  the colours are just blending in , i 'm pretty sure they did n't think russia was belarus . 
  belarus does n't include russia in this , it 's just that the flag colours blend in . 
  presumably they put the text-box on top of the rest of the map . 
  i imagine it would be really hard to deport a swede , as he could literally drive or walk back across the border . 
  i do n't know what the swedes will think about that . 
  or the australians !, 
   more well known then greece . 
  cant really think of anything useful greece has given the world . 
  the greeks are acting sort of crazy in this thread , but that 's just downright mental . 
  i 'll give you a minute to think about it . 
  did you read his post ? 
  he probably votes for golden dawn . 
  hell , he 's probably a * member * . 
  i heard there 's an opening in the local bar . 
  you 'll fit right in . 
  yeah , no . 
  what kind of bullshit logic is this ? 
  he says we ca n't send back asylum seekers from eritrea because they would be in serious danger , so that means he thinks we should take in * literally everyone in eritrea * ? 
  that 's the debate technique of a twelve year old . 
  there 's a massive difference in partisans from ww1 and ww2 . 
  i agree , you should just stop posting here . 
  win/win . 
   also , i 'm not downvoting you , i promise . 
  i am . 
  i do n't downvote people for disagreeing with me , but i * do * downvote people for saying `` are you thick or something ? '', 
  to someone who is trying to have a genuine conversation . 
  i do n't see how it could ever have been that . 
  that state , even more decentralized than the actual austro-hungarian empire would still be far more of an actual * country * than the eu is even now , and it took several decades for the eu to get to this point . 
  i also do n't see why any other countries would join it , since they had their own countries . 
  stop hating yourself , naurgul . 
  you 're beautiful . 
  so ... what the fuck ? 
  in the eu . 
  i feel like i 'm on repeat :|, 
   history has very little to do with military strategy and especially tactics heh , if you say so . 
  does this mean i have to get rid of all my history books now ? 
  in no way am i stating anything of the sort . 
  people are getting their knickers in a twist without remembering what this conversation is even about in the first place : alaska . 
  and how difficult it would or would n't be for russia to occupy a state of three quarters of a million people spread over a couple of texases . 
  i teach history , so i 'm very well aware of how effective guerilla warfare is . 
  i just do n't think stealingmondays 's gun porn red dawn-esque fantasy would really be that effective if we somehow blundered into a situation where russia could feasibly take alaska in the first place . 
  you win first prize in * missing the point * , but unfortunately these are the the reddit oscars so there 's no time to hear your speech . 
  the russians occupied afghanistan for a decade , and they 've had frequent internal struggles in the caucasus ; i honestly think you 've got a much too romantic view of how things would turn out . 
  you might use your hunting rifle to `` put a big fuckin hole in ivan '' , but then boris would fly his hind in and blow a whole in the ground you 're standing on . 
  sure , but then the russians do have * some * experience in that . 
  it 's not like the climate would bother them altogether much , either .
