  we have to be able to discuss the protests without the instant emotional statement of `` russia is bad '' and `` protesters are good '' , even if that 's what it seems like a lot of the time . 
  i did n't read that thread , but after a quick glance it seems like the ire is more against us involvement in europe . 
  we 're not overly positive to that around here either , to be honest . 
  this subreddit is vastly in favour of the protesters , so i 'm not really sure what you mean by that . 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  we do , but to be fair we * are * totally awesome . 
  back when i thought hyperbole was pronounced hyperbowl , i just thought superbowl was slightly more believable hyperbole . 
  is this irony ? 
   so my theory would be the only truly good guys are those who have rejected and escaped from it . 
  do n't you see how ridiculous that sentiment it ? 
  it 's essentially saying `` roma deserve discrimination , because you have to be a thieving liar to be a roma '' . 
  so , i 'm guessing that in the top right is not , in fact , a large pair of bollocks ? 
  edit : nope , it 's engels ' beard . 
  just looked at the actual link . 
  it 's a little bit strange how every time we have an article on discrimination and prejudice against the roma , we have a top comment where someone details some bad experience with the roma , as if to suggest ... what , exactly ? 
  that , no , they really do deserve being discriminated against ? 
  prejudices are bad , except with gypsies ? 
   ask the danes , and they will tell you that the norwegians are the most insular and xenophobic of all the scandinavians whaaaat ? 
  that 's exactly what we say about the danes !, 
  some of their propaganda is well-constructed , which sometimes pose as the `` controversial '' category on reddit . 
  i have seen some outrageously blatant neo nazi/white supremacy propaganda on here as well , though . 
  as in , 1930s style posters on the dangers of the jews and the black folk , except not from the 1930s ( a common phrase is `` white self hate '' ) . 
  that stayed up for a while , too , though that was before the mods really cleaned the subreddit up , a while back . 
  but who are our `` feminist overlords '' ? 
   that do n't agree with their feminist overlords . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  i 'm starting to think you 've got some kind of agenda . 
  they 've been de-facto independent since 1993 after the [ 92/93 war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_abkhazia_%281992%e2%80%931993%29 ) . 
  they 've just been recognized by russia since 2008 . 
  that 's because `` politically correct '' has taken its rightful place next to `` i 'm not racist , but '' . 
  perhaps that 's not how you use the word , but that 's what it essentially means now . 
  i 'd suggest using another word to avoid any confusion . 
  that 's why it 's so jarring when they let one through . 
  reasonable post . 
  reasonable post . 
  reasonable post . 
  controversial post . 
  reasonable post . 
  hitler did nothing wrong . 
  reasonable post . 
  but enough do to make the others feel comfortable to come out of the woodwork . 
  degree . 
  you soft southern europeans , you mean . 
  texas does n't have the right to secede . 
  it does however have the right to divide into four separate states ( all with their own senators , of course ) . 
  but governments and holy figures alike ( also christian ones ) condemned him seemingly more than they condemned the reaction . 
  nothing unites christianity and islam as well as a non-believer . 
  is n't neo-nazi just another way of saying hitler-hipster ? 
  strange that that site is run by fremskrittspartiet . 
  i guess one indicator of that is the `` kalkulator '' part , where they conveniently list some things they are no doubt for using more of the pension fund on . 
  the vast majority of our investments are abroad , if not all of them . 
  otherwise we might as well be spending the money here , which defeats the purpose . 
  they put iceland too far north , though . 
  they are encroaching on our northernness !, 
  looking at the higher quality map , they do indeed have parts of northern norway labelled as qvoenes . 
  that 's not the name of the land , though , it 's the [ kven people ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kven_people ) . 
  that 's even stranger than if it was all sami ( `` lapp '' ) , since the kven are an even smaller minority in norway . 
  certainly there was never any majority of people in that area that is labelled in norway . 
  i guess that 's an inherent issue with ethnographic maps , if you want to account for minorities you 'll have to misrepresent the data just a little bit . 
  still makes for a pretty and somewhat useful map , of course . 
  heh , i guess they made that `` northern norway is sami '' mistake a hundred years ago too . 
  nice map , though . 
  did n't you learn english in school before 2011 ? 
  i was taught english from third grade , and a third language from eight . 
  these days they learn english from first grade , like in poland . 
  yeah , that too , but i 'm sure i read something about a similar swedish event which also helped inspire the red wedding . 
  i think the red wedding is partially based on something that happened in sweden , actually ? 
  that said , i think this cave gold idea of yours has some merit . 
  let 's not forget about siv ... 
  i know she wo n't let us . 
  we own more than 1 % of all the stocks in the world , so it 's not exactly being run terribly . 
  i also do n't think have an ethical approach to what you invest in is a bad thing , even if investing in those would earn you more money . 
  we 're also relatively high on most ease of doing business scales , so there 's no disaster there either . 
  yes , it 's simplistic to say it is all about the oil . 
  well we speak norwegian , and then we 've got a bunch of dialects for it . 
  some dialects are quite hard to understand for other people , but that 's the same in every country i assume . 
  perhaps , but the good folks over at / r/linguistics do n't seem to think very highly of this map in the first place . 
  they have no speakers , and do n't really have any bearing on what words people use every day . 
  very little , if at all . 
   normandy are normans and so , technically danes . 
  hey now , let 's go with norse . 
  eu economy guide , more like . 
  tordenskjold would have cried in norwegian , though . 
  we 'll think about it . 
  you should have treated us better when you had the chance !, 
  well , that too . 
  but really we 're just more similar to sweden . 
  iceland , and possibly sweden . 
   but skinheads represent the right wing , right ? 
  do you just decide to make up stuff on the spot , or do you have premade straw-men ready for use ? 
  he never said anything about them representing the right wing . 
  in fact , he even said that there * was no * right-wing demonstration , but some nazis trying to scare people . 
  if you then draw the connection from right wing to nazism and feel insulted by that , i 'm afraid that 's your problem . 
   1976 hit by a car . 
  i do n't even ... 
   to attribute the 2nd world war to anything other than german aggression and the failure to prevent germany rearming is batshit insane . 
  this is the worst historical analysis of world war 2 i have ever seen . 
  welcome back to the victorian era , britain . 
   mods have no moral right to do so do n't be naive , the mods have the right to do whatever they want . 
  subreddits like / r/europe need moderation .
