  besides , they received 16 % of the votes , so they hardly disprove my point . 
  i would n't expect you to understand ; the multi-party system must be awfully confusing to you . 
  obama is a little bit too right-wing for us norwegians . 
  no , but i may be drunk . 
   did you vote for ** obama ** because he is black , or because you bought into his ** socialist demagoguery ? 
  ** are you drunk ? 
  our high price levels are well enough compensated by our very high income levels . 
  and we probably could abolish all oil and petrol taxes , but we do n't want to . 
  we could use that money for a lot of things , but we wo n't . 
  there 's a reason we put the vast majority of our profits back into the government pension fund ( the oil fund ) , and every single political party agrees with it . 
  one party thinks we should allow for a slightly higher percentage of the investment revenue to be allocated in the budget , but that 's about it . 
  if you think this is some `` socialist '' scheme , you 're simply wrong . 
  do you mean petrol ? 
  we have n't nationalized the entire petroleum industry , we could n't just give away petrol . 
  in any case , our taxes on petrol were there long before electric cars and will stay there as long as we use it . 
  troms\u00f8 does n't get very cold at all . 
  the coldest ever recorded temperature is something like -18 degrees celsius . 
  finnmark definitely gets very cold , though , not to mention svalbard . 
   if you did n't tax oil so heavily , you could have the cheapest fuel in europe . 
  that makes zero amounts of sense . 
  i do n't think you understand ad hominem . 
  medborgaren is not saying that garathon 's views are irrelevant because he posts in a ridiculously racist subreddit . 
  he is pointing out that garathon is being a hypocrite when he himself talks about how something `` tarnises sweden even further . '', 
  that said , the fact that he posts in that subreddit absolutely does mean that i will disregard anything he says about anything else . 
  well , technically the soviets invaded norway during ww2 , it was just more of a liberation thing than an invasion . 
  counterpoint : americans . 
  okay , you 're entitled to your view . 
  i 'm not quite convinced yet about what you are , but i 'll hold off on the stormfront accusations . 
  you 've only been back a month , are you already forgetting what you 've said ? 
  are you really going to pretend like it 's an outrageous claim to suggest you would talk about white guilt when this was your very first post ? 
   you can be sure the chinese wo n't make the same mistakes the brits made though . 
  they do n't hate themselves enough yet . 
  probably never will . 
  here 's another classic :  well as a man once said : civilizations die from suicide not murder . 
  hating your self is the first step . 
  god forbid you are proud your country is clean and safe because your ancestors made it that way . 
  is this where you start telling me about white guilt ? 
  you can act all offended , but we all know that you are someone who had an account and left or was banned for your views , and then came back . 
  whether you 're stormfront or not is really not that interesting , since your agenda is clear for all to see regardless . 
  it is n't . 
  i know we sometimes joke about being brigaded by stormfront , but it would n't surprise me one bit if iamoforange is a member . 
  his comment history makes that very likely . 
  we 've had periods in this sub 's history where we provably were being brigaded , and the mods had to step in . 
  we 've also got a bunch who probably are n't quite up to stormfront levels , but still like to complain about multiculturalism or how you 're only allowed to be racist against white men . 
  i do n't think people realize iamoforange is a returnee , who no doubt was either banned or left because he could n't take the downvotes . 
  his agenda is clear . 
   ftfy ftfy, 
   switzerland is the eu 's second biggest partner by trade volume . 
  that means the eu gets more money and more things by trading with switzerland than with china . 
  while the rest of your point may be correct , this is not . 
  the trade volume between the eu and china is roughly twice as large as the one between the eu and switzerland . 
  you 're also behind russia . 
  well , that probably wo n't last . 
  it 's a bit unnecessary , though . 
  epic comeback . 
  hey , fun fact : i 've seen more of the sun than you have this summer . 
  `` the black people of europe '' is such an incredibly stupid phrase . 
   this is quite stupid . 
  i completely agree . 
  you guys imprison a lot more people than china . 
  probably so , yes . 
  historically the ` no ' side has been stronger , but they were only separated by a few percentage points in both the 1972 and 1994 referendums . 
  that said , faith in the eu has taken a heavy hit the last few years , and it 's probably going to take a while to get over . 
  the problem is , we 'd have very little influence . 
  we 're the smallest nordic nation ( excepting iceland ) . 
  ironically it 's probably what allows us to get away with , in our own minds , being part of the efta and accepting most eu legislation while having zero say in it . 
  because if we were in the eu proper we would have somewhat less control of our own country and a tiny bit more influence in the legislation . 
  truth is , there are a lot of reasons why we 're not in the eu . 
  a lot of it probably has to do with agriculture and fish , potentially some to do with gas and petroleum , and some to do with monetary politics . 
  right now the norwegian krone is considered a very safe , stable currency , which we 're not keen on giving up . 
  maybe that changes in a few years , but at the very least the eu will have to get over its current bump for that to be likely . 
   the only arguments i 've seen from norwegians here is that `` eu will take our oil '' which is just ... poorly informed , the eu does not have that competence or power . 
  i doubt that , or you have n't been looking very well . 
  you ca n't possibly think an entire country 's discourse on the eu boils down to `` they 'll take our oil . '', 
   it 's not like the eu has been a bad affair for the other nordic countries . 
  perhaps , but it 's not like being outside of the eu has been a bad affair for us . 
  calling it a `` horrible result '' is such hyperbole as rendering the entire discussion meaningless . 
  i think it 's more than just a bit hyperbole . 
  maybe it 's different down south , but i grew up around farms ( but still close to a town , because , you know : norway ) , and they were all fairly large scale . 
  i think we 're a good few years removed from a micro farm situation by now . 
  you 're right though , we 'll need to see where this government takes us . 
  they 're not really a swiss family any more , though ? 
  they 're american . 
  it 's * pretty * important . 
  it 's not so important as when nearly all men in northern norway were fishermen , but it 's still pretty important . 
  it 's less about being neglected , and more about being a country consisting largely of mountains and coastlines . 
  we could never become nearly as efficient as denmark , germany or ukraine , no matter how much we modernized . 
  if we want to have a semblance of a national food self-sustainability ( and whether we do or not is the big question ) , we have to subsidize . 
  we already spend about as much ( or little ) of our income on food as most western european nations , and less than most of the southern and eastern european ones . 
  the government party that has the prime minister in norway , h\u00f8yre ( conservatives ) , are a pro eu party . 
  actually , the previous one - arbeiderpartiet ( labour party ) - are too . 
  the other government party does n't have an official position on it . 
  the rest of the parliament has more anti than than pro stances , but those are usually the smaller parties . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure the norwegian parliament has had a fairly large pro-eu majority for many years now , with occasional gaps . 
  but since eu membership has ( nearly ? ), 
  never had a majority in the population , and since norway has rejected membership twice by popular vote ( 1972 and 1994 ) , no political party would ever use their parliament majority to get the process going again . 
  at least not until a clear majority of voters support it . 
  right now the `` no '' side has somewhere between 60 and 75 % support , which would mean political suicide for any party doing more than just letting their pro eu position be known . 
  [ yeah ... 
  if you could just go ahead and take another look at that map , that would be great .
