  no matter what happens i think a lot of people are getting sick of the owner of norwegian . 
  your norwegian link is actually wizzair , but that 's fine because norwegian is actually in the middle of a massive strike that may or may not end up shutting the entire thing down eventually . 
  at least people flying from scandinavia should avoid it . 
  i never said it happened for no reason . 
  i already explained that the reason has to partly do with the growth of nationalism during the reign of those who came * after * . 
  if the eastern roman empire had been around in the 19th century and controlled the balkans , it too would have been vilified , whether justly or not ( and that is in the eye of the beholder ) . 
  besides , traditions and stories do n't really describe the historical reality very well . 
  we have a tradition in norway of celebrating ( not literally celebrating , he does n't have a holiday or anything like that ) saint olav , who became king of norway and worked to convert it to christianity . 
  of course , at the time he was despised by large parts of the country , and for good reason . 
  the point i 'm making is n't that the eastern roman empire was bad , or even that the ottoman empire was n't . 
  it 's that there are historical facts that get ignored in the light of nationalism and religious differences , in favour of either romanticized or vilified portrayals . 
   you see when was byzantium ( roman empire actually , byzantium is a new and western term ) here , it was synonymous with `` civilized '' . 
  despite what piwikiwi already said about eastern roman persecution . 
  that is precisely my point . 
  the romanticization of eastern roman rule does n't really have any red line running through it to actual history . 
   yet in all the european lands of the byzantium empire , people remember it fondly even after all these years . 
  they do n't remember it , because it 's been gone for five and a half centuries . 
  they `` remember '' an idolized counterweight to all the bad things they put on the rulers who followed them . 
  it 's the same process that leads to russians `` missing '' stalin , because they have this romantic idea of russia as a country to be feared and/or respected , while recent years have seen a russia that is in decline . 
  the reason everyone has worse `` memories '' of the ottoman empire is n't because it was necessarily worse , it 's because it 's more recent , and because it happened to be the ruling entity at the time when nationalism grew throughout europe . 
  cheers , love . 
   swastika in my culture symbolises the wheel of life . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was randomly generated ? 
   the fuck swastika you are talking about , you fucking wincer shit ? 
  -  my name is a random number generated by a computer program . 
  why ? 
  so , when people glance over my name they wo n't memorize it and stalk my account . 
  people remember numbers much harder than they remember words . 
  but yeah , i 'm sure you 're just a regular / r/european poster who randomly on purpose made your username a swastika because you 're all about the wheel of life . 
  it is the xenophobia that makes them do it !, 
  we must crack down on these nazi scum right away !, 
  -  actually brought a tear to my eye . 
  this what we need to secure a future for european children . 
  -  do n't use racial slurs . 
  keep the language nice . 
  you will only hurt our cause , if you start ranting like a maniac . 
  ( that one is particularly funny coming from mr. swastika over here ) -  the jew fears the samurai . 
   based . 
  sure , but then you already decided on making your reddit user name a swastika , so you 'd certainly think he was brave . 
  i know mate , i was referring to this :  it should also be noted that real monkeys do n't produce uniformly random output , which means that an actual monkey hitting keys for an infinite amount of time has no statistical certainty of ever producing any given text . 
  is that message `` do as i say , not as i do '' ? 
   use your adult words , tone down the condescending tone should have given that one a bit more thought . 
  the vandals were around 1500 years ago . 
  either everyone has vandal roots , or no one does . 
  fair enough , although this is the first `` proper '' ( heh ) coup since the end of the cold war . 
  only ? 
  a military coup in a nato country , and turkey in particular as the gateway to europe and/or the middle east , is a terrible precedent to set . 
  which banned racist shit 's new account are you , then ? 
  where did you put your rubbish ? 
  oh , i thought it was yugoslavia . 
  abdicated , i believe you were saying . 
  it 's an interesting contrast to the american system , with its focus on the separation of powers . 
  there is of course some of that in the british system as well , but just like in norway the parliament really does have `` the power '' . 
  a `` famous '' ( as such things can be ) quote regarding the norwegian storting is `` all power in this hall '' . 
  of course , the situation was somewhat different to the british one , with norway being the lesser partner in a personal union with sweden , and using the parliament to oppose the king . 
  hey , we live here do n't we ? 
  we 're practically human . 
  i 'm in . 
  nor was the nazi swastika always at an angle , as some people insist . 
  b\u00e5huslen * a bohusl\u00e5n is a l\u00e5n you get from [ bohus ] ( https://www.bohus.no/ ) . 
  only if we get ikea . 
  it 's a dogwhistle . 
  for most people the phrasing is just perplexing , but for his ilk it 's very clear what he actually means by rothschild banker . 
  norway is almost entirely islands and mountains . 
  we 've got plenty cliffs . 
  sure , if by `` economic recovery '' you actually meant to say `` ruining the country 's entire economy to such a degree that it was constantly under imminent threat of total collapse , only temporarily maintained by pillaging more successful economies '' . 
  you did mean that , did n't you ? 
  that 's my favourite part about nazi germany , actually . 
  the entire system was so mismanaged that even if they * had won * the war , [ which they did n't ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zyfbmrs.jpg ) , it would have promptly deflated like a dumb nazi balloon . 
  as to that other thing ...  the nazis entered this war under the rather childish delusion that they were going to bomb everyone else , and nobody was going to bomb them . 
  at rotterdam , london , warsaw , and half a hundred other places , they put their rather naive theory into operation . 
  they sowed the wind , and now they are going to reap the whirlwind . 
  found the literal fascist . 
  fascism , the ideology so great it turned germany from a world power to the fifth strongest power in berlin . 
  labour are centre-left . 
  just so we 're clear , norway is n't grey because there 's no data . 
  it 's just grey . 
  to be honest , the beginning of the article does n't exactly give me much hope for the rest of it . 
   '' the hour has come to exercise our right to self-rule , '' says artur mas , catalonia 's president , sounding like a 19th-century statue of a nationalist hero on horseback . 
  ironically , the writer himself just essentially did what he accused the president of doing , producing a sweeping , grandiose statement just for the sake of it . 
  he was probably giddy with himself when he realized he could bring out his `` nationalist hero on horseback '' line . 
  and that 's all it is ; a line . 
  looks like a mantis . 
  more likely , the chinese and indians ( and everyone else ) will be having * less * kids . 
  it 's very much connected to general level of wealth . 
  it was cs long before that , 
  exactly . 
  muslims who wanted to were already wearing the hijab , they were just wearing a traditional coloured one . 
  now it matches the rest of the ensemble . 
  it 's a complete non-story . 
  really ? 
  only 17 % , from what i can tell . 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
  he 'll be universally hated forever . 
  the reason we `` sort of '' forgive things that happened a very long time ago is that the world was a very different place . 
  i mean , the vikings were some real assholes . 
  slavery , rape , pillaging defenceless people . 
  hitler happened in the more or less modern world , though . 
  you ca n't make the excuse that he could n't know that he was being a dick .
