  i do n't think alaska would turn into the new afghanistan , to put it like that . 
  i do n't know why you think that , but i 'm fairly sure you 're misreading it . 
  `` woman '' and `` man '' are very commonly used in english when one refers to the entire gender , which is particularly evident in the writings of philosophers and thinkers . 
  similarly , `` man '' is often used when referring to mankind as a whole . 
  if he had said `` woman and man should live in harmony '' he would n't have meant that any specific woman or man should live in harmony , or that every individual woman should live in harmony with every individual man , but that the genders as a whole should live in harmony . 
  what an incredibly fucked up response . 
  orthoxerox does not represent russia . 
  he does not represent russia 's conflict with the west or former soviet states . 
  if he represents russia and all its past and present crimes , does that mean you represent all the bad things your country has undoubtedly done in its history ? 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  i know americans like to pretend their guns are keeping them free from governments , domestic and foreign , but let 's be honest here and admit that hunting rifles in alaska would have essentially zero effect on russia 's ability to invade the state . 
  he 's talking about women as a gender . 
  if * women * - the group , not every individual woman - take part in the labor force on equal terms to men , then a society is socialized and women and men are equal . 
  okay , but then you 're also going to have to give the term `` cultural marxism '' to 8 hour work day , sick benefits , unemployment benefits , maternity leave , etc. 
  it 's not all about homosexuality and abortion . 
  jesus christ , would you listen to yourself ? 
  hey , i 'm all for a union between norway and sweden . 
  was wales involved ? 
  i ca n't remember the last time it was dark . 
   does n't that seem like a good thing for a country though ? 
  why would you want your country 's laws to be made by people that have never even lived there ? 
  our system is n't perfect but it 's alright . 
  sure , but that line of reasoning extends logically further than i suspect you would be comfortable with . 
  why would people in scotland , wales and northern ireland have their laws made by people that have ( largely ) never lived there ? 
  maybe it could be taken even further . 
  why would people in manchester and liverpool want their laws to be made in london ? 
  and you * are * already accepting laws and following directives made by the eu . 
  it even sounds vaguely scandinavian . 
  heh , i did a game like that , but i got bored right around baghdad and never finished it . 
  i felt properly patriotic . 
  findenwayden . 
  hey hey hey ... 
  let 's be fair , now . 
  there was only a minor thirteen centuries gap between the fall of the western roman empire and the next time italy was unified . 
  by the time year 3000 comes around i 'm sure the uk is well on its way to debating implementing the euro . 
  you may say that , but that would be completely on the basis of your on bias . 
  the article , the quotes in it and the youtube video linked certainly do not support that interpretation . 
  considering half the population of the us believes in creationism , i 'd say it has spread already . 
  strange time to make that argument , considering there were apparently * actual * fascists around the corner in this instance . 
  but i guess you could n't let it remain unsaid . 
  a lot of elderly norwegians move to spain when they retire , either permanently or part of the year . 
  a lot of them live in entirely norwegian communities . 
  a lot of them vote for the biggest anti-immigration party in norway . 
  do you people never get tired of signing up new accounts on reddit so you can keep spouting your nonsense ? 
  what 's the matter , could n't take the downvotes on your old account ? 
  you 're not exactly putting the `` pride '' in `` white pride '' , are you ? 
  i hate foreigners . 
  luckily there are none on / r/europe . 
  as ridiculous as it is , that is actually how some people think . 
  that it 's not racism because the roma * deserve * it , somehow . 
  we do , but it 's not a very ... important tradition . 
  you did n't say `` i hate islam '' , though , you said `` i hate muslims '' . 
  yeah . 
  fairly mild climate , though . 
  the lowest recorded temperature in troms\u00f8 , which is a bit further north , is something like -18 degrees celsius . 
  it gets a bit colder here , but not much . 
  summers are hit and miss . 
  harstad , bit shy of 69 degrees north . 
  i guess we do sort of celebrate it , but on the other hand the sun has n't set for about a month , and wo n't for about another month , so there is n't really much difference . 
  in the eu *, 
  great choice , 
  i 'm a teacher , and my summer vacation just started . 
  i 've got to do something with my time , and it 's not like i 'm going to go out and be social !, 
  are you sure it 's beggars you do n't like , or is it [ roma ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/28g7py/roma_boy_left_unconscious_after_being_savagely/ciars6y ) ? 
   i , for one , would love to exterminate all the parasitic elements of their culture . 
   make of that what you will . 
  how interesting that you have been on reddit for a whole 13 hours , yet already know to get yourself country flair on / r/europe . 
  maybe you 've been here before ? 
  maybe you were even banned , or outed as an extremist ? 
  this comment in / r/ukrainianconflict regarding the death of civilians and the harming of children makes me think i 'm right :  i 'm not sorry for their death . 
  all true ukrainians have already withdrawn from the city . 
  well , technically norway is one of the easternmost countries in europe . 
  we 're just happy to be included somewhere . 
  you 're 6th . 
  i have never heard that before , but `` brygge '' means something like dock in norwegian , so that actually sounds likely . 
  the domination by denmark and sweden only really started after the black death , which hit us pretty hard and essentially wiped out or nobility . 
  we were pretty cool in the viking age , though . 
  wikipedia is pretty good for `` should look into it '' subjects . 
  i know i 've looked up belgium a few times , since it 's got an interesting history ( and also i 've had family living in the netherlands , so i 've visited belgium ) . 
  faster . 
  scooter . 
  we knew there was oil somewhere in 1963 , but we did n't actually find ( or start bringing it up ? ), 
  before 1969 . 
  interestingly , the figures for the 70s do n't really have norway really improving much in the `` ranking '' . 
  i guess the oil effect was a little bit slow in really showing . 
  i guess i 'm just a fan of the nordic model . 
  i do concede that the only reason we are so far ahead ( relatively ) of the other nordic countries is almost solely the oil and gas . 
  but then sweden had other resources from the 1800s , so it 's only fair :p also , we were the junior partner in a personal union under both of them , so i just consider it our severance package . 
  edit : i could n't find figures for the 1950s . 
  i would speculate that in the early 50s we were n't terribly well off , since it 's only a few years removed from german occupation . 
  i do n't think it 's stretching it at all . 
  according to the figures of the world bank ( which may not be complete , but still give a good indication ) , this was norway 's situation gdp per capita in the 1960s : - 1960 : 9th - 1961 : 10th - 1962 : 11th - 1963 : 12th - 1964 : 12th - 1965 : 11th - 1966 : 12th - 1967 : 12th - 1968 : 12th - 1969 : 12th it 's not comparable to today , obviously , when we 're consistently in the top 3-4 , but it 's a damn sight closer than the common perception that norway was poor or even just average . 
  i guess it depends on how many countries you think can be in front of you before you 're not one of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  i mean , the lists for the past few years have had countries like denmark , sweden , netherlands , canada , etc around 10th-12th at one point or another , and i 'd definitely call them among the world 's wealthiest countries . 
  considering norway also had one of the very highest life expectancy rates in the entire world in the 1960s , and as your source says very low unemployment , i do n't think it 's really unfair to call it one of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  perhaps `` best off '' countries in the world would have been more precise , though . 
  fun fact : norway was one of the wealthiest countries in the world before discovering oil . 
  fun fact : we are now wealthier , because oil is really rather expensive . 
  we 'll buy the entire restaurant with our magnificent nordic economies . 
  well yeah , we elected him .
