  you 're probably a descendant of gorm the elder yourself . 
  it would have been much closer if not for the fear that choosing a republic would anger the great powers of europe and risk their support for our independence . 
  all true , which is why i 'm not making a very big fuss about it . 
  i do think that we should have no inheritable position of state power - even ceremonial power - in norway on pricinple , though . 
  imagine if when king harald started having children it was like it is now , with no gender discrimination in the succession to the throne . 
  we would have ended up with m\u00e4rtha louise as queen . 
  i shudder to even think about it . 
  it does n't hold some countries back , notably the ones where the monarchs do n't have any actual powers . 
  and then there 's saudi arabia . 
  it always strikes me as funny when people point at countries like norway , wealthy countries with monarchies , and go `` hey , maybe there 's something to this monarchy thing . '', 
  the monarchy has absolutely nothing to do with way the norway works , since the monarchy has had next to no actual power ever since the dissolution of the union with sweden . 
  in fact , a very large part of the reason for the dissolution of the union in the first place was the very real powers of the swedish king . 
  another recent survey about this put the number at 65 % , which , while it may sound very high , is 10 % lower than just two years ago . 
  considering the huge focus on the 200-year anniversary for our constitution , that is a surprisingly large fall . 
  we 've been lucky , in that we 've had fairly benign monarchs and royals ( except for crazy angel-seeing she-who-must-not-be-named ) , but i do n't see it lasting for the duration of my life . 
  it would n't surprise me one bit if haakon becomes norway 's last king . 
  huh . . 
  i do n't know that !, 
  apparently they claimed he was a left-wing militant who was harassing the under-secretary . 
  sounds likely . 
  deep down they 're all cowards . 
  and sometimes not so deep down . 
  firefox history to the rescue . 
  your comment history is funny . 
  are you a 1930s time-traveller ? 
  considering another article has the headline `` more than one in four adults are `` deeply infected with anti-semitic attitudes , '' '' i 'd be careful to draw conclusions based on that . 
   basically abuse is imho not so important as to comdemn kids to a fluid environment every time a parent feels kinda not fully happy in their relationship . 
  is this centre-right or right-hook ? 
   yes but the soviet army was equipped , supplied , and fed by the us . 
  that is absolutely not true . 
  the us certainly did not have ten times the industrial capacity of the soviet union , either . 
  lend lease was already a big enough deal that there 's no need to exaggerate it . 
  this `` the us had the industry and technology , the soviets had the manpower '' thing is a great oversimplification . 
  by 1943 the soviet army was both larger and stronger than the german one . 
  i know it 's popular to think of the soviet army as large , disorganized , poorly trained and poorly equipped , which is certainly true for the first part of the war , but by 1944 the red army was a fairly well-oiled , experienced and well led army supported by a massive industrial base . 
  by that time they were definitely not any worse off than the wehrmacht . 
  it 's true that the germans were fighting two fronts , but let 's not forget that the vast majority of germany divisions , and certainly * experienced * divisions , were fighting on the eastern front . 
  obviously things would have been radically different if we posit an alliance between germany and the western allies in 1942 or 1943 , but that 's an incredibly unlikely scenario since the british were n't in any way interested in peace with a germany that still thought it was winning ( or had the chance to win ) , because it meant essentially abandoning the continent to them . 
   berlusconi yesterday attacked `` biased '' judges . 
  `` [ the rulings ] are what the left has tried to do to me since ` 94 , '' he told ansa news agency . 
  just shut the fuck up already . 
  certainly , but i think you 're underestimating the size of the soviet army and industry base at that point . 
  after 1943 the germans were going to lose , western front or no western front . 
  and it would be beyond reasonable counterfactual history to think that there was any chance of a peace between germany and the western allies that early . 
  * maybe * at the end of 1944 or early 1945 , but by then it would n't have made much of a difference . 
  certainly nothing so much as making a war by the allies against the soviet union feasible . 
  i know . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by germany and russia , here . 
  are you suggesting that if the allies let up at the very end of the war , germany would somehow be able to put up any resistance against the allies ? 
  if so , i 'd say you 're mistaken . 
  the vast majority of the fighting took place on the eastern front in any case , and by the time any such switch could have occurred the germans were in full disarray . 
  the new allies would certainly not have total air superiority in europe . 
  the soviets also had a vastly larger army . 
  they would never have been able to invade the us , but the entirety of western europe would be occupied before long , meaning they the cities of western europe would also have to be the targets of nuclear bombs if they wanted to use that advantage to full effect . 
  it 's a ridiculous scenario , though . 
  war directly after world war 2 was unthinkable , from both sides . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  you 're lowering yourself to his level and answering like with like . 
  his comment might be ludicrous , but so is yours . 
  i know , i meant population . 
  they ai n't no china , though . 
  is poland 's logo a person holding a microphone ? 
  really ? 
  is / r/sweden the / r/funny of nation-subs ? 
   i ca n't see how the kid would turn out not gay did you really just type that ? 
  good grief . 
  i do n't think you read the article . 
  well i do n't want to give the impression it was * justified * , just that there were legitimate concerns regarding the treatment of czechoslovakia and what it meant for the prospects of war between germany and the soviet union . 
  i 'm a history teacher , and to be fair i do n't think it was ever really brought up by * my * history teachers either before i went to study it . 
   they did ? 
  really ? 
  they doomed europe to years of fascism by signing the ribbentrop-molotov pact and therefore allowing for this war to get so massive in the first place . 
  then they were betrayed and defended themselves . 
   the problem is n't what followed , the problem is that they were an ally of germany . 
  ally , that planned to conquer the world together with the fascists . 
  first of all , the `` planned to conquer the world together with the fascists '' line is clearly mental , and has no place in serious historical discussion . 
  secondly , the reason for the ribbentrop-molotov pact was the percieved selling out of their allies ( czechoslovakia and possibly poland ) by the western powers to avoid war with germany or to push germany to war against the soviet union . 
  whether the response was legitimate or not , the concerns were legitimate . 
   and england at the time only a hundred years removed from being a roman colony . 
  do you mean six hundred ? 
  culturally more french than norwegian , absolutely . 
  but they were only a couple of hundred years removed from being ethnically scandinavian . 
  indeed i do . 
  sure , but ours was acceptable in the scientific world first . 
  so bagsies . 
  it 's aluminium in my language , and in most other languages , as well as being the accepted word for it in science . 
  it just ai n't right . 
  yes , because i do n't think most people are stupid . 
  i also think most people are a lot better informed than they have been at any other point in the history of democracy . 
  nothing . 
  nothing at all . 
  that 's actually a lot higher than even i thought . 
  i did know we had one of the highest , possibly * the * highest , life expectancy rates in europe . 
  that edit now makes it look like i 'm * really * excited about aluminium . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  ~ $ 600 billion at the moment . 
  it 's common knowledge that norway was a poor nation with low quality of life before we found the oil , but this is just one more time common knowledge is wrong . 
  we obviously were n't where we are now , with the very high income level ( and cost level ) , but we were fairly well off . 
  besides , as you say , it 's not like we 're suddenly going to run out of energy in the span of a fortnight . 
  we always knew this was coming .
