  there is . 
  perhaps the worst post i 've seen on here was a picture of a nazi ( or neo nazi ) propaganda piece with the crudest jewish stereotypes ( as well as the crudest african stereotype , and the `` self-hating '' white liberal stereotype ) . 
  there is . 
  it 's just it 's a little bit too obvious what kind of scum they are if they go into that type of post . 
  i get your point , but i 'm not entirely sure about that . 
  i do n't think most people are racist . 
  at least the `` common theory '' for a while was that the subreddit was ( is ? ), 
  being targeted by white nationalists . 
  i am not exaggerating when i say that comments have been upvoted heavily that would fit in very well at stormfront . 
  luckily , most of the time the forces of reason win . 
  there 's also been some truly vile racist images being posted , with the kind of so-outrageous-it-almost-becomes-silly kind of propaganda you would expect nobody that did n't live in 1930s germany could take seriously . 
  those have usually been deleted pretty quickly . 
  i 'm not giving up on us quite yet . 
  ironically ( perhaps ) the jew hate is n't very prevalent . 
  i guess it would be a little * too * obvious for some of these people , so they substitute gypsies and muslims instead . 
  i guess in general we 're quite critical of israel , but for most of us that does n't have anything to do with jews . 
  welcome to / r/europe . 
  it 's unfortunate that a few radicals manage to hijack the discussion so often . 
  most threads are good , but we ca n't go too long without a thread bashing gypsies or muslims . 
  on other forums i get called a militant atheist , but here i am apparently a muslim-lover . 
  the * vast majority * of gypsies are criminals ? 
  how on earth could you know that ? 
  no , not really . 
  but it 's nice that you 're willing to help me out . 
  is that the `` compassion '' part of religion you 're demonstrating ? 
  or is it the `` do n't judge '' part ? 
  sometimes i get those mixed up , you understand . 
  then why do they want different things ? 
  well , yes , but that 's sort of what i 'm talking about as well . 
  if the catholics * truly * believe that the saints have a special place in heaven , and then protestants do n't ( both seem likely ) , for example , then there 's already a clear difference . 
  admittedly catholicism and protestantism are n't the best examples . 
  it works best between religions . 
  i became a history teacher ( a very recent one , to be fair ) more because of my love of history than my love of teaching ( which is alright !, 
  i always did wonder a bit about this `` same deity '' thing . 
  there 's more of an argument for it when you 're talking about something like protestantism and catholicism , as opposed to christianity and islam and judaism , but it 's still a bit odd to me . 
  the protestant god is different from the catholic god , or there would n't have been a split in the first place . 
  they have clearly defined differences . 
  this `` they are the same '' thing is usually only used as a sort of `` burying the hatchet move '' when fighting the common enemy ( which is no god at all ) , but it seems a bit ... intellectually lazy . 
  fair enough !, 
  i 'll just address one thing though , the poland-lithuania/austria-hungary thing . 
  yes , technically the * austrian-hungarian empire * only lasted for a few decades , but it 's generally considered a successor state to the earlier austrian empire . 
  which itself was a successor to what was generally just known as `` austria '' . 
  yes , you can probably point out a bunch of countries which were n't generally styled empires but which fit some of the characteristics . 
  but that 's not really a reason to throw out the term empire altogether , which you kinda have to at that point . 
  what makes the french empire more of an empire than the russian empire ? 
  or the ottoman empire ? 
  it might seem arbitrary , but i personally do n't think it 's an issue . 
  it 's just history . 
  it 's not a perfect science , with all the clearly defined values and attributes of physics or mathematics . 
  i guess that was a second thing !, 
   you did n't read my hre thing very well ? 
  names do n't define what things are , what things are defines what they are . 
  i did read it , as evidenced by the part of my post where i address it . 
  you 're right that names do n't define things , but there 's a reason why it 's called imperial russia , or the russian empire . 
  the reason is that historians consider it to have been an empire . 
   sorry to turn the question around , but what does ? 
  large , sprawling and composed of many ethnicities and nationalities . 
  united under one monarch . 
  expansionist . 
  existed for hundreds of years . 
  unless you go the route of `` empires have to have colonies '' , which is n't a common view of history , there is nothing about the austro-hungarian empire which does n't make it an empire . 
  same with the russian empire . 
  very large ( much larger than the french empire , for example ) , composed of different ethnicities and religions , constantly expanding , long lasting . 
  also , i might point out that you are the one who is presenting the view that is unorthodox in its interpretation of history . 
  it 's not really up to me to explain why the austrian and russian empires * were empires * , but i did it anyway because i like to talk about history . 
  it 's up to you to explain why they 're * not * empires . 
  i 'm not sure what you think makes an empire . 
  for one thing , you mention imperial russia in your example of non-empires . 
  it 's sort of in the name , do n't you think ? 
  you also mention prussia , which quite rightly was n't an empire ; at least not until it became the german empire . 
  finally , i am well aware of the holy roman empire saying , but it 's a little bit overblown . 
  it was perhaps not very holy nor roman , but it was an empire . 
  later on it was even more fractured , but for a long time it was quite strong . 
  it 's not been the main focus of my studies , admittedly , but i 've never come across any source that says that austria hungary was n't an empire - never mind tsarist russia . 
  what exactly is it about austria hungary and russia that you think disqualifies them as empires ? 
  i would disagree with that . 
  the austro-hungarian empire was definitely an empire . 
  it was composed of many different nations and nationalities . 
  an empire does n't have to be overseas . 
  which white nationalist forum was this thread posted in today ? 
  i mean , since different people suddenly start replying to my month old comments . 
  there 'd be a couple of million people living there , which is n't * that * bad . 
  although only 5 % of them would actually be sami . 
  i guess if you go far enough back , they `` used to have '' the land , but big parts of northern norway have had a mainly ethnic norwegian population for over a thousand years . 
  there simply is n't any sami separatist movement . 
  and if there were , that area would n't be it . 
  less than 5 % of the population in that area is sami . 
  no empire , though , 
  there 's no way norwegians would accept a name that put us below sweden , even symbolically , like the previous union . 
  norwegians have no problem with spoken swedish or written danish . 
  written swedish is n't particularly hard either . 
  spoken danish , though ... they 're just random vowels . 
  and apparently we understand everyone else better than they understand each other , so not sure how that would work out . 
  it changed with the civil rights acts of the 1960s , particularly the 1964 one . 
  lyndon b. johnson even , allegedly , said something to the effect of `` we have lost the south for a generation '' after signing it . 
  hmm , good point . 
  we could bring up the relative efficiency of bullshit by just letting him come out with it on his own . 
  why not ? 
  we feed him , and hilarious stuff comes out . 
  hilariously * stupid * stuff , but that still counts .
