  that 's what americans probably think of , but i certainly do n't . 
  marching . 
  no , but he did get the support of the conservatives , which gave him a majority backing in the bundestag . 
  less than 1 % margin of error ? 
  they 're accurate , sure , but i 'm fairly sure they are n't that accurate . 
  spoil the broth , spare the child . 
   there 's absolutely nothing that suggests his goals changed . 
  that there is something that suggests his goals changed is quite literally the entire point of the article . 
  you 're just taking everything as the exact opposite . 
  it 's like when conspiracy theorists act like any particular state of affairs is exactly the state of affairs the global cabal wants . 
  to you , absence of evidence is itself evidence . 
   translation : yes , you were treated wrong and you 're justified wanting to kill , but getting killed in pakistan is pointless . 
  you can get real revenge here if you wait and think before acting . 
  do you really not see the problem with this ? 
  you ca n't just take something out of thin air and go `` see ? 
  i 'm right ! '' . 
  well , not if you want to be taken seriously . 
  it seems like your entire argument hinges on this anti-logic : ahmed is muslim . 
  muslims want to kill people . 
  therefore ahmed wants to kill people . 
  it 's absurd to the extreme . 
   he did n't kill randomly , he removed 69 people very likely to become a prominent left politicians in the future . 
  and by doing so he ensured that popular support for the party he targeted grew and that it saw record growth in membership numbers , including the youth party . 
  it was a failure . 
  if your mythical ahmed wants to mimic that , he has n't done enough research . 
  i had to take a while to think about how to phrase myself . 
  in my head all my arguments always sound great , but then i ca n't think of the words to express them . 
  i 'd be a great politician if only i could get 15 minutes before having to answer questions in debates . 
  1-6 is fair enough , in a terrible analogy kind of way , but you did n't follow that up with `` hey , i think this guy wants to ban cars . '', 
  you followed it up with :  hey , i think this guy only stopped trying to blow up cars because he 's being devious and wants people to think he stopped trying to blow up cars , so that he can then go on to blow up a lot more cars . 
  that 's why he stopped trying to blow up cars , talked with this other guy who wants people to stop blowing up cars , and coyly told the media about the conversation . 
  you know , * like anders behring breivik * . 
  if you think that seems convoluted , i 've got some bad news for you . 
  so you * genuinely * believe that when ahmed met with mahmoud , who told him that he should n't go to pakistan but instead stay and `` become and asset to society '' , mahmoud * really * meant - wink wink nudge nudge - impose sharia law . 
  and furthermore that ahmed then decided to tell the media verbatim what mahmoud told him , in some kind of evil movie villain `` ha ha ha , they will never realize what we really mean ! '', 
  move . 
  that is so insanely convoluted it would n't fly at / r/conspiracy . 
  then again , this is sort of your thing , is n't it ? 
  like a week ago , when you blamed the birmingham grooming gangs on the `` anti-white crusade of sjws '' . 
  you literally just cut out most of the paragraph to make a bizarre comparison to anders behring breivik . 
  what a joke . 
   `` mahmoud said , ` yes , you were treated wrong , that 's correct , but what you are doing is you are ruining your own life if you go to pakistan . ' '', 
   this , said ahmed , made sense to him . 
  ** he was n't being told that he could n't be a muslim . 
  he was being told simply to be a good muslim who does n't hurt innocent people . 
  **  ** `` you can still be a muslim and have a prosperous future in denmark . 
  you can be an asset to society , not a liability , '' he remembers mahmoud telling him . 
  i 'm pretty sure he put the flair on between posts . 
  it is funny that you talk about teenagers on reddit , because this is just the sort of faux intellectual analysis i expect from reddit 's teens . 
  i do n't think glaciers specifically is the important part . 
  there is plenty of freshwater in areas without glaciers in norway . 
   haha , no , of course a guardian article would n't say that . 
  so you did n't actually read the article , then ? 
   the ministry of defence has said it is `` planning for a seamless transition of assets '' . 
  -  asked by the guardian if a replacement for hms bulwark was guaranteed , a downing street spokeswoman said : `` the prime minister and the chancellor have talked about the uk having a moral role to play to help save lives . 
  i 'm sure in the discussions that are continuing this week and next ahead of the june european council , they will be looking at the options . '' - haha , no , * of course * you did n't . 
  of course , they did all die at the end of that particular one ... 
  sure , but main parties does n't mean they 're ruling alone . 
  i ca n't tell if they 're about to fight or fuck . 
   you need to include qualifiers or shit like ukip or syriza can happen ... what does this even mean ? 
  do you realize how many votes syriza got in the last election ? 
  36 % who else got 36 % in an election ? 
  oh yeah , the conservatives in the uk election . 
  not to mention the fact that the very reason syriza got such a large proportion of the parliamentary seats is because the greeks apparently agree with you that the election system should ensure a majority government . 
  furthermore , you proved my point . 
  you consider syriza radical , but you do n't realize that over a third of greeks voted for them . 
  apparently they do n't consider them so radical , or else they thought that radical is what they needed . 
  that is what democracy means , and for you to then say that democracy needs qualifiers so that * their chosen result * ca n't happen is frankly ludicrous . 
   we have a center right and a center left party that take turns ruling the country . 
  that seems pretty ideal to me . 
  that 's the thing about democracy though , it 's not about what just you feel is ideal . 
  the other thing is that what constitutes left and right changes . 
  which particular centre-left and centre-right are the ideal ones ? 
  coincidentally the ones we 've got now ? 
   i do n't care if that disenfranchises large parts of the electorate , they 're morons anyway . . 
  sad . 
   fptp ensures a strong government that can be held accountable easily . 
  does it ? 
  you might say it does on a case by case basis , but just like in the us the uk has two big parties essentially taking turns ruling . 
   once the conservatives shift to the right again , which is where they are meant to be nonsense statement . 
  no party is `` meant '' to be anywhere . 
  assuming that they are and that they will once again shift to that norm , and using that information to factor into your judgement of the voting system as a whole , is folly . 
  fact of the matter is that other countries hold their political parties accountable too . 
  or they do n't . 
  either way they do it no less than the uk . 
  okay , but i 'm not sure how that relates to this article ? 
  care to expand on that ? 
  vg , man . 
  neither of those dictate what is and is n't europe . 
  for some reason i thought we were talking about our favourite / r/european mod erowidtrance . 
  does he ever talk about anything else ? 
  [ this ] ( https://media.snl.no/system/images/14344/standard_sametinget-2009-2013_mainimage.jpg ) is from the sameting ( sort of a sami parliament in norway ) . 
  higher frequency of dark hair than the rest of norway ? 
  sure . 
  darker skin ? 
  not really . 
  certainly not dark skinned compared to europe as a whole . 
  hey now , that 's unfair . 
  he * definitely * does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  if you read the comment chain , which i 'm sure you did , you 'll have seen that the original person asked about * western * civilization , and the guy i directly responded to talked about * western * culture .
