  or it probably wo n't be . 
  it 's the exact reason why the government pension fund was set up . 
  the state budgets allow for something like a 3-4 % `` gap '' to be filled by profits from the fund . 
  i think most people have a misconception of what it does . 
  the oil and gas might ( will ) dry up , but the fund will still be there , investing . 
  it wo n't grow as fast , obviously , but it will still probably allow for a , probably smaller and smaller , gap . 
  so it 's not like we 'll suddenly have to raises taxes and lower wages . 
  i 'd just like to make the point that it 's not necessarily ( but perhaps still a little bit ) that our other exports are so small , it 's that our oil and gas exports are so massive . 
  there 's no getting around the fact that we 're a small country with a lot of natural resources . 
  the cold war did n't help , to be fair . 
  oh yes , if you learn norwegian you will understand written swedish and danish . 
  you 'll also probably understand spoken swedish , and probably not understand spoken danish . 
  i can hold perfectly fine conversations with swedes , but probably not a dane . 
   elite jewish zionist banksters we have a winner !, 
  trying to answer the age old question : you can bring a fascist to water , but can you make him swim ? 
  i get the point you 're making , but there is no need to be so belligerent while making it . 
  if you want to move to norway at some point : learn norwegian . 
  if you do n't : do n't learn norwegian . 
  it 's essentially that simple . 
  we all speak english as well , so you could get by just fine even living here for a few years without speaking the language . 
  if it was n't for the fact that a lot of wonderful works in norwegian would be obsolete , i would n't have anything against norwegian being replaced by english completely . 
  although i guess studies have shown that bilingual children can be better at learning . 
  irish monks found iceland . 
  stole them ? 
  they * were * norwegians :p, 
  i believe we already have direct evidence , in the form of neanderthal dna present in modern human beings ? 
  although this is also very exciting . 
  it might take second , behind [ this one . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fpicznx.jpg ) a manchester united fan on redcafe.net . 
  he was being serious . 
  orkney and shetland are welcome to return to their true home , norway . 
  curious phrasing for the title ( in the article ) , when it includes this :  the centre has started a bi-weekly programme of activities for the group , including things like cooking classes , internet lessons , bicycling , museum visits and crocheting . 
  so far , 18 of the 20 women using the clinic have signed up for an information session . 
   the staff at the reden heroin clinic in aarhus have also noticed more women showing up to sew or knit now that their time is not spent looking for their next fix . 
   `` they have more time when they do not have to go out and hunt for drugs , '' said guul . 
  the wording almost seems like it 's designed to induce tabloid `` outrage '' . 
  i see your point , but there is no way in hell north korea would trigger another world war . 
  their only friend is china , and it seems like even they are getting tired of north korea . 
  did n't they just officially support the latest sanctions ? 
  they would never get involved in any war on the side of north korea . 
  i do n't think they would even if they thought they could be on the winning side , which is obviously not the case . 
  oh , i think if they want to launch a nuke * for the hell of it * they 'll absolutely 100 % launch it at the us . 
  either that or south korea . 
  i will literally eat my computer if they launch a nuke at norway . 
  that article contains not a single mention of immigration or asylum seekers . 
  you 're going to have to come up with something better than that . 
  considering your username , and your previous posts with terms such as `` white guilt '' , i do n't expect you to be able to come up with anything better than empty rhetoric . 
  perhaps you should stop beating around the bush , and say what you really mean . 
  like when you said this :  by 2072 , danish iq will have dropped to 93 , at which point western culture will be lost as a result of the extinction of the genetic traits that gave rise to it . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovuzuow57js  death of the west particularly amusing that you linked to the video of a scientist who retired in 2007 after receiving an official warning for producing bad science . 
  that problem exists with immigration or not . 
  like i already explained , unemployment levels in norway are sinking , * including for immigrants * . 
  without immigrants , we would still have the problem , except it would be worse . 
  you have no solution , you only have empty rhetoric . 
  your source is an 8 year old newspaper article ? 
  * life * is a self-enforcing vicious circle . 
  and like i just explained , we absolutely do need immigrants . 
  you say `` a country ca n't lack workers , '' but what do you imagine is the effect when , for example , the ( largely state/fylke run ) health industry has an even bigger lack of qualified nurses ? 
  who suffers ? 
  norwegians suffer . 
  this post is contradictory . 
  the baby boomers are indeed getting older , so we * need * immigration to be able to fill the rapidly increasing employment needs , particularly when it comes to the health industry . 
  perhaps you could argue that unemployment is higher among immigrants than native norwegians , but you have to allow for the fact that it 's simply harder for immigrants to get hired , particularly if they are here for asylum and fleeing a hard situation . 
  and we need them anyway ( not to mention that their unemployment numbers are still well below many nations in europe ) . 
  besides , the pension fund is well run , and is directly designed to help cushion the effects of an ageing population . 
  it 's for this very reason we 'll be much better off than almost all other western european nations , who are all in danger of the age boom . 
  neither do they . 
  we do , because * more * people are ignorant there . 
  we just have to make sure to make fun of ignorant europeans as well . 
  it 's actually strange to consider that we only started properly investing in the fund a decade ago . 
  we take it for granted now , but it was n't that long ago the decision was made . 
  i do n't understand why you have to be so abrasive . 
  i 've clearly explained to you how the alternative meaning is viable . 
  stop acting like a child . 
  in exactly the way i just described to you . 
  perhaps you will turn out to be right about their meaning , but the wording is not as clear as you seem to think . 
  did they really go through the crime records and count all the individual romanians ? 
  how about those with the same names ? 
  `` of the arrests , 27,725 were romanian nationals , '' for example . 
  i did read the article , and how can you be sure what exactly that means ? 
  as we all know , it is definitely impossible for someone to get arrested more than once in the span of five years . 
  one in three ? 
  really ? 
  it says `` aurora photos '' , but only two of those pictures actually have any northern lights in them . 
  i also think you might have meant to link to this : http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/03/magazine/the-magical-realism-of-norwegian-nights.html?_r=0, 
  there 's always need to be rude to beanfart . 
  he 's just bitter that his companions seem to have largely left / r/europe . 
  me neither , but from what i 've read about him today we lost a great man . 
  nnnnno ? 
  i doubt many people on greenland live further north than me !, 
  and yet nrk is still by far the most watched tv channel in norway . 
  now do n't get me wrong , there 's a lot of the stuff they show that i do n't like . 
  but nrk is n't just for me . 
  it 's supposed to be for everyone . 
  i 'm just glad we have you to tell us . 
  aaah , glorious irony . 
  i believe my job here is done . 
  not necessarily . 
  you should capitalize the first letter in new sentences . 
  also punctuation .
