  separate but equal is n't really equal . 
  `` mostly considered somewhat derogatory '' is putting it mildly . 
  for such a long discussion , this was uncommonly civilized for reddit . 
  `` lying down in the bed with the ussr '' is a very strange way of putting it , considering they were the democratically elected government in a civil war initiated by the fascist , german - and italian-supported military . 
  you 're right , a lot of them were anarchists as well . 
  or socialists . 
  oh , and then there were the communists . 
  and also the liberals . 
  i would certainly feel more safe ( and probably more free ) in iran than pakistan . 
  it 's crazy that people rate pakistan and * north korea * above iran . 
  it was , but people were still giving it a lot of undeserved attention in here and other places . 
  i actually laughed out loud . 
  that has n't happened in a while , usually my lips just twitch . 
  `` someone is bullied somewhere in europe , better make an / r/europe submission ! '', 
  i had to read that a few times to know if you were insulting me , but i think ... yes ? 
  i 'm a social sciences teacher :| ( although my masters is in history ) . 
  so the french think the french are the least arrogant , and the french think the french are the most arrogant ? 
  average , not median , mind . 
  most norwegians do n't make that much . 
  so your honest , informed , objective opinion is that `` lefties '' * just want people in the country * , arbitrarily ? 
  excuse me if i remain skeptical . 
  i doubt china will be allowed to have military naval ports on greenland . 
   the lefties just want people in the country without even trying to get them into society , no need to learn the language or anything that is such a staggeringly hyperbolic statement that it pretty much renders your entire comment worthless . 
  it 's not oversensitive considering the sort of comments we 've had in here occasionally . 
  here 's another comment about gypsies from the same person . 
   there can be no `` integration '' when nearly all of them are either outright or borderline mentally retarded . 
  it 's genetics and nothing can be done about it . 
  that comment currently has a positive score , * in / r/europe . 
  * here 's another . 
   most blacks are criminals , and most cops are cunts . 
   well done . 
  the gypsies should be put down . 
  if this does n't earn you a ban from / r/europe , nothing will . 
  reading mongol_winter 's recent comments ( and knowing what his typical comments are like ) , i am actually shocked that he 's maintained positive comment karma . 
  he really is an odious little wanker . 
  this . 
  perfect . 
  this subreddit is back to being targeted by stormfront-types , as it was a year ago . 
  that much is obvious . 
  it might have something to do with the fact that it could have come right out of 1930s fascist propaganda . 
   for the past few decades now they 've used the cover of victim-hood to really use countries as their tools , but you know what , there was a reason in the first place that they were so-called victims , there were very good reasons why they were n't allowed in positions of power . 
  it 's a disgusting attitude , one that / r/europe rightly has no patience for . 
  if you want to spew your extremist , racist views you are free to go to a more suitable place , such as stormfront . 
  or the middle ages . 
  what did he say ? 
  the last couple of weeks we 've had a big of a resurgence of the sort of shit we had to deal with in / r/europe on a daily basis a year ago . 
  if libertarianism is liberty , then i fear a whole lot about it . 
  the infatuation with ron paul on reddit was pretty amazing to witness . 
  i ca n't imagine the damage ron paul or someone who thinks like him could do in charge of a country . 
  definitely ? 
  i think a small minority of even fundamentalist muslims would do that . 
  perhaps the same minority of fascists who would happily push someone into a gas chamber . 
  feel free to come enjoy or lovely fjords yourself , we 've got plenty of space . 
  most of it is mountain , but still . 
  whether it 's european fascism or islamic fascism makes no difference . 
  speak for yourself . 
  we 've got motherfucking fjords !, 
  suddenly : stormfront . 
  do they have ray guns ? 
  as poor as someone from iraq , or somalia , or vietnam ? 
  hardly . 
  i pretty much think i live in the best country in the world , so perhaps i should n't be so critical of american patriotism ... 
  but mine * is * better !, 
  well yeah , but someone * there * . 
  i doubt there 's any law against flagging all the time , it 's just not done . 
  official buildings ca n't , at least . 
  i 'm fairly sure most people in norway know the lyrics to the first verse of the national anthem . 
  it 's a rubbish national anthem though , so we do n't really care about it . 
  there 's also a very lot of flag-waving in norway , but only on constitution day ( may 17th ) . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's strictly illegal , but you 're not supposed to flag except on national flag days , or if it 's a birthday . 
  if you have the flag hanging around every day , then you very likely * do * support the extreme right party , or you 're old . 
  we 're very fond of norway , sometimes to a fault . 
  but the flag is just a flag . 
  that might be true , i am not entirely clued up about this . 
  i just read that they were n't going to let him have an attorney ( `` to begin with '' ) . 
  i must admit the same thoughts did occur to me when i read about the chinese earthquake that killed and injured many , many more than the boston bomb . 
  it does of course make it different that it was a natural disaster , but still . 
  i 've said it before , but reddit can be shockingly reactionary sometimes . 
  they have not and will not . 
  nor will they let him have an attorney present when interrogated . 
  keep in mind he is a us citizen on us soil . 
  to be honest , saying `` some schools do n't * even * practice it '' goes some way in reinforcing his point . 
  kids in norway are barely expected to sing the national anthem on constitution day . 
  and while it 's encouraging that schools were stopped from suspending kids from saying the pledge of allegiance , the fact that they even tried in the first place is shocking . 
  there 's no doubt that the us takes its patriotism a few steps too far . 
  and in norwegian , the ultimate test for a word . 
  i 'm just picturing the best sitcom expression when you say that . 
   i 'm not going to throw someone into the trash ** because of some posts on the internet ** . 
  that 's a pretty amusing thing to say considering literally everything about reddit and this subreddit has to do with `` some posts on the internet '' . 
  60 % is still mostly . 
  although your link does say this :  the data suggest that 20 % -- 25 % of icelandic founding males had gaelic ancestry , with the remainder having norse ancestry . 
  and this :  this supports the model , put forward by some historians , that the majority of females in the icelandic founding population had gaelic ancestry , whereas the majority of males had scandinavian ancestry . 
   i 'm not racist , but seriously fuck these people . 
  try harder . 
   why are both germany and uk in there if they 're also the countries more people go to ? 
  they have big populations . 
  there 's always going to be someone emigrating . 
  norway is generally amazing , but there are still norwegians who move elsewhere for various reasons . 
  it does n't necessarily * mean * anything . 
  that 's not really the case , though .
