  it 's strange , though . 
  i am from harstad , where bokm\u00e5l reigns supreme , so i find nynorsk really strange and unnatural . 
  but when i think about it my dialect has many features that are found in nynorsk . 
  thanks , not-quite-ancient norwegians , for bringing us this language confusion . 
  arseholes . 
  which is ironic , since `` hurtigruten '' pretty much literally means `` the speedy route '' . 
  it 's not speedy . 
  at all . 
  most of us are with you on that unnatural things to fish deal , but what are ya gon na do ... 
  so nothing like saudi arabia , except oil ? 
  sweet , sweet oil ... 
  850 ... urdu , not hindi . 
  it 's far from as bad as it was for a period of a few months a while back , though . 
  i mean , healthy discussion is to be welcomed in / r/europe , and sometimes we can get that even when people use unfortunate wording . 
  but for that period it went far beyond that . 
  i was pretty close to giving up on the subreddit , because it simply was n't either fun or interesting to read , but it got cleaned up pretty well . 
  i 'm still half-convinced / r/europe was directly targeted by stormfront types . 
  i 've had a run-in with him on / r/europe . 
  have n't seen him on here for a while , though . 
  you 're very right about comment sections , but i think they 're more or less universally ignored at this point . 
  i only wander into them in the same sense that i might sometimes wander into the youtube comments section : for a cheap laugh at people it 's very easy to feel superior to . 
  it 's that tall ? 
  damn , i thought it was lower . 
  i think it 's about 1.80 in norway , though that was a few years ago so it might be a it taller now . 
  being spanish , i suppose i can see that . 
  what 's the average height in spain these days ? 
  the dutch are tall , but they 're not * that * tall . 
  you 'd still be well above average at 1.90 . 
  i 'm 1.80 , so * i * might feel like a midget , however . 
  science is a lot more fun !, 
  being taller is n't necessarily evolutionary better . 
  you did n't , though . 
  they can actually vote ? 
  that 's pretty ... undemocratic . 
  no doubt . 
  they 're all related , after all . 
  i understand a fair bit of old english just from knowing both modern norwegian and modern english . 
  i 'm a history teacher , and icelandic is basically historical norwegian . 
  as a teacher , i could n't agree more . 
  i am completely against private schools . 
  luckily norway has fairly strict rules regarding private schools ( such as no ability to take out profit ) , but unfortunately the parties that are very likely to win the upcoming election are all for further privatization . 
  `` pc '' is essentially `` i 'm not racist , but ... '' these days . 
  i think it 's roughly the same mental gymnastics that produces russian neo-nazis . 
  it 's sad that he 's upvoted damn near enough as much as he is downvoted , even in here . 
  about half of his ilk seem to have finnish flags too , which is just bizarre . 
  i know for a fact some of them are n't finnish . 
  it 's decided then , europe was colonized by africa . 
  i live a little bit further south , where it is quite a bit warmer . 
  we still get the midnight sun and the northern lights , though . 
  that 's certainly one way of putting it . 
  a cold , dark hell is another . 
  literally possible . 
  although you probably wo n't have a garden . 
  you can get further north in norway , if that 's your thing :d, 
  they sort of are , though . 
  the problem is instead when people assume that all parts of socialism are arbitrarily `` wrong '' . 
  monaco ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why not zoidberg ? 
  it 's a prettier danish flag . 
  that 's it . 
  i am not sure that counts , though . 
  that sounds more like the process that made quisling and benedict arnold words for traitor . 
  are you mentally retarded ? 
  i knew i had you tagged as racist scum for a reason . 
  you do n't have to wish death upon them to be racist . 
  although calling an entire ethnic group `` cancer '' does have one or two connotations . 
  i 'm not going to dignify that with a reply , beyond pointing out how fucking hilarious it is that you get yourself to claim you 're not a racist after * just * having said `` gypsy is another term for cancer '' . 
  i do n't know what parts of the internet you frequent , but i 've found that on some particular issues reddit contains some of the most reactionary people i 've seen . 
  this is particularly true for guns and some forms of racism . 
  guns are perhaps more of an american thing , while anti-roma racism is sadly a european thing . 
  no no , only poor people die ... right ? 
  to be fair rome was a shell of its former glory for a while after the fall of the western roman empire . 
  it was pretty much a village . 
  oh . . then i approve . 
  i assume you would want to learn norwegian or about their parties because you clicked the link which said `` learn about the political parties in norway while you 're simultaneously learning norwegian '' ? 
  or was your goal for the day just to be a wanker ? 
  i know some second generation immigrants , and if it were n't for the fact that they do n't look quite like me i would have never guessed they were . 
  rant against gypsies : check 2 . 
  rant against communists : check 3 . 
  username with norwegian far-right connotations : check 4 . 
  post history filled with rants against multiculturalism : double check . 
  people begging has n't existed in oslo ? 
  say what now ? 
  honestly , the `` worst fears '' about this summer turned out to not actually happen . 
  i think you 're too focused on the butterfly effect . 
  when talking about counterfactual history it 's usually best to just assume that things would end up roughly the same if history happened again , unless you can find specific reasons otherwise . 
  which is obviously not true , but reality is that we have absolutely no idea how history would have turned out . 
  when i think about counterfactual history i try to imagine * how * things could have been different , not just assume that they would be . 
  like for example if sweden-norway took part in world war 1 , a war i think was even more certain to happen than ww2 . 
  perhaps the added norwegian part made sweden enough of a power-factor that it got involved in the war , on german side . 
  it 's unlikely that it would completely turn the tide of war , but it could stop it from ending in the near complete defeat of germany . 
  perhaps it would end up roughly with the status quo , with the excetion of russia , which would probably still have a revolution since it would probably still be defeated . 
  unless they were defeated so fast that they were out of the war early , removing perhaps the biggest reason for revolution to happen in the first place . 
  history is fucking great . 
  i do n't think a united norway and sweden would have anything to do about the world war . 
  the only possible exception i can see is if we participated in ww1 . 
  after that , and the stock market crash , * some * sort of ww2 was always going to happen . 
  national animosity was too great for anything else . 
  i wonder if perhaps sweden-norway could have ended up on the german side of ww1 , though .
