  our governments are acting like they are taking orders straight from washington . 
  i am against norway joining the eu , but if there 's one area where i do particularly like the idea of the eu it is as a counter-balance to the us . 
  that sounds ... interesting . 
  just a small correction : the french revolution was n't a revolution of the proletariat , but of the bourgeois . 
  mostly . 
  and not the quality post we should see on the front page of / r/europe, 
  most things seem to just do danish/swedish/finnish , under the assumption that the norwegian words are basically the same as the danish words , and sometimes the swedish words . 
  brunost ? 
  i would n't put venezuela square in the bad club , personally . 
  next story : gun murders in the us decrease by hundreds , european gun murders by dozens ; what is europe doing wrong ? 
  according to this we teach english from first grade ? 
  i believe it was from third grade when i grew up , but it would n't surprise me . 
  diplomatic immunity ? 
  he knows what you 're saying , it 's just for some reason not inherently obvious to him that more income equality is better . 
  maybe there 's a hypothetical point where it 's * too * close , but that sure as hell is n't where it takes the average worker 3 days of work to earn as much as a ceo earns in an hour . 
  but people who want to become career military will become career military in any case . 
  and it 's not like people get sent to afghanistan or otherwise do any meaningful service if they are n't intent on it . 
  and , honestly , i do n't need average people from every walks of life in the military . 
  most others are n't ex-army , though . 
  or rather , in a few years most wo n't have been . 
  these days only 30 % of eligible males , if that , do their military service . 
  i do n't see what we that anything to fear from our military with or without mandatory military service . 
  i do n't see why we would need weapons training either ; that 's a very american way of looking at things . 
  norwegian democracy is certainly not being upheld at gunpoint . 
  undoubtedly . 
  i really do n't see a valid comparison between the eu and the holy roman empire . 
  i 've seen people try to draw a connection between the two a few times now , but i think that is usually born from a misunderstanding of the holy roman empire , the eu , or both . 
  the soviet union was at the forefront in the world at women 's rights in the first ten or so years of its existence . 
  unfortunately stalin the reactionary happened . 
   get over it , you are taking yourself far too seriously luckily for you , no one could ever begin to take you seriously . 
  perhaps , but it is no more ridiculous than than talking about latin as a dead language compared to * actually * dead languages . 
  latin is dead because it turned into several different languages . 
  livonian is dead because people stopped talking it . 
  latin is alive . 
  it is french , italian , spanish , portuguese . . 
  all the `` green '' countries are different shades of green . 
  what ? 
  no , that is completely wrong . 
  http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/glossary:youth_unemployment_rate  youth unemployment includes all the youth ( i.e people between the ages of 15 and 24 , inclusive ) who are unemployed . 
   ** youth unemployment rate is the percentage of the unemployed in the age group 15 to 24 years old compared to the total labour force ** ( both employed and unemployed ) in that age group . 
  however , it should be remembered that a large share of people between these ages are outside the labour market ( since many youths are studying full time and thus are not available for work ) , which explains why youth unemployment rates are generally higher than overall unemployment rates , or those of other age groups . 
  edit : oh , i see that 's exactly what thatfool posted . 
  never mind me . 
  i was n't aware that the penalty for tax evasion was death in britain . 
  no , because that is how society works . 
  i pay my fair share to enjoy all the benefits . 
  people who do n't pay their taxes * should * be locked up . 
  they are just as much criminals as people who steal . 
  why would i not pay my taxes ? 
  i do n't fear my government . 
  why would i ? 
  i am flabbergasted that a map with so many errors actually managed not to make the entirety of northern norway sami . 
  many * good * maps do that . 
  but there might be muslims outside ... 
  apparently that was an immensely controversial comment by you . 
  somehow ? 
  13 | 19 for his comment before it was deleted . 
  i do n't know what it was , but based on 1 ) your comment 2 ) the fact that it was deleted and 3 ) the usual suspects , i 'd say it fits in well with the kind of people who are targeting / r/europe . 
  at least i * hope * we 're being targeted ; if these views are as common in europe as they are in here we have bigger problems than i thought . 
  i was about to make a joke about how i could then invoke sigurd jorsalfare ( sigurd the crusader ) , until i remembered that it was actually anders behring breivik 's chosen moniker . 
  for anyone wondering where karasjok is . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pzpbwde.jpg ) was the hottest place in europe . 
  i enjoyed it , but then i am very much interested in american politics . 
  i guess it 's just that general feeling that whatever happens in the us affects what happens in norway ( and europe ) . 
  obama is really quite popular in norway ( even though we think he 's too conservative ) , so i do n't think you 'll see the same level of coverage if there are two candidates that we consider very similar , or if we do n't care for either of them . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  fair enough , but you did n't need to so aggressively jump on bo18 when he asked about your wording . 
  you 're not doing yourself any favours . 
  hopefully this can turn to something positive for turkey . 
  then you should n't have posted the misleading thread title , you should have just have said `` turkey 's largest internet provider , ttnet , and presumably others '' . 
  on / r/europe , 
  i think they consider themselves nordic . 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  they 're aight . 
  of course !, 
  15 degrees celsius is freezing ? 
  maybe i 've lived north of the arctic circle for too long , but that 's crazy talk . 
  if the sun is shining , 20 is too much . 
  if it 's cloudy , it 's just right . 
  15 is good . 
  let me tell you , a room can get very , very warm if the sun is shining at it from 3 am . 
  [ here 's a picture i took out of my window at around 2 am . 
  that 's possible , i suppose . 
  although it has to be said that his right-wing extremist stances was clear from just about the same day as it happened . 
  first via his `` manifesto '' , and then in the days later via statements from the police during his interrogation , and finally via his own statements and those from his attorney . 
  right-wingception ? 
  it could work . 
  precisely . 
  besides , he has applied to start the norwegian fascist party , for crying out loud . 
  surely you could choose not to have the problem of separatism either ? 
  just let the separatist regions ... separate . 
   suggestions made in open sources that the attacks in norway in july 2011 were acts of right-wing terrorism , or had links with right-wing extremist groups in the eu , have not been substantiated . 
  what the flipping hell ? 
  how on * earth * was that not far right-wing terrorism ? 
  there was no part of that atrocity that was n't connected to right-wing extremism . 
  i 'm really struggling to see how they could justify leaving it out . 
  it must be on some grounds that because it was only one guy it was n't terrorism . 
  or something inane like that . 
  even if you ignore the events of ut\u00f8ya he * blew up a government building * . 
  that 's about as terrorism as you get .
