  they 're andorra and san marino . 
  it 's pretty weird . 
  obviously hellas is the greek way of saying it , but there are a lot more countries that use the latin base ( which is how you end up with greece ) . 
  i knew hellas was a rare way of saying it , but i did n't know just * how * rare it was . 
  according to wikipedia it 's hellas ( or similar ) in greece , norway , vietnam , china and very rarely italy . 
  that 's a strange list of countries . 
  i 've never heard of that system , so i do n't think we have it . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you 're saying , to be honest . 
  in norway if you earn less than 40k nok , you can use a `` fri kort '' ( free card ) which means you wo n't pay tax . 
  if you earn more you * will * have to pay taxes on it , though . 
  i am now certain that the claim he made that you pay at least 28 % is wrong , though . 
  i do n't think that 's right . 
  as far as i know you only get the tax free amount if you actually stay within the limit . 
  if you go over it all has to get taxed , i believe ? 
  `` libtard butthurt '' ? 
  what the fuck are you , american ? 
  is this the type of commenter we upvote in / r/europe these days ? 
  here 's one of his other comments :  til niggers are humans . 
  or this :  yep , we pillaged their straw and mud huts and brought technology in their lands . 
  what a loss to humanity . 
  this :  anti-semitism is as old , as jewish nation itself . 
  / r/europe is definitely being targeted again . 
  you missed a `` fun '' little time about a year ago , then . 
  some of the comment threads might as well have been plucked from stormfront . 
  it got a lot better , but all it takes is one little mention of gypsies or muslims or multiculturalism ( which is a swear word now , apparently ? ), 
  for us to see a little bit of that again . 
  are you absolutely sure about that ? 
  i was pretty sure there were tax rates below 28 % . 
  when i got a job late in the year after studying , i am almost entirely sure i paid less than 28 % tax , because i would make so little for that year . 
  edit : i 'm actually entirely sure it 's incorrect . 
  27 seems awfully young for foreign minister . 
  i am not opposed to `` young '' people in power per se , but it probably suits some positions more than others . 
  the previous government had the youngest minister in the history of norway at 29 , and she was minister of culture , which made some sense . 
  every country unilaterally decides who they want to recognize , though . 
  that 's why countries like norway , sweden , france , britain , the us and many more recognize kosovo , while serbia , russia , spain , ukraine , china , india and many more * do n't * . 
  there are many such examples . 
  south ossetia and abkhazia are much more extreme examples , but there 's no difference in principle . 
   but that was an abuse of power in the eu 's back yard sure , but then the russians would say that georgia invading what they consider a sovereign state bordering russia was an abuse of power in their back yard . 
  if the eu went in with any sort of military support for georgia they would not do their standing in the region any favour . 
  georgia initiated it by invading south ossetia , which russia recognizes as an independent country . 
  in my opinion they were at least somewhat justified in protecting south ossetia . 
  they were not justified in carrying the counter-attack straight into georgia , however . 
  georgia was at least as much to blame for that conflict as russia , even if russia did take it too far . 
  the cold war is over . 
  i would definitely not agree that lithuania are under `` direct threat '' from the russian military . 
  it 's okay , we got a massive petroleum settlement out of it . 
  while the swedes have always been so nice to finland . 
  most of the sami are in norway , though , and i have never heard anything at all about any separatist group . 
  not even as some far out there hypothetical . 
  the area that this map shows is n't some sami claim , it 's the * traditional * area where sami have lived , and not necessarily as the majority either . 
  it has nothing to do with any claim . 
  sapmi would barely have any land at all . 
  there is a tiny part of norway where sami are actually the majority . 
  the map is certainly not correct . 
  there is no sami separatist movement in norway . 
  not a one . 
   take a stand against political correctness run amok !, 
  are you a parody ? 
  and 4 among the top 10 most unfriendly . 
  probably true . 
  i feel we got a little bit away from original point though . 
  i was n't trying to be a soviet union cheerleader , i was just asking if lenin was as disliked as stalin , or if it was more a `` the statue of lenin represents russian oppression through the soviet union '' type thing . 
  that 's like saying we have evidence of people living normal lives in gulags , therefore everyone lived normal lives in gulags . 
  political dissenters were absolutely also jailed and executed in tsarist russia . 
  come on , you can not be that naive . 
  i 've already posted examples of poles being exiled to siberia . 
  also , you say that as if you do n't think prisons existed before the soviet union . 
  the tsar * absolutely * had prison systems , and they were generally at least as bad as the gulag system . 
  lenin did n't invent oppression . 
  stalin might have perfected it ( kim il-sung might disagree ) , though . 
   they were n't set in the gulag prison system where a big part of the prisoners had to work until they died of emaciation . 
  as dire as conditions were in the gulags , the * vast * majority of people who made it into them made it out . 
  downvote all you want , but that is a statement of fact . 
  i would argue that you have a very romantic view of the situation of poles under tsarist russia . 
  what about the [ november uprising ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/november_uprising ) ? 
  or the [ january uprising ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_uprising ) , which lead to the deportation of tens of thousands of poles to siberia ( not , as you say , as explorers , scholars and entrepreneurs ) , which then lead to the [ upprising of polish political exiles in siberia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uprising_of_polish_political_exiles_in_siberia ) ? 
  or what about even the [ revolution of 1905 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_revolution_%281905%29 ) , which poland was certainly involved in ? 
  do n't whitewash history to make the soviets seem worse . 
  there 's no need . 
  all of those are true , although i would argue that the real reason stalin came to power was because stalin * wanted * power . 
  his ruthlessness would have seen him assume any position which was necessary , so i do n't think anything short of lenin directly expelling stalin from the party would have sufficed . 
  he can be blamed for that , of course . 
  you neglect to mention that the only reason `` absolutism started to fade '' in 1905 is because of a partially failed revolution . 
  and although they * did * make concessions , those quickly became only on paper . 
  i get why you do n't like the soviet union and communism , but i think you 're trying too hard to pass it off as something demonic , something evil beyond `` basic '' totalitarianism . 
  history does not agree . 
  do n't you think the tsar had a secret police ? 
  do n't you think he had mass executions or purges ? 
  of course he did !, 
  it 's just that they were n't as public . 
  this was an era of human civilization where information was more and more accessible , even in totalitarian nations , and even when so many were living in abject poverty and were unable to read and write . 
  i also never blamed stalin for `` all the bad that happened '' , but as i 've studied the russian revolution and stalinism i feel justified in speaking with some confidence here . 
  i think you 're speaking from emotion here , which shows in your argument about the gulags . 
  no , we do n't know all there is to know about them , but this is not the 1970s . 
  these days we do have a fairly good picture of what they were like and how many people passed through them . 
  and the fact of the matter is , the number of people killed in them is far below the numbers of some historians , like robert conquest , who were perhaps operating under a mix of blameless ignorance ( soviet records were n't released until around the fall of the soviet union , obviously ) , and strong bias ( whether it was justified or not ) . 
  that 's not to say that the gulags were n't terrible , but they are a little less of the bogeyman than we thought during the cold war . 
  finally , i find your tone a little bit unnecessary in your final argument . 
  it is a * historical fact * that lenin categorically did not want stalin to succeed him . 
  stalin eventually gaining power is more a display of stalin 's incredible talent for ruthless party politics and ability to assume any position which gained him power than any indictment of the system itself .
