  of course he 's mocking the racist . 
  do you think he goes around saying that in his everyday life ? 
  but if someone was calling me the most vile terms just for doing something i thought was completely normal ( marrying someone i loved ) , you 're damn right i would rub it in their faces as if it was a personal victory for me over them . 
  as for your `` more racist '' comment , how twisted a world view do you have to believe that ? 
  that 's the fundamental issue with racism , and why it 's so silly to the rest of us . 
  to you , it 's more likely that he 's part of some grand conspiracy to marry precious white girls so that he can laugh in your face about it , than that he moved to another country , found someone who he loved ( and who loved him ) , and got married . 
  yes , just look at that dirty immigrant , daring to mock the valiant defender of the beleaguered white race who said something so racist it was deleted in / r/europe . 
  wonderous . 
  partially true , but again , it 's somewhat simplistic . 
  the norwegian economy is generally healthy . 
  i do n't believe we used more of the oil and gas revenues than we generally do in the last few years , to avoid cuts . 
  in fact , i believe we generally tend to spend * less * of that money to maintain the budget surplus in bad times than in good times , so as not to artificially inflate the economy ( and leaving us vulnerable to inflation ) . 
  again , i 'm not claiming the oil and gas has n't been incredibly important . 
  it definitely has . 
  but there 's a reason countries like sweden and denmark has also faired fairly well in the financial crisis , and they do n't have the natural resources we do ( although sweden does have some that we do n't as well ) . 
  edit : it 's still completely moot though , since the uk is much too different to do the `` norway thing '' . 
  would they even want to ? 
  the oil certainly helped making us as well off as we are , but i do n't think it 's fair to point at it when explaining the low unemployment . 
  it 's not like statoil employs half the population . 
  it could perhaps help explain our welfare state , but then there are some internal forces that think the welfare state leads to the opposite , that people are content to sit at home and collect benefits . 
  mind you , i still do n't think britain could be anything like norway outside of the eu . 
  1 : posted by `` niggerjew944 '' . 
  2 : article maybe not * completely * professionally objective :  the country is no longer able to hold back the crowd of migrants , many of whom do not want to integrate into the social and economic life of their new home country . 
   new rules will directly affect many of the immigrants who do not want to be of real assistance to the country and whose main goal is the existence at the expense of french taxpayers . 
   french business payroll taxes are among the highest in the world at approximately 50 percent . 
  it could not have been different because the country had to feed a large number of migrants . 
   many migrants , especially those from arab countries-former colonies of france , are used to living on government subsidies . 
  they have been doing it for years , and have been teaching their children this model of social behavior . 
   reduction of benefits would hurt many migrant families . 
  will this provoke antisocial behavior where migrants would outpour their anger in the streets of french cities , destroying everything around them ? 
  91 % over three months . 
  the survey was regarding a weekly basis . 
  perhaps only 50 % use it weekly , yet some use it more seldom . 
  it 's also a couple of years old . 
  so you do n't think disparaging comments about the supposed work ethic and intelligence of various `` races '' is racist ? 
  that is the * definition * of racism . 
  you 'll argue about anything , wo n't you ? 
  keep making racist comments , and i will keep asking for it  for the record , i am not at all positive to islam in general . 
  but it does n't stop at radical islam with you . 
  you 're simply racist . 
  when is this guy going to get banned from / r/europe ? 
  how many comments like this does it take ? 
   blacks are always going to be a burden in europe because they 're simple not that bright and their culture is shit . 
  it 's spelled `` simply '' , by the way . 
  the problem with privatization of vital services is that once you 've done it , there 's essentially no way back . 
  if it 's not done properly , and with proper regulation , you could end up with a service that maybe does n't cost the * state * as much , but costs private citizens more . 
  wait ... were you arguing my side too , and just forgot to add `` here 's what you should say : '' ? 
   you really do not have an open mind , and are hellbent on defending something that is not , once again , a fact , but merely a possibility which is becoming less likely . 
  well said . 
  i was going to give you the benefit of the doubt and talk to you like a reasonable person , but then i read this part :  oh yeah , it 's called a theory , not fact , so you stating it as such is tribute to your desperate hope . 
  if you do n't even understand the word `` theory '' in science , you are n't remotely capable of saying anything relevant regarding the commonly accepted theory of human origins . 
  i also find it funny that you `` weep '' for my intellectual capabilities for accepting the theory that the vast majority of scientists ( who probably * do * understand the difference between theory in science and theory as in * your theory that the jews control the world * ) accept as correct . 
  in short : you did not confound expectations . 
  my ancestors came from east africa . 
  so did yours . 
   so you refute it with anecdotal evidence . 
  here 's what you said :  all mixed kids i 've met anecdotal evidence , you said ? 
  also , it is only your lack of knowledge which leads you to the `` everyone into a tan-skinned , brown-eyed mass '' . 
  it 's a huge misconception , just the sort of thing i would expect from your ilk . 
  we could have a thousand years of mixed marriages , and everyone would still not be the same colour . 
  it 's simply not how it works . 
  it is negotiated in conjunction with the eu 's common fisheries policy . 
  that , by definition , gives us more control than if we were in the eu and had to accept whatever they said . 
  actually , i think we might call it the exact same thing , so i guess it * is * another shared tradition . 
  that would never happen . 
  most people are actually quite positive to the eea . 
  and it 's not as bad as being inside the eu , which is sort of the point . 
  if we were in the eu , we would have much less control of our own farming/fishing , which is quite vital . 
  edit : i do n't see what was factually wrong about my comment , so perhaps if people could reply instead of just downvoting , that 'd be great . 
  follow ... where ? 
  we 're not in the eu , and we 'd vote to stay out of it . 
   usually there is a single whole almond in the bowl , and the person who finds it gets an extra present or a treat . 
  we do that with porridge , and on the day before christmas eve . 
  the winner gets a marzipan pig . 
  our traditions are quite similar to the danes , for obvious reasons . 
  the ` dance around the tree ' thing is here too , but i doubt it extends much outside of families with small children . 
  the by far two most common dishes on christmas eve ( which is the * big * day ) are pretty much [ pork ] ( http://www.norsk-akevitt.org/avapr/objects/arne-brimis-ribbe.jpg ) and [ lamb ] ( http://www.matsiden.no/images/artikler/pinnekj%c3%b8tt.jpg ) . 
  my family have both . 
  on christmas day , at least * my * extended family has a tradition where we go to each other to eat good food . 
  we used to rotate between two , but now there are three different families who do once every three years ( as my youngest uncle got a family ) . 
  i do n't know whether this is a common norwegian tradition or not , it 's just how we 've always done it . 
  oh , and somewhat unrelated , the day before christmas eve ( today ) , we all go to my grandmother to celebrate her birthday . 
  yes , i was n't quite sure what to think either . 
  honestly , i ca n't see how the holy roman empire could ever have anything at all relevant to say about the 21st century european union . 
  it 's a completely different world . 
  i 'm not sure the author understands just exactly what the hre * was * , which seems odd . 
  he says things like this :  for the next 150 years , the `` old empire '' thus drifted into fragmentation and geopolitical irrelevance which implies that the holy roman empire was ever a traditional `` empire '' . 
  if it ever was , it was a long time before the 17th century . 
  the holy roman empire was never * a state * . 
  the author attempts to put nationalism from the 19th century into context with the supposed increased nationalism in the eu today . 
  which to me does n't make very much sense . 
  the greater part of the empire was german , and german nationalism led to one of the most powerful entities in europe ever since . 
  all in all , i 'm not sure what the point is . 
  sweden . 
  maybe russia for the lulz . 
  i guess iceland can come too . 
  on the contrary . 
  sweden and denmark destroy each other , and suddenly we 're the mightiest scandinavians !, 
  yes , that is also true . 
  my mother makes a good point about this , regarding the `` everything was better before '' feeling .
