  you know , the west . 
  i find it a bit funny when people talk about * invasions * , considering the west quite literally invaded many of these areas not * that * long ago . 
  it does n't mean i do n't see any challenges associated with multiculturalism , but i see it as a net positive . 
   argentina is white what 's up with your flair ? 
   why are canadians such abject degenerates ? 
  did colonialism give you people that much white guilt ? 
   america has it 's own fight against immigration and multiculturalism it needs to win . 
  i see . 
   multiculturalism has failed every western nation gotcha . 
  i do n't disagree , but at the same time i know that norwegian carries with it a certain heritage that i would be loathe to abandon . 
  i would be fine with everyone speaking english in addition , though . 
  norway is pretty much already like that . 
  okay , but then that 's even more far fetched than everyone speaking the same language . 
  every language has dialects , and a world language would have them too . 
  it is guaranteed . 
  so you think this german would be more comfortable with english as a hypothetical world language than german ? 
  i 'm not sure he 'd have more luck with all the world 's english dialects , then . 
   dialects in german give me headaches . 
  what makes you think there would be less german dialects if everyone spoke german ? 
  there 'd be a lot more german dialects . 
  i replied , but on second thought this is the right approach . 
  reddit is bad enough as it is right now without us dragging it into / r/europe . 
  they are proving on an hourly basis why the ban was correct . 
  personally i think there are several other subs that could have been banned as well , but the stated reason was that they were n't banned for their opinions , but for their behaviors . 
  you can say a lot about coontown , but they usually do n't actively harass people ( if they do at all ) . 
  reddit has * never * been this up in arms about something , not even at the peak of the snowden story . 
  apparently this is the worst thing that has ever happened , and they are responding with all the self-restraint and nuance of twelve-year-olds who just discovered porn . 
  that sucks . 
   all the smart folk left . 
   source : i left . 
  bad ? 
  no no no . 
   stay even as swedish culture is extinguished jesus wept . 
  i mean , it essentially happened in ww1 too . 
  we had einar gerhardsen ( * landsfaderen * ) , but he only had 17 years . 
  we have n't really had any proper dynasties , though . 
  i do n't think anyone cares one way or another about estonia here . 
  if anything , we find them slightly adorable . 
  you do n't think the people literally risking their lives to give themselves and their kids a better life busted their asses ? 
  do you imagine north africans sit around a table , gleefully going `` now we 're going to go to europe and munch off their tax payers , those suckers '' ? 
  your last sentence is not worth commenting on . 
   now i might have to leave in two years because 1 million guys decided to cheat after setting their own country on fire and popping kids like crazy . 
  maybe i could have phrased it differently , but how is that an ad-hominem ? 
  that is literally your opinion , and which is obviously also the point of the post i replied to . 
  it just strikes me as slightly weird that so many of your recent posts are essentially `` come to x '' . 
  never mind the fact that you admit that you actually live in europe yourself , now . 
  i 'm not saying it invalidates everything you say , it 's just interesting . 
  from your comment history you seem to be suffering under some kind of delusion that ( all ? ), 
  high-paying jobs are going to be moving from europe to south america . 
  why did you move to sweden for work if you work in denmark ? 
  it 's not a major loss , it 's a loss of majority . 
  fairer , surely ? 
  the pension fund has * always * been under certain limitations . 
  it has never been about `` just '' making as big a profit as possible . 
  if it were , we would still be investing in wal-mart . 
  or boeing . 
  nor am i sure what is populist about something that is * unanimously * agreed on . 
  this is n't a small majority forcing their policy on the entire country . 
  yes , technically . 
  but i do n't think people talk about `` prohibition on drugs '' only in the sense of it being illegal . 
  otherwise , statements like `` prohibition is always a failure '' are obviously false . 
  they 're deliberately comparing it to the prohibition of alcohol , which has its own problems . 
   the woman said that the attacker pulled out a knife , pointed it at her and stated that `` he hates white people , '' according to the affidavit . 
  what more do you want them to say ? 
  i checked for similar recent news stories on that site , and i could n't find any mentioning of race anywhere . 
  of course , you 're not exactly unbiased , are you ? 
  in fact , you seem to have picked a side already , considering your frequent posts in / r/coontown . 
  like this charming post :  is there such thing as an innocent nigger ? 
  maybe a child . 
  or this :  educated dogs are still dogs . 
  or this :  if only the murder rate was 100 % of the population in baltimore , the us would be a better place . 
  they 're still killing themselves too slowly . 
  but wait , / u/jackblack2323 does n't only hate black people :  wow look theres a white person defending the black 's in the comments    goldberg  oh jesus christ ... could you be any more of a stereotypical racist twat ? 
  how you 're still allowed to post in here is one of life 's great mysteries . 
  so anything that is illegal , then ? 
  i can only assume that 's what you mean , since you 're using the literal definition and not the one where people compare it to the prohibition of alcohol from * the prohibition * . 
  yes , but russia is vastly inferior to even the late soviet union when it comes to power , and the nato/eu block has only gotten larger ( in size , if not spending ) . 
  some countries might well have it in their best interest to spend more on defense , namely those bordering russia , but there is zero chance of an actual war between nato and russia . 
  some countries have better things to spend money on than the military ( as in spending * more * , obviously * a military * is necessary ) . 
  you did n't legalize it , though , which is what a lot of people want when they make the direct connection the alcohol prohibition . 
  what have issues with is when people make `` end of discussion '' statements like `` prohibition is always a failure '' or `` if you forbid people from doing something they want they will still do it '' . 
  it 's certainly true to a degree , but it 's not the water tight argument some people make it out to be . 
  particularly anarchists or libertarians , who believe society will sort itself out . 
  i just do n't think it 's that simple . 
  i guess you do n't really know very far , then . 
  i 'm not sure what you imagine what grand difference there is between sweden and norway . 
   prohibition is always a failure . 
  i do n't really have a side in this matter , but it always bothers me how people talk about prohibition . 
  as if it can be condensed into one simple label , `` prohibition '' , which then immediately means it is the same as the 1930s prohibition on alcohol , and will be solved the same way ( legalization ) . 
  that 's not even taking into account that there are several countries in the world where alcohol is * still * illegal . 
  what else can we put under the label ? 
  does it have to be something you ingest , or can it just be something people want but are n't allowed ? 
  guns ? 
  what about when it comes to medication ? 
  there is plenty of medication that is illegal to sell in european countries for various reasons , is that the same ? 
  end rant . 
  now there 's just that * other * guy . 
  they 're so different , and yet so similar . 
  europe ? 
  how many immigrants has latvia taken in lately ?
