  or rather , the problem lies in the fact that we do n't know . 
  does he have a history ? 
  is he just playing devil 's advocate ? 
  why does n't he want this seemingly well reasoned ( if not correct ) thread to be connected to himself ? 
  i think he means the fact that you created a completely new account to post this . 
  we have quite a history of being brigaded and raided by somewhat nefarious places on the internet . 
  honestly , i 'm absolutely shocked `` migrantproblems '' was n't already taken , considering the * conversations * we often have on reddit . 
   because they feel that they purchased a product . 
  investing some cash into receiving welfare benefits forever and everything for free . 
  do you really buy into the myth that immigrants are only coming here to collect welfare and council housing ? 
  that 's random . 
  if you use a strong phrase you have to expect being called out on it . 
  honestly , the way you put it almost makes it seem like you think tsiparas is some kind of fsb agent . 
  source ? 
   in my version , tsipras has decided to side with russia far before he won the elections , and he is using greece 's economic problems and europe 's lack of political unity ** to act as a russian trojan horse inside europe . 
  ** you 've got to realize how conspiratorial this sounds . 
  i thank the stars more people do n't believe your version . 
   norwegians and swedes need i say more . 
  yes ??? 
  also it 's their . 
   i have never heard anybody in franconia complain about the naming of france even though they speak a romance language . 
  that 's a bit different , no ? 
  there is a very clear lineage from the germanic franks to the nation of france . 
  personally , i do n't care much for the macedonia-debate . 
  they can call themselves whatever they want . 
  they are being silly for trying to claim ancient macedonia as a heritage , though , and the greeks are being silly for trying to stop the naming of a country . 
   we do n't really need ~ ~ to waste time with the idiots that populate the cesspit that is ~ ~ the comment section ~ ~ of nationalist videos ~ ~ on youtube . 
  fixed it for you . 
  i do n't precisely disagree with you , i just think it 's so unclear that it 's worth debating . 
   this is actually incorrect . 
  polish army was n't technologically superior like german army but it was n't small nor completely backwater . 
  it 's not incorrect , because that 's not what i said :  the polish army , large as it was and bravely as it fought , was still defeated in short order by an overwhelming force ( numerically as well as technologically ) . 
  they had a fairly large army and a fairly modern army , but it was still a fair bit smaller than the german army , and at least in the sense of military doctrine a fair way behind the wehrmacht . 
   if germany would attack only alone it would take literally months to take it . 
  how many ? 
  we do n't know it and we will never know it . 
  again , this is simply not true . 
  the polish army was already * well * on its way to complete defeat by the time the soviets even entered poland . 
  no doubt it sped the conquest up somewhat , but we 're talking a few weeks , maybe , not months . 
   thanks to this he could deal with poland in few days instead of full war over few months ( which poland at that point was prepared for ) . 
  i do n't know where you got this from , but it 's incorrect . 
  the conquest of poland would certainly take longer without the `` help '' of the soviets , but only because poland is n't a small country , geographically . 
  the polish army , large as it was and bravely as it fought , was still defeated in short order by an overwhelming force ( numerically as well as technologically ) . 
  there is simply no way poland could have resisted germany for * months * . 
  not without france getting involved , as perhaps they should have . 
  even the conquest of france did n't take months , and they were far better matched , as well as actually supported by their allies ( something poland never was ) . 
  yes , but why do you assume a war with poland would have brought the soviet union into it ? 
  they were n't exactly allies . 
  the situation was quite different from ww1 , when france and russia were very friendly . 
  and they * had * just lost world war 1 , it 's true , but that might just be an argument in favour of attacking again . 
  keep in mind hitler and the nazis did n't believe the german army was defeated in the previous world war , but that they had been stabbed in the back by the jews , the socialists , the social democrats and the liberals . 
  superficially , that does n't seem so strange . 
  the last time they had a two-front war they managed to defeat russia , and as far as they were concerned the surrender happened before the germany army was ever truly defeated , and before any enemy soldiers had even crossed into german territory ( a far cry from what happened in world war 2 , in other words ) . 
  really , we 've strayed into counterfactual history here , and that 's always a difficult subject by its very nature . 
  i just do n't think it 's good history to blame world war 2 on the soviet union , despite all the other things we can blame them for . 
   ww2 is a result of nazi-soviet agreement . 
  that 's simplistic . 
  there is every reason to believe hitler would have gone ahead with an attack on poland even without molotov-ribbentrop . 
  you could just as easily blame the west for that , considering the soviet union used the allied abandonment of czechoslovakia as cause to pursue the agreement . 
  now , that probably was n't the whole picture , but you can understand soviet fears that if the west was willing to let germany have their czechoslovakian allies , they certainly would n't lift a finger to help the soviet union if hitler attacked . 
  not that that excuses conquering half of poland , mind . 
  do you have double-barreled tanks ? 
  come back when you do . 
   `` it 's good time to stop blindly support one side '' those bastards !, 
  actually , the sun and the earth both revolve around a common , separate point in space . 
  it 's just that said point is somewhere in the sun . 
   illegal immigrants that 's the thing , they presumably * would n't * be illegal immigrants . 
  you snooze , you lose , i guess . 
  if anything it belongs to sweden , since they came after you guys . 
  besides , we did n't leave ; you lost us . 
   what a stupid thing to say . 
  in this day and age , being scared of getting killed by islamists is not such a grotesque thought . 
  that must explain why the last and by-far most deadly terror attack in the history of norway was perpetrated by a white , norwegian fascist . 
  or that the last group which tried to impose a society with total dedication and total obedience in norway were norwegian nazis . 
  stupid , indeed . 
  oh no , that 's awful . 
  you 're from poland , right ? 
  you just proved my point . 
  there probably are n't even 0.1 % muslims in poland . 
  this is a well known phenomenon . 
  did n't pegida start out of one of the regions with the lowest amount of muslims in germany ? 
  you fear what you do n't know , and if your only experience with muslims is the news on tv and populist politicians , it 's really not a surprise . 
   again , they would n't need to nuke anything , having the threat in the background is sufficient to stop russia 's bullshit . 
  again , i disagree . 
  i repeat : in any such scenario russia would know that ukraine would n't use nukes except in a declared war situation , and would accordingly avoid one such ( as they have now , even without the threat of nuclear war ) . 
  india and pakistan fought a limited conflict in 1999 , when at least one of them was a nuclear power , and possibly both . 
  in fact , it 's surprisingly similar to the ukraine conflict , in that pakistan blamed insurgents even though it has since been proven that they were directly involved . 
  what stopped india from nuking them ? 
  what made pakistan attempt anything against a nuclear power ? 
  the nuclear deterrent only works as a deterrent if the opponent believes you will use them . 
  there 's no way india would nuke pakistan ( starting a far more serious and destructive war ) over a relatively small conflict in kashmir , and pakstain knew that . 
  similarly , there 's no way ukraine would nuke russia ( or even more unlikely : eastern ukraine ) over anything short of full scale war . 
  and russia would have known that . 
   if someone jokes about the italian military i 'm gon na kill him . 
  you and what army ? 
  they have n't so far , have they ? 
  they 've officially and repeatedly stated that there are russian troops in ukraine . 
  they 've even used the word `` war '' on several occasions . 
   tthe commenter above is correct , russia 's shenanigans would n't have happened if ukraine had nukes . 
  and i just do n't agree with that at all .
