   fixed that for you . 
  fixed that for you . 
  i 've bought a fair few pizzas in my time , but i 've never thought of tipping pizza delivery guys . 
  lately they do let me punch in the final sum , but i 've never considered that maybe it was so i could tip . 
  although , jobs in norway are pretty much always paid in such a way that no one has to rely on tips in the first place . 
  if i 'm supposed to tip anyone , no one told me . 
  i guess if i ever get exceptionally good service , i 'd tip . 
  i am not really an art lover of any description , but i remember that this painting made an impression on me when i was first learning about the french revolution in school . 
  it really helped making the `` message '' more powerful . 
  whether or not this case is real , this is a well documented phenomenon . 
  stated and overstated , but that 's pretty much how some people come off with the lengths they go to to explain away all of these amazing coincidences . 
  the crusaders hastened the decline , but the turks started it and ended it . 
  my favourite part was the 16 year old who said that he threw stones and fruits at the houses of pakistanis to show them that they should respect greece , from a norwegian news article . 
  there 's a disconnect in there somewhere . 
  you 're right , i definitely know nothing about the eu , despite beginning my first post with the words `` i am against norwegian membership in the eu , '' and having talked about it before . 
  i will also definitely change my opinion about it because some caricature propaganda-cartoon poster was abrupt with me on the internet and go against my well founded conviction . 
  the intensity . 
  turn it down . 
  your post reads more like alarmist propaganda than a presentation of factual arguments , which is a shame since many of your underlying points are probably close to the truth . 
   all i said is that it would be costly , backwards and depressing , that 's hardly being overly dramatic . 
  yeah , you 're right , saying `` you will then have to live with the shame of destroying your own country for the rest of your miserable over-regulated life '' is n't overly dramatic at all . 
  add to that your chronic lack of paragraphs and your frantic style and you 're doing more to push me * towards * the eu than away from it . 
  oh , and norway does n't have a president . 
  all of which has nothing at all to do with the reason why norwegians are massively against joining the eu . 
  i am against norwegian membership in the eu , but this is an incredibly over dramatic post . 
  like it 's been mentioned , the representation is proportional to population , so we 'd barely even register . 
  right now , we have the right to veto eu directives , though it 's not something we use often ( or ever ? ) . 
  keep in mind that if we 're in the eu , that 's it . 
  we wo n't be able to say no if they democratically decide on something we really do n't want . 
  i 'm pretty sure i live further north than the vast majority of people who live on greenland . 
  i 'm also sure people from greenland would n't take kindly to being used in more of your nefarious danish schemes . 
  southerners ? 
  that 's adorable . 
  i never really thought about it this way before , but it just struck me how cosmically amusing it is that we , who were the little brother country of the bunch for 700 years , are the ones who end up finding the massive amounts of natural resources . 
  you should have thought about that before you made us speak danish . 
  spitsbergen ? 
  as in ... norway ? 
  you 're talking about propaganda from bbc , who are state-controlled . 
  i think that pretty much qualifies as `` the man '' . 
  ah yes , stephen fry , infamous mouthpiece of the man . 
  though i can see why the right-wing press would n't be too fond of a homosexual and aggressively atheist intellectual . 
  of all of those words , the only one they can relate to is `` aggressively '' , and possibly `` and '' . 
  helpful comment . 
  the lack of a year counter is really annoying . 
  otherwise it 's quite nice . 
  read the rest of my comment , please . 
  i already pointed out that we * do * capitalize those words when they refer to the specific parties . 
  i also pointed out that it does n't matter . 
  nazi is capitalized , that 's just how it works . 
  and even if it did n't work that way , the phrase is still `` grammar nazi '' , because that 's just how * that * works . 
  i 'm not sure i get your point . 
  do n't you call someone who is part of the conservative party a conservative ? 
  and part of the democratic party a democrat ? 
  and part of the liberal democrats a liberal democrat ? 
  to be honest , it does n't even matter . 
  it 's a fact that nazis are referred to as nazis . 
  hell , * that * does n't even matter . 
  the term is grammar nazi anyway . 
  which we 've truly embodied the spirit of today . 
  well , better to be a correct grammar nazi , 
  it does n't matter . 
  nazis is still nazis . 
  the nazis were actually referred to as the nazis , 
  the nazis were a specific party , though . 
  if you 're talking about national socialists , perhaps you do n't . 
  i 'm also pretty sure you should capitalize the n in nazi . 
  read that again . 
   sexist, 
  at the same time our petroleum production is declining quite rapidly , though it 's thought to flatten more out in the near future . 
  norway , or as it is also known : ice sheet . 
  ah , that does makes more sense . 
  `` dalliance '' with civilization ? 
  it 's been `` civilized '' for as long as most of europe , and it was * more * civilized than most of europe for that period . 
  i 've seen this map before , and i 've got my doubts . 
  i do n't see at all how you could categorize norway like that , so how am i supposed to trust what it says about the rest of europe ? 
  well , i suppose it 's only fair that we claim iceland ... 
  i guess there 's occasional reports of women being raped there , usually young women who are there to party . 
  i 'll let you think on it for a minute . 
  i still do n't know what b\u00f8rk is supposed to mean , but i approve . 
  particularly one that follows the claim that `` general opinion and hardliners never indicates any true reality . '', 
  would this powerful force for good overthrow democratically elected governments , like it did during the cold war ? 
  you say `` the usa wo n't defend europe forever '' , which raises the question ... from what have they defended us against lately ? 
  it also seems like you 're not only saying that the us military budget should n't be decreased , but that europe should increase its budget too more match the us , which is something i do n't think i 've ever seen any european suggest . 
  you mention china as someone we could then `` push harder against '' , but how would we do that ? 
  threat of war ? 
  i think you 'll find using hard power or the threat of hard power against china is very much a fading option . 
  because marriage has very real effects , such as when it comes to taxes and inheritance . 
  and those effects are entirely secular . 
  it should not be the purview of the religions to say who gets those and who does n't . 
  their stupid , unfounded , bigoted views . 
  tell me about it ... at least those are generally more harmful to themselves than society . 
  except when they are anti-vaccers , though we do n't seem too have too many of those . 
  i ca n't imagine 7 % of norwegians go to church regularly . 
  i 'm not sure i can imagine 7 % going once a year , even . 
  is it more of a cultural thing ? 
  just put him on ignore . 
  he 's not even a very good troll . 
  you 're going to have to ask the guy who made that claim , i was speaking generally . 
  for the last few months , at least , in the case of this subreddit . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't any prejudice against jews among these scum .
