  as sondring says , they were well received . 
  they may not have experienced the occupation , but if they had been here they might have been used against the people . 
  as it was they were in the country throughout the invasion , moving steadily north as the germans were gaining ground , until it became clear there was no hope for a military victory . 
  there would n't even have been any government and royal family in exile if not for a lucky shot by oscarsborg fortress on the bl\u00fccher , which was full of germany soldiers who were going to occupy the capital and secure the government , the members of parliament and the royal family . 
  that could be the case . 
  the norwegian government in exile had come back and resumed their positions , along with the royal family . 
  it would be impossible not to make a fuss about the soviet union simply taking a part of the country . 
  they could have just sort of ... taken it , though . 
  not a lot of people lived ( or live ) there , and even less then because most had been evacuated ( read : driven out ) by the germans who were burning the entire region to the ground . 
  it also borders russia , so it would n't be a terrible stretch . 
  or at least that was what many politicians were fearing . 
  barbarossa did n't fail , it was a huge success . 
  the follow-up failed , though . 
  i would n't say there was * that * much of a distraction on the western front either , considering the vast majority of german divisions were already on the eastern front . 
  the normandie invasion certainly sped up the eventual victory , though . 
  the soviet union liberated finnmark in northern norway , and promptly left despite concerns that they would stay . 
  true , but this guy was n't either . 
  is this the guy we were talking about a week or so ago , and some polish guy ( who was apparently from the polish version of reddit which turned into the polish version of stormfront - or something ) tried to defend his claims that women should n't be allowed to vote ? 
  or is that another insane polish far-right politician ? 
  do n't worry , pretty soon you can measure your karma in feet or inches . 
  we 've gone from working 14 + hours to 8 , why is it suddenly such a massive leap to imagine going to , say , 6 hours ? 
  trials have been run on it and they have generally shown that it can actually be quite beneficial . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your first two concerns . 
  why would society need to `` train way more people '' ? 
  most countries have unemployment rates below 10 % , what kind of massive difference do you think those extra 10 % could do ? 
  and no economic theory i 've ever seen has stated as a goal to keep unemployment rates up to save society money . 
  that sounds like complete nonsense . 
  there are plenty of countries with quite low unemployment rates , and they are n't precisely suffering for it . 
  your third point seems frankly absurd . 
  not even north korea are irrational enough to start a war they know they could never win . 
  would you call the soviet union rational ? 
  they were constantly worried about whether their actions could start a confrontation with the us neither side wanted . 
  do n't . 
  russia ca n't win a war that involves the rest of europe , so they wo n't start one . 
  most of them are n't members of far-right parties either . 
  and that one is a fair point . 
  leopold is n't particularly vilified in belgium , i think . 
  quite . 
  hitler 's `` economic miracle '' is highly overrated . 
  if germany did n't go to war when they did , the entire economy would have collapsed in short order . 
  really ? 
  i could probably point to twenty communist parties in europe that are part of the democratic process . 
   i expect they chose the 25 figure as that is when the majority will have graduated from uni . 
  which is reasonable , and i do n't understand why that is n't the highlight in the report too . 
  seems pretty obvious that not a lot of people aged 16-20 ( or for a few more years , even ) will have finished any kind of tertiary education . 
  i did n't even notice that . 
  i ca n't find the 25-64 number anywhere in the report , though . 
  did they just think that `` more than two-fifths '' sounded better than 39.4 % , so they created a new category which is is n't in the report but which is almost certainly true anyway ? 
  that seems pretty ... silly . 
  the article says this :  more than two-fifths of people aged 25-64 in scotland are educated to tertiary level the report says this :  in 2013 , scotland had the highest proportion of usual residents aged 16 to 64 with an nvq level 4 or equivalent and above qualification ( higher national certificate , higher national diploma or degree level ) , at 39.4 % assuming nvq level 4 is what they are referring to as `` tertiary level '' , why would they do that ? 
  it 's such a small difference to simply lie about . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  did n't someone try telling me in another thread how low irish wages were compared to the cost of living ? 
  various courses , as well as a masters degree on the soviet union under stalin . 
   the rape of belgium as an example , shocked the world with its butchery and barbarism . 
  yes , because it happened in a world where people could * know * about these things happening . 
  six thousand people were killed out of a population of millions . 
  compared to armies occupying foreign territory in conflicts in the preceding few hundred years , that 's not a whole lot . 
  the noble soldier and glorious general idea was definitely a thing , but i do n't think it was ever really true . 
  in the eu *, 
  i honestly do n't believe it had anything at all to do with it , i 've got to say . 
  we 've been moving * towards * the idea of civilians as not valid targets in war , not from it . 
   it was the same shit back when napoleonic tactics were the norm and everybody stood in well-organized lines with the hope that it would reduce disorganized casualties and free the civilian areas from the burden that had nothing to do with it , to be fair . 
  why are denmark , norway and iceland three different categories when they are all variations on `` ting '' ? 
  also , i wonder if it should n't be `` stortinget '' instead of `` storting '' . 
  there is only one storting ( stortinget = the storting ) . 
  you 're making a mountain out of a molehill here . 
  if he had an agenda he probably would n't have included soviet pows into the figures . 
  he 's probably just talking about camps because that is the usually discussed element of the holocaust . 
  he already lists soviet pows , though . 
   a 2 minute video clip from the romanian tourist board is n't going to sway me , friend . 
  while a trip two decades ago provides ample evidence ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he was referring to concentration camps only . 
  you 're / u/ahsurethatsgrand , are n't you ? 
  he was responding to an american , just fyi . 
  i never said you said that either , i was just making a point . 
  things are more expensive in norway , but that does n't mean swedish people have more disposable income . 
  does n't ireland have a higher gdp per capita than northern ireland , at which point it makes sense that prices are higher in ireland ? 
  norwegians regularly drive to sweden to shop , that does n't mean i 'd rather live and work in sweden . 
  i bet a coca cola , small or large , is cheaper in ireland than in bosnia relative to the wage level . 
  different prices in different countries does n't mean someone is being ripped off . 
  hey , that 's not nice . 
  if it was n't for us you would just be an uninhabited rock . 
  svalbard is north-pole-norway . 
  finally they found something / r/europe can get behind , judging by the disgusting half of the comments so far . 
  hey , do n't bully island-norway . 
  you might also see them as terrorists , but surely you have to see them as separatists ? 
  it 's funny to me that you : a ) seem to think all 51,939 subscribers on / r/europe will have read your post in the half an hour you gave it before moaning b ) seem to think being subscribed to / r/europe on reddit translates into `` much voting wery knowledge '' c ) used the phrase `` much voting wery knowledge '', 
  this is the one , guys . 
  this is it . 
  the world has finally gone mad . 
  we did it . 
   the party 's leader korwin-mikke has called to abolish women 's suffrage , arguing that most women were not interested in politics anyway , and that women would more often vote for a welfare state . 
  [ 1 ] please tell me someone saw that on the onion ? 
  read the first comment again . 
  history is great , because maybe the next time they wo n't . 
   and maybe a light flip off to the west as well , but it 's not like they could have done anything other than operation unthinkable . 
  they could have not sold out czechoslovakia to germany , pushing the soviet union into the molotov-ribbentrop treaty . 
  well , not almost all . 
  a whole big bunch , though .
