  considering we would have had the danish crown prince as our king , i think that stretches the definition of * free * . 
  he did accept our constitution though , which did us a lot of good when sweden came knocking . 
  so we are grateful to ol' kristian frederik for that . 
  we did n't leave ; you lost us to sweden , remember ? 
  and they were a lot nicer to us than you guys were . 
  frankly we 're well over you . 
  pretty sure we were there before you guys . 
  on that topic , can we get dublin back ? 
   the same can be said about schools where we are pretty average on the pisa tests and the universities are not highly rated . 
  pisa testing should not be the # 1 indicator about the quality of education . 
  for some reason a lot of people are ignoring a hundred years of pedagogy research in favour of a very particular set of tests . 
  our universities might not be highly rated , but we are a nation of 5 million , and i believe universitetet i oslo is highly enough rated for that . 
  they 're also all completely free , which i would take in a heartbeat over a few top ranked universities that cost fortunes to get into . 
  i also do n't agree that most public services are `` quite mediocre '' . 
  you know , whenever i see something like this posted i have to laugh at the inevitable responses that go something along the lines of `` but that racism was n't justified , this one is !, 
  '' , as if that is n't pretty much a guinness world record in ironically missing the point . 
  word imperialism is the worst kind . 
  highest taxed in the eu * your title is the actual title of the article though , strangely . 
  `` active tourism '' . 
  i guess they could say there is only one answer to foreign conquerors , and it 's not a discussion with beer and bratwurst . 
  they were still better off than 99 % of people , so they were certainly upper class . 
  sweet !, 
  i would say mainly our treatment of the sami minority . 
  for a while , and this is only half a century ago , there was a concerted effort to make them as norwegian as possible . 
  they were put in boarding schools where they were n't allowed to speak their own language , along with a general repression of sami culture . 
  there was no acknowledgement of their status as a minority which has lived in norway for a long time . 
  these days they have their own parliament , although it is only advisory in nature , and areas with significant sami minorities have signs in both norwegian and sami . 
  it 's also possible to learn sami as a third language in some schools , instead of the usual spanish , german or french . 
  that period also saw some pretty harsh treatment of other minorities like the kvens and the roma . 
  another one could be our treatment of those deemed to have betrayed the country after the occupation of the germans . 
  on the top it meant bringing back the death penalty for a few dozen , when the death penalty had been abolished long before , and has been abolished since . 
  the most shameful treatment was when it came to people who had n't even been a part of nasjonal samling ( the nazi party of vidkun quisling - which many would have joined during the occupation simply to protect their families ) , but had , say , been deemed to have been `` friendly '' with germans . 
  quite a few girls had fallen in love with german soldiers , and many had gotten pregnant . 
  those girls were essentially shunned from society , and their children were often bullied and mistreated . 
  it is a * bell pepper * , though . 
  one of us , one of us !, 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : ? 
  american ( standard ) 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  welsh ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : ? 
  norwegian 2 . 
  english 3 . 
  dutch well , that 's ... interesting . 
  to be fair i did study a bit of english . 
  it still knew i was norwegian , though !, 
  i have no idea where that welsh comes from . 
  it must be the british english part of it , since i * do * try to speak and type more british english than american english . 
  clearly it 's not working very well . 
  you swedes and your crazy words . 
  i 'm separating the phrases translation and literal translation here , though . 
  there is no literal translation of the word paprika from swedish to english , because paprika is a word in both languages . 
  and while the translation of bell pepper is paprika in swedish , the literal translation of bell pepper in swedish is something else , but still probably involving the word pepper , which also exists in both swedish and english . 
  or something . 
  would n't the literal translation of paprika be ... paprika ? 
  i mean , that is still a word in english . 
  but bell pepper literally translated would turn into two swedish words that i 'm not even going to attempt to say . 
  well , i suppose one of those would still be pepper . 
  this has been my most stimulating reddit discussion for several days . 
  i honestly do n't know what is the proper way of using the phrase , but when i say `` literally translates as '' i mean the individual components of the word/phrase translate as . 
  like how `` living room '' in english is `` stue '' in norwegian , but the literal translation would be `` leve rom '' , which is n't an actual word/phrase . 
  i think this is what wikipedia says , and as we all know wikipedia is never wrong . 
   literal translation , or direct translation , is the rendering of text from one language to another `` word-for-word '' ( latin : `` verbum pro verbo '' ) with or without conveying the sense of the original . 
  or maybe that just talks about full texts and phrases and not at all about words . 
  i am literally stumped . 
  figuratively . 
  bell pepper is english for what we call paprika , yeah , but i know enough swedish to know that `` bell pepper '' would * literally * translate into something else in swedish :p, 
  well it does n't * literally * translate to bell pepper powder , but i know what you 're saying :p, 
  well i 'll be damned . 
  still not how a straw man works . 
  i did n't present that as a common argument and then refuted it . 
  that 's not how a straw man works . 
  oh yeah , i guess they do . 
  never tried any , though . 
  are you sure ? 
  i know our kind of paprika is called bell pepper , and what brings up paprika on wikipedia is something that does n't have a norwegian article ( except a nynorsk one , which i think is just a mistake ) . 
  i have no idea what we call that in norway , because this what we call [ paprika ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qmurw3n.jpg ) . 
  you 're not doing your scare tactics properly . 
  here , i 'll show you . 
  on the graph , the 0-14 age bracket is 10 times as high as the 60-74 bracket . 
  assuming that holds - and obviously there is no reason to assume it wo n't because reality and logic have no power over me - in 50 years a full 110 % of germans between 0 and 14 years will be muslim . 
  you do n't get to say that if you live south of the arctic circle . 
  it 's in the rulebook . 
  did n't you admit to being a racist in another thread ? 
  and to not supporting democracy in a third thread ? 
  and also this :  apartheid also increased quality of life for whites and blacks . 
  and this :  i am a fascist , and i believe all of what i wrote . 
  and this :  i like franco and what he did for spain i doubt you 're interested in not `` stirring up shit '' . 
  but ... it 's finland , not finnland . 
  the dream is dead . 
  i do n't get it . 
  to be fair , red * is * the colour of socialism . 
  and turkey 's flag . 
  also apples . 
  well , red apples , at any rate . 
  hell , in a way you could say they let germany itself go . 
  granted this was at the end of the soviet unions lifespan , but they could have made a fuss , and they did n't . 
  france , the united kingdom and other countries were n't happy about it . 
  sure , but it was still done with what essentially amounted to ancient weaponry . 
  the german 's were n't expecting it to take down the bl\u00fccher , and i doubt the people working the armaments were either . 
  i 'm all for some patriotism , but i 'm pretty sure northern siberia is even colder than finnmark :p,
