  i 'll admit i took some childish glee from inserting those sign-offs , but i 'd say you had it coming . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  you just admonished me while using the word first-hand experience , while in the * previous post * you told us about those `` educated female friends '' you have from saudi arabia who tell you that saubi arabia is n't quite a awful as you might think . 
  that 's your first-hand experience , is it ? 
  i know you americans have a word for entrepreneur , but do you have one for hypocrisy ? 
   reddit is definitely anti-us through and through reddit is half american , you absolute tit . 
  that post sure went from possibly informing to laughably insulting rather quickly . 
  i 'm sorry , i guess i 'm not that familiar with american ways of communication . 
  i 'd * much * rather live in iran than in saudi arabia . 
  saudi arabia is a thoroughly atrocious country . 
  i think people might be under the impression that syndabokk is making a joke . 
  i 'm fairly certain he 's serious , judging by his * one other post * . 
   he studied , lived and died in denmark . 
  i wo n't dispute the rest , even the pesky mountain people ( although we prefer mountain/coast people ) but this is misleading . 
  he spent the first 18 years of his life in northern ( best ) norway . 
  then he went to denmark to study for three years , before coming back to norway . 
  to summarize : he grew up in norway to a danish father and norwegian mother , went to school in norway , studied abroad ( denmark ) for a few years before going back to norway , and then to greenland ( american norway ) , funded by people from norway and naming his company after a norwegian town . 
  admittedly he did die in denmark , but that just means you killed him . 
  i honestly did n't think this was controversial at all . 
  he 's definitely considered more norwegian than danish . 
  i do n't even want him , but them 's the facts !, 
  besides , who cares about churches ? 
  he was born a few miles from where i am sitting now , which is more than a few miles from denmark . 
  hand 's off , dane . 
  do you have a statue of him outside your house ? 
  he 's ours . 
  norway , streamlining danish since 1814 . 
  aldri !, 
  greenland is n't * really * danish because of vikings . 
  the norse ( norwegian/icelandic ) settlements ended , and they were later resettled by people who had n't been vikings for a few hundred years . 
  usually `` b\u00f8nder '' . 
  if all else fails , go with leopold and congo . 
   i personally don \u00b4 t really believe in corrective power of prisons , but at least they keep associals out . 
  what do you mean you do n't * believe * in it ? 
  as in you do n't think prisons should do it , or you do n't think it actually exists ? 
  recidivism rates in the czech republic are apparently some of the highest in europe , but low recidivism is n't going to happen on its own . 
  norway has some of the lowest rates in the world , and it 's hard to argue that the rehabilitation-focus of the prison system does n't have something to do with that . 
   why ? 
  because eclipses freak polar bears out ? 
  that would be the implication , anyway . 
  i see you did n't do it on purpose , though . 
  actually , something * does * happen to wildlife during an eclipse , nature seems to go very , very quiet . 
  the telegraph 's title is '' * eclipse tourist in svalbard mauled by polar bear * '' , which is not the same thing . 
  it is fair enough if it 's an honest mistake , but if it was during the actual eclipse it would `` spice up '' the story , implying if could be connected to the eclipse . 
  he was a solar eclipse tourist , but he was attacked well before the eclipse began . 
  potato , potatii . 
  the swedes and us have the same suicide rate as you , and iceland and denmark are a little bit lower . 
  you have to look at different reasons for why finland is so comparatively high . 
  i 'm pretty sure i read that the glass in welding masks does not give you enough protection , and that it 's still very dangerous . 
  that matches up by virtue of you being wrong , essentially  although , i guess it 's possible to statistically have more depression than anyone else , but still have the highest average happiness . 
  northern lights make us happy . 
  estii is n't going to into nordic with that attitude . 
  edit : apparently it 's eesti , so clearly i can not into baltic either . 
   extremely butthurt about the franco regime the word butthurt has never annoyed me more . 
  what a useless word . 
  for $ ngland !, 
  it 's interesting seeing pictures of northern lights from further south , they 're always so close to the horizon . 
  the major part ? 
  i 'd dispute that . 
  he was definitely * well * on his way with the cult of personalty in the thirties . 
  together we are mighty ... er than canada . 
  it 's okay . 
  i may or may not have been but definitely was making a passive-aggressive comment about you dismissing scandinavian countries as `` small states '' in another thread . 
  i do n't know , what would a bunch of * small states * possibly have to offer each other ? 
   you could drive all day and still be inside it . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not true . 
  well , unless you were going in a circle . 
   there may be a lot of other trade offs , but your local agriculture would profit . 
  i very much doubt that could ever be the case . 
  i 'm not sure you realize how much we 're subsidizing our farmers already , so they can compete with cheaper imported goods . 
  furthermore , we use customs to protect our agriculture from imported goods in a way that i doubt would be possible in the eu . 
  you used to have norwegians in ireland , too . 
  if you want we can come back with some salmon ? 
  we border russia , you know . 
  it 's not as much about the profits from the oil , which we would keep anyway , as the control over certain industries . 
  we like having * some * agriculture , which would be nearly impossible if we were in the eu . 
  we also like having control over fishing . 
  it 'll happen eventually , i reckon . 
  but not for a while , and not if the eu does n't manage to escape the current crisis . 
  i 'm actually personally positive to the eu as a concept , but i still do n't want norway in it for the moment . 
  i think you 'll find it 's nato keeping russia out of norway , not sweden , 
  if that 's a bet that we 're going to join the eu `` soon '' , i think that 's a bet you 'll lose . 
  eventually , probably . 
  not soon . 
   because the richest do n't want to share their riches i was n't aware any country joined out of charity . 
  i genuinely ca n't tell if you 're a deliberate parody or just an accidental one . 
  good name , though . 
  it 's not something we take pride in , it 's just something that * is * . 
  also , we have very low unemployment , so i do n't see how it 's a bad thing . 
  we 've got a lot of polish carpenters , does that mean that we 're not producing enough carpenter-minded personnel ? 
  no country the size of norway can be perfectly self-sustaining . 
  which makes the current support for syriza extra interesting . 
  are they as popular as the media makes out ? 
  i 've seem figures of 45 % + support , up from the election . 
   and there are tunisia and so . 
  yeah , there sure is tunisia ... 
  the strike just started a few days ago , and a massive expansion of it was being planned until norwegian preempted it by cancelling all domestic flights and hiring flight crews from elsewhere to make the rest . 
  now some international flights from norway are being cancelled , as well . 
  who knows how it ends . 
  i believe this affects the rest of scandinavia as well , but i 'm not sure .
