  it 's a classic , for sure . 
  it might be simply because we were so `` proficient '' to begin with . 
  after one of the sharpest drops , we 're still in a safe second place . 
  that said , i still do n't think we 're getting anything but more proficient at english . 
  actually , we teach our kids english earlier than we used to ( 1st grade , now ) . 
  i very much doubt that there 's a negative trend . 
  i was going to comment on how absolutely unbelievable that sounds , until i remembered i have actually seen that done in norway . 
  once . 
  well , once every year . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c5%99i_o%c5%99%c3%ad%c5%a1ky_pro_popelku ( three nuts for cinderella ) this is shown every year during christmas , and is done exactly like that . 
  one guy doing all the speech , with the original slightly lower . 
  the veto laws thing i can believe , but dissolve parliament ? 
  w know it . 
  up next : etymology-map of the european words for gypsy . 
  they are in english too , just not in writing . 
  i do n't believe the atlantic was frozen as far south as brittany . 
  doggerland , which is further north , did after all exist * because * of the glaciation even further north . 
  i definitely agree regarding asia and the middle east , but not europe . 
  if we 're talking about one distinct group killing a lot of europeans throughout the years , i 'd probably go with germans . 
  of course , a lot of the time they were killing other germans , but then there have been a bloody great lot of them . 
  no , but she was still a blue-eyed , blonde roma . 
  yeah , that 's the `` since the 1400s '' part . 
  you know why it 's called turkey ? 
  because the people who live there are turks . 
  the fact that you just called it an arab country does n't bode well for the rest of your comment . 
  bosnia is 40 % muslim , i guess that makes it not european too ? 
  given its history , i would include the entirety of turkey , to be honest . 
  it 's basically been a part of europe since the 1400s . 
  hell , before that it was a core part of the roman empire , which gives it a good connection to europe . 
  according to our former opposition , current government , norway has worse roads than albania . 
  can we please play ? 
  we 're actually further east than most of you guys anyway . 
  how you 're getting upvoted for a comment like that is beyond me . 
  you 're clearly very proficient at putting up straw-men and knocking them down . 
  i do n't know where you 've found people who think the molotov-ribbentrop pact is western propaganda , or even did n't exist at all . 
  the molotov-ribbentrop pact is a historical fact , and i ca n't think of any historian who tries to cover it up . 
  thanks for including the `` white self hate '' comment , just in case someone was n't quite sure how much of a walking stormfront stereotype you are . 
  i had you tagged , and i was wondering why . 
  suffice it to say it soon became obvious . 
  and yes , i do think you 're white , considering you say things like this :  b-but . . white `` culture '' is racist and xenophobic !, 
  and this :  hey , at lest you have your white privilege . 
  nevertheless , we all now blacks ca n't be racist to whites so stop complaining . 
  and this :  i could call it racism , but if i were to be white ? 
  well , then i would just had to shut up and take it . 
  this :  incorrect , just white people can be racists . 
  educate yourself . 
  or this , where you reply to a guy claiming to be both jewish and white :  i have news for you . 
  or this :  because its racist wanting to preserve your culture ... , if you 're white . 
  and many , many more . 
  should n't you be cheering the russians on ? 
  they are white after all , and judging by your comment history race is the single most important aspect to a person . 
  half your comments are poorly disguised bitter rants about how unfair it is that people think only white people can be racist . 
  of course , in the other half you do go on about feminists , communists and political correctness , so i guess you 're a multifaceted person . 
  interesting , except it has fuck all to do with the monarchy * or * religion . 
  it 's a genuine slippery slope . 
  except the reason it 's slippery is from the tears of fundamentalists and bigots . 
  you have only been settled by two of them , 
  that 's norwegian too , though . 
  been to rotterdam a few times ( my grandparents lived there for nearly a decade a few years ago ) , and i quite like it . 
  it 's a different kind of city . 
  well yeah , but you germans speak funny . 
  \u00c6 sounds like ae , \u00d8 does n't really sound like oe , even though that 's sort of how it 's supposed to be spelled if you do n't have the letter . 
  language , yo . 
  \u00c6 is literally the most logical letter in the alphabet . 
  besides , you guys used to use it too . 
  sure thing germany , * other countries ' letters * are weird . 
  you would think the same would be for the part of northern norway that has university of troms\u00f8 . 
  maybe not the top bracket , but at least not the bottom bracket . 
  it also mentions some icelandic characters . 
  it may be because those are `` older '' than the norwegian ( and other nordic , and presumably a lot of the rest of europe ) special letters . 
  it 's weird that it seems so comprehensive , yet does n't even mention letters like \u00c6 , \u00d8 , \u00c5 . 
  i am not sure what `` eu candidate '' means on this map . 
  the chances of norway joining the eu in the near-distant future are essentially nil . 
   or is this sort of like accusations of antisemitism , where the only time you ever hear about them is from people who are supposedly being accused of it ? 
  you what now ? 
  israeli officials call people antisemites all the time . 
  premier club languages . 
  and of which norway is a founding member , and still does n't make the cut . 
  bergen is only 22nd ?!, 
  that is almost unbelievable . 
  we 're certainly embarrassed that our society managed to produce a vile fascist scum like him , you 're right about that . 
  i think you deleted the post because you made your true agenda clear for all to see . 
  from your link :  the saint-pierre-aux-liens , a 19th century neo-gothic parish church was scheduled for demolition in 2007 by the city council . 
  with only the bell tower and crypt remaining , the current church will be replaced in 2016 , which will be cheaper to maintain . 
  are you some kind of moron ? 
  should it , though ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i 'd say we focus a little bit more on the british one . 
  we 've always been oriented more towards britain than germany , and that has only increased now that essentially everyone can read english . 
  we have a princess who has an angel school . 
  it 's a school that teaches people to communicate with their personal angels . 
  our crown-prince seems fairly intelligent , so we lucked out on that one . 
  he 's probably named gustav . 
  or johan . 
  oh , we give you a fair amount of attention too . 
  more than the danes , at least . 
  i guess the monarchy should start taking care of itself too , then . 
  our media ( and probably our people , to be fair ) are much more interested in the american election , followed at some distance by the british election . 
  this one is featured a decent amount , although the `` still merkel '' story does n't have a lot of kick to it . 
  count on the american to miss the joke .
