  i know sweden were supposed to have close relations to germany , as norway did to the uk . 
  a nearly impossible one . 
  norwegian independence had british support , and tentative support from the rest of europe . 
  that lack of support had been the reason the union was forced through in 1814 in the first place . 
  but i love counter-factual history as much as the next guy , it 's quite fun . 
  it was mostly a joke , but i do think it * is * necessarily true . 
  the same reason hitler invaded norway would lead to him invading sweden , in all likelihood . 
  particularly if the brits showed the same intentions towards sweden-norway as they did norway , which is to say the germans thought they were going to invade . 
  norway did n't have any oil in ww2 . 
  it was solely because of the position and geography ( very long coast ) . 
  besides , if the nazi 's * did n't * invade , the british surely would to cease the iron and steel exports . 
  who does n't love a good bit of infrastructure ? 
  you realize that if norway was still under sweden by the time ww2 came about you guys would be invaded , right ? 
  oscar was just thinking ahead , good old chap . 
  yeah , that 's how it 's used in norway too . 
  that map says `` europa '' because writing `` the rest of europe '' would be tedious and silly . 
  i 'm afraid you 're wrong . 
  denmark-norway was a personal union of two kingdoms . 
  there was a period where `` norway '' did n't exist , but it had ended by the time tordenskjold was alive . 
  admittedly norway was less of an entity than it was under sweden , but still , 
  sort of , but we 're talking about the 18th century here , not the 13th . 
  there was definitely some sense of nationality . 
  of course , we were a union , so it 's not quite as bad . 
  hey now , he was norwegian . 
  we claim him . 
  he * was * in your ( our , sort of ? ), 
  navy , though , so i 'll allow it . 
  barely . 
  `` tool '' was too harsh , but surely there is no doubt in anyone 's mind that aftenposten is a mildly right-wing paper ? 
  i do n't like you . 
  go away . 
  i have to admit i got a little bit nervous when my first was san marino . 
  once i actually looked at the map it was pretty easy . 
  crap , there goes my journalistic integrity :|, 
  reading the comment section there is pretty amazing . 
  i particularly like the discussion that arises when one guy says that he visited finland in 1990 and saw soviet military installations . 
  after being repeatedly told there were none , he maintains that he has `` a number of photos '' . 
  there 's also the thrilling debate involving `` k-dog '' who insists the only reason finland has n't been invaded by china or russia is us military spending . 
  comedy gold . 
  assailed ? 
  he was in his house , they were not . 
  he decided to take a gun and go out and confront them , in a massive failure of judgement . 
  what we * do n't * need is to become more like america in this . 
  no , you do not have the right to shoot someone who bangs on your door and wants you to come out and fight him . 
  you have the right to call the police , and defend yourself if they make their way inside . 
  just another reason not to go out of his house and confront them , is n't it ? 
  are you his defense lawyer ? 
  `` yes , honoured court , what * actually * happened was that the defendant accidentally shot one of the hooligans . 
  but what if the complete opposite had happened ? 
  if it does n't fit you must acquit '' . 
  that he did . 
  unfortunately , someone asking for it is n't a valid reason to shoot them . 
  they were definitely some idiot kids , but he still handled it completely wrong . 
  it does n't say if he called the police or not , but either way going outside to confront them was the wrong thing to do , and certainly coming out with a gun . 
  what if they charged him and managed to take it from him ? 
  come on . 
  you know damn well this is a lot more than `` person has certain features of a certain animal '' . 
  we 're number 1 , we 're number 1 !, 
  there are many things that are forced though . 
  like taxes . 
  or documentation when you do this or that . 
  it 's how society operates . 
  again , i think the mandatory service system should be removed , but i do n't think it 's inherently wrong , as long as an alternative is given to those who are opposed to the military . 
  i have been done for two years . 
  they called me in twice , i was studying both times . 
  i ca n't imagine why they would want me now anyway , considering only a third of the people of the right age even get called in . 
  i know more people my age who have n't been in the military than ones who have . 
  yes , we have that too . 
  although i did n't have to do either , because i was studying when i was called in . 
  my point was that no one is forced to go to the army . 
  civil service is not the same thing . 
  and that is coming from someone who thinks mandatory service should be done away with . 
  take a look at that map . 
  and then realize that the red-green government will in all likelihood be replaced by a centre-right government in the election that takes place in a few months . 
  i think we just get bored with governments , really . 
  and norway . 
  norway !, 
  pretty sure you do n't have to do that . 
  do people even read the articles that are posted on / r/europe anymore ? 
  this is a sensationalist title ( from the article , mind ) , and people seem to just look at that and go into daily mail mode . 
  funnily , the exact question in your comment would be answered * by reading the article * . 
  opened with `` lol '' , ended with `` get a life '' . 
  nonsensical comment in the middle . 
  it was just making a point , really . 
  his reply does n't give a good indication of why we 're not in the eu , or why most people do n't want us to be in the eu . 
  particularly since he 's obviously in the minority that does . 
  i just wanted to provide an equally biased counter-argument to your biased , not to mention simplistic , claim . 
  while the opposition knows four words : tax less spend more ( particularly when it comes to the government pension fund ) . 
  which is surely going to go just dandy . 
  oh , he was norwegian ... well . . 
  i know , but ... how could you forget about us ?!, 
  after all we 've been through ? 
  i think we need some more time apart . 
  cheers !, 
   but if you go to germany , poland , denmark , sweden , finland , the netherlands , england , ireland , france , spain , italy , austria , switzerland , portugal or the czech republic , chances are you will get along with german and english just fine . 
  wtf man ? 
  i guess we 're friendly in norway , but you 're going to have to start the conversation . 
  i do n't want you to make a video about eurovision , but i kinda want you to make a video about eurovision . 
  you seem to think you 're going to get somewhere by repeated ad hominem attacks . 
  you 're not .
