  ah , yeah , that was pretty much what i was trying to say . 
  inconsistency is definitely not his problem . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding . 
  ah , now i see what is going on . 
  you think think neutrolgreek is just some concerned , reasonable citizen who dislikes extremists . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i think he 's just as bad and just as dangerous as those extremists . 
  he 's just a different kind of extremist . 
  to be perfectly honest , i do n't see how you got that impression out of those quotes i already posted . 
  he does n't say `` extremist religion is terrible , why ca n't we all just get along ? 
  '' , he uses very clear far-right rhetoric . 
  this is even more clear the further back you go , although i realized it not by going back in his comment history but by seeing his posts in / r/europe as they happen . 
  now , res tells me i 've upvoted you quite a bit , so i 've got to assume you do n't subscribe to far-right values , which makes me wonder why you would defend him . 
  if you think you 've got opposition to religion in common with him , i do n't think you realize why * he * thinks the way he does . 
  i sincerely doubt it 's the same reason why you do . 
  for their own citizens . 
  their elections are possibly even more corrupt , their economy is worse , and they still use the death penalty ( as the only country in europe ) . 
  that said , a quick look at wikipedia just told me that belarus have a significantly lower gini coefficient ( good ) and a slightly higher human development index score , so maybe i 'm wrong . 
  it 's funny how your entire comment is two sentences , one of which asks what my point was , and the other explaining exactly what my point was . 
  in reverse order . 
  obsessive-compulsive seems harsh . 
  i just like naming and shaming people for saying stupid shit . 
  i do n't think it 's a waste of time , just as you do n't think it 's a waste of time to tell me something i already know . 
  is n't belarus even worse than russia ? 
  even a broken fascist alarmist is right twice a day . 
  ancient proverb . 
  i would have gone for `` the anglonid caliphate '' myself . 
  if i was so inclined , of course . 
  putin pays me to follow you around . 
  i can definitely see why you are an authority on outrageous claims :  when their population reaches near majority , you will see how `` tolerant '' your beloved muslims are , you fucking idiot . 
  -  be a good goy and do not question your superiors -  this entire `` multicultural '' experiment is a trojan horse -  londonistan of the united kaliphate kingdom ( ukk ) -  it is true that many turks are actually very pale , `` whiter '' than greeks . 
  ** but turks are still not considered white because your entire counties history revolves around destroying white culture . 
  **  being ` white '' is not a skin tone , otherwise persians would be considered white also . 
  `` white '' is a culture , history , moral code . 
  etc  stop trying to be white , you will never be accepted by europeans and you seriously look pathetic doing so , like you just did with your `` green eye turks '' comment . 
  -  belgium wont even exist in 30 years the way it is heading  it will just be called belgistan by then i was bored enough today to go back two weeks in your comment history , but i 'm sure your 6 months on reddit has produced many more . 
  socialism is n't a subset of communism , it 's more the other way around . 
  neither of them have anything to do with fascism though , so bleahbloh still does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  the house of * lords * claiming something is `` wrong in principle '' , that 's bloody rich . 
  mediocre effort . 
  that 's my favourite kind . 
  but rises again , harder and stronger . 
  hang on ... the germans ... putin was right all along !, 
  i agree . 
  these days the germans are constantly looked down on in this subreddit , while russians have it plain easy . 
  wait ... something about that feels a bit off . 
  it seems like wherever i go , your posts are almost always being downvoted immediately , before going back up . 
  i 'm starting to think you might have a fan club . 
  well , fan-ish . 
  he obviously is . 
  projecting a bit , are we ? 
  he never said any such thing . 
  the usual russian `` kiev is nazi '' propaganda ... from the eu ? 
  do you not realize saying things like that make you seem as deluded as the russian shills ? 
  i wonder what the ukrainians will think of this part , though :  the differences between `` ukrainian '' and `` russian '' people are cosmetic . 
  the distance between kiev and moscow is about same as sacramento to san diego . 
  peacekeeping troops are almost * never * there to fight unless fired upon . 
  you 've only got a couple of thousand of the other kind in dr congo , and that is a lot worse situation than even eastern ukraine . 
  i believe it , i just do n't think it helps his case that it 's a 3 hour old account that has essentially only posted this very post . 
  that 's bang out of order , and you 're completely undermining your own post . 
  i do n't even know what this means . 
  how could someone be * seen * as social democrats if they do n't even identify as social democrats ? 
  social democracy is n't just some vague `` left-of-centre in your country 's political system '' thing . 
  no one could claim that the democrats in the us are `` seen as social democrats in the us '' , even though they are hilariously the left-wing alternative . 
  politicians in norway have incredibly been using sweden as an example * to follow * when arguing for privatization . 
  other politicians have been pointing out what you just did , that it has been a net negative experience . 
  of course , right now we have that first bunch in government , so ... c'est la vie . 
  man , i ca n't wait until you find out that all higher education in norway is free . 
  and yet , the top voted comment is one casually asking how many of the protesters are native belgians . 
  that is a very american list of swear words , though . 
  it 's missing these and more : - twat - arsehole - bollocks - shite, 
  that ... is my new favourite analogy . 
  because i do n't like it when my country is worse off . 
  it 's not a german situation if it does n't take an austrian to fix it . 
  and cypriots stuck in the middle . 
  it 's not a german joke if it does n't take three sentences to explain . 
  i admit , this is n't something i 'm very clued up on . 
  i could n't even find anything about it on wikipedia , and i do n't read italian so most sources are out of my reach . 
  however , i do remember reading about it a few times , and a quick searched turned this up just now : http://qz.com/228517/italys-comedian-turned-politician-has-helped-bring-back-measles/ are there any italians out there that could expand on this ? 
  thank odin !, 
  we 'll make our own free trade agreement . 
  with black gold and a ban on prostitution . 
  i do n't like this . 
  beppe grillo , the leader of the supposed `` anti-political '' movement in italy , the five star movement , actually has a deeply anti-scientific view on vaccines and diseases like aids . 
  it 's no coincidence that measles is making a comeback in italy . 
  i 'm not too sure on what you 're saying here . 
  i do n't think the molotov ribbentrop pact was there because germany * needed * help , it was there because hitler wanted to make sure he would n't face a two-front war as in world war 1 . 
  a third of poland to the soviet union was a deal sweetener , to put it like that . 
  i 'm almost certain germany did n't have any problems with poland , and would n't have any problems occupying the rest if needed . 
  by the time the soviets moved in the polish army was essentially defeated . 
  it 's not a knock on the polish army that it got defeated so quickly , the same happened to the french and very nearly the soviets . 
   ( without the ribbentrop/molotov pact i 'm not sure if he had invaded at all ) . 
  i agree with this , though . 
  not because he could n't take poland and france without russia . 
   you just try raping a woman there and the international courts are gon na fuck you back . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves , here . 
  there have been numerous killings , so i imagine the hidden numbers for rapes are a lot higher . 
  it 's miles better than ... the battle of berlin , for example , but it 's still not great . 
   it 's interesting what would have happened if stalin did not take power - would the soviet union have collapsed in front of the nazis ? 
  or would the country itself be more united and powerful without all the slaughters and conquering he did ?
