   the only peoples that defend the irish like that are those that do n't know them . 
   the only peoples that defend gypsies like that are those that do n't know them . 
  i know we joke about threads on / r/europe being targeted by stormfront , but that 's only because at some point * threads on / r/europe were being targeted by stormfront * . 
  and this one definitely is . 
  the mods need to take some action or this subreddit is going to go to shit again . 
  it 's really quite chilling how easily racism towards gypsies has become accepted . 
  i see more of it in / r/europe than i see out in the real world , but then there are very few roma in norway . 
  look at this comment replying to the top comment in this thread :  i have a romanian friend who ca n't get a job just because the image of romanians has been destroyed by gypsies . 
  it is a great shame that your people are associated with gypsies . 
  it is `` controversial '' but still easily staying in positive karma . 
  try to replace `` romanians and gypsies '' with `` americans and blacks '' , or `` germans and jews '' . 
  they can excuse it all they want , but this is stormfront style rethoric , and people are barely batting an eyelid at it . 
  same with this one further down :  yeah , because any gypsy in england obviously is n't there to steal or to beg . 
  how racist to warn the passengers . 
  no , and i never said anything of the sort . 
  perhaps you should try to debate what people actually say , not just what you indignantly imagine they say . 
  he said `` major european powers '' , and you know very well he did since you quoted it yourself . 
  it 's an undisputed fact that all major european powers had colonies . 
  whatever you meant to say , you did say `` you ca n't bring up things from the 1800s in a serious debate about a real issue '' . 
  for one thing saying 1800s when you mean 1880s makes it sound a lot older . 
  secondly , when it began is hardly the only relevant thing about it . 
  european nations had colonies until the 1960s . 
  i agree that you can only take the `` blame game '' so far , but that 's hardly ancient history . 
   a place like miami is very different from a place like minneapolis every country has regional differences . 
  sure , most countries are n't as large as the us , but even so . 
  are you finnish ? 
  because there 's data about denmark . 
  man , the middle ages were so romantic and quaint . 
  trial by ordeal , what 's that ? 
  you have to go on a caravan holiday with your extended family ? 
  oh yes , absolutely . 
  integration and assimilation are integrering and assimilering in norwegian , s\u00e5e ... jah . 
  surely it was talking about integration , not assimilation ? 
  we 're going for the nature prize . 
  as someone who has lived all their life north of the arctic circle , it 's always a novel thing when going further south for summer and it being both dark * and * warm . 
  it just seems wrong . 
  taking sunny walks at 2 am during summer never gets old , though . 
  it just gives you little bit extra energy . 
  `` 26 million people in europe are looking for work . 
  and whose jobs are they after ? '', 
  literal `` they took our jobs '' . 
  urban dictionary , well known for its accuracy . 
   and giving them civilisation my `` bad history '' alarms are going going off at full tilt . 
  there 's a joke about thor heyerdahl being everywhere first , including the moon . 
  that man got around . 
  so you think google as a corporation should take sides in global politics ? 
  i just realized it lists `` same uniform '' twice , in addition to listing all the individual parts of the uniform , like mask , gloves and pants . 
  stunning journalism . 
  he does look suspiciously similar , but i had to laugh a bit at `` same mask '' and `` same gloves '' . 
  they 're black . 
  most military/paramilitary masks and gloves are black . 
  does he prefer consoles ? 
  i doubt even putin would say something as obviously xenophobic as `` the russian customs and traditions are not compatible with the lack of culture or the primitive ways of most minorities '' . 
  that 's classic far-right nationalist bullshit . 
  i 'd definitely call lapskaus a stew . 
  i do n't think it fits in this thread , though , since it 's a specific dish , not a descriptive word . 
  must say i 've never heard your example phrase , perhaps it 's more local . 
  poland can into black ops . 
   young european alliance for hope ( yeah ) gtfo, 
  ignoring the date for a bit , the sources listed in that article are as follows : - blogs - youtube videos - people on the street saying `` i know some muslims who support fn '' cutting edge journalism . 
  around the eu . 
  we can do this the oil money way or we can do it the longship way . 
  feck off *, 
   but at least one commission member suggests darth vader 's campaign could be an attempt to discredit the upcoming election - possibly by russia yeah ... no . 
  damn right . 
  and bergen ( and with it most of the medieval norwegian economy ) basically only exists because of fish from northern norway . 
  on the other hand , we * did * give norway per-willy amundsen , which spoils the entire deal . 
  i think we 'd lobby pretty hard for you . 
  that border is long , man . 
  are you saying you agree with him ? 
  about the ... coup d'\u00e9tat in ukraine ? 
  well someone took nimic , on account of it being a bloody word in some language or other !, 
  i did not expect to run into vu-people on reddit four years after the fact . 
  in a discussion about poland . 
  nice . 
  cobra ? 
  well damn . 
  i have n't played vu for many years . 
  putin is quite conservative himself . 
  talking about nazis is just a useful tool in russia . 
  while all of that is true , you ca n't get away from the fact that he answered putin when asked * which politician he most admired * . 
  you 're also quoting him as saying he has more respect for putin than politicians in britain . 
  that 's not the casual `` hitler was terrible , but he was a good orator '' - type statements you sometimes get . 
  then do n't be polite for the sake of it , be polite for the sake of the argument . 
  if someone uses that kind of language in debates a lot of people are immediately going to sympathize more with the other guy . 
   you truly are a fucking moron  listen here you fucking idiot was that really necessary ? 
  it does n't make your post seem any more reasonable - quite the opposite . 
  he just does n't believe in that whole `` science '' thing . 
  if he ca n't smell it , it ai n't real . 
  i love how everyone else was swapped with countries they really rather would n't be , and we 're given ... iceland . 
  iceland is alright . 
  well , obviously red is the superior colour , but red white and blue on nordic cross is still a winning design either way . 
  iceland is actually perfect , since they are basically us ( and we are basically them ) . 
  their flag is almost as pretty as ours , too . 
  i 'm chuffed . 
  finland did n't , though . 
  i also think it 's a mistake to constantly be comparing situations to the winter war . 
  the soviet army was poorly trained , poorly equipped and poorly led . 
  it learned quickly , but the situation is very different now , even with the decline since the fall of the soviet union . 
   i 'm not so sure about it .
