   soviet union was never respected by anyone . 
  come on , you 're talking about a huge and powerful entity spanning a century , do n't you think that 's a little bit hyperbolic ? 
  that picture might not show much , but let 's not pretend we do n't know where he stands . 
  for one , this is the former [ svoboda logo ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/12/i%d0%b4%d0%b5%d1%8f_n%d0%b0%d1%86%d1%96%d1%97.svg ), 
  literally never heard that before . 
   poland 's biggest burden is its insistence on history . 
  always looking back while everyone else is speeding ahead . 
  they 're probably afraid history is going to come get them . 
  touristically ? 
  that 's ... not a word !, 
  but wo n't be . 
   a shared king and a shared foreign policy , but separate armies , separate constitutions , separate parliaments , etc. 
  crimea has two of those , although they do n't have a separate army . 
  you can also say that the dissolution between norway and sweden happened peacefully , but there were forces in the swedish government that wanted to keep the union by force , and norway had spent the previous couple of decades strengthening the military and building forts along the swedish border . 
  also , i have to point out that it was n't `` just '' a shared foreign policy . 
  just a few years earlier the king , the swedish king , had been free to appoint the norwegian prime minister and government as he saw fit , and he could veto any changes to the constitution , effectively dictating norwegian policy . 
  the fact that that was n't the case by 1905 is only because the norwegian parliament fought to remove it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's like the ukraine-crimea-russia situation , but it 's still something that is worth keeping in mind , particularly for norwegians . 
   and the vote is still incredibly sketchy . 
  i would n't be surprised if there was fraud involved if only 184 people in the entire country were opposed to it . 
  it does seem likely , yeah . 
  when norway dissolved the personal union with sweden ( completely against the wishes of sweden , by the way ) , 99.95 % voted for and 184 people voted against . 
  sometimes i wonder if people in norway forget about that when talking about crimea . 
  of course , the one big difference is that norway at the time did n't have any foreign soldiers in it which could sway the situation . 
  hey ... surely norway is iceland 's ( proud ) big brother ? 
  you can move back in with us again any time you want . 
  how did they get a quarter of the vote if they are so obviously not concerned about bulgarian interests ? 
  are you saying india is n't a world power , but israel is ? 
  i wonder if he 'll delete the submission now that it 's shown to be completely false . 
  that might be the least realistic map i 've ever seen . 
  and i read fantasy . 
  the facts are that scandinavian prisons have far lower recidivism rates than british prisons . 
  of course you 're going to find some people who abuse the system , but that 's not an argument to change it as long as the numbers are low . 
   if war so happens baltics will be occupied in a few hours and there is a big question if they would be recaptured by nato or whatever later on . 
  there is n't a chance in hell that nato would let a nato member be occupied . 
  i do n't know . 
  i just had to correct your `` few hours of sunlight '' claim . 
  we 're very protective of our polar night . 
   and regardless , when it 's very cold , there 's still a few hours of sunlight . . even in norway . 
  you only have to go half-way up norway before there 's a fair-sized period during winter where the sun does n't rise above the horizon . 
  it 's the same with the midnight sun during summer . 
  there 's no sun up here when it 's very cold . 
  well , that 's not true , there 's some a little bit of the year . 
  does n't the sun shine exactly as much up north as anywhere ? 
  it just shines at different times . 
  protection against the soviet union , probably . 
  they gained some points with us from not staying in finnmark , but we still did n't entirely trust them . 
  it definitely was n't our mineral wealth , though , because we do n't really have any . 
  and we did n't find oil or gas until a few decades later . 
  i do n't think that 's exactly what we 've been trying to project the last couple of decades . 
   in that sense an invasion of mainland ukraine has always been inevitable . 
  uh , what ? 
  i 'd say an actual invasion of mainland ukraine is very unlikely , and certainly far from inevitable . 
  two things mean norway in all likelihood wo n't be in the eu for a few decades at least : fish and oil . 
  we really rather like having control of those . 
  maybe a nordic union instead ? 
  no , norway was definitely a founding member of nato . 
  the treaty of brussels is n't nato . 
  edit : never mind , i misread your comment as saying that it was n't , while you were actually saying you were n't aware . 
   norway and sweden are less liabilities than the aforementioned border states , but who is to say they will be considered assets ? 
  there are already a number of wealthy european nations who contribute little , and expect everything . 
  how do we know these countries will be any different ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying here . 
  you are aware that norway was a founding member of nato , and that sweden is n't in it ? 
  it would be a tough sell . 
  nearly all political parties in norway are in favour of remaining a member of nato , and we would never join a nordic defense treaty while still a member of nato . 
  i 'd be for it . 
   russia is one nation and a dictatorship . 
  i know we 're not very fond of putin over here , but russia still is n't a dictatorship . 
  yeah , about that ... 
  i have no problem at all understanding swedish , but when i talk to a dane i always have to concentrate and it takes me a few seconds to puzzle out what they just said . 
  i do n't think most of them are loan words , they 're just words with roots in the same language . 
   the current russia may be capitalist and `` democratic '' , but in reality its just continuing a 800 year tradition that started with the mongol khans , of absolute autocratic rule . 
  that makes for a neat and tidy narrative , but i am going to assume you realize history does n't work like that . 
  you 've been corrupted by america , we do n't expect much of you any more . 
  that 'll definitely promote reconciliation . 
  you are the real fascist . 
  i 'm not sure how things work in crimea , but in norway the parliament can vote to get rid of the prime minister at any point , because people do n't vote for prime ministers they vote for parties ( or representatives ) . 
  we will have a serious shortage in a few years , yeah . 
  it 's actually part of why i decided to become one ( job prospects ) , and while i 'm fairly new that was still 7-8 years ago . 
  i know for a fact that many teachers will seriously consider quitting teaching if this happens . 
  i probably wo n't , but it wo n't make me a happy employee . 
  it 's going to be pretty disastrous . 
  the problem will be that some political parties will be able to run the populist `` look at how good the teachers have it '' line , and many people will accept that narrative . 
   and to top it all off they had a lock out of the teachers last spring because the teachers insisted that they needed time to prepare their teaching . 
  we 're headed for that direction in norway as well . 
  the government ( or rather the government-connected ) negotiators want to take away the long vacation for teachers . 
  which sounds fine in theory , if you do n't know how the system actually works here . 
  half of the summer vacation is the same as everyone else 's , and the other half is not technically a vacation , but `` pay '' for all the extra work teachers do during the school year outside of the actual school . 
  now they want teachers to spend that time in school . 
  during summer . 
  * when there are no students there * . 
  which will a ) be good for next to nothing in itself and b ) lead to one of two situations , depending on the teacher . 
  some teachers will still do the same work , except now they are working more than they used to because all that `` vacation '' they had is now work time . 
  many will burn themselves out . 
  others , good teachers who are otherwise able to separate their job from their free time will simply stop working when their day ends , and be completely justified in doing it . 
  no matter which it is , it will hurt the students . 
  right now the parts are miles from each other , as the teachers wanted * more * freedom to decide where to do their work , not less , and were rather shocked at the administrative response . 
  there might well be large-scale strikes this spring , and after that who knows . 
  no no no , there 's no free containment casus belli or expiring cores .
