  i can guarantee you that i see more sun than you during summer . 
  well , maybe not personally , because i spend most of the summer inside , but . . you know . 
  generally . 
  i imagine most people here would agree with you . 
  or at least i hope so . 
   do n't know but i do n't think i would not oppose it . 
  you 've been taking lessons from putin 's pr crew , i see . 
  it says so right in the map . 
  non-nationals , split into eu or non-eu . 
  they celebrate it every year . 
  never mind the fact that he uses half of this interview to talk about all the muslims that do n't support the `` caliphate '' and their methods , not to mention the entire shiite religion . 
  is his islam a religion of peace ? 
  obviously not , as he says himself and as we already knew . 
  there are a billion of them , though . 
  if the is or even just the methods of the is had the support of a billion people , this would be a lot worse . 
   officially founded in 1905 , after finally ridding itself from swedish rule woah woah woah , hold on a minute . 
  norway was a separate kingdom throughout the entire union with sweden . 
  as it was during nearly the entire period under denmark , except for a decade or two where norway was officially just a province in denmark . 
  this is not the sort of thing to get wrong for a quarter-norwegian . 
  otherwise an enjoyable read , though , so we 'll allow this one mistake . 
  he 's also sort of presenting the `` norway only became wealthy with the oil '' myth , but then he 's just comparing us to the other scandinavian nations , so i guess that 's okay . 
  edit : this is also a somewhat strange thing to say , but now i 'm sort of looking for mistakes . 
  it 's still a solid b for the effort . 
   just 20 years ago , oslo was a sleepy , provincial town known mainly for annually handing out the nobel prizes . 
  the allies used plenty of nazi ( even ss ) officials in the post-war west german administration . 
  perhaps out of necessity , but that still does n't make it pretty . 
  okay , that makes sense . 
  that is to say , their use of the postcode digits does n't make any real sense , but the explanation does . 
  i live in harstad , and i 've lived in troms\u00f8 , and the harstad region in particular is actually one of the most dense in northern norway ( besides the actual island of troms\u00f8ya ) , which is n't possible to see using their method . 
  i do n't understand what they have used for the norwegian ( inland ) borders here , and that sort of gives the wrong impression of northern norway in particular . 
  they are n't municipalities , and they are n't counties , so i 'm a bit perplexed . 
  the flags of those countries/provinces has nothing to do with scotland , beyond scotland being the reason the uk had that particular flag at the point of these countries ' independence . 
  changing it just because the current uk flag changes would n't make any sense . 
  oh yeah , all those communist parties in the swedish parliament . 
  you do n't consider the sweden democrats far right ? 
  that is some incredible mental gymnastics you just went through . 
  there 's so much wrong with this . 
  that 's ironic , we could say the exact same thing about the red-green coalition that was voted out of office in the last parliamentary elections in norway . 
  government fatigue is a very real thing . 
  considering what i am have him tagged as , i 'm not the least bit surprised . 
  because three scandinavians talking about their countries is now a circle jerk . 
  really , 4th grade ? 
  i was taught english in norway from 3rd grade i believe , and i think it 's 1st grade now . 
  so is finland . 
  is it really `` censoring an opposition graffiti '' , or is it possible it 's just `` painting over ugly graffiti ? '', 
  and 98 % of the subreddit you spend so much time in . 
  enough times to know their agenda . 
  and if you think the guardian is far worse than them , then frankly i know yours too . 
  yeah , you 're right , i just crave the acceptance of strangers on the internet . 
  that must be it . 
  you rank fox news higher than the guardian ? 
   as i think the guardian is the worst english speaking media outlet i have ever come across that may be the silliest thing i 've read today . 
  and i 'm on reddit . 
  they are n't being badly treated now . 
  they definitely were , though . 
  have there ? 
  if they exist , they have n't exactly made any noise in norway . 
  and either way the area probably would n't be a tenth of that map . 
  sweden feels pretty much exactly like norway . 
  i also understand swedish just about as well as i do some norwegian accents . 
  south ossetia and abkhazia happened long before the independence of kosovo , so how could it have been a precedent for them ? 
  i winced when i saw that flag , and i 'm not even british . 
  not to mention it 's no doubt a completely false statement for many countries ... `` or at least in my country . '', 
   but i hope they try nuclear wars are hilarious . 
  how could it go any further ? 
  are you afraid norway is going to occupy brussels ? 
   first , it 's occupation , not annexation it was both . 
  i 'm trying to figure out if you 're being sarcastic , or if you really think `` stopping immigration '' would keep people desperate enough to flee their homes in ragged , overfilled boats from trying to get here . 
   this is surprising to the uninitiated visitor - after a trip to the local supermarket revealed that the cheapest pasta , bread , cheese and chopped tomatoes would come to around $ 50 . 
  i do n't know what supermarket they went to , but i do n't think it was one in norway . 
  it 's expensive here , but it 's not even close to that . 
  you 're linking to not very well written wikipedia article with no sources , so i doubt he qualifies . 
  did n't it appear that she had n't even scratched herself , just drawn it on ? 
  iceland * wishes * it was that far north . 
  there was another version . 
  also , you messed up your quote . 
  you 're ... you 're serious ? 
  i 'm afraid that 's as good as it gets from that clown . 
  hitler was leftist ? 
  oh , that explains why he was targeting social democrats , socialists and communists , and why the conservatives handed him power . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  sweden is essentially two nations in one country , if you go far enough back . 
  just saying . 
  why only eu members ? 
  sure , but that 's because our exports are so monetarily dominated by petroleum and natural gas , which russia does n't need any of . 
  our fishing industry is very important to maintain communities particularly in the north , and that relies heavily on the russian market . 
  how do i put this lightly ... that 's shit . 
  edit : and i 'm pretty sure that 's atari et . 
  i doubt most europeans are happy about the sanctions from russia . 
  some countries at least , like norway , have large industries that rely on the russian market . 
  only if they change their flag . 
  i 'm * pretty * sure texas is n't flatter than denmark . 
  hmm , village would be landsby in norwegian . 
  we do have a bunch of places with `` stad '' in them , but we do n't really use it as a word any more . 
  by is city or town , at least in norwegian . 
  thanks . 
  you 'll get here , too . 
  no , i am well aware that you americans have a stupid system essentially ruling out a third party ever being represented on the national level , which leads the vast majority of people not to vote for those third parties . 
  although judging by your nickname and your posts ( * lol * ) , i doubt you 're old enough to vote , so i do n't blame you for not following politics so closely . 
  there are many ways in which the democrats are further to the right than frp .
