  even if ukraine had nukes , russia would know that ukraine would never use them unless their very existence was threatened . 
  as despicable it is what is happening in eastern ukraine right now , ukraine as a country can not and will not cease to be . 
  who would they nuke , if the scenario were exactly the same except they had nukes ? 
  eastern ukraine ? 
  obviously not . 
  moscow ? 
  doing so would push the scenario from one of a very localized rebellion supported ( passively and actively ) by a foreign power to international condemnation , nuclear retaliation and probably global war . 
  oh yes , i do n't mind ferguson . 
  i did n't mean to shoot you down completely . 
  i edited my post to clarify what i meant , and i think your examples would very well fit into the idea that some people were no doubt not expecting the war to actually break out . 
  that said , the 20th century is recent enough that the idea of people thinking theirs is a more peaceful , interconnected time might fit it much more than the rest of human history . 
  i just do n't think that the original phrasing `` literally littered with people '' has any particular truth to it , as some overreaching concept in world history . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't think that 's correct at all . 
  there were significant powers on all sides that wanted a war , and that were expecting a war . 
  furthermore , before ww1 war still had a certain glorious valour attached to it that largely is n't there any more , the feeling of a noble calling of men . 
  people * wanted * war . 
  no doubt there have always been people who did n't think that war was going to happen in any given instance , but i definitely do n't think that equates to a claim such as `` littered with people believing that [ war ] could never happen to them '' . 
  everything that has happened so far could have happened just as well if ukraine had nuclear weapons . 
  they would never , ever use nuclear weapons over anything short of a full-scale , declared war with russia . 
  they 'd be mad to , and russia would know that and continue their shenanigans . 
   it 's funny because history is literally littered with exactly that , people of a time believing that it could never happen to them , then it did . 
  source ? 
  i 've studied history , and what i 've read does n't seem to match that . 
  finnish secret service keeping a close eye from the back . 
  you do n't really have a monopoly on `` arches with things on top of them '' . 
  other than that they do n't really look the same . 
  well , yeah ... it says so right there in the article . 
   police in sweden said while they suspected that the weapons had been ordered by ** criminals ** in the stockholm area and other parts of the country , they were surprised at the size of the shipment itself . 
  that 's what you were thinking of , right ? 
   but he knew that the norwegian goverment , incase of war would align with the allies and not the axis powers . 
  that 's impossible to know . 
  the source you 're presumably using ( illustrert vitenskap historie ) also does n't actually state that he did n't know the nationality at the time of the attack , only that he did n't know it half an hour earlier , but it 's quite likely . 
  edit : other sources seem to confirm that he did n't know their nationality until after ordering the attack . 
  and there 's no cure for being a cunt , sadly . 
  what happened to the comment asking why it was necessary ? 
  was it deleted by the user ? 
  nothing more needs to be said , really . 
  take your pick of swedes or danes . 
  this is pretty easy once you 've done the sporcle one a dozen times . 
  there you have to actually remember how to spell liechenchzhenstein , not just know where it is . 
  he lives in montreal , so he 's about as far north as milan . 
  he does n't live in the north , in other words . 
  well , i guess americans would call him a northerner . 
  this was posted a few days ago , was n't it ? 
  it was a joke , and you seem really upset about it . 
  no one said someone said it was supposed to be a nordic cross . 
  do some reading . 
  that is possibly the ugliest flag i 've ever seen . 
  they are n't even nordic crosses !, 
  not if they keep insulting you . 
  yes , there is no better way to get people back to work than making them homeless . 
  because , as we all know , homeless people have a very advantageous position in the job market . 
  oh yeah , nobility is exempt from that . 
  they would n't have consummated the marriage until she reached puberty , though . 
  i think you 're reading a lot into it that is n't there , to be honest . 
  it 's not exactly a secret that puberty is happening earlier . 
  there 's no pc conspiracy going on here , at least not in norway . 
  you do n't consider 200 years ago in the past ? 
  i can assure you that parenting was a lot more stressful in the 19th century than now . 
  i think you would be pretty stressed too , if you had to work in a factory 10-12 hours a day . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i 'm 100 % sure puberty is earlier now than in the past , and no one can argue that we have tougher childhoods than before . 
   in the past people married at puberty , 12 or so . 
  this is a myth , no ? 
  puberty in the middle ages was closer to 16 than 12 . 
  oh yes , i did n't mean to imply that the state was n't somewhat to blame either . 
  eh , it 's complicated . 
  they were originally involved , but he managed to set up his own operation that he essentially funded and ran like a business . 
  he was not a nice man . 
   as congo was basically his private property literally his private property , actually . 
  surely that 's part of his point ? 
  i do n't see how your comment makes any sense . 
   my view is that stupidity , just like entropy , is always growing . 
  that 's nonsensical . 
  as much as i enjoy the implication that i am the master race , that 's fucking stupid . 
  edit : oh , you 're american . 
  is this another one of those veiled `` you do n't have black people '' things ? 
  i guess the survey did n't cover punctuation . 
  i thought i had somehow stumbled into / r/funny for a second . 
  i was terrified . 
   go visit russia if that 's the side you 're willing to take . 
  what a ridiculous thing to say . 
  nah , you generally do n't build cool stuff based on how much total space you have , but how many people who can enjoy said cool stuff . 
  quite . 
  the luck actually ran both ways , as well as the incompetence . 
  the fairly new norwegian defence minister tried to call for a partial mobilization ( for who knows what reason ) , not realizing that unless he called for a full mobilization the call for mobilization was sent out * with post * . 
  not , as he assumed , by radio . 
  that 's something i already knew , but recently i learned about another good one , which happened when a small , largely insignificant defensive position during the defence of oslo asked for permission to disengage the germans . 
  it was given , but unfortunately somewhere along the line the order was mixed up and the entire defence of oslo stopped fighting . 
  everyone , except for the guy who ordered the incredibly lucky and/or skilled attack on the bl\u00fccher , which carried thousands of germans looking to occupy the capital and capture the government and the royal family . 
  everyone who knows a lot about weser\u00fcbung knows about bl\u00fccher already , but i had never realized just how lucky we got . 
  compared to the danes , you guys were positively loving mothers . 
  as much as i like to look down on denmark , this was very well illustrated during world war 2 . 
  the danes surrendered within a couple of hours , simply because they had no way to fight . 
  reddit is n't anti-us , it 's anti- * you * . 
  look , mate . 
  you generalized the entirety of reddit as people who do the `` cool '' and `` edgy '' thing and who think saudi arabia is `` literally isis '' , while obviously referring to me as one of those people . 
  and for what ? 
  because i called saudi arabia , * of all countries * , an atrocious country ? 
  you 're not even from saudi arabia , and apparently you have never been there , yet that provoked such a reaction you 'd think i was talking about texas .
