  it gave them back after * taking them in the first place * . 
  it astonishes me that you can , with a straight face , make israel out to be some generous force of benevolence in all of this . 
  ignorant indeed . 
  count on the american to find the legal loophole . 
  can we put you on retainer ? 
  oh yeah , they should definitely be grateful that the israelis did n't take * all * the land . 
  right ? 
  why do you have to be so aggressive ? 
  do n't be childish . 
  i do understand how subtitles work , thanks , but i was just pointing out that the title is a bit incomplete . 
   and the polish constitution explicitly forbids creating organisations , including political parties , that are fascist or communist or promote such ideologies . 
  what 's this about then ? 
  well yeah , but it also says above that in large letters `` actual european discoveries '' . 
  i guess i should n't be surprised , but i actually am surprised that they kept on growing . 
  ~ 15 % support now ? 
  i did n't think it was a `` phase '' , exactly , but have n't things been getting somewhat better in greece , compared to the situation previously ? 
  i admit i have n't been following the situation as closely as i did a while back . 
  if golden dawn keeps getting increased support , even on the back of these situations , that 's a real cause for concern . 
  i can see why you want to remove the only-images rule , because you sure do like talking !, 
  i guess you could always take it up with the mods . 
  whether i agree or not is irrelevant if you get through to them . 
  you are wrong about my argument . 
  my argument is that it 's what people want / r/mapporn to be , so that 's what it should continue being . 
  i love maps , particularly historical maps , but when i come to / r/mapporn it is really just to see interesting maps . 
  if i want to learn about map-making i will go to wikipedia , or google , or find a more specialized subreddit . 
  i honestly do not see the problem here . 
  you yourself said that you eventually found the question in the comments . 
  you could have asked the question yourself . 
  this argument is rather silly . 
  it 's that way because that 's what most people come there for . 
  very few people are particularly interested in the technical specifics of how to make the maps . 
  for that you 're better off just going to a more specialized subreddit , or the internet in general . 
  you can ask that in threads , though , you just ca n't make a thread * about that * . 
  i get what you 're saying , but / r/mapporn is simply about posting pretty maps . 
  the vast majority of maps posted are n't made by the op . 
  there are probably other subreddits out there that could help you , though . 
  meaning austrians , for those who did n't get it . 
  ( i 'm assuming ) . 
  why would you ask questions in there ? 
  it 's for maps . 
  if you want to ask questions , just use / r/askhistorians, 
  man , that would be awful . 
  what would we do with half a dozen new fjords to look at ? 
  sheez . 
  i * think * that 's mostly because that 's just how that dialect is . 
  i had n't considered the sami forced-norwegianization angle , though . 
  most people in finnmark are n't sami , though , so i think it might be a mix of the two . 
  we paid for that by being subordinated by our fellow scandinavians for six hundred years . 
  5 years of oil revenue should be fine . 
  but the years will be 1971-75 . 
  oh yeah , because everyone had such a great time the last time a belgian head of state privately owned part of a country . 
  not my biggest fear . 
  i said worst case ( realistic ) scenario . 
  the rest is basically exactly what i said . 
  but the fact that they are n't the dominant party does n't mean they ca n't do a lot of damage to our standing in the world . 
  this is the party that has the likes of per sandberg and per-willy amundsen . 
  the vast majority of the party leadership does n't even believe in man-made global warming . 
  and do n't get me started on carl i. hagen . 
  i thought he was out of it for a while , and siv jensen , as much as i dislike her , made a good attempt at making frp a responsible party . 
  seems like he 's back again , though . 
  i voted left-wing , and i can tell you right now , that 's not why we fear frp in government . 
  it 's not an ideology issue . 
  well , in a way it is , but only in so far as we legitimately fear what they can do in government . 
  truthfully i am a lot less worried about it now than i was a few years ago , when they were by far the biggest party on the right side , dwarfing h\u00f8yre . 
  i disagree with a lot that h\u00f8yre can and will do , but at least they 're a responsible party . 
  as long as h\u00f8yre are the dominant party on that side , dovre will remain standing . 
  worst case ( realistic ) scenario today would be h\u00f8yre and frp with a majority storting all on their own . 
  norway desperately needs venstre or krf ( preferably both ) to balance it out . 
  obviously , i am quite biased . 
  i 'd vote for a drunken sailor before i 'd vote for frp , i admit . 
  although i guess we call them kystpartiet around here . 
  i think you just proved the point of `` lucky , blessed and spoiled brats '' . 
  all of those bad things , and still they are better than almost all other countries in the world . 
  low crime , low unemployment , low inflation , high wages , mandated holiday , etc. 
  the way you presented it you would think norway is some sort of nightmarish hell-hole , and while you 're partially correct on some ( we can do better on integration , public transport should be cheaper ) , it presents a picture that is far and away an exaggeration of what it 's actually like to live in norway . 
  hysteria like that is n't going to do anything to fix things . 
  it 's rather the opposite , when you look at what that kind of hysteria does to the political discourse in this country . 
  how do you define happiness ? 
  it ca n't help but be relative . 
  people in the stone age might not make it past 30 , but they still had moments of genuine happiness . 
  in hindsight , i 'd much rather live now , though . 
  we 've got among the lowest unemployment in europe , and it 's falling . 
  we 've got low inflation and a good , supportive welfare program . 
  we even had a good summer . 
  prediction for today 's election ? 
  clear opposition victory . 
  we get bored with governments after they 've had a few years . 
  i guess we sort of feel it 's fair to let the other guys have a go . 
  and look what you did with it . 
  i am not convinced we 're better at football than finland . 
  well , women 's football , maybe . 
  we 've also got a mean curling team . 
  oh yeah , we 're really suffering over here . 
  if he put the oil here , then i , for one , welcome our allah overlord . 
  we are ? 
  i do n't mind . 
  you can come . 
  or `` that idiot '' . 
  nobody speaks nynorsk , since it and bokm\u00e5l are purely written languages . 
  the creator tried taking features from dialects all over norway , but some will naturally sound a little bit more like what you would think of as spoken nynorsk .
