  had the french resisted germany for a while , it might have turned entirely different . 
  i 'm not sure how that relates to what you quoted , though . 
  i do n't believe in determinism , i do n't think ww2 was bound to turn out the way it did . 
  but that was n't really what diversion876 originally jumped on - he jumped on my comment about the attack on poland directly * leading * to ww2 . 
  you 'll even see in that very post that i admitted that france may very well have made a strategic error in engaging in the phony war instead of actually supporting poland . 
  but that does n't change the fact that they were now at war . 
   well , it 's a popular idea , that for sure . 
  but it 's a great over-simplification . 
  it 's not an over-simplification , it 's a simplification . 
  obviously there were many factors that led to world war two , but the attack on poland was the immediate one . 
  unless you count the japanese invasion of manchuria or china as part of world war two , which is certainly a valid interpretation , but then it was n't really a world war at that point . 
  okay , but that 's still an odd way of looking at it . 
  after all , there would be no german invasion of france or a battle of britain if france and britain had n't declared war on germany over poland . 
  it 's not exactly a controversial idea that the invasion of poland led to world war 2 . 
  i respect the sentiment , but it 's a fool 's errand . 
  there is simply no way for you to be able to hold off russia by yourselves . 
  this is a really bizarre comment . 
  your `` what are you , twelve ? '', 
  comment makes one think you had posted something truly insightful , and yet all you did was post other obvious world war 2 events that still did n't directly * lead * to the world war . 
  how did the invasion of poland * not * lead directly to world war 2 ? 
  it caused the declarations of war by britain and france on germany . 
  if your goal was to look like a dick , you suceeded . 
  oh , and i 'm not twelve , although if i was i 'd be one of the few twelve year olds with a master 's degree in history . 
   noone would give a fuck about us like they did n't give a fuck in 1939 . 
  if you were czech or slovakian this comment would make sense , but germany attacking poland led directly to the world war beginning . 
  you could argue that the french should have done more to provide a second front while poland was being conquered , but that 's a strategic blunder . 
  if they wanted to sacrifice you they could have , just like they did with czechoslovakia . 
  i never said i 'd vote for him because he 's homosexual . 
  i might vote for him because i agree with his opinions regarding equality , though , which makes it `` actual politics '' . 
  but many people * do * care , negatively so , which is why it 's a political issue . 
  you probably do n't care about the colour of someone 's skin either , but in 1960s america people did , and that 's why the civil rights movement existed . 
  maybe gender/sexual equality wo n't be an issue in 50 years , but it certainly is today , in most countries . 
  do n't gender/sexuality-rights and equality count as actual politics anymore ? 
  besides that , i very much doubt being gay is an * advantage * in any political process . 
   if anything being gay is an advantage ( because empowerment rhetoric and yadda yadda ) eh , come again ? 
  he 's american . 
  he 's also got a history of really obnoxious posts in here , so basically just ignore him . 
  yes , and that article is also one year old . 
  are we going to bring up all the stuff russia did a year ago as news ? 
  he fucked up norway so much that he was prime minister for two full terms - which is practically unheard of in modern norway - and saw norway come out of the stock market crash better than nearly any other country in europe . 
  i do n't vote for his party , but he 'll do a pretty good job i imagine . 
  not sure what lesson you 're talking about here . 
  always :|, 
  if `` the west '' fully supported turkey 's government , why is n't turkey in the eu yet ? 
  i definitely would n't say that turkey are any more part of the gang than ukraine , despite the nato membership . 
  it 's pretty good reading on norway , but it says we were unified by harald hardraade , when it was actually harald fairhair . 
  unforgivable . 
  within the eu ? 
  turkey ? 
  you can lose a war without your territory being invaded by land forces . 
  i really doubt the russians would cry `` nuke ! '', 
  if they were bombed after themselves starting a conventional war against a nato power . 
  it 's really a moot point , though , because as i said i think there 's literally zero chance of that happening . 
  the soviets were n't stupid , and neither is russia , despite all the stupid things they do . 
  there 's a reason the soviet union never invaded a nato country . 
   do you realize somebody else got drafted because this coward ? 
  somebody else who was also a father , a brother , a son , but had the unfortunate quality of not being a little pussy and stood up to his responsibilities like a man ? 
  this is some bullshit right here . 
  and by that i mean your post , not his . 
  and if they really believe that , they would never start the war in the first place - as was my original point . 
  there is no way at all russia would ever invade a nato country , as that would automatically bring them into war with several nuclear powers . 
  even if there was anything remotely resembling a sami independence movement - which there is n't - that area is complete fantasy . 
  it goes way too far south , and it has too much of the coast , areas which have been norwegian for a thousand years . 
   anyways , it 's not outside the realms of possibility . 
  realistically , a conventional war would never be out of the question . 
  nuclear weapons would never be used in a normal state of affairs , and because of that russia ca n't realistically lose a war . 
  they 'd nuke us all if we marched into russia . 
  i disagree . 
  i know we like to present the russian leadership as crazy , and to a large extend they are , but there 's no good reason to assume that the hesitation to use nuclear weapons holds for the west but not russia . 
  all bets are off if they were invaded , but if they start a conventional war with nato - which in itself is extremely unlikely considering it did n't happen during the cold war when they might actually have had a chance - they will certainly do so with the understanding that they will not turn it nuclear if they begin to lose it . 
  i do n't think that 's what the chart means by energy production . 
  norway gets nearly 100 % of its electricity from renewable energy sources , but it 's still only 5.5 % of our energy production because we have so much oil and gas that we export . 
  that 's why it says primary energy . 
  does n't this show what you yourselves produce , not what you use ? 
  that images shows what * you * produce , does n't it ? 
  not how much is going to what . 
   to say that neither the greatpowers , behind the crimean offensive or germany during world war one , would n't have taken the whole of russia , had they had the resources , is reading intentions into the actual course of history . 
  no idea what you 're trying to say here , since i did n't say anything of the sort . 
  i said that in neither world war was crimea of anything particular importance , and certainly not as any `` road to russia '' . 
  did you even read those links ? 
  the only one that is even remotely connected to what you 're saying is the wikipedia article about the crimean war , and where else would you expect a war between the ottoman empire and russia to take place ? 
  the `` crimean offensive '' you 're linking to is the * russian * offensive to re-take crimea . 
  it does n't in any way involve a `` plan to go through crimea '' . 
  finally , you posted a link to a study page about the eastern front , apparently missing the fact that half the page is taken up by a big map * of * the eastern front , showing that the central powers took crimea , and nothing further than that . 
  which , incidentally , is exactly what the nazis did in world war 2 . 
  no part of the eastern front involved the wehrmacht going through crimea , as any cursory glance at a map would show you . 
  is this really a suitable / r/europe post ? 
  who cares about / r/worldnews ? 
  you should delete the post , then . 
  does anyone know what he originally posted ? 
  obviously he 's been editing all of his posts in here like some kind of man-child . 
  does anyone know what he originally posted ? 
  obviously he 's been editing all of his posts in here like some kind of man-child . 
  yes , that was my first thought as well . 
  they 're not doing themselves any favours here by doing these sorts of things before the election . 
  the soviet union was `` poor '' compared to most of the west , but there were definitely places much worse off during the cold war . 
  there 's a reason why so many newly independent former colonies alligned with the soviet union . 
  after having been exploited by western countries for so long , it was easy to be swayed to the other side . 
  let 's not get too revisionist here , just because looking back we now know how absurd many things were in the soviet union . 
  i do n't agree with any of that at all .
