  additionally , right now there are 40 % women in parliament , and half the parties have female leaders . 
  those that do n't have had female leaders fairly recently . 
  considering how male dominated politics have been in the past , that says a lot . 
  what is your proof , beyond `` i feel like they do n't care as much '' ? 
  i generally appreciate your posts , but this is ridiculous . 
  women in many european countries , and elsewhere , are just as interested in these matters as men . 
   norway went through the same thing until they became free from the danish , a puppet state of sweden and later independent . 
  that 's just bad history , right there . 
  pretty accurate . 
  not darker than norway or sweden . 
   `` its danger is that it obviously portrays sexual activity with children , and the more it 's portrayed , the more the ill-disposed may think it 's acceptable . '', 
  i guess this was the logical conclusion to the `` games/movies/songs cause violence '' argument . 
  it 's a lot better than canada , full stop . 
  half the pictures you 've seen of norway are probably from here . 
  and all of the ones with northern lights and midnight sun . 
  it 's interesting , but i do feel maybe `` hate '' should n't be a category . 
  northern norway is best norway . 
  you do n't know what you 're missing out on !, 
  i was really hoping this had been posted . 
  there are a lot of misconceptions going around on population growth in general and the state of africa in particular . 
  maybe you should have seen it before making a thread about it ? 
  mine kondolanser . 
  if you say so . 
  well , not really . 
  he might have been pedantic , but he was right to correct it from spelling to grammar . 
  it was n't spelling . 
  you corrected it from grammar to punctuation , and my point was that punctuation is a part of grammar . 
  spelling is n't really part of grammar . 
  this entire thing is pedantic , but at least he was correct . 
  sure , i did n't say it was n't . 
  punctuation is a part of written grammar , is n't it ? 
  spelling , people . 
  it 's important . 
  spot on . 
  well , as to that ... scandinavia originally comes from sk\u00e5ne , a region in southern sweden . 
  the british isles does n't * really * have anything to do with the united kingdom , or the british nationality , but i do understand that the irish have become hesitant to using it since the uk has become britain to such a degree . 
  you definitely need to go to the north at some point , if you 're in norway . 
  vester\u00e5len / lofoten , or further north to troms\u00f8 or even further north to hammerfest or alta in the far north . 
  that goes whether you 're in the summer or winter . 
  during winter that 's where you 'll find great northern lights , and in the summer that 's where you 'll experience 24 hours of sunlight . 
  i 've lived all my life north of the arctic circle , and for me going south and experiencing warm temperatures and darkness at the same time is quite novel . 
  that would definitely be quisling . 
  also , should n't this say `` who '' , not `` whom '' ? 
  i imagine there 's a reason so many young swedes work in norway , and oslo in particular . 
  i know you 're probably joking , but the nok is far too good a currency to give up for the euro . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i really doubt we 're going to have an actual world cup in qatar , though . 
  really ? 
  the world cup was probably one of the most successful , despite all the problems . 
  at least it was one of the most entertaining in living memory . 
  vested ? 
   not enough space for wind power denmark manages fine . 
  granted they are smaller , but why not use the coast ? 
  the kilogram * is * presently defined by an actual , physical object . 
   where did you copy-paste that from ? 
  wikipedia and somewhere else , judging by google . 
  the fact that he copied it and did n't even give any sign that he copied it does n't bring me much confidence that he 's qualified to say anything about it . 
  who else is going to work in our bars and subways ? 
   well obviously , if the plane crashes , nothing will save your life . 
  plenty of people survive plane crashes . 
  oh yeah , norwegian girls are infamously ugly . 
  we only came into that inheritance a hundred and fifty years after we separated . 
  i do n't quite see what the fewer people has to do with it . 
  thanks . 
  it 's really nothing , though . 
  i just read the sequence of letters on the map he posted that goes `` cost of university in the eu '' . 
  we always knew you only wanted us for our looks . 
  i doubt that 's really it . 
  there 's plenty to do out during winter . 
  in the eu . 
  i might have been both , but it was still an invasion . 
  that 's an unnecessary comparison , though . 
  it was just as much an invasion as the nazi invasion of eastern europe , it was just * different * . 
  i 've got several history books explicitly calling it an invasion . 
  a foreign army invaded and ousted the current king , that 's an invasion . 
  the fact that he was invited by some people in said country is an interesting fact , but does n't mean it is n't an invasion . 
  depends on who `` we '' is . 
  he was a foreign noble with a foreign army defeating and ousting the current , legal king . 
  for all intents and purpose it was still an invasion . 
  invasions do n't have to be as clear cut as the german invasion of poland to be called invasions . 
  are you absolutely sure about that ? 
  i believe the period at the end is superfluous when ending with a quoted question . 
  i do n't see what that has to do with it , beyond what i already said about having lots of mountains . 
  hydro does n't take up that much space . 
  i 'm not sure about that , but i think it 's very dependent on the geography . 
  it works very well for us , but it might be inefficient in most countries . 
  99 % , more like . 
   norway seems to use almost 100 % hydro ( if i 'm reading the wiki article correctly ) you are . 
  a country made up of mountains will do that . 
  you 're not completely wrong , but the norwegian welfare state was already well on its way by the time we found any oil , let alone saw any windfall from it . 
  our score would n't be * that * high without the oil , granted . 
  a five day old account that has already managed to talk about jews , niggers and gypsies . 
  it 's almost like your earlier account was banned , or maybe you could n't handle the downvotes ? 
  this does n't measure how much oil you have . 
  particularly not since it 's the inequality adjusted index . 
  you snooze , you lose . 
  i 'd hate to side with the danes - no , i mean it . 
  i really , really do n't want to side with the danes - but we were only in a personal union with you guys , while there were a few decades where we were actually a danish province . 
  i 'm afraid his claim is better than yours . 
  but yeah , you can both dra til helvete .
