  it 's an interesting idea . 
  it is definitely an interesting subject . 
  it 's tragically ironic that it just * might * be the case that stalin was necessary for the defeat of hitler and nazi germany . 
  he was obsessed with heavy industrialization , which obviously came at the expense of a lot of other areas . 
  what if trotskij came to power ? 
  he was much more experienced when it came to war , so perhaps he would n't have made the drastic errors of the officer purges . 
  unfortunately he was n't half the cynical politician stalin was . 
  it 's a frequently discussed issue in counterfactual history , for sure . 
   the ussr industry was ridiculously backward for the reason that it was run by uncultured people on all levels , people who could only use the whip and had a workforce of a similar quality . 
  come on , now , this is just outright false . 
  we should n't give the bolsheviks credit for a lot , but it is a historical fact that they industrialized russia at a tremendous pace from a position of near industrial absence . 
  whether that was crucial in eventually defeating nazi germany is another discussion entirely . 
  you call him completely clueless about pre-war russia , but what do you know about pre-revolution russia ? 
  i think it 's easy to forget just how backwards and tyrannical tsarist russia was , since we know what followed was n't exactly peachy . 
  preeeeeetty sure he was being sarcastic . 
  this is genuinely hilarious . 
  you act as if you 've got all these serious points , and then you follow it up with `` but you use women ! '', 
  i do n't know how old you are , but your opinions are antiquated . 
  oh look , another poster who joined reddit just a couple of days ago , and has already had time to : * get flair * tell muslim converts to move to muslim countries * claim that the scottish independence movement is `` just hatred for english people '' * complained about cultural marxism it 's almost as if you 're an obvious returnee who was either banned or could n't take the heat . 
  perhaps , but using words like `` some '' and `` others '' gives the impression that it 's more or less an even split . 
  i doubt that 's what you were doing , but it 's a tactic commonly used with things like global warming and even evolution . 
  there 's not one single thing , but it did n't have anything to do with money . 
  from the teachers ' perspective , the employee organization wants to take away their ability to choose how to do their work and be good teachers , and giving more control to the individual principals to decide on a case by case basis . 
  part of that involves tying the teacher down more to their work space , which is pretty much the opposite of the trend in many occupations where people are more and more free to decide . 
  i do n't blame him :p, 
  unions are a good thing . 
  are they universally good ? 
  of course not , but nothing is universally good . 
  for me , what is most important is that when the unions make decisions like strikes , they come at the will of their members . 
  that way you avoid situations where higher-ups use the unions and their members when it would n't necessarily benefit them . 
  there 's currently a teacher 's strike ( or rather , there will be one when the school year starts after summer , but it has technically already started ) in norway . 
  as all union-employer conflicts in norway , that conflict had an obligatory mediation , including representatives of the government . 
  the leadership of the by-far largest teacher union accepted the proposal from the employee organization , but that result was then put to a vote in the union , which resulted in 73 % voting no ( 67 % of the members voted ) . 
  that is the sort of strike people should get behind . 
   if you opened up a bit more to strangers and did n't rely on alcohol as a social crutch ( like most of the rest of the industrialized world ) you could avoid a whole host of societal/medical problems , and maybe then thl would consider lowering/changing the structure of alko and alcohol taxes in finland . 
  that 's ... a really odd thing to say to an entire country . 
  what are you sorry about ? 
  edit : what is he sorry about ? 
  well , the last 30 years has seen the rise of the internet . 
  trust me , we 're a lot more informed about events now than they were before the internet . 
  people like to point out how easy it is to find wrong information , but honestly , it was like that before the internet too . 
  now you 've just got access to a whole lot of different sources . 
  well , to be fair , sweden treated us a lot better in their short stint . 
  also , yeah , we do n't know what you guys are saying . 
  you know , we 've got a nice , shared history . 
  we should be nicer to each other . 
  why do n't we pick on the danes instead ? 
  yeah , fuck those teachers and fire-fighters . 
  who do they think they are ; teachers and fire-fighters ? 
  you could actually argue that it is still the case , judging by the number of swedes who come to norway to work in our bars and restaurants due to our higher standard of living and lower unemployment . 
  its *, 
  fun fact : sweden was the last scandinavian country to unify into a single kingdom . 
   if the answer is no , something needs to be done , but over 100 years of population pacification ( since the world wars ) and the recent 30 years of entertainment-driven culture has sucked the energy away from any dissidents . 
  i 'm with you on the rest , but what does this even mean ? 
  you do n't think the roaring twenties had `` entertainment-driven culture '' ? 
  or even before that ? 
  you do n't think governments tried to , and succeded in , pacifying their populations ? 
  i 'm all for a bit of pragmatism , but let 's not romanticise the past . 
  people are more informed about what is going on than they have ever been . 
  before the world wars , as you put it , it would be even harder to figure out that something like this was going on . 
  for the common man , it would be damn near impossible . 
  i 'm not sure how to answer that , since it seems so obvious to me . 
  i 'm not saying i 'd want `` 100 % equality '' , in the sense that everyone needs to make exactly the same and live the same lives , but everyone * should * have the same opportunities , and it 's pretty clear to me that we have n't reached the point yet in any european country where we have too much equality . 
  not even close . 
  lower is better , on both axes . 
  everything that has to do with politics under a democracy has consequences for the future . 
  that is sort of the entire point . 
  to be fair , ireland is a principally english speaking country . 
  also , i was talking about spoken danish . 
  written danish is easy to understand . 
  said the irishman , in english . 
  the world is now realizing what the rest of us scandinavians already knew : danish is a silly language . 
  this is going to give more brazilians ptsd than world war 2 . 
  you ... wait , what ?!, 
  this is hilarious , and i 'm not even german !, 
  shore thing . 
  yep , that 's a fair point . 
  the official stances of the ukip are often not particularly extreme or racist , but there 's no doubt that the party has started to attract a certain kind of people now that it has become `` the '' party on the british right . 
  no doubt they would feel more comfortable in the bnp , but that is a failed project where ukip might not be . 
  dismissive , more like . 
  seems to me he 's saying there 's a `` bubble and crash '' in human migration . 
  actually , that is literally what he 's saying . 
  this is an extremely far-fetched article . 
  suggesting that the 2008 financial crisis was due to immigration ? 
  yeah ... no . 
  yep , both axes should probably be labelled , particularly since they use similar numbers . 
  is someone having a bit of a rant ? 
   us could have our saudi and other middle eastern allies halt exports to europe no , you could n't . 
  they * are * scaled to percentages . 
  the point is that this graph shows that there really is n't any correlation between unemployment and share of votes for parties opposing eu integration , at least not directly . 
  it 's important to keep in mind that these are the votes for the eu elections . 
  the results would probably be quite different if you ran them for the general elections . 
  oh look , another `` new '' poster . 
  what 's up , could n't handle the downvotes on your old account ? 
  `` crybaby '' , indeed . 
  i see you 're already in the negatives after only a week on your new account , have you started thinking about what to call your next one ? 
  also : i have n't posted or read a single comment on that subreddit in my entire life , but perhaps you 're just projecting . 
  i 'm going to go with `` yes '' . 
  come on , now . 
  this was not the time to make your case , you should have picked someone who was less obviously racist .
