  genghis khan is a national hero in mongolia . 
  he was basically hitler on a horse . 
  i 'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you this , but women can be gay too . 
  what this subreddit needs is some moderation . 
  let 's face it , the problem is that it 's small enough where a concerted effort by just a small group of people can change the entire look of it . 
  if the moderators are content to let this slowly turn into r/ministormfront , then by all means . 
  but i tend to think that it 's worth saving . 
  i like the majority of content on it , and every now and then we 'll have some incredibly refreshing discussions . 
  but every time i see posts that are blatantly racist on the front page my urge to browse / r/europe diminishes . 
  90 % of the time if you check the other posts of the people in question ( like the one the op talks about ) , you 'll notice a pattern of racism . 
  many do n't even attempt to hide it . 
  and this is where you explain why they 're wrong and what is correct , or your post is pointless and will be downvoted . 
  it 's making me less and less likely to read the subreddit . 
  which is a shame , since it does have some good content quite often . 
  somehow , the fact that a white supremacist psychopath murdered over seventy people , most of them teenagers , most of them white , has led you to the conclusion that * he had a point * . 
  you do n't have a clue . 
  a `` whole '' * 13 * percent of the population has immigrant background , and over half of those are from europe . 
  norway is one of the most homogeneous countries in europe . 
  but i would n't expect you to base your twisted and dangerous delusions on actual facts . 
  i 'm actually disgusted with myself for even taking the time to correct you . 
  go read a book . 
  heres the op 's last contribution to this subreddit : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/10xcza/when_white_flight_is_no_longer_possible_due/  i started to think what would happen after the non-white immigrants have nowhere to go anymore . 
  i presume there will be blood on streets after ethnic tensions flame up . 
  maybe as early as 2020 countries like britain and france will be in de facto civil war if things continue like this . 
  you should try to make your blatant fascism less blatant . 
  also , piss off . 
  the fact that this reached the front page of / r/europe is shocking . 
  subreddits usually turn bad when they get too big , but i think this one is probably too small at this point . 
  which is why , if you look back through history , afghanistan has always been independent , right ? 
  well , no . 
  it has been invaded and conquered plenty of times . 
  alexander the great did it . 
  you say he could n't hold it , but he did hold it . 
  until he died , at which point it split from his empire , as did every other piece of his conquests . 
  and then it was claimed by one of his generals , seleucus . 
  later it was part of the murayan empire , parthian empire , sassanid empire , etc. 
  it 's also missing some norwegian ones . 
  obviously there are breweries to the north as well . 
  the irony is that the reason we did so well is that when we found the oil and gas we knew we * didnt * have a clue how to exploit it , so we hired people who did , instead of selling the fields themselves for a quick buck . 
  pretty cool video . 
  i wish it had started a bit earlier , though . 
  from the fall of the western roman empire , perhaps . 
  as an added bonus , we 'd have gotten to see all the viking conquests . 
  i think it took quite a few liberties with the holy roman empire though , particularly the early one . 
  it was never a country in the way that france or england or poland were countries . 
  that is shown better in the later parts of it , where it shows the fracturing . 
  but really , it was always more or less like that . 
  you could say that about almost any country at almost any point in history , really . 
  the ottomans made their success happen . 
  not surprising , really , since this is made by some eu affiliation . 
  still , we 're pretty much like sweden , except more mountains and a little bit more north . 
  your username references stupid questions . 
  your question was stupid . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  this is britain . 
  it could be anywhere . 
  i wonder if they realize how transparent they are . 
  this wo n't do anything to convince anyone but those who are already convinced . 
  have we really reached this point ? 
  a * fjordman * article on the front page of r/europe ? 
  he 's a fascist and a xenophobe . 
  he 's also one of anders behring breivik 's greatest inspirations , and has argued for ethnic cleansing . 
  shocking . 
  first of all , denmark did n't * colonize * norway . 
  there were n't really any actual danes here . 
  secondly , bokm\u00e5l is hardly `` basically danish '' . 
  it 's definitely influenced by it , but considering it 's almost the same as the `` not basically danish '' language , the difference was n't that big to begin with . 
  there 's been a real influx of this kind of submission to / r/europe lately , which have gotten to the front page . 
  i hope we 're not going to turn into that kind of subreddit , that would be very sad . 
  we might be small enough for * some people * to hijack it . 
  was that survey on vg.no or dagbladet.no ? 
  it 's a well known phenomenon that those polls are almost always biased in favour of the right-wing position ( which in this case would be the resignation of the prime minister ) . 
  if so , the number is probably even higher . 
  if it was an actual survey , ignore me . 
  like i said , the norwegian royal family comes from 1905 , when we literally invited a danish prince to be our king . 
  and for me , the fact that some had to `` fight '' for it does n't change anything . 
  after all , we 're not more sympathetic to dictators just because they had to arrange a military coup to get there . 
  there are three cities in england that are larger than oslo . 
  london , birmingham and leeds . 
  so it 's not really that tiny . 
  this is a main point for someone , and it 's one i can definitely see some merit in . 
  but for me , the inherent unjustness of an unelected monarchy outweighs those concerns . 
  i 'm not saying it would be * easy * . 
  i 'm just saying it would be preferable , and i have no doubts we would make it work after a short uncertain period . 
  the flip-side of your argument is , what if we are n't so lucky ? 
  we 've been fairly lucky now , and you could probably argue that our current crown prince will do an okay job , but we can never be sure . 
  should we wait until we get a bad one , and then have a very public forced dissolution of the monarchy ? 
  personally , i think it would be better if this was well planned and organized . 
  i think the current crown prince could probably be persuaded to step down on his own , if that 's what he thinks the people want ( which a majority probably does n't right now ) . 
  i see your point , but i think that would just compound the problem that other people have mentioned about that person not being neutral . 
  we might say we want someone objective and neutral now , but when it comes to voting for someone there * would * be a campaign , and most people would rather have someone sympathetic to their world view in charge for life than risk having someone antagonistic . 
  sure , you could say that then you could just `` vote him out '' , but then you essentially have a normal democratically elected head of state anyway . 
  i suppose i could see a head of state office that does n't have term limits . 
  it should be feasible particularly considering the currently most important office , the prime minister , does n't even have any term limits . 
  we had one guy as prime minister for over 17 years . 
  he was doing such a good job , why would we arbitrarily decide he could n't have the job any longer ? 
  i 'm a fairly left-wing norwegian , so using the `` other people are rich without doing anything '' argument does n't work . 
  as far as i see it , this is just closing up another loop-hole . 
  this is one * less * undeserved superwealthy family , and one that is more undeserved than the rest . 
  i respect that opinion , but it 's not one i share .
