stalin was n't really very much in favour of women 's rights at all . 
  on the contrary , he reversed a lot of the more progressive policies of the early soviet union . 
  i 'd just like to point out that the 8th of march is the international women 's day , not just in the ex-ussr . 
  come on , now . 
  east germany might have been poor in the western scale , but it was far from a third world country even just taking into account economics . 
  i 'm not there when we lose to albania in football either , but i still complain about how shit we are . 
  okay , thanks . 
  that 's not the `` welfare system '' , though . 
  i guess it 's easy for a non-european to get those mixed up , but kestyr 's comment history makes me suspect a different reason . 
   as an example , sweden 's welfare system has 60.5 percent of it drawn by migrants compared to the 39.5 percent by native swedes . 
  yeah , i 'm going to need a source on that one . 
  either you mean something else with `` welfare system '' than the actual welfare system , or you 're simply wrong . 
  doubt that very much . 
  under sweden , norway was much more independent than under denmark . 
  we were also allowed democratic avenues which eventually lead to the split . 
  you snooze , you lose . 
  maybe if you had treated us as well as the swedes , we would have fought harder to stay with you . 
  it rhymes with pain . 
  there are no regional disputes with the sami . 
  there might have been in the past , but they do n't exactly want their own country now . 
  i think you 'll find iceland was settled by norwegians , and was formally a part of the kingdom of norway all the way until 1814 when you incompetent nearly-scandinavians lost us in a war against sweden , of all people . 
  this map is over 400 years too late to have any vikings on it . 
  but europe * was * inhabited by africans , who had come through the middle east no less . 
  do you think we look different because we 're special ? 
  it 's the climate . 
   now let the downvotes begin by r/europe 's armchair warriors . 
  that is appropriately ironic coming from someone who thinks `` ethnic europeans '' should get combat experience because of the scary immigrants . 
  are you on reddit from donetsk then , i take it ? 
  i 'd tell you to stop playing the victim , but honestly it 's more entertaining this way . 
  i did n't say it was n't a totalitarian regime . 
  i said it 's not as totalitarian as iraq , north korea or libya . 
  how is that a controversial statement ? 
  apparently saying that putin is n't quite * kim il-sung * is worth downvotes these days . 
   and there 's no love lost between china and russia , historically . 
  if putin thinks the west is annoying , he 's got another thing coming to him when china starts asserting itself in his eastern backyard . 
  that 's what makes me think that russia will never become any sort of chinese puppet state . 
  for me , russia has two choices . 
  either align further with europe , as they had seemed to do the last couple of decades , or become irrelevant and squeezed between europe and asia . 
  right now china is more than anything interested in trade , and while natural resources are well and good , they need someone to sell their wares to - and someone to buy their own wares . 
  there 's no chinese-russian authoritarian alliance forthcoming . 
  the eu 's gdp is already something like eight times the size of russia 's , and that has n't exactly made them their puppet state . 
  all of those were in far greater control of their countries than putin . 
  while russia is very undemocratic , you could n't call putin a dictator on the level of those three . 
  if things start to go poorly and his approval rating plummets , there are powerful people who could do something about it . 
  interesting to see that the un is more popular in the us than in spain , considering how vocally anti un a lot of american politicians are . 
  i hope you came back for the last two years of videreg\u00e5ende , so you could make up for those destitute years of american schooling . 
  what does that mean ? 
  i have absolutely no idea why you 're downvoted and he 's upvoted . 
  you are absolutely correct , overpopulation * is not a thing * , and most prognoses suggest it wo n't be a thing either . 
  facts not appreciated ? 
  i know , right ? 
  no skis . 
  no , that 's ... no . 
  that sounds so awful . 
  so ... danish . 
  sure they do . 
  quite . 
  / u/executivemonkey himself has a bit of a history there . 
  this is the quote connected to the tag i have on him :  xenophobia in the uk . 
  shocking . 
  are you serious ? 
  holocaust denial is the go-to thing for the far-right . 
  well , the far-far-right . 
  some of the far-right is actually quite supportive of israel , for obvious reasons . 
  himself , or us . 
  in the end it does n't matter who . 
  on some days , in some threads , you could honestly have mistaken it for stormfront . 
  probably because many of the posters in those threads came * from * stormfront , to be fair . 
  there were some fairly disgusting comments that were upvoted , and then there were some racist-to-the-point-of-absurdity comments , of the 1930s germany kind . 
  and i 'm not exaggerating . 
  the words `` white guilt '' were bandied about a lot , i believe . 
  the mods had to up their game , and they did . 
  we 've had brief periods since when things get a bit heated , mainly in threads about gypsies or muslims , but it 's still nowhere near what it was . 
  we would n't have been a buffer state in any case , since we were fairly heavily aligned with the allies ( and became a founding member of nato later ) . 
  i also ca n't find anything about norway from the yalta conference . 
  i suppose it could have been a secret topic , but considering the candor about some of the other topics it seems unlikely that norway would be considered special . 
  [ the fox ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jofnr_wkoce ) or [ l\u00e6ffy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jp1yclqxd1q ) something for everyone !, 
  what kind of hands off could they have given ? 
  at that point the arctic was n't considered half as important as it is now , it was the poorest part of norway , and the soviets had an overwhelming military in europe . 
  at the very least you would expect there to be some bargaining , tit for tat , but there was n't . 
  they simply left . 
  i 'm not saying we should be forever grateful to them for not trying to forcibly annex a part of our country , but we can acknowledge the realities of situations . 
  what is the point of this comment ? 
  of course the soviet soldiers did n't defeat the nazis in northern norway out of some great love for the norwegian people . 
  they did it because that is where their enemy was . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't recognize their sacrifice . 
  particularly since the soviets left , and without any pressure or enticement . 
  they had military control of strategically important areas of norway and the arctic , and with the cold war dawning ( and already then being a likely scenario ) it 's easy to imagine them simply staying put . 
  no one could have done anything about it . 
   against the people of europe . 
  you are * so * annoyed that you 're not one of those , are n't you ? 
  i imagine you stand in front of your mirror every night before bed , repeating `` i am a real european . 
  i am a real european . 
  i am a real european '' to yourself . 
  complete nonsense . 
  i could n't say , i have n't studied the statistics for / r/europe and reddit in general . 
  what 's that ? 
  i also said women vote as much as men . 
  i do n't know about your country , but in norway women have participated essentially as much as men in elections for decades . 
  in the same timespan women have made up at least 40 % of the ministers in the government , and more recently 50 % .
