  of course older people are going to feel that everything was better when they were young , * because they were young * . 
  i have a theory regarding the `` as you get older you get more conservative '' thing . 
  first of all , i think there 's probably * some * truth to it . 
  although i think that what truth there is works both ways . 
  as you get older ( mainly youth to adult ) , you get less radical . 
  whether left radical or right radical . 
  but the idea that you specifically get more * conservative * is , i believe , just another way of saying that older people are more conservative . 
  those are not the same thing . 
  look at how the times have changed in regards to things such as homosexuality , women 's rights , worker 's rights ( perhaps a little further back , that one ) , globalization , etc. 
  in all of these , you could have been considered a left radical not * that * long ago , and now you 're simply considered the norm . 
  that does n't necessarily mean your views changed , just that the world has . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but it just seems logical . 
  this thread is certainly off to a great start . 
  * really * surprised we publish more than finland . 
  they are the educators of scandinavia . 
  i guess oslo is quite decent on a european scale . 
  and , of course , we have the world 's northernmost university !, 
  which i am sure is important in many different ways . 
  because . 
  so every comment you think is mildly funny should have its own thread on / r/europe ? 
  it 's interesting how you attempted to do the same to me , missing that 1 ) it was a comment i made , not an entire thread , and 2 ) it was in / r/europe itself . 
  not a politician . 
  yep , i was about to suggest him as well . 
  i mean . . who else ? 
  others might disagree , but i tend to think stoltenberg will also be considered one of the greatest norwegian politicians in the future . 
  what is the point of this submission ? 
  i 'm norwegian , and even though i oppose norwegian membership and would vote against it ( like 2/3rds of the population right now ) , i still think the eu is a fundamentally * good idea * . 
  i also think the uk has benefited greatly from it , and would not at all benefit from leaving it , in the long term . 
  i am saying that radical muslims are n't the only ones in denmark who would have a problem with jews . 
  no , i am obviously not saying that . 
  but a gold star to you for twisting my words to score imaginary internet points , instead of engaging in actual discussion . 
  and ironic statement , considering it 's usually used to refer to people who are apparently under the control of the `` massive jewish conspiracy '' . 
  but in here , i guess that 's par for the course . 
  i think the problem lies just as much with anti-immigration sentiments in denmark in general . 
  we 're pretty much you , and you 're pretty much us . 
  let 's party like it 's 1899 . 
  except oil . 
   i found most norwegians to be delightful people who were laid-back , even bubbly , in comparison with the reserved , hyper-controlled swedes . 
  `` you just like them because they 're almost americans , '' the swedes snapped back . 
  you what ... ? 
  you better be an old woman if you want to talk to strangers on the bus , or you 're going to look like a crazy person . 
  it 's an okay article , but it exaggerates matters quite a lot . 
  yes , i think i was part of the same post chain . 
  it was so outrageously blatant , it almost made me pity the guy who posted it . 
  i mean , he * truly * believes in the cartoons message . 
  how does someone end up like that without living in 1930s germany ? 
  someone else , in the same thread , posted a ridiculously overtly racist cartoon regarding `` self hating whites '' , including the whole evil big-nosed jew stereotype and the worst kind of african caricature . 
  that post was deleted , at least . 
  but before it did it was very nearly in the balance when it comes to upvotes and downvotes . 
  there 's no doubt this subreddit is being targeted . 
  anyone who claims that racism is not a problem here is fooling themselves . 
  there 's a reason why there 's a universal message at the top that says `` please report racism . '', 
  i 'm going to with * stormfront * . 
  did i win anything ? 
  let 's play another round of * / r/europe or stormfront * . 
  you could n't have made it clearer to everyone watching that you are a racist and probably a neo-nazi if you tried . 
  you are everything that is wrong with / r/europe , and hopefully the mods will take action . 
  it is a sad example of the state of affairs of / r/europe when a post which includes such things as :  for how much longer are we going to keep letting these useless morons invade us ? 
  and  they seek to take our countries from us and if they succeed soon enough many countries in europe will look like brazil is in the balance when it comes to upvotes and downvotes . 
  this is n't even mildly racist , this is straight up fascism . 
  we are ? 
  i mean , i am . 
  i am very white indeed . 
  but who are `` we '' in this ? 
  i know a lot of non-white europeans . 
  maybe you need to get out more , and not speak for the rest of us . 
  i have him tagged as `` golden dawn '' , so i was n't very surprised when the words of his submission included `` black '' , `` white '' and `` ethnic '' . 
  45/45 , 1:48 left . 
  yeah , i like maps . 
  was n't at first entirely sure of the order of estonia and latvia , and montenegro and kosovo . 
  it worked out in the end , though . 
  you guys are mini-iceland . 
  you 're practically us . 
  in fact , a few hundred years ago you probably * were * us . 
  you can join our union too . 
  ah , cheers !, 
  fucking nazis , always ruining shit . 
  i 'd say i consider swedes and icelanders the closest . 
  danes are thereabouts too , but for some reason i do n't feel * as * close to them . 
  of course , i probably understand spoken icelandic more than spoken danish , so that might have something to do with it . 
  i mean , us and the swedes are pretty much the same people . 
  we should just go ahead and union up . 
  the right wing ? 
  hang on , was n't bavaria like . . literally a communist state for a bit half a century ago ? 
  seems like somewhat of a switch . 
  quisling literally refers to a traitor to norway . 
  by definition , we ca n't be a bunch of quislings . 
  judging from your comment history , though , you 'd no doubt get right along with quisling , 
  you have started it . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  the only thing i can find suggests that they get 4-5kr , which might not be a lot compared to 17-18kr , but it 's a far cry from your figure . 
  like it ? 
  they practically * invented * it !, 
  i think the danes speaking dutch would actually make it easier to understand them . 
  norway supports this measure . 
  it 's a brand new world , with no need for the poor man 's netherlands . 
  well , it could be worse . 
  you could be danes . 
  if we want to buy a hamburger we have to go to sweden , but if we want swedes to serve us we just have to go to oslo . 
  please do n't editorialize the title when posting articles .
