  i have never been as disappointed in / r/europe as i am today . 
  making crnaruka a mod is a complete joke . 
  he 's either a troll or something much worse , and neither of those makes for a good mod on a * default * * subreddit * . 
  it was bad enough having an american who is a mod of half the subs on reddit , but this is just taking the piss . 
  at least he 's a fairly decent poster . 
  you guys fucked up . 
  holy shit . 
  i ca n't believe they did that . 
  they actually did that . 
  he 's made some horrendous posts , including some that were so bad * they got deleted in the sub he 's now a mod in * . 
   yeah , the norwegian media has n't been very good at being non-partial . 
  that 's putting it mildly , in this case . 
  that argument would have been perfect if there was any confusion about what city miklagard meant . 
  it did n't refer to any old big city , it referred to * that * particular city . 
  admittedly it would have been a bit silly to name it `` big city '' originally , but once it was already there miklagard is a lot nicer than constantinople . 
  besides , plenty of cities have names that could have originally referred to other places . 
   they were able to make it as far as vienna before the invaders shattered against a united european front by `` united european front '' , you 're referring to germans , poles and hungarians , right ? 
  the french were probably happy to see the habsburgs in peril , and the rest of the european powers were nowhere to be seen . 
   this should serve as a lesson and warning for the future . 
  oh , come off it . 
  not any stupider than `` x 's city '' . 
  why do you think we think we changed kristiania back to oslo after a mere three hundred years ? 
  ` tis a silly name . 
  that makes a whole lot of sense !, 
  that sentence has all kinds of problems . 
  there are degrees . 
  you probably have to go through some sort of process to get a drivers license everywhere in the world , but that does n't mean they are all equally challenging or expensive . 
  also , as i said , norway is combining a very high standard of living ( and standard of how much things cost ) with some of the highest home-ownership rates in the world . 
  we also have a significantly higher percentage of homes that are stand-alone buildings than many european countries , which are usually bigger and more expensive than apartments ( unless you 're in a large city ), 
  okay . 
  now you just made me do all that typing for nothing , and ... 
  i 'm grateful . 
  i like typing . 
  read what i wrote . 
  * comparably high * , i never said higher . 
  i never even said as high . 
  i do n't need to provide a source , since you did it for me . 
  1950 : norway $ 7.8 k - sweden $ 8.5 k ( uk $ 8.2 k , france $ 6.2 k , italy $ 3.8 k ) 1960 : norway $ 10.1 k - sweden $ 11.4 k ( uk $ 10.3 k , france $ 9.3 k , italy $ 6.3 k ) 1970 : norway $ 14.9 k - sweden $ 16.5 k ( uk $ 13k , france $ 14,5 k , italy $ 11.1 k ) we did n't bring up any oil at all before ~ 1971 . 
  and you can talk about natural resources all you want , but it rings hollow considering sweden made a fair living exporting iron ore , up to and during the war . 
  it also happens to be a significant part of the reason why the germans invaded norway in the first place , but we ca n't ( and do n't ) blame you for that . 
  furthermore , there are many ways of measuring standard of living . 
  life expectancy , for example , where we were ranked 1st in 1960 , and you were ranked 3rd ( 1970 : 2nd and 1st , 1980 : tied 3rd ) . 
  did we blow sweden out of the water at any point before finding oil ? 
  but we were * comparably high * . 
  only relatively poor compared to current norwegian standards , which the oil and gas admittedly , * cough * , helped bring about . 
  the welfare state was already well established by then , though . 
  we were essentially like the other scandinavian countries . 
  the first few years after the world war no doubt saw us fall behind sweden in standard of living , because of the occupation , but then the experiences of the occupation can largely be credited for making the welfare state a goal . 
  of course the swedes did it too , and they were n't occupied , so perhaps that 's overstated . 
  norway 's low ranking is explained by very high levels of private debt , often in housing . 
  anyone who wants to buy a house or apartment at a reasonable age is almost automatically in considerable debt . 
  we have some of the highest home-ownership rates in the world , which obviously contributes to this graph . 
  norway had a comparably high standard of living to sweden before we found any oil . 
  the same reason i 'm invested in british politics . 
  it 's interesting , and it probably matters . 
  i actually needed to be reminded about that . 
  it 's so fucking ridiculous my mind tries to shield me from the memory of it lest i go mad . 
  sarah palin !, 
  what !, 
  mccain was alright until he was appropriated by the party , and they very nearly ruined him . 
   it 's the same as any country . 
  small vocal parts of a political party make everyone else affiliated with that party look stupid . 
  michelle bachmann and rick santorum were genuine , more or less vaible candidates for the nomination as that party 's presidential candidate . 
  that is a far cry from `` small vocal parts '' . 
   that 's understandable but people need to recognize that that is not representative of an entire political party that makes up a massive portion of the american population spread throughout all social classes . 
  you say that , but the last us presidential election i watched republican primary debates like it was fucking comedy central . 
  a literal majority were completely off the map . 
  one of the only ones who was n't was romney - he was just boring . 
  i realize this might have been a particularly special crop , but there are millions and millions of people who wanted one of them to lead the united states . 
  his comment history suggests that 's definitely * not * what he means . 
  you 're giving him way too much credit . 
   in 200 years britain 's population will consist almost entirely of what are now ethnic-minorities and there will be hardly any `` caucasian european '' people left . 
  -  why is it only western european countries that have to become these faceless `` multicultures '' ? 
  -  the progressives will not be happy until there are no white people left . 
  -  2/3rds of the new jobs have gone to migrants . 
  -  yet another foreigner telling us how to think . 
  -  nearly all of europe is intrinsically anti-british ; they will never listen to anything we have to say . 
  -  i ca n't think of one positive contribution that pakistanis have brought here . 
  -  london : where everything is british except the people . 
  -  `` britain has no culture '' is another fucking deluded lie peddled out by cultural marxists like you . 
  -  maybe it 's because all the jobs are being filled with unneeded immigrants, 
  i see punctuation has n't made it across the atlantic yet . 
  you 're not even a good troll , that 's the worst part . 
   serious responses only , please save your edgy quips for another post . 
  that 's more than a little bit ironic coming from you . 
  this is the one , right ? 
   many people use many words incorrectly . 
  that 's not how language works . 
  if you want to be some sort of political purist , that 's fine , but conservative has meant right-wing for a very long time . 
  well it 's may now . 
  there 's rarely snow late april here , to be fair , but it does happen . 
  cyprus was my first guess , but only because i thought gibraltar would be too obvious to actually be it . 
  yeah . 
  i would have gotten it eventually ( you do n't like history without knowing about malta 's knights of malta and british past ) , but the `` malta airport '' sort of gave it away . 
  that 's a whole lot of snow to be `` meanwhile '' . 
  yeah , i just posted what the comic said . 
  what you 're saying is still different from the norm . 
  i think they just mean that they use the same base counting system as everyone else . 
  i mean , they do go 1-9 , and then 10-19 , 20-29 , 100-109 , and so on . 
  so i guess technically it is just about the way they say them , but if you were never taught about it it would n't make much sense .
