  it would have happened in any totalitarian system , in my opinion . 
  i 'm a little confused here . 
  that is hardly the worst example you could have given me . 
  it 's lenin ordering his men to hang ( at least ) a hundred people over a rebellion during the civil war period . 
  many of them were probably innocent , yes . 
  you think this did n't happen under the tsar ? 
  entire communities would be hanged . 
  furthermore , as is even in the source you provided , it is unknown whether it even was carried out , and lenin later moderated his demands . 
  to be clear , i am not trying to make lenin out to be some good guy , but from studying history i have n't seen anything that makes him a particularly * bad * guy for his time and place . 
  i maintain that tsarist russia was a lot worse for russians , ukrainians , poles , etc than early soviet russia . 
  with stalin all bets are off , but then lenin did n't want stalin to succeed him anyway . 
  as for examples , there are some , although it is important to keep in mind that the bolsheviks were notoriously `` good '' at keeping records of their atrocities . 
  that 's not the norm in history . 
  one example could be the various anti-jewish pogroms of the late tsardom , many of which are believed to have been supported or even initiated by the state . 
  if you were a jew , lenin 's russia was * certainly * better for you than tsarist russia ( but , again , stalin not as much ) . 
  no , stalin did that . 
  lenin established a political system that was * at least * as democratic as the one which came before it ( which is n't hard , since the one before was a totalitarian monarchy built on feudal foundations ) . 
  do you think poland was better off in the russian empire ? 
  it was n't . 
  i think people are getting their knickers in a twist because they think i 'm defending the soviet union . 
  i am not . 
  i 've studied it , and i know very well all the problems of it , particular under stalin . 
  but that 's just the point , stalin is much more to blame than lenin . 
  the first one was more democratic , yes , but it also did n't fix the problems that led to it in the first place . 
  for one they kept russia in the first world war , which was obviously very unpopular . 
  thanks , i 've written a masters on stalinist russia , so i think i know about the downsides of communism . 
  fact of the matter is , everything that went on in lenin 's russia went on in tsarist russia , and more . 
  i do n't know about that , to be honest . 
  the early bolshevik leadership was heavily populated by non-russians . 
  even with the benefit of hindsight i 'd say that the russian revolution was a good thing for the russian empire . 
  people forget that the revolution happened for a reason , namely that things were really quite awful for the vast majority of people . 
  i get why ukrainians are n't fond of stalin , but not why they should hate lenin . 
  is it just because he is ( or the statue is ) a symbol of the oppressive russian part of the later soviet union ? 
  nordic . 
  we were under them for a few hundred years up until 1814 , and for a period of that we were n't legally an independent kingdom anymore . 
  we literally have the same jokes about swedes . 
  we 're not a creative lot , scandinavians . 
  sweden never owned us , though . 
  we were always just in a personal union . 
  denmark , however , they just went and made us a fucking danish province for a while . 
  unfortunate choice of words . 
  i had a summer job once . 
  one guy put finland in sweden , sweden in norway and norway in finland . 
  he got denmark right , though . 
  oh , and i 'm having a hard time believing the guy who put iceland in norway and greenland ( !!! ), 
  in sweden was being serious . 
  canada is bigger too . 
  and china has a lot more people . 
  so , basically , the `` i could n't place the us states on a map '' is n't really a good excuse for other people not placing european countries on a map . 
  you can call it whatever you want , but it is a * fact * that it is still up for debate among historians . 
  i know this because i 've studied this ( well , i 've studied soviet history , which this very much is a part of ) , and i 'm looking at a book by david marples , an expert on russia , ukraine and belarus , admitting as much . 
  * russia in the twentieth century * ) answer me this , then . 
  if it was `` nothing short of sadistically brutal genocide '' , as you so confidently put it , why did it end ? 
  why did the genocide stop ? 
  it certainly was n't because of foreign pressure , because the outside world barely knew about it . 
  why , then ? 
  this very question came up in / r/askhistorians not long ago . 
  none of which is in dispute . 
  was there anything else ? 
  well , no . 
  you ca n't have a genocide that is n't deliberate . 
  that is the definition of genocide ; the systematic and * deliberate * extermination of a national , political , racial , etc group . 
  that 's not correct . 
  there is no doubt that the famine was exacerbated by failed soviet policies with varying degrees of malice , but the question of whether or not the soviet policies * created * the famine is still very much up for debate within the historical community . 
  by `` real '' debate i mean one that takes place in academia . 
  there are vanishingly few actual biologists who do not accept evolution . 
  on the other hand , there is quite a healthy debate regarding holodomor amongst historians , and then i 'm not just talking about western vs soviet/russian historians , or left vs right . 
  unfair comparison . 
  there is no * real * debate regarding evolution , but there is one regarding holodomor . 
  it is not a settled historical fact . 
  mind you , it was still very much partly the fault of the soviet union , so it 's still not going to exactly ... inspire loyalty . 
  say what ? 
  so you 're saying polish police * do * have a communist/russian bias ? 
   polish police used rubber bullets to break up groups of masked far-right youths who threw fireworks and set fire to cars when a nationalist march through the centre of the capital turned violent . 
  did you read that part ? 
  or any part ? 
  oh yeah , polish police have a well known communist/russian bias . 
  it 's not about making them disappear , it 's about making sure norway does n't invest it 's money in businesses that are considered unethical . 
  we 're not suffering under any illusions that we 're * that * vital to those businesses . 
  it does n't say exactly who it was , but the article does mention that it was a commission appointed by the government . 
  that said , i do n't think this is going to happen at all . 
  it 's an integral part of what the pension fund is . 
  yes , particularly considering oslo is * the * immigrant city in norway , for obvious reasons ( it being the capital ) . 
  i think you 'd have to be stupid to move to oslo if your goal is to avoid immigrants . 
  of course , so many of them are , so it 's not beyond the realms of possibility ... 
  this is a weird article , considering it also says this :  the good news is that norwegians are still the second best speakers of english as a second language . 
  and country has recovered somewhat from last year 's survey , which showed it falling to fifth place . 
  i 'm not sure i entirely trust the results of this survey , either . 
  actually , now every norwegian starts learning english in first grade , where it used to be third grade . 
  as a teacher , i have n't noticed any `` decline '' , but obviously that is anecdotal . 
  yeah , norwegians ca n't speak swedish . 
  we understand it , and we sort of just assume swedes understand us back . 
  if we wanted to we could throw some swedish words in there , but we do n't * speak * it . 
  24/7 sun in summer if you 're far enough north , where the gulf stream keeps the climate liveable . 
  oh man , i can barely recognize my country any more . 
  oh , wait , there it is . 
  never mind . 
  yeah , these jews really ought to get some perspective here . 
  sure , the holocaust was bad , but we 're talking about a 70 year old super wealthy , former prime minister , media mogul having to do a full year of community service . 
  never forget .
