  that would be even worse . 
  then every school would be privately run , probably by corporations . 
  denmark is in scandinavia , but * actually * actually they originated in that general area , which includes southern norway and sweden . 
  you ca n't make me a dane . 
  i wo n't do it . 
  a nation of homeschoolers would create a stupid nation . 
  just saying . 
  here 's a fact for you : the germanic peoples originated in scandinavia . 
  well , obviously at some point they were somewhere else even earlier , but it 's close enough . 
  the normans were the descendants of vikings . 
  if you think democracy was any better before mass media you 're dead wrong . 
  democracy is probably as free and effective now as its ever been . 
  we 're discussing the proposition `` most people are stupid '' , and your solution is to give `` most people '' more freedom . 
  that does n't seem quite right . 
  well , i would n't say constitutional monarchies are in any way dictatorships , technically or otherwise . 
  that 's why they 're * constitutional * monarchies . 
  i never said norway was the least homogenous country in europe , i just said it was n't completely homogenous , which is sometimes assumed . 
  the fact that spain is even less so should be both historically obvious and unnecessary to point out . 
  certainly a large portion of the eu-immigrants are swedes , but then are n't a large portion of the same in the uk irish , or in spain portuguese ? 
  but , that ca n't be right . 
  we 're told again and again how extremely homogenous norway is , which is why you can never use anything norway does as a method for larger countries . 
  how ` bout that . 
  `` such as the barring of all jews from norway '' , means `` this is just one of many examples '' . 
  * people like you * , indeed . 
  denmark-norway . 
  also , the constitution of 1814 , which these events are all a part of , had some rather unsavoury elements to it , such as the barring of all jews from norway . 
  i 'm not saying we were leopold ii in congo , but we 've got a past worth reflecting on . 
  sweden might be able to conquer us , but denmark ? 
  puhlease . 
  still surprised we did n't win in 2005 . 
  [ norway - wig wam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh7hiaq0awu ), 
  article : rule britannia !, 
  list of the top ten economies in 2028 at the bottom of the article : britain 7th , down from 6th . 
  can any russian speakers confirm that that is the soviet anthem ? 
  i know that the russian anthem has the same melody , just different words . 
  he was an sa guy , not ss , so unfortunately not . 
  there 's been a lot of these `` incidents '' where the media reports the breaking news of troop movements and exercises , before casually quoting the acting part as saying they were planned , and quoting the other part as saying they were told about them half a year ago . 
  oh yeah , i certainly agree with that . 
  well , as long as we 're using that source :  `` the aim is to completely clear odessa [ of pro-russians ] , '' said dmitry rogovsky , another activist from right sector whose hand had been injured during the fighting . 
  `` they are all paid russian separatists . '', 
  right now i 'd settle for a source that says anything like `` they were pro-russian gunmen that got their shit kicked in '' , but if you find a source that presents your straw man then i 'd happily take that too . 
  you 're quick to - rightly - dismiss rt as a source , but then present none yourself except `` to my knowledge '' ? 
  eu unemployment rates map . 
  some of them might be hard to grasp , but what 's wrong with dk , cz , de , cy , es , etc ? 
  should n't be a problem . 
  marx and engels are connected to socialism and social democracy as well , not just communism . 
  besides , may day is for everyone . 
  no one should be excluded just because they are communist , even if they miss the soviet union for a silly reason . 
  compare that to the initial ukraine protests , where you could easily point to the flags of far-right , neo-nazi and/or fascist groups . 
  that did n't invalidate the occasion , or the rest of the protesters . 
  i think there are a lot of people who see the may day protests and red flags and think `` soviet union '' or `` communism '' . 
  which they should n't , but i know at least a lot of americans do . 
  the percent ranges are very strange , here . 
  the first has 62 % , the second has 7 % and the third has 31 % . 
  there could be 8 % difference between one in the highest and one in the lowest , but there could be 30 % -60 % difference * within * the brackets . 
  it does n't really make the map any easier to read . 
  they 're all out to get you !, 
  standard of living , too . 
  but there 's definitely an actual climate aspect to it as well . 
  i love how it just says belarus , as if going `` eeh , it 's belarus , what are ya gon na do ? '', 
  to be fair , you would n't have seen any ( much ) of that oil . 
  you only controlled our foreign policy . 
  we did , but they all died in the black death . 
  suckers . 
  sweet loff ? 
  as if loff was n't sweet enough . 
  i 've never been to the states , but i 've heard that the bread there is essentially cake . 
  is that true ? 
  norway is third , and yet has limits on what kind of advertising is allowed . 
  you ca n't outright lie , for one . 
  and tv advertising is outlawed when it comes to things like tobacco or politics . 
  so i do n't really think it means what you think it does . 
  right-wing government won the election , ousting red-green government . 
  the only way the minority-government would secure majority support in the parliament was by promising to reverse that bit of school secularization to the christian people 's party . 
  that particular school subject has in twenty years or so gone from being called christianity , to christianity , religion and life-stance , to religion , life-stance and ethics , and now to christianity , religion , life-stance and ethics , and now 50 % of the subject has to be about christianity . 
  it 's pretty silly , particularly considering it will be impossible to enforce and teachers will still continue to teach like they have the last few years . 
  this particular change almost no one wants . 
  with regards to china , we * did * give the nobel peace prize to a dissident , so it 's not all bad . 
  the rest , absolutely . 
   lol ? 
  norway mostly colaborated with the gremans and nearly half of its tiny jewish population got executed , which indicate a fair amount of snitches . 
  a third , but yes , that is a great national shame . 
  there 's a reason why quisling has become a word in many languages for `` traitor '' . 
  saying that norway * mostly * collaborated with the germans is incorrect , though . 
  norway resisted longer than any other eventually defeated country , although it is true that there were more people who cooperated with the nazis than we like to admit , as was the case in most countries . 
  and that is exactly why the kind of rhetoric you use about the gypsies is so dangerous . 
  you might not be suggesting sterilization or ghettos now , and you may never do so , but it was the systematic dehumanization of jews in the eyes of general society that led to the atrocities of nazi germany , despite the fact that many germans did n't think that * all * jews were evil or ciminal . 
  it 's ironic that in a discussion about characterizations of peoples your chosen line of attack is to dismiss my country . 
  if i were to do the same , maybe i 'd point out how it 's even more ironic that a romanian criticizes norwegian collaboration with the nazis . 
  you did n't answer my comment , though . 
  do you think gypsies , as a people , should be subject to sterilization and put in ghettos , solely on account of being gypsies ( and whatever else you think that entails ) ? 
  there were n't a lot of jews in norway either before world war 2 , and i 'm sure the nazis were dismissive of norwegian concerns about the german race laws . 
  `` what do you know ? 
  you 're a barely populated country with almost no jews '' . 
   i really do n't know what we will do with them , as they keep reproducing quickly , each generation as useless as the previous one . 
  maybe you could try sterilizing them , or putting them in walled-in sections of your cities . 
   the only peoples that defend gypsies like that are those that do n't know them . 
   the only peoples that defend jews like that are those that do n't know them . 
   the only peoples that defend blacks like that are those that do n't know them . 
   the only peoples that defend arabs like that are those that do n't know them .
