  almost certainly . 
  lest we forget that fn are * far * larger in the european parliament , where it has gathered up a large portion of the anti-eu feeling , than it is in the french parliament . 
  well , anders breivik was an actual fascist terrorist . 
  so there 's one . 
  oh yes , i absolutely agree . 
  it 's vice . 
  they 're often on point and always interesting , but sensationalizing is pretty much what they do . 
  i did n't say no one is far left , but there 's certainly a much bigger far right trend in the european parliament . 
  the european parliament is n't a good indicator of the political climate of europe , though , since the opposition to the eu has manifested in far larger support for far right nationalist parties than they have in their home parliaments . 
  you 've still got socialist and social democratic governments across europe . 
  either way , you ca n't really take short term ( so far ) changes in the political climate as a complete shift in the political spectrum . 
  in the early 1920s the nazis were a tiny party . 
  a decade later they had the support of a fourth of the german public . 
  two decades after that they were banned and probably had very little sympathy . 
  it would n't make sense to , on the back of that , constantly change the goal posts of what is centre , what is left and what is right . 
  over the very long term , though , certainly . 
  as you can see in the us , where a party that would be centre-right in most european countries ( with elements quite further right than that ) is considered left-wing . 
  i completely agree . 
  i 'm just not sure some people do . 
  do you think that , as a whole , white people are discriminated against more than non-white people in europe ? 
  i absolutely agree . 
  as was your post . 
  well , that 's not racism , is it ? 
  it 's also certainly a problem , but do you really think it warrants that statement ? 
  additionally , that is a thread on an * american * study , while you made your comment in / r/europe . 
  finally , you made that post in reply to someone who would certainly fit both the / r/whiterights and / r/mensrights agenda . 
  quite literally most of his posts are either complaining about immigration or complaining about racism against white people . 
  well it was a bit hyperbolic , i admit , but surely you agree that `` racism against white males is mostly acceptable these days '' is a bit much itself ? 
  some days i ca n't tell if i 'm on / r/europe , / r/mensrights or / r/whiterights . 
  or is that / r/whitemensrights ? 
  and some sides have more bad than others . 
  i guess that 's a pretty good way of putting it , yeah . 
  i simply do n't agree that communism and socialism are the same thing today . 
  i consider myself a socialist , but not a communist . 
  my party does not make any references to traditional communist ideologies either . 
  did it at some point ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  and seventy years ago i would agree with you . 
  hell , even our social democratic labour party was revolutionary at some point , and no doubt they would be considered a communist party , and would also consider themselves socialist . 
  and you 're quite right about the internal splitting . 
  my socialist party and our communist party were both once part of said social democratic party . 
  perhaps we 're arguing over semantics here , my point is just that ideologies change , or at least how we talk about them changes . 
  and fact of the matter is that in europe today you 'll nearly always find parties professing to be communist to the political left of parties professing to be socialist . 
  and there will be real differences between them . 
  if this were a deep academic discussion on socialism i would agree with you , but it is n't . 
   communism is the final form of the state of society that ( most ) socialists want to achieve i do n't think that 's true at all . 
  we 've got a socialist party in norway , but we also have a communist party . 
  they are not the same , and i 'm pretty sure that stays true for most of europe . 
  i 'd say you 've got communism to the left of socialism . 
  but then where do you put anarchism ? 
  it 's not an easy question . 
   op 's question is meaningless . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  the `` far left '' is certainly not as large as the `` far right '' . 
  how many communists are there in the european parliament ? 
  if democratic socialism is now far left , we 've turned heavily right . 
  yeah , fuck those prejudiced people , they 're all the same !, 
   what evidence do you have to support your assertion ? 
  i 'm going to go ahead and guess stormfront . 
   i do n't remember anyone predicting that you must not have been paying attention . 
  `` everyone knew '' that it was a muslim terrorist act , right up until the moment where the very white and very fascist anders behring breivik was caught . 
   they 're not really helping their image with all the communist flags anyway . 
  maybe they are , you know , communists ? 
  you do n't have to long for stalin to be a communist . 
  it 's either irresponsible or disingenuous of you to make such a statement as a big part of your post when at this point it 's just an unconfirmed rumour . 
  i really , really , really , really , really , really dislike the word butthurt . 
  it 's so ... american . 
  we could have exercises in israel too , but i 'm afraid our soldiers would melt . 
   the test must have at minimum one thousand questions , and all replies must be correct to be issued with a norwegian citizenship . 
  possibly crazier than the north pole fish-ball colonization . 
  you would n't be . 
  did you mean longyearbyen ? 
  everything you said about danish and norwegian is correct , but only when it comes to written language . 
  nynorsk is a written language , but very real spoken dialects were used to arrive at it . 
  not sure what you mean by this , though . 
   fortunately danes and swedes alike can still comprehend those that chose to stick with the spoken language . . bokm\u00e5l is no closer to spoken norwegian than nynorsk is . 
  and the numbers . 
  the god-forsaken numbers . 
   who poison the publics perceptions of patriots ? 
  what is this , the shitty , racist version of v for vendetta ? 
  respect . 
  pff , danes are practically southerners . 
  try shortest days of 0 hours and longest days of 24 hours . 
  turkey is definitely historically european , and by that i include the `` mainland '' . 
  i mean , how could it not be when it has been an integral part of european society for a thousand years ? 
  and if it 's an islam thing , then why do we still consider bosnia and albania european ? 
  or if it 's a turk thing , a `` foreign invader '' thing , then why is hungary european ? 
  the magyar came from beyond `` europe '' and settled here only a couple of hundred years before turkic peoples did the same . 
  i see the people who downvoted me had many arguments to explain why they disagreed . 
  no , this is just stemming from a misconception you have about what it means to be `` culturally european '' . 
  the majority of russia 's population is in europe and has been in europe for a thousand years . 
  the fact that things are different there than what you perceive to be `` culturally european '' is honestly not relevant . 
  are you a professional idiot , or just a gifted amateur ? 
  honestly , i think that would be the worst of both words . 
  then you 'd have * both * a politician ( essentially ) and someone who can run solely because of their bloodline . 
  it would n't even be close , which is why it is n't really an issue in politics these days except for the token sv attempts , which they are pretty much principle-bound to do . 
  i do n't think it will end with a terrible king or queen , though . 
  actually , my idea is almost the opposite . 
  i think there 's a decent chance haakon will abdicate eventually and essentially abolish the monarchy . 
  i doubt that 's hard .
