  '' , i took this to mean that you thought it was a common and/or deliberate tactic . 
  perhaps i should have phrased it differently , but it * was not * a staple of soviet warfare . 
  i 'm sure you would n't say that a mainstay of german warfare included the use of child soldiers , even though this is technically what happened in the latter stages of the war , particularly in the battle of berlin . 
  the reason it 's so important to make it clear is that a lot of people actually * do * think the go-to soviet tactic in warfare was the mass charge . 
  perhaps you do n't , in which case i apologize for assuming it . 
  the last guy to get charged using the blasphemy law was [ arnulf \u00d8verland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arnulf_%c3%98verland ) , who you may know as the guy with the `` dare not to sleep '' poem regarding hitler and nazi germany . 
  the translation takes a bit out of it ( but not that much !, 
  * ) , it 's quite powerful in norwegian . 
  besides not being fond of hitler he was also a communist ( though not moscow aligned after the purges ) and an atheist . 
  the reason he was charged was for the lecture * christianity - the tenth plague * , though he was acquitted on basis of free speech . 
  win at football . 
  i just find it very strange that you would so casually dismiss / r/askhistorians , which is made up of actual historians or students of history who ( usually ) provide complete answers with ( usually ) sources , and yet so readily accept a single source you yourself admitted you found after `` quick search '' . 
  you obviously know your fallacies , so i can only assume you know about confirmation bias . 
   but i guess in your view an eye witness constitutes also `` appeal to authority '' . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i was merely drawing a comparison between your dismissal of an entire sub of historians and your particular source . 
  i do n't really see what the quote has to do with it . 
  was that soldier present everywhere ? 
  it 's certainly useful , but it does n't say anything about the general state of warfare . 
  if / r/askhistorians is appeal to authority , then your source is also appeal to authority . 
  i can assure you that you will find plenty of sourced answers on this topic there . 
  that 's sort of the point of the sub . 
  it 's not about believing it because someone tells you . 
  you 're not crazy for believing it , but it 's not commonly accepted among historians . 
  i 'm no professional historian , but i did study it , and what i 've read suggests that if it did happen , it was far from the norm . 
  did they have logistical and tactical issues ? 
  sure . 
  was soviet warfare based around poorly equipped mass attack waves ? 
  not really . 
  not sure why anyone would downvote you for that comment , it absolutely a fact that stalin was more prepared to listen to actual advice than hitler . 
  the soviet union actually did far better against the germans than is commonly thought . 
  the purge was still a terrible idea , and one that made the war a lot more costly than he needed to be . 
   and also soviets were known to send soldiers in attack waves that had no chance of victory , or send them in the fight without enough ammunition or weapons . 
  this is a myth . 
  see / r/askhistorians for the many times it has been brought up . 
  all that you 're saying makes a certain amount of sense , but only in the context of the british election system . 
  and i get the impression a lot of you are really convinced by it . 
  i 'm not at all convinced by it , and in fact i consider it essentially us lite , but if you guys feel it 's working then by all means . 
  yes , and they have done it because they feared losings votes ( and thus seats ) in parliament . 
  now it turns out losing votes does n't actually translate to losing seats . 
  i am assuming you are a rational human being , and that you voted for a party based on goals you want to see achieved . 
  now , do you think those goals are more likely to be achieved if your party has one seat in parliament , or thirty ? 
  you * do n't * have the latter . 
  how could you have any influence when you have , what , a single seat in parliament ? 
  i do n't understand at all how you can reconcile being a ukip voter with these opinions . 
  with first past the post , ukip is never going to have any power . 
  ever . 
   and more power to the political fringes you are ** on ** the political fringes !, 
   but what can you do ? 
  uh . . change it ? 
  but , see , all of that is true in norway 's parliamentary system as well . 
  we too have a representative democracy . 
  except when our labour party got 30.8 % of the votes in the last election , they got 32.5 % of the seats in parliament . 
  the conservatives got 26.8 % votes , 28.4 % seats . 
  progress party 16.3 % votes , 17.2 % seats . 
  it goes on like that . 
  in the uk , labour got 29 % of the votes and 39.7 % of the seats . 
  the conservatives got 36.4 % of the votes and 47.1 % of the seats . 
  and this is where your system is undemocratic . 
  the lib dems got 23 % of the votes , yet only 8.8 % of the seats . 
  that 's 79 % as many votes as labour , and 22 % as many seats . 
  below that you have ukip with over 3 % of the vote , and not a single seat in a parliamentary system with 650 seats !, 
  hell , look at what is taking place in this election . 
  the snp are projected to get roughly 5 % of the vote , and yet receive significantly more seats in parliament than the rest of the smaller parties combined , for whom nearly * a third * of britons voted . 
  it 's not as undemocratic as the american system , but it 's closer to that than europe . 
   obviously , as individualism takes hold and the notion of community fades , and as prime ministers become more presidential , there is a natural rejection of constituency focused voting systems in favour of a national focus . 
  but whinging about no democracy on the day that democracy has just had its day because you lost is just so fucking pathetic . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  plenty of countries have * far * more representative systems than the uk without any `` presidential '' prime ministers or lack of the grand notion of community . 
  your last sentence is best left uncommented , because i have no idea what your point is . 
  coming from a country with a set of parliament spots specifically meant to even out these sorts of representation imbalances , first past the post just seems completely undemocratic . 
  check the mod list for / r/european for a good shout . 
  i , for one , welcome our islamist overlords . 
  it 's very interesting that after seemingly rating the current government so poorly , a clear majority still thinks it 's better than the alternative would have been . 
  sure , but that 's not really what he said though . 
  he practically guaranteed that those people had guns on them or in their car . 
  considering they were n't allowed to have guns with them it seems unlikely that * that * many people had them inside , and would really most people have it in their car ? 
  i have n't been , so i have no idea . 
  you 're terribly sure about something you have no way of knowing , and which you source as `` i have family in texas '' . 
  yes . 
  say what ? 
  i can only assume you meant to reply to the other guy . 
   but the problem here is not vat but that those people are poor and they wo n't get out of their poverty by making vat progressive . 
  and you think it it wo n't make it even * harder * if you raise the vat ? 
  people who can just about manage to stay afloat rarely have the means to climb the social ladder , and because they have so much more important to think about rarely the ambition either . 
  food is except from vat ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  it certainly is n't in norway , and from what the internet tells me it is n't in poland either besides a few specific products . 
  and it should be clear why vat proportionately hits the poorest the hardest , whether you agree with having the tax or not . 
  a `` rich '' person might make ten times as much as a `` poor '' person ( often much more , if we 're talking the super wealthy and the very poor ) , but he probably wo n't * use * ten times as many goods and services . 
  that means a significantly larger percentage of a poor person 's income/wealth will be used to pay vat than that of a rich person . 
  vat is an incredibly unprogressive form of taxation , though . 
  it disproportionately hits the poorest hardest , for obvious reasons . 
  they do n't really have more than they spend on necessary goods . 
   1913 is way earlier than the timeline we were just talking about , and before the largely unknown event called by some `` world war 1 '' devastated most of europe , but interestingly enough left all of scandinavia unscratched . 
  completely false . 
  i ca n't speak for sweden and denmark , but ww1 hit the norwegian economy very hard . 
  our entire economy was built around a very large trading fleet , which was not at all protected from german submarine warfare . 
  it is certainly true that the myth of norway being one of europe 's poorest country before finding oil is wrong , but we were * not * one of europe 's richest countries in the immediate aftermath of world war 2 , which is when we really started building the welfare state . 
   even with `` shocking 32 % '' we should :     a ) make it 10-15 % for everyone + raise non taxable income ( nowadays it 's 3091zlotys per year , something like 766euros )     b ) get rid of income tax in future , it 's better for all citiezens .
