  meh , if we do n't talk to ignorant people they 'll never learn , right ? 
  edit : i guess the internet disagrees , we should all just ignore people we do n't agree with !, 
  what about him ? 
  maybe say more than just two words . 
  are you rebelling again ? 
   in few years it will be cool to marry dogs . 
  this comparison is always so weird to me . 
  dogs ca n't say `` i do '' . 
  dogs are n't able to understand what marriage even * means * . 
  dogs are n't even human . 
  how is this relative to gay marriage ? 
  i mean ... 
  if we keep importing so many people from places where tolerance is n't common we * will * lose it here . 
  how ca n't people see that ? 
  this is n't about racism or xenophobia , i just do n't want eu to change in something it is n't . 
  i do n't want my country to be anti-women rights or anti-lgbt + , for example . 
  we should n't let our tolerance be the end of our tolerance . 
  yes , * but * leaving wilders ( pvv ) out of the coalition would mean adding in parties which are leaning left ( groenlinks ) or having a * very * weak coalition . 
  they still need a majority . 
  adding in the pvv would mean a nice majority for the coalition , so it 's very tempting to add them . 
  luckily most party leaders said they would n't govern with his party . 
  ... which pretty much plays right into wilders ` anti-elitist ' agenda . 
  sure , but it just shows that a pretty large portion shares the view from the pvv . 
  saying wilders is ` out ' is celebrating way too early . 
  wilders always gained votes by showing how the other parties try to ` ignore ' him . 
  which . . well . . they actually did ignore him this time . 
  for the pvv it was a win , they will be able to use this election to point fingers and say : `` see ? 
  even if we are the second biggest , we are n't allowed to be in a right-wing coalition ! '', 
  lets just hope they wont grow much bigger . . 
  wilders is the second biggest party , though . 
  which means a lot in the dutch government . 
  sure he is n't our prime minister ( thank god ) , but he was never going to be anyway . 
  hard truths are hard to swallow . 
  well , first of all its a human rights violation . 
  the dutch government would be allowing people to have the opportunity to attack that right . 
  also , the last referendum in the netherlands caused a lot of problems , like riots and it even caused a diplomatic incident . 
  one that ended a friendly relationship between turkey and the nl that lasted for decades . 
  contrary to belief , the dutch government does n't actually have to provide voting booths in the country so that dutch turks can vote . 
  if these turks want to vote in the referendum , they 'll have to go to turkey to vote or do it by mail ( which is n't possible in turkey , but that 's * their * problem , not ours ) . 
  that rug really tied the room together !, 
  darn duitsers , always so efficient and have forms for everything !, 
  no , but our governments have to protect their country . 
  and turkey is becoming a rather problematic country . . 
  people not living in the country said vote is about . . ? 
  have you heard about the last time the turks were allowed to vote in a referendum from turkey ? 
  the diplomatic conflicts from that ? 
  why not ? 
  we are the fascists !, 
  i forgot ... 
  mark rutte is smart , knows how to get things done and is good at being a politician . 
  he 's also very calculated , lies and can be shady in a lot of things . 
  he 's a good politician , but he is a * politician * . 
  i think sybrand buma ( cda ) would be a better leader * for me * . 
  but he would n't represent a large portion of the country , while i think rutte can represent the majority . 
  our king willempie is just great . 
  dude is chill as fuck . 
  love him , dabbing to the youngsters and all . 
  scheitpost - dutch . 
  ` poeppost ' if you want to be a bit more elegant . 
  this is _ insane _ . 
  this is not the europe i know or want . 
  a jewish polish rroma homosexual nazi *, 
  i 'm not pretending shit here , i agree . 
  but people are buying it actually . 
  getting called a ` fascist ' does n't hurt people like le pen and geert wilders anymore , because people have been calling them ` fascist ' over every single tiny detail for months upon months . 
  fascist this , fascist that . 
  it 's getting meaningless because it 's overused . 
  ` populism ' , ` fascism ' , ` alt-right ' . 
  it 's a 24/7 repeat . 
  the thing you people do n't get is that calling them fascism and all these other terms is only pushing them more to extremism . 
  and no , i did n't vote wilders . 
  i do n't agree with his views . 
  this people . 
  this is how we defeat the fascists !, 
  great discussions , good arguments !, 
   another demographic group in another profession without contributing any related data ? 
  now , wait a second here . 
  you are saying that if he added a link to another graph and sources , it would totally be fine to compare this demographic group with other groups and discuss this here ? 
  then why did n't you say * that * . 
  why not ask data ? 
  you were trying to silence his point , not because he was missing data , but because you said it was ` irrelevant ' to the graph :  you asked about construction workers which is n't the subject of the graph nor is it of relevance . 
  so which one is it ? 
  does he have to only discuss * this * graph you posted , and not compare it with another or discuss other demographic groups , * or * does he have to contribute data from another demographic group before bringing up the discussion ? 
  if it 's the former , you are just literally trying to censor a fair point he made . 
  he is allowed to start such discussions in the comments , encouraged even . 
  if it 's the latter , why not just say that he should provide data , instead of saying he is n't allowed to talk about another demographic group at all and only the group at hand ? 
  so it 's wrong to compare a statistic like this to other relevant jobs and fields ? 
  i mean , this comment section is for discussion , right ? 
  it * is * of relevance , maybe not to you , but looking at the other comments here it certainly is . 
  if we are n't allowed to discus such things here , what is the point of this graph ? 
  he was n't talking about * your * country . 
  but another one , he wrote it in his comment . 
  he was talking about the idea of putting quotas on a industry , and how that would promote more inequality in that field . 
  talking about how we always see such graphs about these kind of jobs ( high pay , not a lot of physical work ) , but we never actually see graphs about hard physical work with lower pay . 
  it 's cherrypicking . 
   where are you from , if i may ask ? 
  maybe reread the comment you commented on . . it 's literally in there . .  here the worst - least paid - jobs are mostly taken by women . 
  shopkeeper/cashier and cleaning lady difference is , construction work is a * lot * more taxing on a persons body than a cashier or cleaning lady . 
  do construction workers get payed more ? 
  sure !,
