  a personal attack like calling someone a dickhead . 
  tossing any chance of sharing opinions out of the room ? 
  you were the one telling me and another guy ` you do n't know enough about the subject clearly . 
  ' , that 's literally trying to devalue someones opinion . 
  i do n't know man , it seems like everything you are telling me is mainly just pointing back at you . 
   let me ask you , are you circumcised and do you have first person experience on the matter ? 
  if the answer is no than just admit like an adult that you dont have the full picture of it . 
  not circumcised , had boyfriends who were and had extensive conversations with them on the subject . 
  one was later in his life circumcised . 
   you also clearly lacked a bit of knowledge because you thought most circumcision were full , did you know partially circumcision existed ? 
  i redirect you to an earlier comment of mine :  i never said all of the foreskin . 
  my point still stands . 
   now i got ta be careful with what i say because you seem to nitpick everything appart . 
  i 'm not saying you cant discuss the subject , i never did but somehow you filled in the blanks with that . 
  i suggest you dont do that in a discussion as it is really annoying and does n't get you anywhere . 
  that 's not nitpicking , it 's just talking , buddy . 
  ` telling ' someone that they obviously have no idea what they are talking about is trying to devalue someones opinion . 
  it 's literally taught in discussion lessons not to do that as it is n't actually arguing the point . 
  saying something like that is trying to undermine the other party personally instead of trying to build a case against their arguments . 
   no it wo n't have the same effect , it just does n't . 
  a kid does n't even like washing and pulling the foreskin back without partial circumcision can be painful . 
  thus a kid will barely wash it . 
  you only get sex ed when you 're around 12 . 
  not every parent has that much time on his hands . 
  you do n't actually * have * to wash beneath the foreskin area when a boy is young , only the outside . 
  maybe you should read up on how an uncircumcised penis works when boys are young . 
  the washing only really starts getting important when they are in their early teens , and by then their parent 's have taught them to wash it or sex ed has . 
  if a parent has not enough time to teach their kids basic hygiene , they are unfit to be a parent . 
  it does n't matter if the kid is circumcised then . 
   yes indeed the kid does n't have a say in it but a kid does n't have a say in so many things when it 's young so that makes it alright ? 
  uhh , no ? 
  are parents allowed to decide if they cut of parts of their daughters private parts when they are kids ? 
  just because a kid does n't have a say in a lot of things , does n't mean that cutting skin off his body is okay . 
   and there really are no drawbacks to it . 
  teach a kid proper hygiene ( like a parent is supposed to do , even when he * is * circumcised ) and there are no drawbacks to * not * cutting either . 
   i do n't know why you make such a big deal about it . 
  it 's something that has proven to benefit health and has no drawbacks . 
  same answer to that . 
  it 's a joke about erdogan calling the netherlands nazi 's . 
   i was n't dismissing you just telling you . 
  ah nice , a good personal attack on the person 's social abilities , one of the best and most profound reasoning and discussing tactics . 
  what i do know about discussions is that a personal attack in it is rather childish . 
  you called me a dickhead earlier ? 
  the last sentence was a way of showing you how ridiculous your earlier sentence was ( which you have used against me , and someone else too ) : ` you do n't know enough about the subject clearly . 
  dismissing someones argument just because you * think * they do n't have the knowledge on the subject is weird reasoning . 
  calling me childish , ey ? 
   you clearly do n't tho . 
  your point does n't stand at all if it 's partially done , the penis does n't become insensitive because in normal stance the penis is still protected . 
  putting low effort into your hygiene will solve everything a partial foreskin removal does too . 
  when kids are young it 's parents who clean it . 
  when a guy is getting in his teen years , no doubt he will be checking out his dick under the shower . 
  also , sex ed , which teaches boys to wash their dicks . 
  partial foreskin removal is still bad , the kid has no choice over it . 
  which can be countered if you just wash your dick every other day , which nearly everyone does in europe . 
  no cutting necessary . 
  if he was asking literally he should 've added a question mark , now it just sounds like a rude comment . 
   not all circumcision is all of the foreskin of . 
  most of the times it 's not . 
  i never said all of the foreskin . 
  my point still stands . 
   you do n't know enough about the subject clearly . 
  you said that to the previous guy too . 
  i do n't know man , just seems like you 'd rather dismiss someones knowledge about the subject rather than actually having a conversation with them . 
  you do n't know enough about conversations and discussions , clearly . 
  hahaha , are n't you a nice lad . 
  great having a conversation with you . 
  cutting the foreskin off does n't prevent a lot of things , if you just wash it everyday there is no problem . 
  cutting the skin off makes the penis less reactive to sexual stimulation . 
  if you want to cut off foreskin , you should be able to do it . 
  but dont force it upon a child , he never made that choice . 
   circumcision should be illegal up to a certain age ** or due to medical purposes . 
  true , it 's sickening really . 
  but how many people still really trust the media ? 
  i sure do n't , luckily more people do n't . 
  they 're digging their own graves . 
  what 's the deal with finland being on a map in the first place ? 
  i 've been told it does n't exist !, 
  erdogan :p it 's a joke, 
  recognition is the first step to finding an actual answer . 
  i agree though , their answer sucks . 
  other parties , though . . fingers in their ears and singing a song . 
  too many cultures and differences in people to unite in one country . 
  why change it ? 
  i like this system , we are united , just not a country . 
  let 's call people names , that will teach them to have a different political opinion than mine !, 
  because that stopped muslims from protesting before . . / s, 
  today was a chance to convince a lot of people that they should like muslims . 
  but i guess not . 
  but voting is n't the only thing you have to do to better a country . 
  no he is right , technically . 
  if today is 11th , and it started - ( !, 
  ) 4 days _ ago _ , that means 11 + 4 = 15th june . 
  but the media told me about the populists !, 
  * the populists !!, 
  * sigh * alright , boys . 
  we can give up now , the jig is up . 
  `` journalists in the us are fighting the problem . '', 
  hahahahahahaha , man that must be a joke . 
  wait , wait a second !, 
  breaking news guys , trump had two icecream scoops !,
