fine , refugees . 
  what has nationalism to do with this ? 
   nationalism will solve nothing . 
  not wanting immigration is nationalism ? 
  uh . . no ? 
  that sounds a bit rough , does n't it ? 
  this map is actually beautiful, 
  damn these people are energetic , i may go on vacation here again next year !, 
  a bird chirping in northern finland sparks anger in ankara a fart in southern italy sparks anger in ankara the existence of the universe sparks anger in ankara, 
  because nearly all of the population in those countries are white . . 
  because it 's a major power ? 
  that sentence took a whole different road i thought it was going to take . 
  it was me , mr bond . 
  the architect of all your pain . 
  oh my god . . it 's almost like . . our free speech . . 
  it 's back ?!, 
  / r/europe with european values is back !, 
  do n't bother bringing this up anywhere , though . 
  you 'll be branded racist , islamophobic and other words . 
  the art of discussion and seeing different views is ( mostly ) dead . 
  let me paint you a picture , son . 
  portrait of a bitch after the turkey coup . 
  you were stirring up the fears of the turkish people . 
  telling the world that the eu is evil . 
  something something , infidels , something something , nazi remnants , something something , genocide , something something , milk drinkers . 
  oh oh , haha , oh buddy . . you have * no idea * , do you ? 
  the new york times shows how not to write an article, 
  and lets be honest , pechtold is * waaaaay * hotter than jesse, 
  ah , right . . basically : less restrictions for businesses , less laws withholding freedom , lower taxes , less government spending , less government in commercial they are in for profits , mostly benefiting the rich and middle class . 
  less hand outs to poor or people unable to work . 
  they are economic * right * . 
  they think individual freedom is more important than equality , they do n't want the government limiting anyone , which makes them * liberal * . 
  this pretty much works in the same way with the eu . 
  they want the eu for economic reasons , but they do not want eu laws that will limit the dutch . 
  so they are kind-a pro-eu , and kind-a no-eu . 
  they would never leave it , because of the profits . 
  but they do n't really enjoy it either , because the eu is making laws that limit us . 
  this will be the third time that the vvd is leading the government , he 's actually a pretty good leader . 
  ( even though we all complain at him . ), 
  they hate us caus they aint us , yo, 
  vvd , party that 's mostly right/liberal . 
  mark rutte is a pretty calm dude , a bit sneaky but calm . 
  the first places to finish counting the votes are regions with low populations and small ( mostly christian ) towns . 
  right now it seems the cda is wining a lot of support but this will fall back when the bigger cities ( mostly non-christian ) are counted . 
  so in a hour it may rise with +2 seats , and then it back up again with -3 . 
  you first pick a party you agree with , and then you pick a person from that party . 
  though most people vote for the # 1 on the list . 
  all ` excess ' votes automatically go to the next person on that party 's list and so on . 
  stolen from swirly023 , 
  did n't know i needed this in my life . 
  but i do . . let / u/floyddit eat two dicks !, 
  whoo !, 
  '' . . the other reason is that many dutch do n't like . . '' he was n't saying that , he was saying that a lot of * dutch people * feel that way . 
  which is true . 
  not the guy you are replying to , but . . `` it was n't * all * about winning votes . . '' '' . . of course politicians will spin it in their favor with just a week before the elections . '', 
  he seems to agree with you . 
  * of course * we dutch know that they took advantage of the situation for their own gain . 
  however . . `` that might make it seem like it was all about votes , yet it was n't . 
  for the dutch side anyways . '', 
  i mean , the turkish government did call us nazi 's . 
  you ca n't expect our politicians to just roll over and let the turkish government fuck us like that , right ? 
  if you really believe we should 've just ignored the nazi claim , then you know nothing about the history of the netherlands and the nazi regime . 
  calling the dutch nazi 's is one of the best ways to start a conflict with the netherlands . 
  that shit wo n't fly . 
  i mean . . we could just try and see what happens , right ? 
  our flag is older then your whole damn country . 
  you know , maybe if you call a country ( that was occupied by the nazi-regime in ww2 ) a nazi country , you should just fuck off . 
  you 're telling us dutch people to not `` piss off turks '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  we are n't burning their fucking flag . 
  we are n't causing diplomatic conflicts . 
  give me a fucking break , friend . 
  luckily we know not all turks are like these . 
  not only in turkey , a lot of turks in countries outside turkey support him too, 
  or . . they are well informed . . ? 
  i mean , you can take that both ways , right, 
  we should be investing money in stopping these smugglers organizing trips , spread the message that they wo n't be saved if they go . 
  that 's how we prevent people from drowning . 
  you know what does n't work ? 
  pray and hope they find a ship . 
  prevention , instead of symptom solving . 
  it 's the equivalent of people standing below that bridge and yelling `` come down , i * might * catch you ! '' . 
  but you got ta remember , if they jump wrong , they are fucking dead . 
  and then these guys come in and are like `` hey , * maybe * if you keep yelling that , more and more people will jump . 
  maybe if we do n't yell that they should jump , they wo n't risk their lives coming down ? '', 
  this ` rescue ' operation is making sure more and more people will endanger their lives . 
  it may sound paradoxical , but helping these people means more people will die in the future . 
  they risk the boat trip because * they know people will help them . 
  that 's not murder , tho . 
  if someone jumps from a bridge , is it our fault for not catching him ? 
   the safety and wellbeing of humans is not in the minds of many europeans why are they getting to europe again ? 
  i mean , we are apparently shit , so . . 
  and if a news agency does n't like what you post , they 'll just blackmail you . 
  i 'm on the fence about him . 
  i do n't agree with a portion of his views , but he has shown a good spine at least , which i think europe needs . 
   that 's not a personal attack tho and i found it rather funny with talking about dicks and all , i guess you do n't find my humor that amusing and you were being passive aggressive after all . 
  yes , it 's my fault you called me a dickhead . 
   what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  it 's just something i learned in school like 3 years ago . 
  we learned about reasoning and debating and in a discussion a personal attack is rather childish and is just tossing any chance in sharing opinions out of the room .
