  83 % , the 4th highest acceptance rate after sweden , iceland and denmark . 
  but this is only the acceptance of gay marriage . 
  the acceptance of gay people kissing in public , acceptance of one 's own children being gay etc. 
  is considerably lower , which the same study also reflects . 
  single issue polls can be slightly misleading or lead to the illusion that results can be projected on other issues that seem to be similar . 
   it 's like the people that think that racism means ... oh , you 're gon na explain what racism is . 
   nope that 's not what prejudice is . 
  oh , you are talking about prejudice now . 
  why did you switch the term ? 
  why is this in / r/europe ? 
  zimmer does his ever-the-same sounding zimmering in murica . 
  even the movie is about an american amusement park in america . 
   17 o\u2019clock i love how you are trying to confuse americans , 
  yes , they are very informative , no matter if you live under an fptp system or in a country that uses a proportional vote variant . 
  honestly , the cgp grey videos on fptp vs proportional systems are much better . 
  it does n't only alarm experts , it also alarms a lot of laypersons . 
  sorry , you already used up your quota of 3 questions . 
   how long does it take ? 
  it depends . 
   why do people do it ? 
  because reasons . 
   what 's the point ? 
  that 's a good point . 
  his time in the kgb , being unscrupulous enough , knowing the people with power , being street wise enough to gather said people around himself is enough to get rich and powerful . 
  he just had to wait for the proper moment and do as dear leader joseph stalin did before . 
  other people were much richer and nearly as powerful , but their companies got magically nationalized , the owners ended up in prison ... and so on . 
  putin is certainly no idiot or fool , but he knows very well how dependent he is on the big money and support by other powerful figures in mother russia . 
  he 's playing a dangerous game . 
  correct . 
  i would add fremdsch\u00e4men to the menu . 
  who needs icebergs nowadays if you have windows xp instead ? 
  so , a person in the uk ca n't be `` detained '' to ascertain their identity ? 
  how is e.g. 
  fraud of all kinds prevented without any identifying documents ? 
  even nowadays wild game or mushrooms occasionally have to be taken from the market because they contain too high radiation levels , especially in south germany . 
  this is a consequence of chernobyl . 
  in germany , you are obligated to have an id , but you do n't have to carry it with you at all . 
  ask the gasman working for gazprom now who set the course . 
  as a german , i 'm not surprised , or rather surprised that this is supposed to be news . 
  the poverty risk for older people has been known and discussed for quite a while . 
  i would prefer * influential * over * great * . 
  the positive connotation of * great * might not make it the best candidate to describe the likes of stalin , pol pot , hitler or mao . 
  and i know , by itself * great * is just a neutral word . 
  but not really . 
  if you talk about the greatness of a person , you do n't aim at or try to draw attention ~ ~ at ~ ~ to that person 's vile and despicable traits . 
  dictators and rulers always loved to describe themselves as the * great * whatnot , for the very reason of having a positive connotation . 
  and hundreds of hidden champions playing big roles in little niches . 
  yeah , like that . 
  maybe not that strictly , 
  still better than the shit shows in the us and the uk . 
  to be honest , if you translate some of the english terms that are actually of latin or greek origin to actual english , they do n't sound less `` funny '' . 
  german versions : ringfinger , drache , rechner ( calculator ) / computer bus , fahrrad ( drive wheel ) , panzer erde ( earth ) , do n't know that dog breed , flugzeugtr\u00e4ger ( flight stuff carrier ) d\u00fcsentriebwerk ( jet drive works ) , flugzeug ( flight stuff/thing ) , autobahn ( car track ) nashorn ( nose horn ) , eisenbahn ( iron track ) , m\u00fcllkippe ( trash dump ), 
  as everyone can see , we do n't need more surveillance . 
  we already surpassed 1984 by far . 
   we later called germania . 
  * we * , as in * the romans * . 
  the whole region was populated by a lot of tribes and peoples . 
  even caesar recognized that in his bellum gallicum . 
   when you take out north africa , christianity is mainstream in africa . 
  and if you ignore 78 million non-muslims in germany , islam is mainstream in germany . 
   when people talk about africa , they mean sub saharan nope . 
  i did n't . 
  case closed . 
  it could be comical . 
  no politician has the power to send anyone to any therapy -- let alone to a nonexistent one . 
  pray the gay awey is not a thing in germany . 
  wrong continent . 
  homosexuality is not seem as an illness . 
  it is obvious that your `` fear '' is completely unfounded . 
  denmark could be the $ punk . 
  what a missed opportunity . 
  least surprising part . 
  rule of law is n't the first thing that comes to mind in connection with china , though . 
  my favorite is his idea of dripping carbolic acid on the clitoris of baby girls to prevent them from masturbating . 
  strangely enough it did n't catch on as much as circumcision did , 
  africa has a high rate because of its massive islamization , which took place long after christianity came to be . 
  circumcision existed before , of course , but islam would be the biggest driver of circumcision after spreading over the continent , often in combination with slave trade . 
  and christianity is not exactly mainstream in africa . 
  50 % of africans are muslim . 
  religious reasons ( muslims , jews ) , daddy 's cock is circumcised , too ( usa ) . 
  the most ridiculous reason : my baby boy 's willie should look like my husband 's . 
  what if it 's a girl ? 
  wan na cut off her labia for the reason that her pussy looks different from yours as well ? 
  or force her to get implants because her breasts are smaller than yours , mommy ? 
  wrong . 
  people care . 
  there were attempts in some countries . 
  and there were `` heated '' discussions about religious discrimination and the sorts , which lead to dropping the whole thing . 
  you might find that sad and terrible , but that 's how it went . 
  it has nothing to do with eu politicians . 
  you do n't seem to get how the process of lawmaking works in the eu , or in which areas the eu is allowed to make laws in the first place . 
  yeah , topical steroid therapy does not always work and circumcision can be necessary . 
  a modiste can add a few passements to such a hat in no time . 
  i would assume that the hat and the dress already were done a while ago . 
  adding a few flowers in the same color is n't magic . 
  you only need to look at how china creates economic facts on the african continent to see china 's `` imperial '' ambitions . 
  benign power is no appropriate title for either the us or china . 
  china creates its empire in a different fashion than the us , that 's all . 
   seriously , please tell me this article is fake and is a satire . 
  first line on that webpage reads :  uk spoof news and satire take a guess .
