  so , here it is again , as far as i can remember : no , it 's not likely to happen , but it 's nevertheless a valid alternative opinion beyond the usual antagonistic and simplistic good vs. evil/right vs. wrong / world view . 
  the solutions to problems on this planet are not pairs of opposites without other alternatives . 
  sorry for the inconvenience of accidentally deleting my answer . 
  if anyone knows how i can revert this , please let me know . 
  yeah , because this world only offers two opposite alternatives as a reaction to problems , right ? 
  no , i think the signal from nato should be `` calm your tits , turkey . 
  this is about nato , not your petty sultan 's ambitions . '', 
  in no way did i say erdogan 's actions should be sugarcoated . 
  there are more options to do things . 
  that would send the absolutely wrong signal to erdogan . 
  this time it 's not `` just '' an airbase used by germany via a bilateral treaty with turkey , this time it 's a nato related use of a nato military base and i want to see a nato reaction to that . 
  you sound more and more like a bot that ca n't compute the content it 's supposed to produce an answer for . 
  would you be so kind to make sense , please ? 
  what does that have to do with reductio ad hitlerum -- the point that i was making about your answer ? 
  i did n't mention putin . 
  never forget to mention hitler in any argument . 
  i would guess that brexit * might be * another reason . 
  they just want to be polite , 
   girl-trio o'g3ne who ? 
  companies always only change their products to ** satisfy the demands of their customers \u2122 ** customer satisfaction optimization \u00ae , you know ? 
  i bet they got complaints about these too cheap and too large fish fingers and reacted by making them smaller and more expensive for their czech customer base . 
  instant customer satisfaction is paramount !, 
  totally . 
  especially the weird english renditions of german city , town and state names . 
  h\u00e4mb\u00f6rg , b\u00f6rlinn , nuhremberg , lohwa s\u00e4xonie ... come on !, 
  yeah , of course siemens is surprised . 
  like everytime they get contracts via bribery etc. 
  it 's good old siemens tradition . 
   that has a little more skin in the game the problem being that the afd rather have skin * head * in the game . 
  i would use the present singular imperative of futuere ( futue ! ), 
  instead . 
  oh , yahoo answers , the other quora . 
  welcome to the wondrous world of  how is babby formed ? 
   why is nasa lying about nibiru destroying earth ? 
  questions . 
   while the team is attempting to extort money from us . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  so , they uploaded a list containing roughly 1/1000th of turkey 's population . 
  erdogan is fucking nuts . 
  i 'm not sure about austrian law but hate crime is not a legal term in germany , as far as i 'm aware . 
  austrian law . 
  the fp\u00d6 is an austrian party . 
  the \u00d6 gives it away because it stands for \u00d6sterreich . 
  he is luxembourgish , thus rather uninteresting for german tax authorities . 
  tl ; dr : read the article . 
  that might be a plan b , but it 's yet to be demonstrated how solid it is . 
  edit : typo, 
  saudi arabia and other similar nations have nothing to offer beyond their only source of income : oil . 
  the money they have to offer is directly bound to that source . 
  once that resource loses its relevance they 'll be royally fucked . 
  they are no industrialized nations , they are no centers of engineering , pretty much everything they build or buy is invented , constructed , planned and realized exclusively by foreign sources . 
  all they can export is oil ... oh , and swords for decapitation . 
  maybe a few camels and hawks . 
  they have no brain to drain . 
  they have only oil to drain , and once it 's drained they 're completely dried up , cause their money wo n't last forever . 
  they really need to work on a solid plan b. 
  it 's magic !, 
  sooner or later it 'll come out anyway . 
  apart from that , it 's an open secret . 
  as open as it can get . 
  that 's the horseshoe theory in action , 
  my friend has two kids with adhd , one of them also being an aspie . 
  my friend was a very `` complicated '' kid himself and it took him an awfully long time to learn how to deal with his problems . 
  and especially the final diagnosis of their oldest son was a true odyssey . 
  i had lengthy talks with him about how he wished this was already known over 30 years ago , and how it could have made his life a lot easier . 
  he says that a lot of his problems became much easier to understand in hindsight . 
  luckily their son finally gets all the support he needs , like behavioral therapy , tutoring for school , proper medication , language therapy and regular medical checkups . 
  by the way , my friend 's mother ( who 's in her 70 's ) is obviously suffering from the same condition , but never got diagnosed . 
  it clearly runs in his family . 
  and these kids always existed , they were called differently or just beaten into submission over 60 years ago . 
  shakira law : shaking your hips is mandatory . 
  unless you go west on the globe and end up in europe . 
  oh , historically they were bff 's . 
  both are much more similar than they might like . 
  britain 's allies are n't its military recruits . 
  they ca n't be deserters . 
  names and nouns in general start with a capital letter in german . 
  at least try to tell an unfunny joke properly . 
  it 's the law . 
   if enough purple disagree with you and report your post , your post gets removed . 
  imagine this would happen on reddit . 
  btw , * purple * is a cute autocorrect failure . 
  are you talking about facebook ? 
  no , the point is that social media are not about social interaction . 
  they 're about generating profit via filtering access , spying on content and providing heavily censored content that in turn optimizes profit . 
  imagine what the world would look like if albert einstein , heinz alfred kissinger or wernher von braun would have spoken english instead of german . 
  at did n't take long to bring the war into the discussion . 
  you 're forgiven , 
   back ouch !, 
  it 's bach . 
  maybe it 's easier to memorize if you learn that * bach * is n't pronounced with a k at the end . 
  [ listen to the pronunciation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/58/pl-bach.ogg ), 
  john le carr\u00e9 and i think you 're wrong . 
  in both you were there to listen and to agree to/applaud the party decisions that were spoon-fed to you . 
  you do n't need tables for that . 
  you 're basically part of an audience/fan block of a soccer stadium or a listener in a concert hall . 
  your function is to shout `` encore !, 
  she thinks gays should have full rights , including adoption , but thinks marriage is a term that should be used exclusively for heterosexual couples . 
  pretty close to the roman catholic definition . 
  and pretty close to the constitutional court decision from 10 years ago .
