  it 's not the point of the topic here , anyway . 
  a `` little older '' , like more than twice as old . 
  the last cartoon shows i remember watching were ren and stimpy , cow and chicken , i r weasel , rugrats , johnny bravo and dexter 's lab , haha . 
  i 've never heard of ed , edd & eddy . 
  i got ta check that one . 
  english to german is good for a laugh , not only because of the compound words but also because of the much more complex grammar ( cases , genders ect . ), 
  in german . 
  i can imagine it 's similarly bad if you try to translate english to french with google translate . 
  and even a lot worse if you translate to slavic languages with their even more comprehensive case systems that remind me a bit of latin or greek ( from my not actually knowing any slavic languge but knowing latin perspective ) . 
  english to german only works if you break it down to short and absolutely unambiguous sentences . 
  try more complicated stuff and it 's like trying to decypher something written by a person with mild to severe or even fatal cognitive disabilities . 
  bud spencer and [ wolfgang hess ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0lnxcigbym ) , his voice actor in the german dubs will always be parts of a single entity for me  both , spencer and hill were often guests in german tv shows throughout the decades . 
  hill even can [ speak ( broken ) german ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1a6xexiolw ) . 
  just do n't treat blue collar workers like imbecile second class citizens and train them properly . 
  vocational training does n't have to mean wage slavery , if they are trained well and if they are constantly trained to stay up to date on modern technology and techniques . 
  planned obsolescence won . 
  it 's a pity . 
  i bet there is a facebook page for everything . 
  it just has to be stupid enough . 
  if that 's the best argument they can put on the table then you know you better just turn around and run away . 
  it is scary how many people actually think that leaving the eu is as simple as elvis leaving the building . 
  the fact that being a memmber of the eu also means that , in case of leaving the eu , a huge amount of legal obligations is to be followed , and also nationally , a lot of eu-related legislation would potentially have to be changed/disentangled from eu context . 
  and on top of that , now you do n't have the eu as mommy and daddy who make all the trade deals for you anymore . 
  everyone who thinks that they can undo decades over decades of involvement in the eu in the blink of an eye just because they have some `` gut feeling '' , must be severely delusional . 
  ha , that would make my 7 years of latin at highschool useful in the end . 
  kankerkuts ... makes me think of new kids . 
  [ literally !, 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/013/289/3toarf.jpg ), 
  * woof * [ indeed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isepu6cbvn8 ) * woof *, 
  [ what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exwfh6sgyso ), 
  protest voters are stupid . 
  if you disagree with both sides then just cast an invalid vote . 
  it 's going to be in the statistics and you did n't do some stupid shit . 
  imagine 10 % of invalid votes popping up , that would send an understandable signal . 
  if you vote for something you do n't want to come true -- nopes , you just lost your right to complain . 
  get your head checked . 
  are you kidding ? 
  he and terrence hill are famous in germany . 
  childhood memories ... 
  get my upvote for the edit . 
  it was just a prank , though , 
  oh , you guys are n't alone !, 
  we have our own share of incompetent yet vocal politicians in germany as well . 
  i know . 
  edit : but economic migrants , one of the brexit reasons , has an even less glamorous connotation to it . 
  ** rights british economic migrants will lose across europe ... ** that has a less glamorous ring to it than `` expats '' , does n't it ? 
  another of many sentences in erdogan 's book `` the shit i say about stuff '' . 
  my goodness , yes !, 
  you could n't make that stuff up . 
  if the uk actually leaves , it 's gon na be a massive headache for the uk , less so for the big block of the eu . 
  individualism and special snowflake attitude wo n't magically make the problems go away . 
  prof. dougan explains it quite well in his talk . 
  the [ legal consequences and problems are massive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y ) . 
  oh , i do n't care about sch\u00e4uble . 
  i care about actual legal problems and consequences , which e. g. prof. dougan explains very well [ in his talk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y ) . 
  well , populist parties are one thing , voters who now can see how their money could go poof ( even indirectly ) , or how their holiday trips could get more complicated again if they vote `` leave '' are most probably a very different kind of animal . 
  people often forget their loyalties if it 's about their wallet . 
  freedom -- that flexible word that means anythig you like in politics . 
  a word much more useful than boring facts or actual arguments . 
  we 'll see how attractive it is once people realize the very real downsides of leaving . 
  now we have a good example to watch and observe , actual law professionals explaining the massive internal legal problems for a quitter , everyone can see the global reactions to the result of the referendum . 
  and maybe the realization of how much gets subsidized and funded with eu money helps to think twice about a referendum in other countries . 
  farmers surely love eu subsidies , for example . 
  you guess ? 
  is that what you call pulling things out of your anus ? 
  show us some radical facts about all the drowned problems , radical_theorist . 
  i do n't like penis in general . 
  i was just going to write something along your line ... so true !, 
  that 's the legendary british humour , i guess . 
  protest voting is stupid , no matter which side you are on . 
  no haste , all of a sudden ? 
  so all this was just an elaborate monty python skit ? 
  now that 's an evil pun . 
  attention !, 
  wear tin foil hat while reading this article . 
  reading may lead to spontaneous hysterical laughter , brain cancer or short term memory loss . 
  you 've been warned . 
  why am i writing here ? 
  we know that around 30 % ( iirc ) of all twitter accounts are bots , so any political manipulation attempts via twitter are not surprising at all . 
  haha , good point . 
  the nurse version of arsonist firefighters . 
  the bundesamt f\u00fcr verfassungsschutz would be translated to federal office for the protection of the constitution . 
  or just be an adult and do n't jump on cars just because you 're too stupid to manage your alcohol intake . 
  i know how it got dented . 
  but was that really necessary ? 
  happy days for a dented roof , beer sploged over the car , and most likely scratches all over the paint . 
  but some quids they managed to push through the window seal makes it all just awesome , i guess ... 
  i guess i just find it retarded because i 'm not drunk enough and not a big football fan . 
  enjoy football , but maybe just do n't jump on someone else 's car ... 
  why dent it in the first place ? 
  just asking . 
  how does that make them awesome ? 
  yeah , i can confirm , germany is a terrible dictatorial police state ruled by lizard people . 
  all the military roaming the streets , police killing everyone , the labor camps are full of innocent germans just trying to live their lives ... 
  seriously , what world do you live in ? 
  everything is an atm nowadays . 
  the internet is no exception , as google etc. 
  show us everyday . 
  cutting off the busiest internet exchange points ( de-cix , ams-ix , linx , data-ix , msk-ix ... ) of the planet is not the smartest idea .
