the syrup must flow . 
  indeed they want an underwriter for their plans , among other things . 
  the last indyref was lost in part over economic arguments , in part because the snp plan for a currency was alex salmond demanding a currency union and getting a firm no - as the bank of england is not something the uk wants to share control of , especially not when the risk would be so lopsided . 
  if memory serves the snp response was to cry foul and threaten to renege on their share of the national debt . 
  creditworthy stuff . 
  developed countries with negligible growth , chronic 20 % + unemployment , dangerous financial system / national debt situations and no control over their monetary policy . 
  its not been a great ride for them lately . 
  show me anything theresa may has said that is as hostile as `` there must be a threat , there must be a risk , there must be a price '' . 
  give me a source for it , because i 've not seen it . 
  its not even remotely the same thing and the tories would be pilloried for being as stupid and arrogant as ukip ( our right-wing slightly crazy party ) to make such a hostile position the starting point of our new and unfolding uk-eu relationship . 
  edit : basically the tories are n't looking to punish the eu , but french politicians are looking to punish the uk to look tough before an election . 
  brace for downvotes pal . 
  this sub has been toxic for anyone with a uk tag since the vote unless you 're drinking the same kool-aid . 
  generations of close ( if not perfectly harmonious ) cooperation and relations ready to be flushed for the sake of cheap political point scoring to save the eu project / stem the tide of far-right sentiment rising in their own countries - particularly by french politicians ahead of the 2017 election - is sad to watch for sure . 
  this sub is increasingly a pale reflection of that hysteria and growing `` us vs them '' mindset . 
  hopefully things will die down eventually and they 'll realise we 're not suddenly an enemy , just a neighbour that does n't quite want to be in such a close and/or ever closer political union . 
  :( edit days later : well that turned out more or less as expected . 
  thanks , but this is pretty much the standard chest-puffing rhetoric we 've been getting over and over since the referendum result from pretty much all of the french 2017 presidential hopefuls . 
  especially from hollande as he continues to get dumpstered in opinion polls . 
  as i understand it he 's unlikely to even make it out of the first round of voting . 
  still sad though , that after generations of generally close ( if not perfectly harmonious ) cooperation with france their politicians will play games and intentionally sour relations long term for cheap political points now to try and claw back voters from their disturbingly popular far-right rivals . 
  you should take advantage , come over on holiday while its still sunny . 
  we could sprinkle you over our chips . 
  i 'm too lazy to explain to someone on the internet the mechanics of eu funding in the 80s and the rebate so here 's the [ eli5 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate ) of recent history and why it came into existence . 
  the reasons the cap came to be still exist in part , though not as severely as time has worn on and we 've all aligned more closely . 
  the uk has also notably for about a decade now held out what is basically an open offer to end the rebate if the cap system is reformed . 
  its a mexican standoff in which both sides are idiots for not just agreeing a middle ground . 
  neither party the uk or the eu were required to act first , as everyone wields a veto on these things during multiannual financial framework budget decisions - but the uk government ( blair iirc ) at least made the first offer to solve the rebate problem if the problems it was currently patching up were also solved . 
  every uk government since has been open to the idea , to my knowledge . 
  the answer to this has always been a collective shrug from the continental beneficiaries of cap as it stood , and so nothing 's really been done since . 
  the lack of fairness is up to the eu 's structure and entrenched interests as much as any uk government 's actions . 
  i think the uk should have been paying more than our counterparts in smaller economies like italy and spain ( who have at times ended up contributing more than us ) , but less than germany and france who are bigger economies . 
  its not rocket science and its not really about leverage either . 
  its just one poorly thought out system being cockblocked from reform by another poorly thought out system . 
  neither of which are looking likely to be a concern for the united kingdom going forward . 
  basic arithmetic is on your side , at least . 
  complex arithmetic too , given how much calculation goes into making sure our rebate is fair and the eu budget palatable for all . 
  this thread has been interesting so far , but the uk 's rebate is necessary beyond question because of how the eu spends much of its money ( see cap etc ) . 
  while not perfect in its current form a rebate or reduction in payments would have had to be done * somehow * , otherwise brexit would probably have happened in the late 80s already . 
  i would n't go calling this the longest trade negotiation in the history of mankind ; this is what every third party effectively has to go through with the eu when making an agreement , hence the reputation for convoluted negotiations . 
  only if you are not communist also , comrade . 
  you could be the proletariat 's spear into europe if you get russia to help eat through the poles quickly enough though !, 
  ( please bear in mind hoi context , i do not actually advocate this ), 
  to be fair i said * like * france . 
  as in , you need to be in that special benelux club like france to do things like this . 
  propping up strasbourg with a monthly trip back and forth at everyone 's expense while saying `` but its in the treaties '' is just one example . 
  you can look at the ecb being required to hq in frankfurt and nowhere else , or that judicial functions are required to base in luxembourg for other examples of how to effectively lock / concentrate institutions into a country , with that country having final say ( by way of veto , as these things are in treaties ) on whether or not they can relocate or stop existing even if it becomes redundant , not that they are yet . 
  i understand your point of view though . 
  regular comfy train rides through the countryside actually sound rather relaxing . 
  only countries like france get to single-handedly dictate where fancy eu buildings are built and eu organisations sit . 
  this could just as easily move to strasbourg or simply back to brussels unless the big boys in the eu throw one of the wee ones a bone out of pity . 
  shh , do n't let everyone else know you 're kinda getting two tries sneaking in with us . 
  think of it as wales ' small gift back to the english . 
  well at least one the home nations did :d, 
  fml he looks like their coach . 
  surely someone asked questions :(, 
  alleged age . 
  i recall austria for example having problems with near half of ` children ' being full-grown adults , because they are children unless medically proven to be adults there . 
  so obviously adult men with full-grown grey beards would claim to be children , as it forces the authorities to allow their family to join them and provide more stuff until the test result comes back . 
  tsk , not to toot the welsh horn or anything but our union is 150 years older than the union with scotland and far more than the time ni has even had a voice to potentially use to help out anyone on anyone . 
  we 've legally been part of england for about [ five centuries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_in_wales_acts_1535_and_1542 ) as is . 
  i know some people in england like to talk about slow integration , but how long are england meant to take to absorb us ? 
  short of henry viii reborn looking to do it again , i doubt it . 
  we 've got the better football team at the moment anyway , and i 'm honour bound to inform you that welsh rugby can never be silenced . 
  well if we 're going all the way for a changing the name of a whole country , we 'll have to come up with better than country mccountryface though . 
  thanks for having me :p my inbox is otherwise quite awkward . 
  people seem to have jumped on this as me quoting barnett reform as my reason to have voted leave , rather than an observation of a likely consequence of voting leave and intending to replicate eu funding - though i have long thought the barnett formula needs to be changed to have a needs based element to help the poorest regions instead of focusing on arbitrary population lines between the home nations . 
  thanks for proving one of my points . 
  i 've lived in the affected area my entire life , a family that 's been in wales for centuries as far as we 've ever been able to find out , with family currently also spread around the uk and a few in continental europe . 
  i 'm by no means a qualified historian but do enjoy a good read or documentary from time to time . 
  uh , okay ? 
  i use the words needed to explain myself , not to ` sound smarter ' . 
  i 'm not sure how else to defend the wording . 
  its nice to meet people whom tell me about their grammatical preferences though . 
  yes , but its easy to forgive as the money / net contribution argument is more complex than that and interconnected with just about every other part of the eu question and people have a hard time separating them out . 
  in the round though , the reason that leave 's noise about eu funding helped was that although everyone ran around shitting on the # 350m a week claim as false , scant few would ever follow up with the logical `` its actually more like # 175m a week net so how does that sit with you ? '', 
  discussion of it - let alone the far more important fact that the vote was n't just about who 's giving who money or who is getting how much cash out of everything . 
  in practical terms its obvious that the government will roadmap what happens and seek to either replicate the existing funding structures ( in principal if not exact ) or take a measured transition to a new model with time to allow people and businesses to adjust . 
  not panicked , gon na see how it shakes out . 
  in a rare moment for any welsh person - i suspect this particular tory might not be too terrible as a prime minister , given her one nation conservatism leanings which many had thought extinct among the tories and historically tends to work out well for the everyman . 
  edit : i should note that she 's not exactly facing stiff competition for looking competent though - she could 've shat in her hands and clapped outside no 10 and still looked better than any of the other party leaders at the moment :p, 
  it is , and i do feel as much sorry for those less fortunate parts of england who if anything have issues worse than the poorest parts of wales in some cases too . 
  i imagine the lack of sympathy for the snp 's duplicitous position on public spending extends there as well . 
  true . 
  the message is that making them into these chips is only even * conceivable * if the eu were to do it first for some inexplicable reason . 
  not something anyone wants to do but would surely come up if the problem itself did . 
  but i 'm sure plenty will skip straight to hysterics about some sort of upcoming purges and the guardian will stoke fear about it . 
  i would say it is inevitable either way . 
  the barnett formula is based on central funding from the uk government who are likely about to attempt to replicate many aspects of eu funding in some way and all of that funding from the government will raise questions as to whether or not its even possible to do within the confines of the formula anyway . 
  i 've little sympathy for the scottish position on it if they ca n't deal with the idea of a fair share - their past refusal to engage with fairer funding because it 'll lead to cuts in scotland has always rubbed many the wrong way . 
  the snp like to ignore that ( while the targetting of where cuts fell was shite ) the ** amount ** of funding changes that have come from austerity are required by the same organisation they are stoking people to rejoin independently as scotland under the eu 's fiscal compact on spending . 
  this has in turn for made many like me to see them as just taking the piss and exploiting english reluctance to deal with another referendum to spend on populist policies that increase support for , but would be totally impractical if they actually got their independence . 
  welsh leave voter clocking in - i ca n't speak for every welshman but i will say that while i appreciate the hysterics on our behalf most friends , family and people i know are relatively cool on the matter as the loss of eu funding ( ignoring the much-flogged net contribution argument ) is of secondary importance to the potential barnett formula reform that should now be far more likely to actually happen . 
  wales will get its fair share is what the welsh secretary said . 
  unsurprisingly , that 's something few disagree with . 
  i for one will save the arm flailing for if its needed when we find out what that means in practice in the wider scope of welsh funding rather than just this one aspect . 
  the formula is open to change and is broadly accepted to require change as it was never meant to be permanent . 
  i 'm welsh myself and wales would likely benefit hugely from any major changes as we 're accepted to contain some of the poorest parts of the country that would benefit from extra support . 
  the main difficulty is as always trying to come up with something better than can also be agreed upon and put into effect without pissing everyone off . 
  the main stumbling block in all the years i 've watched ideas about barnett go back and forth the past while is that its politically impossible to get the snp to agree to receive fairer - which they will accurately but impetuously describe only as lower - funding .
