`` so these mexicans , when they go to r/europe , they 're sending their best , alright ? 
  look , i mean we are the best - my sons , they show me reddit and i think that they 're really good at that . 
  that 's why they 're my sons . 
  and then there 's these redditors , these nasty guys , who say that i 'll take any bait . 
  well let me tell you folks , i really do n't deserve that . 
  so that 's what i 'm going to do about cyber . '', 
  i agree . 
  a pragmatic approach is best . 
  a good start would be some smaller units that can respond quickly to minor threats ( like the nato rapid response units ) , and with time expand it in whatever way is necessary . 
   i cant see french troops happy to take direction from german commanders and vice versa so i imagine a breakdown in the chain of command . 
  this is n't the napoleonic or prussian age anymore . 
  multinational operations and exercises happen all the time . 
  nato forces have drills together . 
  troops from various militaries go on un peacekeeping operations all over the world . 
  isaf in afghanistan is an effective military collaboration of various countries . 
  i agree with the problem of ( lacking ) military spending , but i think countries can be driven to change their policies by putting the responsibility for european security in european hands , instead of in the hands of a president on the other side of the atlantic . 
  if that orange buffoon 's presidency becomes a reality , which i hope it wo n't , then this whole question becomes even more urgent , so we 'd all better get used to thinking about it . 
  the best haircuts , too !, 
  thanks for the explanation ( chuckled at `` took our bikes '' , heh ) . 
  seriously though , what 's going on with the specifically anti-german resentment displayed by some brits ? 
  is that something specific to reddit ( i guess it 's not ) ? 
  is it something that pops out outside of the soured brexit debate ? 
  i 've read these `` germany trying to conquer europe for the third time in a century , hurrdurr '' lines a few times too many for it to be coincidence . 
  just curious here . 
   experts ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b, 
  that 's not necessary , not right and not worth it . 
  i hope the uk feels the same way about it . 
  he will challenge farage to a duel . 
  thanks , til . 
  not going to fit any of those big ones into my apartment , 
  woah , that romanian sheepdog is one you could ride into battle . 
  are they all that big ? 
  they ca n't live like a normal pet in an urban environment , i think . 
  i saw a graph in the newspaper showing the seats in the city council of the hague - not sure if that was before or after the last election , but it showed the pvv being the third-largest party , with about a dozen former pvv council members scattered all over . 
  if they had stuck together they would have been the biggest party on that council , but because of all their infighting / desertion they had only about half their number left after some time . 
  as an opponent of their politics , i 'm not too acutely worried as long as they keep putting dysfunctional people on their lists . 
  whatever drives their popularity must be addressed by the other parties though . 
  i 'm not british or from the uk , but i 've been there a bunch of times , plus i have some family that lives there . 
  my impression is that it 's culture , specifically a greater tolerance for the existence of class differences . 
  the existence of the british royalty and nobility illustrate that somewhat . 
  we have such things in the netherlands as well , but in the uk , particularly england , it seems to be a much bigger deal . 
  it 's the same with universities . 
  dutch universities are good , but none have the same level of prestige as oxford and cambridge . 
  on the other hand , they 're much more affordable to enroll in . 
  those are just some examples , but many thinkers have pointed out the differences between two general socio-economic models , the rhineland model on the one hand ( exemplified by most western european nations ) and the anglo-saxon model on the other ( exemplified primarily by the us and uk ) . 
  both models are underpinned by different views of the individual and the state and the relations and responsibilities they have towards each other . 
   the us doesnt want a second power that is independant and potentially has different interests than it . 
  well that 's too bad , because the eu needs to look out for itself as well . 
  threats to the stability and legitimacy of the nato mandate is n't coming from this side of the atlantic only . 
  if that orange real estate marauder gets his way from november onwards , then we 're going to see a big reconfiguration of nato . 
  and if he 's not elected , then an even worse mk-2 version of him might pop up in 2020 . 
  i would much rather build a unified european defence * before * we get caught with our pants down by a sudden isolationist shift in american foreign policy . 
   voytek in english , was a syrian brown bear found in iran and adopted by soldiers of the 22nd artillery supply company of the polish ii corps . 
  he was later officially enlisted as a soldier of the company with the rank of private , and subsequently became a corporal . 
  that 's a pretty amazing story actually . 
  that bear has had a higher military rank than i ever will !, 
  thx for the tips, 
  i remember seeing some footage a while ago of those peace talks between ukraine and russia that took place in belarus ( iirc ) . 
  cameron was n't there , he was home campaigning for something or whatever , hollande was awkwardly looking around with a `` i really do n't want to be here '' look on his face , poroshenko and putin were being cold as ice to one another ( understandably ) - merkel was the one in charge there . 
  it was a video of maybe 15 seconds , but it 's things like that that get me thinking about how the world works . 
  if someone ever writes a thorough biography of merkel then i 'm going to read the crap out of it . 
  she 's made some big errors in judgement , primarily when it comes to the refugee crisis and greece 's debt situation , but she has also stepped up to get things done when no other european power would . 
  hmm , i watched it and it never struck me as saying that antisemitism was more normal in poland than elsewhere in europe at the time . 
  consider this : - the jewish guy teamed up with a polish woman in order to escape - there were antisemites in the resistance crew , but the leader eventually covered the jew 's escape ( it 's a while ago and i forgot all the characters ' names , sorry for the awkward phrasing  ) - the polish farmer goes off to tell the german authorities about the refugees ' whereabouts , but his son warns the two in advance so they can escape . 
  i do n't know as much about the history of the war in poland as i do about my own country ( the netherlands ) at the time , but i thought this variety of responses / actions was depicted quite believably . 
  in the netherlands there were also resistance fighters , people who sheltered jews and fugitives , but also people who betrayed them ( sometimes for money ) and people who actively sought out people they could hand over to the germans . 
  in fact , quite a few policemen and civil servants actively collaborated with the occupying forces , which is why a huge percentage of jews in the netherlands did n't survive the war . 
  but most people probably were n't on either end of the scale and just tried to keep themselves and the people close to them safe . 
  what i 'm saying is that the portrayal of antisemitism as an everyday occurrence during wwii is n't the same as saying that a whole country or people are `` core antisemites '' - and i do n't think that anyone with a tiny bit of historical awareness would interpret the miniseries that way . 
  i myself do n't speak or understand polish so i honestly did n't notice that the resistance fighters were n't actual polish actors - but i get that would have really enhanced the production value . 
   stories about some retarded bears serving in the army ... wat ? 
  [ the media overlords do n't want you to see this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_pe4mbcvqc ), 
  having to rely on huge us military presence , which gives us a shitty bargaining position when it comes to curtailing american aggression in the middle east , is definitely the sovereign way to go indeed . 
  in the netherlands people like to rave and rant about `` the hague '' , but i think that 's mostly venting because trust in government / institutions generally been pretty high and stable here . 
  you are right though , the politicians in the hague are eager to deflect any blame towards `` brussels '' . 
  our pm ( who is close friends with cameron ) is playing a dangerous game , because brexit ( and his buddy 's political fate ) shows you can only do that for so long until that meme gets out of control . 
  please , put your shirt back on america . 
  that makes sense . 
  what 's so special about the crim that it would be the difference between being a local or global power ? 
  i guess it does n't really matter much in their dealings with china or other asian countries , or the me for that matter . 
  to me it seems that possessing the crim is mostly a symbolic thing in europe . 
  anarchy in the uk !, 
  indeed !, 
  netherlands is number 10 on the list and we are one of the founding nations :( and the other founders are even lower . 
  although luxembourg might be cheating as jean-claude juncker personally accounts for at least 5 points of knowledge . 
  ok i misread somewhere , guess we 're on the same page . 
  a vengeful approach to the situation in order to make it as hard as possible on the uk is ethically wrong and uncalled for . 
  the economic disaster seems to be well underway already and many promises have already been abandoned . 
  doing unnecessary harm only makes the eu look like a mafia clan that will punish escaping countries - exactly the narrative that ( ultra ) nationalists are peddling . 
  and honestly , discontent is real across the continent and we need to work on an eu that member states do not * want * to walk away from in the first place . 
  there is little legitimacy if the union needs to be held together by making an example of an entire country ( of which almost half did * not * vote to leave ) . 
  bojo is saying what he wants to get , not what he will get . 
  it 's highly unlikely that he will get his way but he does n't seem to have a clue what his chances are . 
  and yeah , nigel is n't helping either . 
  the severe uncertainty is already there . 
  article 50 might make it worse , but that 's what the uk voted for . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault that the leaders in the brexit campaign thought that winning the referendum was all there is to it . 
  if the leave campaign had any pretence of being serious they would have been ready to start negotiating asap . 
  farage was screaming breaking point into everyone 's face for weeks , but now that he has his victory he is n't in a rush anymore , but that 's not how it works . 
  meanwhile there are about 500 million other eu citizens who would really like to know what is going to happen next and how that is going to affect their lives .
