also , our often-criticized president made a strong and independent justice system a huge priority . 
  strong personality plus wide popular support made it possible for him to set the tone in his party , and in the first few years the center-right coalition managed to make some good progress , and over time they managed disconnect justice from politics and create some strong institutions . 
  it was n't a friction-free process though . 
  predictably , a lot of politicians had a problem with that , which eventually led to the coalition breaking , accusations of authoritarian tendencies and two unsuccessful impeachment votes . 
  now , the old , communist-origin party is back in power , but despite their best efforts , they 're having trouble trying to revert the changes . 
  for a lot of them , the chickens are finally coming home to roost . 
  it 's pretty damn close to impossible to tell `` romanians '' from `` roma '' based on physical traits . 
  while the general trend is for roma to be darker skinned , it 's not really uncommon to have blond gypsies and darker skinned romanians . 
  it 's mostly a cultural and / or enviroment difference , but romanians ( both in real life , and on reddit ) use the term gypsy to attempt to separate themselves from any individuals / behaviours they dislike . 
  tl ; dr : act `` wrong '' , you 're a gypsy , act `` right '' , you 're romanian . 
  most of those arrested were part of the governing coalition . 
  let 's see , a social-democrat ( the party widely seen as the spiritual successor of the communist party ) meeting russian diplomats in the build-up to the presidential elections . 
  that 's pretty much on par with the whole psd rally in timisoara on dec. 1st , waving the red party flags and somehow expecting people to be ok with that , on the national day , in the city where the anti-communist revolution started . 
  more than anything , that 's fucking dumb and politically incompetent . 
  plus , as far as i can remember , there was no clear reason for geoana to hang out with russian diplomats . 
  it was a private meeting in moscow , not a state affair of any kind . 
  if , as a country , do n't really like russia , the history we had with it , and prefer aligning politically with the west , you prolly do n't want a president that likes chilling with his moscow friends . 
  maybe a lot of europe 's hate for russia stems from the fact that the soviet union was on the other side of the cold war ( for western countries ) , or the fact that russian-backed communism ( and good luck arguing it was n't russian influence that spread communism in post-ww2 eastern europe ) left a lot of countries as destitute ruins . 
  because western-aligned countries do n't have presidents that change constitutions so they can have a 3rd term , because they do n't lock up people protesting for gay rights , because the press is free and the political opposition is n't intimidated into silence . 
  because the government spying on you in the west causes an outrage , rather than being a normal part of life . 
  have you paid any attention to the british riots a couple years ago ? 
  not only did they have molotovs , they burned down entire buildings , and a bunch of cities were in chaos for days . 
  yet nobody shot civilians , because you do n't do that in a civilized country . 
  i was in croydon a few weeks after the riots , and parts of it looked pretty much devastated . 
  now there were rumors of protesters having ( and using ) firearms , which would justify armed self-defense , but i find it hard to think of any scenario where using snipers on medics is acceptable . 
  inhumane my ass . 
  romania ( and a lot of other countries ) needed to get their spending in check . 
  sure , it sucked for state employees , but a few years later , romania is back on track for one of the highest economic growth rates in the eu and quite low unemployment . 
  same for the uk , another country that had a centre-right government during the crisis , and resorted to serious public sector cuts during the crisis : it took a while , but they 're finally reaping the results : decent growth rate and ( relatively ) low unemployment . 
  implying that austerity is all bad is idiotic . 
  unlikely , he currently lives in spain , and he has a different reddit account, 
  that 's because you 're scottish and y' all are whiter than milk . 
  a friend of mine from aberdeen was complaining about heat at like 15 degrees or something . 
  also , it 's cozonac . 
  also , scotland is awesome . 
  to a lot of people this feels more like the beginning of a revolution rather than a civil war , and for a lot of eastern european countries , revolutions were the way they got rid of communism , which * did * improve their situation, 
  because integrated roma are basically indistinguishable from the population they integrated in , so you do n't notice them . 
  both `` romanies '' and `` romanis '' are correct . 
  gypsy is an exonym with lots of negative connotations . 
  the double r spelling is mostly used in romania , because much like you , a lot of people are concerned about the similarity of the words . 
  and if you 've never heard them use the word `` rom '' , then you have n't been paying attention when they speak their own language , that shit just means `` man '' . 
  source : i too am romanian , and therefore know have my fair share of experience with gypsies . 
  and yes , they do also refer to themselves as `` tigani '' all the time . 
  point being ? 
  would you call a black guy `` nigga '' just because rappers do it ? 
  also the whole `` hey gypsies and romanians are two totally different things and do n't have anything in common and there 's never any connection between the two '' is hypocritical as fuck , as there 's been tons of mutual cultural influence - go no further than the popularity of manele music , the presence of romani-language derived words in romanian language etc. 
  i hate how tons of my peers do n't even bother to hide their racism anymore , while accusing other romanians of being ignorant uncultured masses . 
  some people . 
  but then you get gooey grease-water !, 
  as a ~ ~ response ~ ~ romanian living in the uk , this makes me mad every fucking time . 
  why , britain , whyyyyyyyy edit : wtf how did `` response '' get there . 
  i blame you swiftkey, 
  rule of law ? 
  romania was in chaos . 
  everyone was playing it by the ear . 
  it was a bloody revolution with a fittingly violent conclusion . 
  it was the moment where you could pretty much say `` well , this is done and over with . 
  now we can start over '' . 
  shit fuck no . 
  me ( and a lot of people i know ) are quite happy he was dealt with the way he was . 
  there 's enough retarded old people regretting him that he might 've been able to make a return to politics at some point if he was n't removed from politics in such a. . . final way . 
  from north west romania it 's just borderline shorter to get to our coast than to the croatian one , especially if you account for the shit roads in romania compared to hungary and croatia . 
  how the fuck . 
  you can get unlimited data for 15 quid/month from 3 or 3gb data for 20 quid / month from orange . 
  on pay as you go for both . 
  running from a dog triggers its chase instinct . 
  never a good idea . 
  this is the kind of shit that makes me ashamed of being romanian . 
  and i 'd really love a regional breakdown of the data , i think there 's a lot less communist nostalgia in the north / western parts of romania . 
  i think the absence of immigrants in a lot of the eastern european countries comes down to the relatively short timespan since the fall of communism - it was really hard for people to move into or out of communist countries . 
  on top of that , once communism fell , these countries were generally dirt poor , and consequently of little interest to immigrants . 
  i really think cultural factors are a lot less of a factor . 
  i 'm romanian , living in a city right next to the hungarian border . 
  the way the two peoples relate to foreigners is extremely different , and can in no way be grouped in a single `` eastern european '' group . 
  romanians tend to be almost fascinated by foreigners and are generally quite keen on interacting with different cultures . 
  for hungarians , the attitude is oftentimes opposite - they have an extremely strong feeling of national identity and pride , to the point where some of my romanian-born hungarian friends felt discriminated against in hungary for not being `` pure '' enough , for having an odd accent etc. 
  while in hungary the country is led by a right-wing party , in romania the only hardline right-wing party pretty much dissolved into nothingness over the years , as the political scene matured . 
  there 's a lot less need for austerity when you do n't have crippling debt and runaway deficit spending in the first place . 
  it most definitely can use the legal `` high ground '' , as adhering to european law is a prerequisite to joining the eu , which hungary did voluntarily . 
  morals are utterly subjective and have no purpose in this discussion . 
  i do n't find that accurate at all . 
  it might be common in young people who do n't have time to cook their own food . 
  but in family settings , romania is still a country where , more often than not , home-made meals are standard . 
  also , farmer 's markets are still very much alive and kicking in romania , which makes a lot of high quality produce available to everybody . 
  and palestine is a goddamn symbol of peace and non-volence . 
  upvoted for truth, 
  while there are problems intergrating some of the roma people , i think romania is one of the least racist countries in the world , and certainly a lot less so than the few countries in western europe that i 've managed to visit . 
  as far as the roma issue goes - people hate begging , theft and disregard for authority ; there 's tons of roma people who integrate well in society ( that you never hear about on the news , because they 're simply a part of society and nobody thinks twice about it ) , there are plenty of mixed families , and nobody cares , really , about your skin colour or descent . 
  it 's perfectly possible to be a romanian '' \u021bigan '' or to be roma and not considered a '' \u021bigan '' . 
  it 's all a matter of behaviour and refusal to abide to basic social interaction standards . 
  now , you might raise the issue that certain aspects of roma traveller culture need to be protected and cherished , and it 's true !, 
  there 's lots of very unique gypsy music , craftsmanship , there 's the romani language , there 's their very way of being and their inherent joie de vivre - all things which are celebrated more in romania than probably anywhere else in the world , and much of it has become , to some extent , a part of the romanian culture itself . 
  also , most of the western complaints about gypsies ' status in romania seem to go along the lines `` hey romania take better care of your gypsies because we do n't want them here '' . 
  we 've got more of them than anyone else in europe yet you do n't see anyone trying to set their homes on fire like they do in france , italy or hungary . 
  i really do n't think there 's much sexism going on in romania beyond 1 . very old people / uneducated people in rural areas 2 . idiots that every country has 3 . 
  `` lol go back to the kitchen '' jokes homophobia ... now that 's still happening in romania , and that 's not ok . 
  it 's slowly changing though . 
  bonus : kinda-gypsy music !, 
  [ aaaaaand it 's gone ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dt7bx-b1mg ), 
  thing is , unlike capitalism , communism has no examples of it being successful at national scale .
