in all polls for french presidential elections , le pen never comes over 35 % . 
  and she needs 50 . 
  so very , very unlikely . 
  much more so that brexit . 
  but in 5 , 10 years maybe ? 
  who knows, 
  ca va jazzer sur / r/france, 
  le pen = straight up suicidal policies . 
  fillon = establishment , has been a minister of government during at least 15 years , 5 of which he was prime minister under sarkozy . 
  indeed sir , you are right . 
  that statement i made about european wars being bloodier comes from an article that i read a while ago and that i can not seem to find anymore  my bad, 
  for anyone who is interested , here is the situation 2 days from the first round of the primiaries : jupp\u00e9 is still leading the polls and is nearly assured to be there during the 2nd round . 
  he recently went down in the polls , with many of his supporters opting for fillon , but he is still in a comfortable leading position . 
  sarkozy , jupp\u00e9 's greatest contender has very recently been caught up in the polls by fillon , who is greatly appreciated for his honesty and his bold ideas . 
  sarkozy has a strong core of supporters within the right ( `` i was president i have experience and not only do i have charisma , i have energy '' is his motto ) but is widely unappreciated within french society ( cf bygmalion , takkiedine and bettencourt scandals ) . 
  either way , jupp\u00e9 vs sarkozy at the 2nd round has been largely predicted since the beginning of the campaign . 
  it is now being challenged with the `` fillon instead of sarkozy '' scenario but it is quite unlikely . 
  tl ; dr jupp\u00e9 will win almost certainly and is very likely to become france 's next president . 
  we have known this for the past 6 months now and the situation has changed very little . 
  but china has 3x the population of all of europe combined . 
  it 's a matter of proportion . 
  wars in europe have been statistically bloodier than wars elsewhere in the world . 
  in terms of occurence of war , it 's similar to other regions . 
  because spain and portugal are southern . 
  france is actually a bit unique in the sense that it is both western and southern . 
  french power and specifically paris is historically western yet the country is culturally latin aka southern . 
  population is very relevant indeed . 
  for example , france growing at 2.4 % per quarter means an actual 2 % growth per capita . 
  in italy it would be 2.6 , and in germany 1.2 ( these past years are disturbing past data trend bc of immigrant influx ) . 
  yes of course . 
  gdp growth always includes inflation , otherwise it wouldnt make sense/it wouldnt be any use by itself . 
  it really has to do with the evolution of a certain country 's `` real '' economic production output . 
  the company running it is losing moneyz and is facing bankruptcy . 
  this . 
  french government 's stance has nothing to do with the buyer being italian , chinese or american . 
  this article is not wrong when it basically says that macron will actually increase neocon right wing parties support and that he is very much like tony blair . 
  except it is too early to say that he will mess everything up . 
  he has decent momentum , france and germany within eu have strong international weight , and france is not strictly similar to the us or the uk . 
  he may be able to reform labor laws , but social welfare ( notably health and education ) is still sacralized . 
  frankly i wouldnt be too worried about 2022 . 
  inequality in france is still far from what it is in the us and the uk , and it is unlikely to change radically in 5 years . 
  macron is not `` ultra `` liberal like reagan or thatcher were . 
   dont assume you 're the only one who can rattle of some history . 
  of course not . 
  but catch phrases are sweet arent they   yes he took aid from the ussr and china but that was simply a means to an end how were americans supposed to know that and be comfortable with such a situation ? 
   all this shows that the us completely misunderstood the situation in south east asia and while no one can predict the future i think there was enough signs and enough historical precedent to show that all these actors had no intent or means to roll communism westward until it hit india yes undeniably but us policy makers didnt want to take that risk , which is quite reasonable in my opinion . 
  the us unified global markets and capitalism much better than the ussr or china unified communist countries and their ressource markets , no doubt about it . 
  i think the us was more worried about the ideology spreading than about a large and unified commie bloc forming . 
  but moreover , if you think of the context in the 50s with the korean war and the eastern europe warsaw pact situation , paranoia was not unfounded . 
  in retrospect its containment strategy worked quite well in southern america and africa . 
  mes apologies !, 
  effectivement , nous , on en avait plus rien \u00e0 battre . 
  on pesait plus dans le game ... 
  obviously . 
  yet communist ussr and china backed vietnam . 
  the vietkong were supplied by ussr and china with weapons and war material . 
  i really think it made sense at the time considering the situation in europe and the divergent ideologies which capitalism and communism represented everywhere around the globe . 
  i think it made sense for the us to intervene , just like it intervened in korea or indirectly in many ( many ) african or southern american countries during the rest of the cold war . 
  having such a heavy grasp on international relations comes at a price  pew pew ` murica let 'em know who 's boss, 
  i dont really agree . 
  the us came out of ww2 in such an advantageous position that it no choice but to be paranoid about any country and/or ideology that could contest its power . 
  imperialism is ferocious  edit : even though i agree it was a mistake in retrospect because the us lost . 
  but then again it 's easy to say that 60 years later , 
  then why would you say `` we had no business being there '' ? 
  ever heard of domino effect and containment strategy ? 
  i guess it 's a matter of culture and personal experience . 
  i logically cant say you 're wrong . 
  but it also depends on the size of the park ... 
  if you 're in a small playground , then stoners are identifiable and somehow bugging people 's moments . 
  however , in a large enough public park/wood/green space it shouldnt bug you so much that it would actually ruin your park moment . 
  if the feeling you 're getting is `` how sad , 16 year olds spending their saturday afternoon doing drugs '' then it 's as irrelevant as thinking `` how sad , an obese man at mcdonald 's '' . 
  judge as much as you want - and rightly so , but let people ruin their lives if they want to . 
  cant believe i 'm reading this . 
  `` none of our business '' lol please check american involvement in indochina 1945-1954 . 
  no no no . 
  the us financed the french heavily  why would the us back commies ? 
  france was broke !, 
  http://alphahistory.com/vietnamwar/us-involvement-in-vietnam/ edit : 80 % might be extrapolating the actual figures ( about 50 % at the end of the war depending on the source ) . 
  yet france 's money came from the marshall plan , so indirectly from the us , 
  nope . 
  indochina independance war was 80 % financed by us . 
  americans took the lead in the pacific right after ww2 . 
  us waited till the 60s to send actual troops though . 
  well thing is that for you , the park is for playing ball with children and reading . 
  yet some people are there for playing the guitar and smoke joints and dont like having footballers around . 
  i 'm not trying to advocate smoking obviously . 
  but if you put things into perspective , some people enjoy that and arent bugging you , and it should stop there . 
  the fact that you describe stoners are `` greasy '' would be like a stoner qualifying footballers as `` jocky '' . 
  it 's too subjective and somehow disqualifies your proposal . 
  and no cigarettes either ? 
  what about bubble blowers and playing with a ball ? 
  i 'm just trying to put things into perspective . 
  if the person does n't bug you , what 's the problem ? 
  even a ball can hit you in the face in the park while you 're reading or sunbathing . 
  i understand it is definitely not ok to hit the bong in front of kids ( no one could argue otherwise ) yet discretely passing a joint between 4 friends in a public park is one of the most irrelevant thing that can happen to people around them . 
  a kid would never understand what 's happening anyways and the stoners would never bug the kid in his park moment . 
  the park is everyone 's , and if the person is not directly impacting your park activities , i really dont see the issue . 
  it 's not like stoners are putting needles in their veins and blasting techno music in the park . 
  seriously ? 
  id rather have a group of people smoking than drinking in a park to be honest - they 'll hardly ever bug or confront you .
