  the sectarianism is in ni , roi has very little violence and gets along fine with the uk, 
  how has it ? 
  we have much more serious things to worry about eg the economy and the number of catholics is rising so why do it now if it will fail, 
  so ireland which has a completly different legislative system , different currency p , different customs , different language in some places , different places and different governments are english . 
  nice to know your intelligence level, 
  please tell me how ireland 's a mess ? 
  economically ? 
  it 's very little to do with the actual currency , housing market crashed and our government were retards, 
  i 'm all for the schengen but i do n't see why we should man the ni border , they 're all entitled to be irish citizens . 
  no , i understand his name i just want to see his reasoning, 
  how do you know ? 
  they 're a majority in ni , they have nothing to complain about ,, 
  the uk helped ireland because it effects the uk more i.e northern ireland and we 're major trading partners with one another, 
  hopefully if scotland gets independece it will undermine the loyalists in ni, 
  we 'll give you douze points for ni ? 
  ireland : scotland and wales . 
  england 's the guy who fucked your wife but still goes to family events, 
  spain said they would n't unofficially iirc, 
  or a retard who got out, 
  no , you tell me . 
  now care to tell me where you 're from ? 
  also i 've looked at your post history , hope you never recover from depression , self help does n't work , 
  how are we scum ? 
  where are you from you bigot ? 
  you clearly wo n't tell me because you wo n't let me critique you or wherever you 're from ? 
  it 's not independent ireland you retard , it 's \u00c9ire or republic of ireland . 
  so paedophila is unique to ireland tell that the jerry sandusky . 
  also the vatican iirc is not located within the borders of ireland . 
  ireland has taken a hard line approach against the church eg closing the vatican embassy , arrests etc etc, 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm not a cigarette , what are you some american who does n't know jack shit about history ? 
  you 're just a dumb keyboard warrior . 
  also the celtic cross does n't just apply to ireland , all of the other celtic nations i.e scotland and wales, 
  what did i say which was wrong ? 
  also i 'm white . 
  25 % is n't a majority mate , i do n't know where you learnt maths , america maybe ? 
  also i 'm white, 
  you can critique my country yet you do n't let me argue back . 
  also 1916 was after the famine , i do n't think it makes an impact on the past . 
  so you support assad , i 'm assuming ? 
  which one ? 
  and you never answered my question , where are you from ? 
  how ? 
  you clearly do n't have a grasp on the reasons why the irish starved . 
  we didnt just grow potatoes , cattle , wheat basically all other food was exported back to britain and was sold cheaply . 
  the british prevented foreign aid getting to ireland and made the irish work for whatever little they would give them . 
  also the penal laws didnt help , they made the irish poorer and poorer . 
  where are you from ? 
  making a joke when 25 % of our population died or immigrated isnt really funny, 
  trinity ? 
  again it 's not cannabis it 's medicine made from it, 
  is n't a decision on the legislation of case x meant to be finalised early next year ? 
  i think ireland 's youth unemployment rate is closer to 20 % , i got that from the live register ( the number of people on welfare and job seekers benefit under the age of 25 ), 
  i ca n't think of word we use down here ( roi ) . 
  i just call them skangers, 
  well an element which calls itself the ira but is really made up of small paramilitaries still exists , it 's more like a gang with a nationalistic front . 
  the reason why the main older ira abandoned the armed struggled was because of the peace process and they could n't succeed ? 
  the ira does n't exist anymore, 
  it 's in the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  it was associated with the ira and dissident republicans . 
  now only a few of its members have ties to such organisations or supposedly they do . 
  that 's whats holding it back to becoming more popular due to its history . 
  most of ireland 's parties now came from violence , sinn fein was just associated with it more recently, 
  you should n't say catholic = nationalist and protestant = unionist/loyalist . 
  some very noteworthy protestants were nationalists eg wolfe tone, 
  in fairness that 's what they say , a lot would go to mass maybe 1-10 times a year , more of a seasonal christian, 
  some guns are legal , just harder to get . 
  that 's why we have a very low crime rate !, 
  yes the uk control ni but as long as the people of ni want to stay in the uk i will never be in favour of violence being used to get it back , imo a united ireland will happen but it wo n't happen until our economy ( roi ) is fixed and a ` catholic ' majority in ni . 
  violence just further separates and divides the communities of ni . 
  yes there is peaceful movements but i do n't know their names , sorry . 
  there are protests outside for the woman and for the right to have an abortion outside the d\u00e1il ( irish parliament ) and the irish embassy in london . 
  there are pics on twitter with the #savita and #dail and #d\u00e1il, 
  i thought the private clinic besides other things gave abortions for any reason ? 
  it better , the oap better not fuck it up, 
  catholic vs proteestant is just on the surface , its really loyalists vs nationalists, 
  we are actually voting on gay rights soon , within the next 18 months , now they have some rights with the civil union . 
  it 's because of the overtones left by the catholic church, 
  what about ni . 
  i think full gay rights will be here soon as we will be voting quite soon on it, 
  what about the hundreds or thousands the british killed innocently ? 
  ireland does n't have a * deputy prime minister * , we have a tanaiste, 
  why do you think that , seriously ? 
  loyalists are generally seen as the extremer version of unionists . 
  i do n't hate unionists but from the news and the ones i 've met i dislike there ideology and attitude towards the republic and nationalists/republicans . 
  but i have the same feelings towards dissident republicans . 
  i really hope they get atleast this . 
  i 'm also proud that ours gov ( ireland ) will hopefully do the right thing and vote yes, 
  i was just saying there social class , i 'm not trying to put them down etc.mi know similar people who are hard working and i know scumbags who would leech of the government for the rest of there life if they could, 
  most probably have asbos , young , dumb and living off mum ( or the government ) they live in council estates which are typically the working class, 
  skyrim anyone ? 
  are you pro or anti a federal europe ? 
  in irish its called samhain . 
  i think it started here . 
  who said kids ? 
  there are vids of anons etc in the countries handing out manuals to help with injuries and giving out care packages . 
  it 's all kinds of people . 
  oh and what 's wrong with ` kids ' helping people ? 
  the people who helped were on the ground not through the web, 
  please tell me you 're joking ?
