  ireland has a near 1 % islamic population . 
  it 's not 99 % catholic . 
  source ? 
  why ? 
  they probably will die down . 
  i dunno about the flag . 
  i hope it stays the way it is now, 
  what do you mean ? 
  the council iirc is made up of a majority which are nationalists . 
  over 100 petrol bombs thrown in the last few days ,, 
  they have their own government . 
  it just they ( loyalists ) want a democracy but without the nationalists . 
  the main reasons are the backlash from the loyalists and roi 's and ni 's economies . 
  the rest of the uk sinks so much money into ni that roi definetly could not do now . 
  if they threw over 100 petrol bombs and start riots over a democratic decision to move the flag flying days in line with the rest of the uk imagine if they became a minority . 
  also roi would have to vote on it . 
  no the lad willie frazzer went on today fm and said t was n't called off, 
  for a second time . 
  wtf is going on ? 
  the psni are now saying that the uvf and various other loyalist/unionist paramilitaries are behind these recent protests , they 're most likely doing it to gain support and push their own agenda . 
  i wonder how the dublin loyalist protest will go ? 
  the imf and world bank, 
  well so can some others with nukes, 
  that 's not very far fetched considering we already have a larger economy ( the largest on earth ) and if we were more unified the usa would n't be the only superpower around . 
  ireland is fully in the eu and has n't signed it due to the uk . 
  ireland was in the uk for 150 years . 
  by brits do you mean english ? 
  i 'd say we 're closer to scotland or wales before england, 
  i know ni is n't the way some people think , car bombs and riots . 
  it 's extremely nice as long as you are n't going through the ` bad ' areas ,, 
  i think its when they head to dublin . 
  they should fly the eu flag when they 're there for the craic . 
  i know its sounds harsh but i do n't give a fuck if they people who started all of this shit get beat up . 
  i 'm assuming you 're from ni ? 
  how is it ? 
  yeah i am from the republic . 
  honestly , i do n't want to see riots and violence in dublin ( or ni ) but why are they coming down here to tell us to change things ? 
  also , most logical people wo n't judge norn iron for the idiots who try start this stuff . 
  it 's kinda getting scary tbh , i heard the cira is getting involved, 
  wtf ? 
  the people who are rioting etc feel way more british than irish . 
  the only irish rioters you will see is on saturday when the loyalists come to dublin which somehow has something to do with a ni only issue, 
  so , what are the chances of riots when the loyalists come to dublin ? 
  in the irish sense , they 're unionists, 
  what ????? 
  i thought it was just off season ? 
  any reason why ? 
  fuck the government !, 
  ireland : love/hate and the savage eye, 
  does the ni parliament have to power to legalise abortion ? 
  see , the uk is n't all progressive . 
  it has some backwards laws etc, 
  please link to the article etc when you make claims . 
  so the poll or survey was unclear in what it was asking . 
  it or some other poll said 10 % of ( a certain age group ) have been in a relationship where an abortion has happened . 
  also this roi and not all of ireland ? 
  misread it , sorry . 
  anyway that is only 1000 people . 
  most people under 40 or 30 would support it in all cases . 
  sure look at the protests that happened after the death of savita , thousands acrossed the country were protesting etc. 
  it 's fine gael that are the stubborn politicians . 
  i 'm pretty sure labour if they were n't in the coalition they would legislise it , they 're one of the parties that are supporting gay marriage . 
  it 's not just because its in the south , its due to the uk 's previous invasions and plantations . 
  the british controlled or influenced sorry i forget the area in which i currently live , it was called the pale . 
  it was basically dublin ( county ) but it had parts in surrounding counties . 
  the plantation in munster ( south ) failed so thats why there would be less british names and influence, 
  ok so you accept you were wrong and many support it for the health and rape , so far it is now legal for the health of a mother . 
  our health minister said there would be a ` new years resolution ' on the abortion law iirc , we should just vote on it when we are voting for full gay marriage in the next 18 months . 
  my name is very common in certain areas mainly in munster ( province ) more specifically cork . 
  are you asking is my name originally from ireland ? 
  it was a norman name and it came to ireland when the normans invaded . 
  please provide a source for the 2/3 figure, 
  would you blame the germans for ww2 and the holocaust for the initial election of hitler . 
  once they are elected , it does n't mean that they are going to fulfil promises and do the wishes of the general population . 
  the abortion law was ruled to be legal by our supreme court and refenda s but the government have n't legislated it till recently, 
  it 's not our fault our government are terrible is it ? 
  there are are probably ni separatists who want it to be free from the uk and roi but the 3 counties in ulster that are n't in the uk are fine , i 've not heard of them, 
  northern ireland not ulster . 
  we have parts of ulster, 
  economically ni and roi have to be stable and in a surplus to become a united ireland and the citizens of ni have to vote yes and so do the citizens of roi, 
  ireland and scotland , i 'd like to have wales in there too for a ` celtic union ', 
  how many days is that in butterfly ? 
  i heard a while ago there is a lot of natural gas under leitrim . 
  like a few billions worth . 
  nothing extermly bad has happened when we change , we mainly change it for good reasons or to make it more modern eg removing religious text which is meant to happen in our presidents term ( 7 years ) . 
  i do n't think changing the consitituon unless very radically , any party ( ies ) will gain a lot . 
  well your consitituon is very old actually just thinking about it over 200 years whereas ours is 75 or 76 cause its just new years here . 
  happy early new year and i hope you have a good year btw . 
  i agree with a lot of what you 've said . 
  but one thing that has always mindfucked about the usa is the attitude towards the consitituon as if its infallible . 
  why do so many resists changing it , is it even possible to ? 
  i come from ireland where we change ours a lot , a few times a year . 
  one thing i never got is why the usa has only 2 parties ? 
  is there a law which prevents a 3rd party from having power etc ? 
  why are you conservative if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i 'm assuming you are n't the typical religious , gun fanatic , racist and homophobe that is often what uneducated republicans/conservatives are/portrayed as . 
  do you think they will agree ? 
  it 's good for whoever gets to keep it , i doubt we ( irish people ) will so any of it, 
  why didnt they solve it months ago ? 
  what does gold have to do with the budget ?
