gay rights ? 
  no religion ? 
  no much anymore , it still has power over certain things especially schools but not everyone ( barely anyone ) is a super catholic . 
  abortion . 
  scotland is further ahead . 
  ireland actually is n't that religious anymore . 
  did n't higgins say he 'd try make it a none religious document ( constitution ) ? 
  but there is in the constitution , where it matters . 
  nato does n't just involve us troops . 
  for a few days worth of oil ? 
  also there 's no legal clauses that would allow an invasion . 
  yeah but 3/4 of the union would be . 
  celtic empire ? 
  because nato is already established although it does n't solely protect european interests it is a good alternative . 
  would it be compulsory for neutral countries to give their neutrality up or can they have a different agreement for peacekeeping etc and none offensive operations ? 
  is n't there a clause where nato members can act without us approval ? 
  5 people drowned . 
  good weather . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poit%c3%adn#legal_status you can get a weak version . 
  just like them . 
  yeah like getting rid of the medical card for cancer patients . 
  gaelic is a group of languages which include scottish and manx . 
  or it 's a sport . 
  if they get angry about a flag , imagine what they 'd do if the union fell apart and they 'd be a minority . 
  * gaeilge http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_ireland eire is the name for the irish state as well , which associated more with roi than the whole island . 
  where are you from ? 
  why would ireland join the uk again ? 
  saying southern eire makes no sense as eire mean the irish state ( roi , ireland in english ) . 
  maybe he meant unionists in ni get pissy . 
  celtic union ? 
  show me where every country in europe is hacking each other , i 'd be interested to see where ireland fits in . 
  a land war or just bombing ? 
  security , foreign policy ( neutrality ) , pretty good to the environment , low crime rate , birth rate , projected economy in the future , equality , not intervening in other countries matters . 
  we are getting postcodes ( maybe ) in the next 18 months . 
  david norris has cancer . 
  yeah i know but i was just sharing some trivial information . 
  also i do n't get why he thinks we wan na join the uk . 
  ireland is actually 3rd world in the cold war meaning . 
  yes that 's the literal one but it 's just cake . 
  cake, 
  they disregarded threats to ireland , which was the country they swore the oath to . 
  still was n't right . 
  ireland had numerous threats , from the allies , the axis and domestic threats . 
  why ? 
  the broke an oath while ireland was under numerous threats, 
  ireland : gay marriage , not really debated much but there is some stuff about it abortion ( biggest debate as of recently ) catholic church oil and off shore drilling rights being sold to companies ww2 deserters being forgiven alan shatter, 
  tomorrow is my easiest day . 
  where is it written that it is solely about making kids ? 
  no it 's not . 
  i know many people who get married out of love or devoution etc etc. 
  how are gays similar to paedos ? 
  what about people who do n't want kids ? 
  all of which are eligible for irish citizenship . 
  roi 's pop is closer/is about 5 million and the irish citizens from ni bring it up a few hundred thousand . 
  wonder how northern irish should be counted, 
  reddit can do it automatically for you , also it 's 6 million, 
  i was just thinking of op 's pov , also he just let reddit decide the title, 
  i throught op would have known it was our president she to the press here calling him just * president *, 
  it was from an irish site, 
  oh , i thought you meant republic of ireland which made no sense, 
  what ? 
  was n't really a riot , just some drunk scumbags fighting over some dutch gold . 
  how many km did you run ? 
  riots, 
  yeah . 
  are n't our immigrants mainly from non-religious places though ? 
  it is still falling here, 
  there are immigrants in he churches ? 
  til, 
  smaller boxes, 
  in the mosques, 
  lol but i thought apple was doing it shadier than google etc, 
  irish legends are an untapped film gold mine, 
  garda\u00ed corruption / withholding information dublin airport is giving 220 acres of grass to local farmers alan shatter ( minister for justice and defence ) - vote of no confidence apple skipping over tax brian boru film ( i 'd love more irish legend based films ) potato famine pathogen has been identified rise in atheism and ` godless ' funerals dana 's presidential campaign manager charged with molestation of children ( she was running for president ), 
  they have a lot of immigrants from less than stellar countries and are often the poorer ones . 
  i 'm just saying having uneducated people come into your country is n't good . 
  he certainly felt non-british by the way he worded things . 
  he was probably brainwashed by some radical, 
  haha i never said terrorists , i 'm just saying our immigrants are n't as violent . 
  totes awkz, 
  thank god our immigrants are n't like that, 
  yeah there is upcoming plans for it but they do n't have a lot of rights at all . 
  can you even tell if its fake ? 
  we have the same grid iirc . 
  also being an island may effect prices, 
  they can call it again but there is no guarantee we will vote for whatever they want . 
  it has to be 50/50 coverage . 
  it 's normally fair . 
  also the government ca n't change it afterwards . 
  in fairness it 's better in the long term, 
  most likely, 
  same, 
  norway !, 
  at least they ca n't change it afterwards . 
  i think it 's a great idea because then the government ca n't do anything about the law afterwards without having us to vote . 
  they wo n't be able to get rid of it . 
  do you not believe global warming is real ? 
  i did n't upvote him . 
  so go fuck yourself with a broken glass bottle you cunt . 
  proof of both ?
