  abortion forests rape ( girl was raped at gun point ) gay marriage austerity eu-us trade deal , european wide the witch died . 
  primary schools handing over power suicide rate, 
  i 've ever even heard of them, 
  i see some gardai with guns but the label on there car said armed response so it 's to be expected, 
  what did you you do on ty and what did you do for the gaisce ? 
  at our school it really puts people out of their comfort zone, 
  in ty you do a lot of social development, 
  we have a great education system although there is room for improvement, 
  also the magdalene laundries, 
  i would n't say we became hugely liberal in the last few years . 
  it 's been gradual since the 80s . 
  we have had pretty liberal policies in other areas . 
  also we had civil unions edit : spelling, 
  constitution convention voted 79 % in favour of having a refenda on gay marriage, 
  uk , ireland and other places, 
  i agree, 
  i ca n't think of them either . 
  i 've never heard on ireland . 
  example in a sentence to make sure i 'm right ? 
  if its something like what is life like ** in ** ireland ? 
  we say ireland . 
  our country is technically called ireland not the republic of ireland . 
  it 's fine to say ireland . 
  no one cares really . 
  ni and roi ( we use roi to distinguish ) are quite similar anyway . 
  things are n't politically charged anymore ( some areas in ni are ) . 
  ireland is the name of the island and country . 
  i can get it on ireland . 
  i do n't know enough about cyprus and greece 's history to say anything like that . 
  i got the point but you could have just said that . 
  also what would use to claim ireland is a puppet state ? 
  it does n't make a difference if the world wants it . 
  sure i 'd like it but economically alone ni would destroy us . 
  he was extremely ignorant about ireland but it does n't mean you have to act like a dick in your original post . 
  neither the irish government or the british government use the term british isles . 
  you need to look up the meaning of benevolence . 
  if you think they were kind , you should read over some irish history . 
  i recommend from 1800-2000, 
  if you did that even though you ca n't ireland would be fucked . 
  your shitty troll account will be ignored, 
  people who wear veils * oaps * muslims * nuns, 
  sorry , my point still stands, 
  did you read what i said ? 
  you pay into the scheme for years and if you are unemployed you get some money . 
  that 's how it should work . 
  he mentioned veil , so muslims i assume ? 
  due to immigrants ? 
  nice edit of my comment . 
  does the eu directly control their parliament and politicians ? 
  ecb not the eu . 
  also you act as if the eu now controls cyprus which it clearly does n't, 
  they did n't lose their sovereignty . 
  i mean a suggestion not legislation . 
  you can if its a suggestion . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't we should change a lot of things but our government is out of touch . 
  false . 
  europe has made recommendations etc about laws here and we have n't changed them . 
  i do n't want european laws etc above my constitution unless there is more democracy in the eu . 
  i do n't think its just ireland . 
  people can get free cheese etc. 
  ryan air is a budget airline , its keep but they are n't amazing comfort etc. 
  aer lingus is good also . 
  dumb td 's suggesting things . 
  gay marriage ( not really an issue with the public , they already have civil unions ) . 
  a women in ni could get jailed for using abortion drugs . 
  economy . 
  ahhh yes the soviets !, 
  the uk gave it so the british banks would n't go under here . 
  * how is it taught ? 
  * primary kids are taught to play and some sports mainly soccer , gaa , basketball . 
  in secondary we do more in fitness and more contact sports such as rugby . 
  * * does it count towards college ? 
  * nope * * how much time ? 
  * 80 minutes once a week * * does it have a theocratical component ? 
  * nope * forgot : its complusory till you finish secondary school . 
  1 . : [ ireland ] ( http://www.citizensinformation.ie/ ), 
  yeah since free education only because available in the 70s and people left school a lot back then . 
  magdalene laundries and the ecb note . 
  it 's not really a debate , its pretty certain it will happen . 
  how is it pc ? 
  i 'm pointing out your ignorance . 
  that 's if you reunify in a small time scale . 
  over let 's say 10 years after roi and ni agree to unify with a majority above 60 % they could begin to change over the departments like the psni to the garda\u00ed . 
  i do n't think there should be a united ireland unless we get our universal healthcare similar to the nhs . 
  unless roi , uk and eu help pay for ni during its transition and the eu afterwards i do n't think they could keep it the way the british have been able to . 
  i think ni or the area which would have been ni should be allowed to keep its british military bases , and we should no longer claim to be neutral even though we are in the eu . 
  we may have to change our flag as it is seen as a terrorists flag in ni . 
  we live in a country where islam has barely 1 % iirc of the population . 
  all the mosques are in dublin . 
  stop being a cunt . 
  how so ? 
  or dublin ( or belfast ) with the rest of ireland . 
  yes but latest info hasnt been released yet iirc, 
  a few things about the stats over catholicism . 
  * if they come from the church do not trust them ( they do n't allow people to be ex-communicated in ireland , too many were leaving ) * ireland is 1 or 2 iirc in the decline of religion which will continue ( probably ) because of the abuses highlighted in the past few years such as magdalene laundries . 
  * id consider no one i know of a true catholic . 
  they attend church for weddings etc. 
  barely anyone attends mass . 
  monasteries , catholic schools ( are being put into trusts ) , seminaries are closing due to lack of interest . 
  i 'd call a lot of them culturally catholic as in its the standard to get confirmed ( i did it for money like 99 % of people ) * also abortion is allowed under certain circumstances .
