  there was good recently found in wicklow btw, 
  we need a new party, 
  not all of the pigs will be in utter turmoil by the end of 2013, 
  restore with a military ? 
  did n't the uk cut aid or will im the next 5-10 years to india ? 
  yeah i know that, 
  it just means that someone in their family was irish . 
  irish descent is very different from being irish . 
  sure , the whole of the uk could be considered from normans from france . 
  it just means someone in their bloodline was irish, 
  i only went by ` youth defences ' website . 
  i do n't think they 'll convince a large number of voters to keep the law the way it is now ( civil unions ) . hopefully the fines they have to pay stop them putting up anti-gay and pro-choice posters all over ireland, 
  youth defence is pro-life not anti gay as far as i 'm aware . 
  yeah , they may sway people on the abortion issue because it 's much more controversial but gay marriage is n't as contoeversial . 
  most people wo n't have a problem with it . 
  what do you mean taught about ` gay sex ' ? 
  they 're already taught about sex in general not just straight sex ( i got taught both even in a catholic school ), 
  i meant in the general public . 
  a few td 's are against it or will abstain but if its a refendum it wo n't matter it 's what the public thinks and then it will surely pass, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 'll happen , considering labours full support on gay rights . 
  no one else opposes it iirc . 
  abortion has kinda taken its ` spotlight ' but that is gon na be a much harder issue and much harder to pass we should just vote on it , i think it would pass then, 
  also most boys and girl only schools are private and were founded with religion either catholic or protestant , state schools are generally mixed, 
  so they are still deciding dates ? 
  are n't we fully legalising gay marriage ? . when is the gay marriage refendum on ? 
  i heard within the next 18 months ? 
  people over 65 may be swayed but normally in churches ( i dunno if you do it in america ) we do n't discuss politics, 
  michael d ( our president ) said he will make the constitution have basically no mention of god in his term ( our presidental term is 7 years ) and abortion is legal in certain circumstances but obviously not outright legal, 
  hahal it 's easy to be confused . 
  why do you have english flag and not an ni or uk flag ? 
  you are part of the eu ... eurozone and the eu are different things, 
  so if roi 's economy was better ? 
  also i 'm an atheist nationalist, 
  oh god . 
  those bunch of cunts . 
  they say abortion is ** never ** nessicary . 
  i ca n't believe people fund them ( mainly fundie american groups ) . 
  but guess what , they 're probably going to get fined for all the posters they put up , 
  are you nationalist or unionist ? 
  ireland : abortion , mainly in the government . 
  i think more than 50 % would support it . 
  gay marriage is pretty certain soon . 
  most wouldnt be racist against the british unless they suffered in northern ireland etc. 
  the uk helped ireland 's bailout fund sure . 
  no you probably just met assholes, 
  where in ireland ? 
  we do n't want you either, 
  never !!!!!, 
  ireland and northern ireland for a laugh, 
  ireland , scotland and wales do not hate england . 
  where are you from if you actually think this ? 
  it 's the people not the government idiot . 
  also to piss you off ireland is spending the uk 's money , thanks for your tax # which went to us, 
  pigs are n't just southern countries, 
  the current government have their fair share of fuck ups and regarded ness . 
  the economy is growing but slowly so it 'll be a while before it gets better properly, 
  i 'm unsure if it will be a decade , i 'm no economist so i 'm unsure of how long this will last in certain places, 
  i meant which countries will need to be bailed out in 10 years ? 
  such as ? 
  not really , a lot of the pigs will out of bailout programmes within the next 5-10 years, 
  ireland : best : people and culture worst : government, 
  refendums on it soon, 
  we 're legislating medicine made from weed and gay marriage, 
  it was ruled by the supreme court and 1 or 2 refendums but our government never legislated it . 
  cowards, 
  it was ruled by our surpreme courts and refendums that this should be legal but our government have n't legislated it at all until now, 
  sure he 's off with angela, 
  i go to a private dentists . 
  luckily we 're getting universal healthcare soon . 
  wait your name is reilly , minster for health ? 
  and ireland, 
  why ? 
  what 's wrong with scottish independece ? 
  obviously . 
  it means tensions along with violence have died down , not to mention the disbandment of the ira and other paramilitaries, 
  lots has changed eg good friday agreement, 
  so germany = europe, 
  also if scotland gets independece unionism will decline, 
  mainly due to the economy . 
  a united ireland wo n't happen because of roi 's economy and northern ireland 's economy ( yet ), 
  in fairness ireland needs to sort our economy first . 
  also it 's not all to do with religion but the protestants are mainly unionists/loyalists and catholics are mainly nationalists, 
  how ? 
  yes they may get some representation in the government but not proper power , they do n't represent 90 % of irish people . 
  also the republic ca n't reduce the power of unionists . 
  why would they let it happen ? 
  also no matter what happens they 'd be voted down . 
  they will never hold a majority . 
  they 're becoming a smaller community even now , imagine the future, 
  so are you talking about ni or roi ? 
  or a united ireland ? 
  you need to clarify, 
  even then , we would outnumber the unionists . 
  also catholics are growing in terms of population much faster in ni anyway , soon they 'll be a smaller community . 
  why would unionists allow a united ireland to happen ? 
  there are n't any unionist parties , also a nationalist bloc could easily outnumber unionists . 
  no one in ireland will agree to go back to the uk, 
  protestants are a minority here ... . 
  religion does n't matters its whether they are nationalists or unionists , unionists will never be voted for in the d\u00e1il . 
  how could david cameron destroy any power ireland has ?
