  hopefully this will change , we should just vote on it not our shit government . 
  ireland is not very catholic at all . 
  what i meant was further cooperation not the exact same laws . 
  i 'd like to see a celtic union . 
  centrism is not always good . 
  here in ireland we do n't have a credible left ( or right ) wing . 
  they all lean in a certain way but have extremely similar traits . 
  having more than 2 parties means the people have more choice and people can set their own parties etc. 
  how so ? 
  ireland does n't have any treaties which state that ? 
  maybe the eu common defence act is what you 're referring to which is basically a european nato ? 
  ireland is not a member of nato , we 're neutral . 
  which was england, 
  no , 3rd . 
  irish is spoken more . 
  this would be a facepalm but i guess foreigners call it gaelic . 
  gaelic is the following : * . 
  a group of languages which include irish , scottish , welsh , manx etc * gaelic football a game played mostly in ireland but has had some popularity in countries which have/had a large number of irish people, 
  source ? 
  no , i never said that but the public should realise voting for a nationalist council will upset some hardcore loyalists . 
  bringing a flag in line with the rest of the uk shows how petty they are when they riot about it, 
  they were still elected by the people . 
  yes , but if the elected officials vote on the issue and they agree on it why should n't it be followed ? 
  what ? 
  the council voted and went along with the outcome, 
  also it was a democratic decision , so you want to go against democracy ? 
  i know but i was referring to roi . 
  lol at * questionable * !!, 
  i do n't care if its for irony or not but ireland 's known for being peaceful, 
  no , starving themselves doesnt automatically give them some hero status . 
  sorry , i 'm going to have to leave this ill tomorrow , i have to do work . 
  the hunger strikers were different ( or most of them ) , the british treated them horribly . 
  are the parks name after the ira in roi or ni also which ira were they in ? 
  because that makes a huge difference, 
  hmm . 
  i know this seems kinda harsh but maybe the were travellers . 
  i have known a few and they will pick on anyone for anything . 
  i 'm friends with quite a few english people and they do n't get any hassle . 
  most people even in ni wo n't give you any hassle . 
  anyone who blames you or the current generation for stuff are eejits . 
  also , where in the news have you seen an anti-british sentiment ? 
  it was fianna f\u00e1il not the general public , your post seemed quite offensive when talking about ireland ? 
  do you dislike ireland or are you tired of talking to that ignorant lad ? 
  i agree . 
  one thing unionists and loyalists are very similar , loyalists are just violent unionists . 
  it 's not the public 's problem ( mostly ) , most pro-life supporters are the older generation and our politicians , our government are very populist , so they are pandering to the dying beliefs . 
  fyi abortion was/should 've been allowed if the women 's life is in danger , numerous refendas and supreme court rulings were ignored by the parties in power . 
  now its a coalition between labour ( left-ish , but have been ruined by fg ) and fine gael ( centre-right and quite catholic ), 
  what if it comes from the gov ? 
  but we are n't extremely anti-europe, 
  and ? 
  ireland does n't raise horses for meat or secretly kill them . 
  horses in ireland are primarily for horse racing, 
  it 's just that it was false advertising and effects the reputation of irish meat which is huge to the irish economy, 
  they are n't doing this because they are n't worth it , they 're doing it because they can not afford to have 2000 new nurses ( iirc ) being paid what the average is now . 
  you said ` mainstream shit ' . 
  just stop being a hipster and enjoy the music , not all mainstream * edm * is shit, 
  no it does n't . 
  also not all electronic music is made for ` dancing ' . 
  are you angry at my use of the term edm ? 
  or just ignorant of how much the uk has changed music ? 
  the uk had pretty big scenes for genres of edm , a lot of it was dubstep . 
  i 'm also assuming you are using solidarity in the context of the eu ? 
  you failed to address the question . 
  you have made broad and generalising statements but yet do n't explain them . 
  the uk has to remain competitive yes but why would you want to fuck over one of the uk 's biggest trading partners just for the * lulz * ? 
  ireland has tightened its belts much more than the uk has . 
  do n't make ireland seem so evil and manipulative , i can give you examples of the uk being exactly the same . 
  also we had a low tax rate after our country was founded ( as a republic not a dominion ) to help start our economy up . 
  * sigh * ... 
  explain exactly how a business in ireland eg google is taking money from the uk ? 
  it 's not illegal btw . 
  we chose our tax rate , ireland has to stay competitive , we have no access to mainland europe without planes or ferries which adds to the cost of exporting, 
  clearly you 're uninformed . 
  ireland taxes its people at a decent rate not extremely low . 
  it 's the corporations that are taxed low . 
  which would the irish people benefit from , a , a large number of investments which generate thousands of * skilled * jobs or b , no large corporations but taxed at an average rate and very few jobs . 
  a is the clear choice . 
  if the company is in ireland they pay very little tax on profits they made here . 
  it should n't effect the uk and if it does it is marginal . 
  if you think ireland 's economy is in a recession due to taxes then you 're so ignorant . 
  you 're ignoring the uk 's tax loopholes which have n't been fixed also . 
  it 's the companies choice whether they want to be in the uk or ireland not yours or the governments . 
  how did ireland poach british cash ? 
  you have laws allowing rich people to basically live tax free eg jimmy carr , you 're one to talk, 
  why should we follow people who are very different from us ? 
  also how are we uncivilised ? 
  how would you ( i 'm assuming you 're from the uk ) sell ireland . 
  so we should just follow everything the uk does ? 
  oh and slit your throats . 
  hmm , how reminiscent of the uk 's imperial days, 
  also a well educated workforce . 
  if we raised it , it would be a large number of jobs at risks and companies would no longer be attracted to ireland, 
  can you tell me how you 're under threat ? 
  sorry i 'm not very informed on greece and turkey, 
  what 's ireland in the first one ? 
  but is n't / r/ireland not just roi but all inclusive ? 
  do we not have a common defence act ? 
  it 's not as bad as people say . 
  unionism is general the term for the peaceful people who want to stay in the uk , loyalists are generally the violent type .
