  to a complete ship-noob like me this looks big and seaworthy . 
  what makes these less able to sail big seas than say norse longboat ? 
  i see . 
  so it was true . 
  i do n't know why i am suprised . 
  is japan 's national anthem really about a person ? 
  might be the best one so far . 
  do we have another source for this ? 
  like the actual fox news segment ? 
  this is so unbelivable that i actually find it difficult to belive . 
  let 's pray for finland . 
  a bit too sugary if you ask me . 
  give me m\u00fcsli over that any day . 
  i guess you are right . 
  french have too many girlfriends . 
  i ca n't explain the irish , how do priest and boys make babies ? 
  hear , hear !, 
  thanks for telling before the contract was signed  : c, 
  i understand that there is a difference , but other than in language and history , why do we separate scandinavia from the nordics ? 
  i do n't see the practical difference . 
  i guess you are scandinavian now . 
  yea , i support our monarchy but i could give it up for another queen margrethe if we got more substantial bonuses for it . 
  maybe . 
  we need to find a balance where we annoy the brittish as much as possible without getting too annoyed ourselves . 
  every job i had in my life came to me by contacs . 
  this might be something society should change to make it easier for people with no network to find a job . 
  i 'd end my career over ending my world . 
  this explains a lot from my last trip to denmark . 
  pls do n't kill him : c, 
  we should start by spelling everything in a sensible way . 
  though ? 
  thought ? 
  why all the silent letters ? 
  also we should start correcting their grammar when they do n't do it our way . 
  i do n't know , two words in the same day seem quite unusual for a finn . 
  unless you are talking about your opinions on sweden : /, 
  long answer is probably `` perkele '' . 
  source : living next to them my whole life . 
  i think he refers to the tax relief ireland gave apple . 
  i do n't know if i went from anti eu to pro eu from hanging on this forum , or if i spend time here because i turned pro eu . 
  maybe both in a reinforcing kind of way . 
  at least you wo n't be beaten with a stick  :( https://satwcomic.com/the-law-is-the-law, 
  yea , i heard about that . 
  i do n't know how it works but it sounds stupid to me . 
  i mean , you are not using most of the services anymore . 
  i guess they see it as a subscription to let you keep the passport or something . 
  i get flashbacks from total war where we usually get cut out of europe . 
  you have an option to opt out , move somewhere else . 
  it is just as compassionate to willingly pay a tax for charity as giving money for charity . 
  it 's a question about how to organize it . 
  you either vote for the government who will help where you want to help or not , just like everything else in democracies . 
  both developmental aid and individual aid is good , i 'm not against either . 
  but i do mind when people claim aid from the state is not from the good will of the people ( at least in democracies ) . 
  if it helps i can tell you at least i knew amercan citizen donate a lot , 
  indeed i remember the protests and that is a good way to make a stand . 
  but in the end , the people do have the power overthrow governments ( peacefully even ) if engaged enough . 
  yes , that is how society works . 
  i force others and myself to pay for other things i want to happen , like social security . 
  in a working democracy , the population has at least some responsibility for what the government does . 
  not saying i do not understand the need to remove the dictator . 
  i give from my own time and money by taxes . 
  i figure this is way more effective . 
  this is how you check if a finn is dead or just sleeping drunk . 
  that 's annoying for us too since it diminishes our astounding victory over the silly danes . 
  is n't that an elf ? 
  and why do english use the ' ? 
  if you are going to type a character , why not just use the letter it replaces ? 
  no , do n't you see they are in the red part . 
  that is how you know if you are in the bad part of statistics . 
  / s edit : to clarify , in this one that is correct ... 
  i really want estonia in the nordic club and hope that our values will align more in the future . 
  sounds like we are getting there . 
  and to be honest finland is already often considered the more old fashioned/rural version of the nordics . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lasiktcucio :d, 
  when i read the title my mind was going `` oh , people who thrive on people working want people to work '', 
  it gets rebranded as surstr\u00f6mming and sold in sweden, 
  hear , hear !, 
  a lot better !, 
  you could at least paint them or something . 
  those houses make my eyes dry up and cry dust . 
  all about perspective . 
  is this coloured by hand ? 
  i agree with you but maybe cut down on the insults . 
  please come back and spend many of the monies . 
  there are more swedes than danes . 
  ripping on denmark will reap you more karma !, 
  please , come and be a moderator for r/swarje . 
  the world need more people like you . 
  how is sandi so scandi to you ? 
  do you fancy random scandi sandies or just this scandi sandi ? 
  perhaps a scantily clad scandi sandi sitting at a sandy beach or scandi sandi in a sauna is more your thing , 
  i 've noticed that most nordics are like `` gasp !, 
  you know we exist and can tell the difference between us ? 
  you 're my hero ! '', 
  at least i am ... 
  well , sweden have a lot of statistics going back hundreds of years . 
  the reason our government were so good at keeping statistics were because we were so poor . 
  we could n't afford to miss any population to tax or conscript . 
  in my opinion the swedish empire was doomed to implode sooner or later . 
  it was just efficient governing that kept it up for as long as it did .
