preventing civil war is what i read too . 
  at that place and time it would have been difficult for the slav leaders to pick one among themselves since everyone had enemies that would not accept the new leaders and thus civil war . 
  better pick someone from the outside . 
  it 's not like kings had absolute power in those days anyway , not in this region . 
  that guy was a caricature . 
  we used him in jokes unrelated to italy in my social circles . 
  you two , stop having same flag pls . 
  i bet the irish are real smug about this :d, 
  i 'm not sure what kind of desserts . 
  it was before my time . 
  word by word that is a very good translation . 
  i think this might be one of the reasons they do n't give the name . 
  i know that in sweden you could find it in desserts when it was new here . 
  no one knew what to do with it . 
  this is true in sweden as well . 
  = she is really hot . 
  = the cake looks delicious . 
  first thing in my mind was `` heh , he even changed his fla. . . wait '', 
  not much of a comfort but sometimes you can see a shaggy tuft of hair sticking out from the top . 
  last november we had 5 hours of sunlight where i live . 
  i worked inside for all of those 5 hours . 
  5 hours for the whole month and the other months were not much better either :(, 
  i hate those maps . 
  they never show the full glory of our penis-land . 
  it 's impossible to see how big it is in them . 
  we also must remember that just because some old dude said it was so it does n't always have to be true . 
  it 's like future people would read facebook feeds and wonder about these ten things doctors of our age just hate . 
  i declare myself neutral and will express no opinion for or against this matter . 
  a few generations from now there will be a new australia in sahara . 
  i think he is from trollheim, 
  why do you two have different flags ? 
  what if your butt is still wet after and it makes marks on you clothes ? 
  nope , i do not want to be pegged by a wet finger . 
  swede here and i agree . 
  of course i `` snitch '' when he steals my money . 
  i need those for the education of my future children etc. 
  i suspect a childhood of assembling lego might help scandinavians to do ikea, 
  norway , ut\u00f6ya . 
  finland , jokela . 
  the tragedies are everywhere . 
  great !, 
  just like in irl they controll a small territory they defend to their teeth . 
  infiltrate the rainbow road and start a bounce or tunnel it with a mario sewer-pipe . 
  i 'm not sure if you are replying to me and if you do , i do n't see what you are trying to say . 
  aww, 
  `` hmm , here they speak something latin-like i do n't understand . 
  everything seems to be in order . '', 
  i think this is kind of what turned me from sceptic to pro eu . 
  looking at the world makes europe seem better and better ( in ethics ) for every crazy leader that pop up . 
  when i visited france i noticed that french fat people tend to have skinny arms and legs . 
  made them kind of look like frogs wich i find hilarious considering the ango-saxons nickname for french . 
  also , the plane uses carbon from the ground and thus add it to the atmosphere . 
  the tree will give no positive effects to climate change other than the carbon it uses to grow , wich will return once it dies anyway . 
  how does people in ukraine feel about the idea of cutting the cancerous tumour and strive westwards ? 
  that is where we store all our sisu . 
  norway !, 
  do n't kiss me there , you know how sensitive my j\u00e4mtland is . 
  i 'm pro eu and upvoted this post . 
  why ? 
  because i think it is important to understand what the opposition think and feel in order to not end up like an echo-chamber . 
  and tiles . 
  what ? 
  now i 've heard it all . 
  if i was n't cheap i 'd give you reddit silver . 
  remove your comment before they read this , it will kill the entire nation . 
  iv ' e been to denmark so i can probably cope . 
  did we put the stakes back in the water ? 
  i hope we did n't forget to put the stakes back in the water . 
  honorary germans ? 
  i know one guy who would agree . 
  they would . 
  they just need to claim they are swedes and the americans would level us . 
  i know about it !, 
  but i 'm a history nerd . 
  why thank you . 
  i hope to visit estonia this summer , what would you recommend ? 
  i like do n't drink and like history and nature . 
  looking at the picture i just realised how happy i am she wrote you run into a wall to get there and not over a track with oncomming train . 
  the `` i 'm just gon na try it once '' - people would be in much more danger . 
  the other half will die out soon or what do they say . 
  yeah , i 'm swedish and i flipped side after trump . 
  european army kind of seems like good option now . 
  nothing new . 
  nothing was as dangerous as chicago and he gave his arguments to why the police hq is wrong when they say no police escorted him . 
  i guess they find too cute to eat unlike this horribly twisted creature . 
  i eat my kn\u00e4ckebr\u00f6d with pride . 
  correct . 
  any other option would be a lie and i would never assume that our beloved but less civilised neighbors were liars !, 
  you are right , we deserve better than that . 
  thanks , 
  daedricbanana 's comment could have been such a burn but it just ended up being right . 
  it 's a secret you have to unlock after walking the maze once and at least finding one of the secret maps . 
  then you can memorize the map and the hidden path to the restaurant . 
  you make me proud . 
  please move to sweden , we need people like you . 
  ah shit , i did n't notice . 
  thanks for telling me : /, 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  that 's how jesus was born . 
  i 've heard these ships had problem sailing bigger seas than the mediterranean sea .
