  i studied history and philosophy at university just to satisfy my interest in these subjects . 
  i worked for a few years and later on i studied constructional engineering for 2 years ( but i 'm not and engineer ) but had some problems finding a permanent job and also had some problems with the culture in the trade ( a lot of racism and sexism , unfortunatly ) . 
  i worked for a few years and now i decided i want to be a social aid worker and will study this for about 3 years . 
  i have mostly benefited from taxes but also paid them . 
  i must say that i do n't mind paying them considering this enabled me to live the life i wanted , despite my parents not having the best paid jobs . 
  i do n't mind paying taxes now or in the future as i am confident this will enable other people to live full lives . 
  the benefits of society outweighs the cost of paying taxes as i have to live in this society . 
  happy neighbours dont steal your tv . 
  when it comes to changes i would n't mind if we as a people were more willing to pay temporary taxes . 
  like during this refugee crisis , a temporary tax during the crisis to a maximum of 6 years or something might enable us to help people here or in syria . 
  if only we could know temporary taxes stay temporary :(, 
  same here . 
  as long as i would know the money were for a good reason i would n't mind higher taxes . 
  i think transparancy is important here , that the money just do n't disappear behind some curtains and the politicans promise they are doing god 's work . 
  hmm ... 
  i must question the truth of these statistics as i obviously ca n't question my stereotypes about danes . 
  also better to fight the enemy as far from your own borders as possible , i guess . 
  me and my friends call it schampofinska . 
  very common knowledge before smartphones became common . 
  v\u00e4lt\u00e4 ainen jutumista silmiin ( or something , i have a smartphone now so my schampoo-finnish is a bit rusty ) . 
  and it 's ridiculous . 
  everyone knows finland is the eastern region of sweden . 
  maybe we should take it easy on the teasing denmark for a while . 
  that 's actually a good point . 
  but not for the people there i guess . 
  make it 0.5 and i will upvote you . 
  i do n't trust nato ( trump , erdogan and defensive wars in other countries soil ) enough for wishing sweden to join but i do think a european defence would be more aligned to my values . 
  do n't worry , may is soon over and june will be here . 
  i ca n't do much about trump but you will preservere . 
  i guess only a few weeks of summer is not that bad after all . 
  imagine , we could have been living in lands of constant summers instead of here , where we had snowfall a few days ago . 
  oh , i heard about that one . 
  people did n't agree with the message . 
  the music is appalling and did n't really help to spread the message . 
  i hope not , trade would be good for us . 
  as long as the terms are agreeable . 
  i should visit copenhagen again . 
  almost as beautiful as stockholm . 
  i plan to see that bill nye show but maybe i should skip it . 
  what was bad about it ? 
  while i agree that much is morally ambiguous about most religions you seem more obsessed about slandering and spewing hate rather than convincing and converting people to leave their religions . 
  the words and sentences you use in your argumentation show that you are more of an emotional thinker than a rational one . 
  and truly , if you hade a background in science you would know that i will not take the word of a random stranger on the web as truth , especially one waves a major in history like it was worth anything without sources , papers or at least a link to wikipedia . 
  and interest in middle east ? 
  even with my meagre knowledge i found faults . 
  you are just full of shit , boi . 
  i think sweden keep our inflation just outside the legal levels and are thus not `` allowed '' to use the euro . 
  she is god-empress to you , sir !, 
  i am certain that people raised with corporal punishment can turn out just fine , so do people who did n't . 
  we basically chose between hurting or not hurting children . 
  i did not dispute that sleeping with a girl of 10 is ethically abhorrent nor that it was written that this was done by the prophet they worship . 
  but if you want to target criticism to a specific religion it should not be an action done by a guy that was prevalent at the time when he lived . 
  when trying to convince someone you should only use the strongest arguments * from their point of view * , not something they will brush aside as a zeitgeist . 
  this said , it is not exactly an argument * for * islam that their prophet slept with a child , but a suprisingly inefficient one . 
  i have read up on european society during middle ages , thank you for your concern about my education . 
  i do n't know enough about 7th century arabia to know what was the norm there , but i still dispute that the girl was abused at the age of 6 rather than 9-10 . 
  not that it really matters ethically since she was a child at both ages . 
  and besides , calling muhammed a pedo is not the best way to go about it , it will close the minds of those who might be muslim and willing to listen to your arguments . 
  better to not attack the person but the morals that are being presented in the books . 
  according to wiki the age 6 was just the proposal and the actual consumation at 9 or 10 . 
  still incredibly young . 
  also yes , 12 years according to https://www.amazon.com/womens-lives-medieval-europe-sourcebook/dp/0415466830 edit : missed out on reading `` more common '' . 
  yeah , 12 was not usual . 
  might be , yes . 
  i belive you might be on to something . 
  while i do n't think marrying children is approved of i would like to point out that europe had similiar practices at the same time within the nobility . 
  i think the minimum legal age for some places where 12 for girls and 14 for boys . 
  more relevant critizism would be things like please do n't mutilate children , supress half the population or minorites . 
  but that goes for most of the abrahimic religions . 
  i think you are right . 
  debating what hats you should be allowed to wear is silly . 
  i can get the point if it covers you face where the face need to be seen or if it clashes with company uniform policy etc. 
  but otherwise , let people do what they want . 
  s\u00f6rry, 
  i tried to be punny :(, 
  i 'm not confident i want to stop it . 
  i did n't say i did n't like it . 
  i 'm quite neutral to it but if it ca n't be stopped my opinion of it does not matter . 
  edit : i misread , sorry . 
  i also really like the song . 
  this is what i do n't get about the hijab hate . 
  i 'm not fond of religions but think a scarf is among the least important things to criticize when it comes to religions that get their morals from millenia old books . 
  strength and stability , i 'd say . 
  i come from a smaller country than you and looking around the world i see globalisation we can not stop . 
  when look into time i see small powers getting run over by bigger ones . 
  europe is the great power with values closest to me and my peoples values so i consider it beneficial for us to align with europe . 
  time will weed them out and i 'm sure you are welcome back anytime you feel like it . 
  we are using \u00e5\u00e4\u00f6 instead of a and o to acclimate people to them . 
  this will make the eventual transition to swedish as the european lingua franca will be easier to accept for most people, 
  i 've been thinking about this think recently and i am sure it has many flaws , but what would stop greece from hiring politicans from elsewhere , if you dont like your own . 
  i 'm thinking like the people is the stock owners and the new leader is like a ceo . 
  the party voted for could function like a control mechanism to ensure that the ceo works for the people . 
  the immediate danger i see is the two of them working together to fool the stock owners . 
  this map was really interesting . 
  they want to show how to be peaceful : /, 
  you were one percentage unit greener when i checked the stats . 
  we will get you next time , france . 
  next time ... 
  well done !, 
  no , it was thrown out of heaven .
