  the huge space between the houses could be used for more than they are today . 
  once i went in there on a whim and just wanted something but did n't know what . 
  i told one of the guys who worked there and he suggested a book and even spent 10-15 minutes finding a selection of books i would like by asking question of what other books i read and so on . 
  i spent like 60 $ on books and learned that i like sci-fi !, 
  but she was swedish . 
  east-swedish . 
  i 'll go hide now ... edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/5cly6x/totally_accurate_world_map/, 
  yes , the problem is that not enough buildings are built . 
  we got space for it , that is for sure . 
  i live next to the hill where they dumped all the rubble . 
  there is a memorial there now over the history lost in those bricks . 
  old town being old town is not part of the problem.lack of political will hampers the building of new houses . 
  some say the very high quality requirements stops us but i disagree . 
  the rules are there for a reason . 
  we simply need a new miljonprogram . 
  ( the miljonprogram is when sweden built many , many houses for people to live in ), 
  i live close to stockholm and visit old town quite often for the sci-fi bookstore . 
  last time i was there i noticed that there were swiss army knives in the windows . 
  people keep mixing upp the swiss and the swedes and i guess they saw an opportunity to earn some money . 
  i want this now . 
  hey , listen , i know my own language and do n't need some swede come here telling me how to spell . 
  it is . 
  had a sm\u00f6rg\u00e5s with pr\u00e4stost and now i feel better about my choice . 
  monarchs have no real power anyway , they could just be figureheads for their specific region , with each region paying for their own monarch . 
  i think several scandinavian languages has that word . 
  i live in stockholm and considered it weird that our city wanted to call itself capital of scandinavia . 
  but then i heard some danes rage about how copenhagen would be better and now i make sure to remind everyone stockholm is the capital :d, 
  now you made me regret buying pr\u00e4stost . 
  thanks alot ... 
  rome had like 2500 years to build , i 'm kind of expecting more : /, 
  give it back , you . 
  we are known for our chocolate , watches , and knives . 
  something about the quality of some articles . 
  i think they are pardoned for a month to see if anything changed . 
  too late . 
  you 're assuming he or she has something against unnatural . 
  sweden is on a positive list . 
  nice . 
  i 'd prefer a europa army, 
  i did not read those links but they seem to be about us . 
  i knew this was the case in the nordic countries , but i did not know that this was uncommon outside the nordic countries . 
  but i agree that swedes are often quite swede-centric . 
  i did n't know this was a nordic thing . 
  why do they do that ? 
  saw the same thing in denmark and asked the local primitives who they where and they said germans . 
  the plan was to take parts sweden on the way so no , transit denied . 
  i thought you were going to say something about chins or lips first . 
  i actually said `` ha ! '', 
  out loud . 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  unfortunatly i think you might have a point . 
  most people here seem to be thinking `` huh , they are shooting each other again '' when they read the news . 
  nope , the article does not say that . 
  he even stress that we are nowhere near a breaking point . 
  he is saying that it has gone further that we should allow it to do , and i agree with him . 
  also he does not mention anything about no go zones , because there are none . 
  there are areas with significantly more criminal acitivity than others . 
  looks like there has been a war there or something : /, 
  nice . 
  springtime for romania . 
  you just do n't want sweden slapped in your face everytime you enter the sub , admit it . 
  what is stopping you ? 
  please come over , 
  my knowledge in swedish , german and english was enough to understand this . 
  amazing . 
  wow , 89 % trust in merkel . 
  i guess i 'm not alone in sweden . 
  your comment made me realize we have not had peace in europe for millenia . 
  i live in a quite eurosceptic country and i do n't feel any such wibes . 
  most people talk about not taking in new members or taking in certain countries were a mistake , but most agree that while they are in , they stay . 
  schhh ... we do n't want germany to correct this statement by anschluss . 
  he and trump complement each other . 
  northern italy stand closer to germans in work ethics too , so maybe there is something to it . 
  i agree . 
  it does n't have to be ubi but we need to keep people from becoming too poor or risk serious instability in our societies . 
  ubi is so far the most reasonable way i 've heard of . 
  i can teach you another word . 
  routsi , it means something like boss or superior . 
  to be fair , if the presidents job is just to cut ribbons it could as well be a life time thing . 
  and we could call him or her emperor or empress ... yeeesssss , i like this . 
  monarchies for the win !, 
  now we need a dane saying you 're welcome . 
  well , if we are lucky they brought some of those tasty sausages . 
  uh , i call not poland too then . 
  i call not greece too !, 
  last country to call not greece get greek politicans !, 
  what can we do , not like it 's our fault we are born with natural bubble butts . 
  corruption like this gives eu a very bad repuation among it 's denizens . 
  if eu want to consolidate and centralize then it must show to be worthy of this responsibility . 
  are you finnish or swiss ? 
  your name confuses me . 
  send that guy hidler to go get them . 
  well , since we live in democracies there could be the argument that an educated population is in everyones interest , wether it 's for work or not . 
  spring , actually . 
  but i get what you mean :p i still stand by the transparancy though . 
  you do n't have to trust politicans if you can see what happens . 
  it 's ok . 
  they are west sweden and east sweden anyway . 
  oooh , clever ... ... for a norwegian . . , 
  i was born hearing impaired and received free hearing aids and went to a school for people with similar problems .
