  back in the empire-days our small population was a national secret . 
  we feared that if people knew how small our population was we would be invaded from every direction as manpower was relative to population . 
  not really but kind of . 
  i know scandinavia is part of europe but it kind of feels like an attachment to the `` real '' europe . 
  like we somehow tricked you to play with us . 
  early teens . 
  school and geography . 
  i guess it was always in the back of my head but early teens is probably where i actually reflected on it . 
  european projects and the values we share . 
  where my civilization started . 
  this would probably give me instant heartburn . 
  i grew up on horse and remember when i learned you do n't eat horse in many western nations . 
  i was shocked . 
  we do n't want your weather , take it back . 
  did n't know about this . 
  but i guess that 's kind of the point . 
  i think the ones who stole them last are the ones who have them . 
  i either case it is ours !, 
  thanks, 
  i ca n't be arsed to find that comment . 
  did you link to a source for the claim ? 
  i did not consider that , good point . 
  but still , in my opinion global warming is a bigger threath than a possible monopoly and i think that in general , the emissions will be lesser if we can skip carbon based fuel and use nuclear power . 
  i think swedish politicans are more concerned about that . 
  i haf dis frendli engelsman in my gild hoo calls me sweetheart every time vi meet . 
  he is so nice !, 
  we are known for stealing all the meatballs . 
  and the damned swedes with their silly language . 
  away with you !, 
  is this his brothers in arms doing this ? 
  this is sick . 
  this made me feel sick . 
  i get flashbacks from total war where are lucky if we get represented by some forrested wilds north of denmark . 
  i second the transparency . 
  i do n't trust the european politicans enough to give them more power , but with power to check everything they are doing i don need to trust them !, 
  i think they are talking about fusion rather than fission . 
  but since you mentioned it , i used to be against nuclear power but i now belive the dangers are totally worth it if it helps cut down carbon emissions . 
  well , ask again and i know at least i will say yes , 
  our neutrality actually ended after ww2 . 
  we just pretended to be neutral after that , but it is difficult to tell the population this without letting the soviets know . 
  i will claim they are swedish universities . 
  half the world do n't know the difference between swiss and swedish anyway :d, 
  i 'm swedish but do n't drink and never went clubbing but this is how i imagine it : `` h\u00f6rru , vi ska knulla . '', 
  `` uh ... we sex now . '', 
  `` come . '', 
  we have to do something about the swiss . 
  it 's ok , you can leave : l, 
  you will never be free !, 
  same idea behind opening russian news in countries with a lot of russians . 
  as of now , almost all news in russian comes from moscow . 
  yes , i remember that one . 
  that was stupid , should have been allowed . 
  edit : read up on it , seems we got it wrong . 
  it was because of the noise pollution from the docks ( is that english ? ), 
  culture exchange 12th of january . 
  but now , should he be insulted we see the brits and english as the same , or join the `` blame english '' side ? 
  i ended up getting fired because my company ceased to exist . 
  state pays for my education for a job needed in sweden . 
  works great in my own anectdotal experience . 
  even if i ended up not liking the job , i could get another job as i now was more attractive as an employee . 
  i really like being able to work because i like it and not because i have to . 
  i do n't mind high rise buildings but not in central stockholm ( not that there is much place not taken already ) . 
  what we need is a new miljonprogram . 
  contrary to what many belive , the miljonprogram was not a fail . 
  we just see it that way now because it was less clever to try out new tech on a large scale like this ( asbestos : s ) . 
  it solved a similar problem back in the days . 
  also now we know to mix residents of different economic classes instead of just building small apartments that will turn into ghettos . 
  edit : clarifications . 
  ooooh , good one . 
  story !, 
  story !, 
  story !, 
  do they have a government now ? 
  i forgot to check again after the first year or so ... 
  maybe ... : , 
  we used to have different spanish students coming over for maybe 2 weeks at a time in upper high school . 
  they are hedonist unable to speak properly or follow rules . 
  the rules are important !, 
  is that why we had those spanish kids in our school every year ? 
  i know the other guys and gals in my class had some `` friends '' in those groups pretty quick . 
  i 've learned that you should n't joke about philosophy or any present philosopher will analyze everything you say . 
  they might just have thrown a white blanket over him for the picture . 
  guys , guys , do n't argue about this . 
  as a swede i can confirm that this guy probably has done a lot of manual labour . 
  most finns build their own huts in the forest and shave with shards of broken glass . 
  they also have knives , all of them . 
  source : my stereotypes about finns . 
  logically , it rained because it was too hot for snow , wich also caused already existing snow to melt . 
  if he lies diagonally and open the wardrobe he can even sleep there , no prob . 
  i guess they do n't need many tourist to just double the amount of people on the island . 
  it 's `` too '' and `` to '' . 
  why did you mix them up ? 
  yes , very similar . 
  pls do n't be hurt . 
  the miljonprogram has , in my opinion , a reputation worse than it deserved . 
  a lot of new technology was tried that later proved less succesfull , but most of it was great !, 
  it was a completely new way to build houses en masse and defined how we build houses even today . 
  the fail was not the miljonprogram in it self , but testing new tech on this scale was perhaps not the wisest . 
  if we make a new miljonprogram today with the tried and safe tech we have today things would look a lot better . 
  also the buildings from the miljonprogram should have been taken care of better , but the tenants of those houses usually ca n't afford much and so the owner do n't spend much on new facades and such .
