  that 's what i 'm talking about from the beginning . 
  by being large enough to force these changes politically . 
  as you said , law influences culture and vice versa . 
  if a group is larger , they have more power to change the law as they like it , without the freedom in aspects you love . 
  just like it happened in the middle east once before it was dominated by christianity , zaratustrianism and other religions . 
  it 's not contrary to what i believe . 
  almost every , today legal and recognized state started by conflict against some status quo . 
  those are unimportant nuances . 
  your culture is giving you this freedom to choose if you want to drink beer or not . 
  muslim culture for example does n't . 
  yes , church tower bells being replaced with minarets yelling . 
  changing christian or post-christian secular society into a muslim conservative society is that improvement ? 
  rotfl and double rotfl . 
  no , thank you . 
  it 's becouse iron curtain is n't something that began with communism . 
  it 's much older . 
  in the past , there was europe to the east from elbe , and to the west . 
  it has to do with many things , great geographic explorations , islam ( yes !, 
  ) , ocean trade access , hamburg being the last large port before there 's denmark penisula and many more things . 
  you 're mixing things . 
  terrorism is a method that can be used by their-freedom fighters do achieve their goals . 
  this is n't contradictory . 
  it depends which culture is native to given people . 
  i did n't say anything about controlling thought but about allowing to take away visible aspects of your culture to some other culture becouse you do n't value your own culture . 
  if you would value it , then you would n't allow your christian or post-christian culture to be taken away by muslim culture . 
  but you do n't care or you 're even hostile towards it . 
  this is why you have no sense of identity . 
  what do you not understand . 
  you do n't have to use these false cliche , this is simple . 
  if someone does n't care about his culture being taken away by some other culture , then obviously he does n't value his own culture , which makes him a person wtih no sense of identity . 
  his own shit is something indifferent to this person . 
  it 's pathetic and this is what many people in the west ( also in my country ) are doing . 
  their tradition is something they do n't care about or something to run away from , becouse they were told it 's wrong . 
  they seem not being able to find some stability or common sense in their deviations from left to right . 
  their ideological pendulum is always swinging a bit to far . 
  it 's like their broken moral spine is healing askew . 
  a nation with a sense of identity would n't allow all that happening from the beginning . 
  i did n't . 
  i said clearly that language is one of the main factors characterizing a culture , not the only factor , this was n't said anywhere by me . 
  now , back to the point . 
  kurds are speaking an indoeuropean language and this simple fact is more than enough to say that they are not culturally arabic . 
  also their folklore and history are different . 
  i did n't say that , stop imputing me things all the time . 
  but yes , language is one of the main factors that characterize a culture , and in this case it is n't arabic , it 's more than enough to say that kurds culturally are not arabic . 
  why are you trying to offend me ? 
  i never went to uk . 
  kurds are n't arabic . 
  not in genetic sense nor cultural . 
  there 's nothing to support that . 
  and yes , you are talking about language families when you 're talking about culture . 
  kurds are indoeuropean , not arabic . 
  i have n't seen a research supporting this opinion . 
  nope . 
  thank you !, 
  it does n't surprise me , that you 're so wrong again . 
  i am someone 's authority and i 'm not your mate . 
  how many times can you be wrong in one sentence , jeez . 
  and you wasted your time , just to tell me that i 'm not your authority ? 
  well , i do n't care , but thank you , i guess ... you 're strange . 
  and you are wrong . 
  it was n't my ` decision ' . 
  it 's the only thing i can say about his views as he did n't say anything rational or essential to support his views so i only could compare his nothing to my knowledge . 
  the result is , that he 's wrong . 
  i could gladly discuss this topic with him , but : - he did n't provide any arguments - i do n't respect him anymore as a discutant after he used ad hominem insults as an argument in discussion which made me not interested in further interaction with this person that 's why all i can say is that he 's wrong , however it 's not a decision . 
  excuse me , i do n't essentially answer to ad hominem becouse i somehow ca n't respect people who ca n't resist themselves from insulting other people just becosue they have different views . 
  your anger is n't saying anything about me , christian culture , your country but it does say a lot about you and i 'm not interested . 
  nope , you are european , you 're just wrong , that 's all . 
  i see yours and vice versa . 
  good day . 
  i do n't have to much time , so excuse me that i 'll just paste a link , but pretty much this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_culture having a christian cultural background is to have your mind , behaviour and your sense of beauty shaped strongly with the influece of christian culture , as described in the wiki . 
  i ca n't see how someone can be european if he does n't see beauty and does n't value christian culture . 
  that 's how i personally see it . 
  do n't ask me . 
  i do n't care what religion their ancestors 400 years ago had . 
  depends in which parts of albania ( i was travelling there some time ago and this small country is really diverse in it 's beauty ) , but yes , most of the country is populated with people that does n't have european mindsets according to how i personally see it . 
  however , most of albanians , have some christian cultural background becouse they 're living in a mixed ethnically and culturally area . 
  it 's not something completely alien to them , like in saudi arabia . 
  besides , islam is n't that strong there yet . 
  it makes them pretty much a mix of everything . 
  i do n't believe that , becouse in my opinion to be european also means to have christian cultural background . 
  different ideologies obviously shapes different mindsets . 
  but that 's only my opinion , it 's just something i personally believe . 
  we do n't need to blur that , becouse moscow is in the european part of russia . 
  offtopic : greece actually is sinking . 
  yes , both are identical when it comes to judge if something is or is n't indoctrinating children . 
  that does n't mean they are equal when it comes to judge which values are better or worse . 
  maybe it is better to make those children think they 're catalans and not spaniards , or maybe the opposite is better , or maybe even making them emotionally connected to both identities is the better solution . 
  i heard that iii reich was nazi . 
  i also heard that iii reich = european union . 
  that means nazism is what we have in eu . 
  it seems quite fine , if you ask me !, 
  ^ / s ^ just ^ in ^ fucking ^ case, 
  xix age photography needed longer exposure times . 
  you had to stand still for a good while . 
  i do n't . 
  people who are loosing hearts and minds of these children for somebody else have a problem . 
  this is so naive in so many ways . 
  i 'm going to stick just to one thing : indoctrination of children is something that every society is doing , all the time , since always . 
  it 's part of being socialized . 
  people call it indoctrination only when they do n't agree with values that are pushed , people who are indoctrinating or they do n't agree with ways of this indoctrination being made .
