  what 's next . 
  divide and conquer . 
  muslims cleansed all the middle east from christians . 
  crusades were just a tiny attempt in trying to get back or preserve a tiny bit of what has been lost . 
  the mob always and everywhere was thinking in an emotive way . 
  territories do n't share equal economic , demographic or political weight and this weight is n't constant in time . 
  eastern europe had enough weight to change french-german leading model of how eu was working into german-leading model as germany became more important after the 2004 eu extension becouse of their economic meaning for these new members . 
  the only way france can get back it 's meaning is to grow their own potential faster ( hard , long way ) or to cut the meaning of eastern europe in some way ( quick , fast way ) . 
  germany is like a bride here , flooded with proposals . 
  saudi arabia was deliberately developing riyad from a 50k desert town into a close to 5mln good looking metropolis becouse it 's in the middle of the country . 
  washington dc was in the middle when usa were created , but now when california is getting bigger and bigger in terms of economy and population i would n't be surprised if california would start seeking ways for making more assertive policies at some point . 
  moscow was more optimal when russia controlled ukraine and the baltics but even today it 's in the range of where the russian demographic and economic core is . 
  when it comes to really old power centres , you need to add other restrictive factors , like good access to the river or a port becouse it was better to trade by the river , water was really crucial ( and in many ways still is ) for all kinds of reasons . 
  what i mean is that today , britain would choose a different location for their capital , especially after ww2 experience , if london did n't grew so enormous already . 
  poland moved the capital from cracow to warsaw becouse after marriage with lithuania , the centre of power moved north-east . 
  eu expanding eastward made the geopolitical centre of the eu move eastward which at the end means that france became less important and germany became more important . 
  what 's that smoke far away to the right ? 
  another test ? 
  paris seemed to be very messy outside the tourist spots . 
  or maybe just normal , but the contrast hits you at this point . 
  you stated  he gains nothing from this which is an idiotic statement . 
  your point is wrong in the first place and it was easy to prove . 
  i ignored your question becouse if you 'd read carefully , you would know that i already answered it . 
  he gained voters which nobody else wanted becouse he speaks their languge and won elections over the most influencial office in the world . 
  i 'm surprised that people here are so willing to believe in politician 's words . 
  imho believing in a politician 's word - in this case `` bunch of people in the german government '' is n't smart . 
  well , at least it is n't a scientific approach . 
  a word in politician 's mouth is always a tool , hardly ever a dogma . 
   a bit of a showman though every politician is also an actor and a public creation . 
  and you 're right . 
  what 's surprising is that so many people are constantly falling for it , they 're judging a man based on his public creation . 
  they did n't even think for a second that ` hey , this guy has a pretty good position in the society , ergo - he ca n't be stupid ' . 
  yes , he has a very simple , plebeian way of talking - when the doors are n't closed . 
  i do n't know what 's his style in a business deal making situation , probably not that bad since he managed to run a big business and managed to successfully choose and organise people in his campaign . 
  oh god , you 're judging talks between politicians behind closed door based on media-talk for the mob . 
  most politicians are very intelligent , not always wise , but intelligent . 
  yes , those we do n't agree with too . 
  otherwise they would n't be where they are . 
  we did n't occupy your land . 
  it 's you occupying our !, 
  no , sorry . 
  i had property taxes on my mind . 
  but we always have been taxing wealth , like land , house . 
  i might put it wrongly . 
  in my opinion , the cultural background of your country will gradually change as time passes and you 'll receive more south-east asian immigrants . 
  australia ended `` white australia '' policy in 1973 and you 're a 24 million country neighbouring 4 billion people nearby . 
  and besides ... common money sooner or later follows common alliance if this will be the case . 
  yes . 
  but you 're trying to be chinese bitch lately and i believe you 're going to choose this path more often in the future . 
  there 's going to be a point in history where you 're going to have to choose and money will probably be the dominant factor . 
  personal income tax is n't efficient as well . 
  in this case it 's better to tax wealth , not the income . 
  are n't new zealand and australia more interested in the anglosphere and cooperation with china ? 
  tbh i do n't see australia getting away from the economic , military and at the end - cultural - influence of south-eastern asia . 
  imho australia will once become something like singapore , but big . 
  yes , berlin is a name originated from slavic languages too . 
  quite a few know that names of places in eastern germany are very often slavic-rooted . 
  but not that many know that this is also the case in eastern bavaria . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavaria_slavica https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/plik:slavs_west_territory_limes_sorabicus.jpg, 
  in 1500s it 's still the southern european cities that dominated politically and economically the continent . 
  coffins . 
  western allies waiting until soviets and germany spill some blood between them before they join were n't really the angels either . 
  u.k. and u.s. were very cynical during that war . 
  i do n't see it this way . 
  i did n't say he is . 
  but i do n't see him deserving a statue either . 
  not becouse he 's not responsible for those atrocities ( becouse a lot of bad guys has statues anyway ) but becouse his ideas were wrong . 
  even his influence od modern economy is n't that big as some often think . 
  you did n't show anything becouse you did n't even adressed any of my points not to mention your lack of any argumentation . 
  the only thing you 've proven is that all that you 're capable of is your stupid groaning and that you 're not worth anyone 's time . 
  and that 's why i repeat this simple ( but somehow it 's too hard for you ) message : if you 're not having anything essential to add to this discussion , then do n't waste my time , leave me the fuck alone and go troll elsewhere . 
   i think both situations are utopias . 
  both are just models . 
   a balanced between a free market and workers rights is the ideal scenario . 
  and these societies dominate in our world , they 're the most adapted . 
  i agree with your first point , but not with the second . 
  capitalism is more natural becouse when it 's competing with other form of governing it usually takes the lead in economic development . 
  we may differ in understanding what is natural . 
  to me , something more natural means something is more adapted , and we know that becouse that population/economy/development is growing faster and bigger . 
  communism is uneffective and therefore less adapted , less natural for a human being to live , work , grow . 
  but i 'm not a fan of libertarianism or extreme-capitalism as well , for the same reasons , economy is n't the only field in which society develops or competes . 
  till the status quo change . 
  for example , old monarchies lost after late xix century and ww1 in europe and next generations were and are living in democracies or democratic monarchies , where the monarch is n't having any power . 
  we can say that the result of those old struggles is pretty much the death of the ancien regime and it 's the democrats who were laughing last in that context . 
  that does n't mean that democrats are having the last laught globally and forever , but only in the late xix age context , becouse even if monarchy will ever come back to power , it wo n't be the old ancien regime anyway . 
  in a similiar way i 'm analyzing if in the next status quo we 'll be living in an eu or are we going back to nation states . 
  maybe he did n't have atrocities of mao or stalin in mind but communism being fucked up as a whole ? 
  imho the only way communism can work is with people like stalin or mao or with a machine , becouse without strict rules , the system starts sliding back to capitalism as a more natural form of human enviroment . 
  you said `` eastern countries '' like there was n't a lepen in a `` western country '' getting fucking 36 % votes 2 days ago . 
  if you think i 'm not providing any argumentation then why you 've answered me in the first place with your stupid groaning ? 
  you picked on me , not vv , you were interested in this interaction , i 'm not after this nothing that you 've shown , so seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
   who is the last one to laugh ? 
  it depends if we 're analyzing some kind of historical framework or history as a whole . 
  what you 're now doing is useless , becouse we 're analyzing where will we be in few years ahead . 
  no , nothing like that . 
  you 're not providing any argumentation . 
  typical . 
  if you 're not having anything essential to add to this discussion then do n't waste my time . 
  it can be , it depends if the reader 's structure reflects russian society , like in poll reasearch . 
  trump 's win does n't meet putin 's expectations anyway .
