  the same government that surrendered , and the same that deported jews to death camps . 
  it was n't . 
  even if the people were the same , they were working for a different state with different system and it 's the state responsibility about we 're talking about . 
  the government was working in a different condition of a different state , where petain was granted dictatorship powers under new ( later judged as illegal ) constitutional law . 
   the french government made the nazis `` responsible '' when it surrendered . 
  the same government stayed in power when the jews got deported to death camps . 
  it 's the same government from before the nazi occupation . 
  no , the french government never made nazi germany responsible , nazi germany took the responsibility by itself when nazi germany decided to occupy half of france , with paris where the tragic events took place - included . 
  i repeat , even if vichy was a legal , sovereign french state to you ( and therefore making france able to take responsibility ) , it was n't controlling paris and this fact alone makes it nazi german responsibility . 
   you keep calling it illegitimate . 
  when did it become illegitimate ? 
  when the constitutional law of 1940 was passed . 
  this constitutional change was judged as illegal and annulled with the law of 9 august 1944 that declared it null and void . 
   the government did n't change when the nazis invaded france . 
  but it was a government that was working for a different , unsoveregn state . 
   all your arguments are based on a straw-man theory of a `` puppet state '' . 
  it 's not a theory . 
  it 's the legal status of events . 
  you 're making up `` theories '' mixing state with people , state with country , just to blame french state , where as all legal reasons says clearly that it 's nazi germany responsibility . 
   there was no puppet state , unless you call the french government from before the war a `` puppet state '' . 
  there was a french puppet state , it was called vichy state and the fact that it consisted people who were earlier serving iii republic is n't important . 
  all this however does n't matter much , becouse this state did n't even control territory where the discussed events took place and post-war france was a legal continuation of iii republic and not vichy state which constitutional change of 1940 was judged as illegal . 
   after being appointed premier by president albert lebrun , marshal p\u00e9tain ordered the french government 's military representatives to sign an armistice with germany on 22 june 1940 . 
   these people were the same that were running france before the occupation . 
  i 'm must mention that you 've ignored all other arguments , but okay , anyway : that does n't change anything that i said . 
  vichy france was n't a sovereign state but a puppet state with goverment loyal to nazi germany . 
  it does n't matter if those were the same people or not , it 's their decisions made this state what it was . 
  post-ww1 poland was made by people who were serving austria or russia before 1918 , but it 's their decisions that made this state not-austria and not-russia . 
  we 're talking about state-ordered and maintained decision . 
  it was maintained by nazi germany and nazi germany puppet state - vichy . 
  i 'm not denying facts , you are ignoring my arguments which are crucial for the whole case . 
  becouse even if - and i see it as stupid - but even if vichy france is a sovereign french state to you , then even then this vichy france did n't control the territory of paris , which was in nazi germany occupied zone , which makes it german responsibility for these events . 
   france did n't stop existing . 
  as a sovereign french state it obviously did and iv republic was a legal continuation of iii republic , not vichy ( as a matter of fact vichy politicians were accused and put to trial for treason - what does that tell about vichy being a sovereign state ? 
  answer : that it was n't a french sovereign state ) . 
  as an unsovereign state it was n't responsible for crimes made on territories that it did n't hold in the first place and that 's where these events happened , in the occuped zone and that , according to hague convention iv and pure logic as well makes it nazi germany responsibility when we 're talking about state-level responsibility . 
   bro , you 're arguing semantics . 
  not at all . 
  you 're just not seeing a crucial difference there is here , downplaying it as nazi germany occupation was `` just another government '' . 
  i do n't agree with your view on this at all . 
   the people were the same as before and stayed the same after the occupation . 
  and the people 's responsibility is n't the thing i 'm denying here . 
  are you even reading my posts ? 
  -_-  a country can not dismiss responsibility for the atrocities it committed by saying that there was a puppet government in place during that time . 
  yes it can , and it 's justified becouse a country , understood as sovereign state did n't exist at the time the crimes were being made on given territory . 
   governments change constantly even under democracy . 
  a government change is something normal in a state . 
  we 're talking about a case when the state stopped existing . 
   future governments have to take the responsibility upon themselves in order to prevent such things from happening again . 
  they should n't take responsibility if they , or their legal predecessor simply were n't responsible for the crime becouse they did n't even exist nor control given territory , just like hague convention iv states . 
  t  if france is not responsible for executing the roundup , then who is ? 
  i said it many times before , are you even trying ? 
  on the state level it 's of course nazi germany responsibility , just like the hague convention iv says about occupying force . 
   citizens did not execute the roundup . 
  citizens organized a resistance while the vichy government obbeyed nazi orders . 
  they did . 
  seems you do n't know much after these events after all . 
  the operation was backed by about 3500 volunteers . 
   was n't the vichy government a french government ? 
  where they not french living and governing france from france ? 
  it was n't a sovereign french state , but a puppet state governed by people loyal to a foreign state , nazi germany . 
  also it was n't a legal predecessor of the iv republic . 
   why did they execute nazi orders while others were organizing the resistance ? 
  why did n't they join the resistance and force the nazis to run things themselves ? 
  becouse they were loyal to nazi germany , not france which proves my point . 
   france surrendered . 
  it willingly accepted nazi rule . 
  surrender does n't mean that someone is willingly accepting nazi rule . 
  it also means that there 's no sense in continuing a fight becouse there 's very low probability of winning . 
   everything after that is their responsibility since the nazi orders were carried out by french people who made up the french government . 
  french people who were loyal to nazi germany , who governed a puppet state , not a sovereign state and which the state did n't even directly control the territory where it happened and a state which did n't have legal continuation in after-war france , so nope . 
   they willingly did this while others were forming the resistance . 
   why did n't they join the resistance and force the nazis to govern france themselves ? 
  becouse they were loyal to nazi germany , not france which proves my point . 
  we 're talking about france as a state responsibility , i do n't deny people 's responsibility . 
   nevertheless , sympathy towards russians through years was ( ' 12-34 % , ' 13-31 % , ' 14-25 % , ' 15-22 % , ' 16-20 % , ' 17-31 % ) . 
  similarly , antipathy peaked in ' 15 - '16 at 50 % level then came back to '13 level of 38-39 % . 
  that 's kinda strange , why ? 
  i mean , drop in attitude after ukrainian events was understandable , the perceived warming however is a bit weird . 
  i 've noticed that too . 
  i do n't have any real data on this , but i have this impression that poles are n't afraid that much of russia eventual invasion on ukraine as they were afraid when ukrainian events were on tv every day few years ago . 
  no matter what people say about ukraine and how bad their government is , the fact is that ukraine managed to get away from russian sphere of influence and russia did lost ( well , msot of ) ukraine in a geopolitical sense . 
  in 2014 and maybe even in 2015 people were rather convinced that ukraine will fell under russian control again and for example join eau , eventually becoming a kind of belarus politically . 
  it did ` psychologically ' move russian thread to the east compared to the feeling people might had , when putin started talking about `` novorossiya '' in 2014 . 
  add to this russian economic issues , which lowered the threat feeling . 
  add lukashenko 's eye-blinking to the west . 
  it all just calmed down and the perspective changed . 
  i 'm personally more afraid of russian implosion that russian invasion . 
  it 's more probable ( imho ) and i 'm not happy about it at all , becouse the level of chaos and political pressure in cee would be enormous and we 'd be massively hit by this situation . 
  that does n't change my point . 
   and for that the pope issued a formal public apology becouse vatican is the legal continuation of the medieval papal state . 
  modern france is n't the legal continuation of puppet vichy france where there 's a general consensus that it was a german puppet state . 
  those are different situations . 
  if anything , your argument proves my point , becuse it 's the vatican who said sorry about crimes that were being done under the puppet kingdom in jerusalem , not modern israel , just like germany is responsible for crimes done on territory that germany was controlling , not france as a state . 
   did france cease to exist during the occupation ? 
  as a sovereign state ? 
  yes . 
  as a state holding territory in paris ? 
  yes . 
   france during the occupation was the only france .
