  ignoring primitive ad hominem insults that does n't consist any argumentation . 
  i can change my mind if proven wrong . 
  by insults or `` no one i 've met says that '' ( and those are apparently all argumentation that my `` discutants '' are having ) you wo n't prove any point , beside that you 're an asshole that ca n't stand that someone is saying something you do n't like or feel uncomfortable with . 
  not yet , us , but it 's there somewhere . 
  nothing in this world is everlasting . 
   if the baltics would want to join this hypothetical euro nato , they will be allowed to join , end of discussion . 
  you did n't really prove your point , the argument `` no one i 've met says that '' is not an argument at all . 
  so it 's not an end of discussion to me . 
  i still hold my views . 
   the problem was not turmoil in russia , but consolidation of power and creation of brutal totalitarian state with objective of global domination . 
  it seems you did n't read my whole post . 
  not russia as one state ( which in my opinion is n't the best thing for russians themselves as human beings ) . 
  that 's probably true , however technology should and partly did soften the opression . 
   what 's the point of a military alliance if only members that are not likely to have a war be in it . 
  rationality that should make you avoid potential unnecessary risk ? 
  why go for a war if you do n't have to ? 
  military alliances are n't some charity . 
  it 's business . 
  and what do you have in return ? 
  why insurance companies will cost you more if you 're having a risky job ? 
  why insurance for hiking in mountains is cheaper than insurance including climbing ? 
  the same reason why estonia would n't rather be included in european nato and why israel is n't in nato . 
  `` we 're not romania '' . 
  these words from such a figure would shocked me or at least disgusted me few years ago . 
  it 's not about the fact of the conflict itself , but about the possibility of a potential conflict in the future . 
  i do n't think baltics would be included anyway . 
  by the same reasons why israel is n't in nato . 
  you 're generalising and over-simplyfying . 
  i 'm from ee and i 'm more afraid that russia will start disintegrating , which would have devastating short-term after-effects in the region , especially for our economies . 
  also , destabilized heartland is a very dangerous thing for ee becouse in such conditions it 's easy for an aggressive force to rise there . 
  then it usually goes west ( mongols , soviets and so on ) . 
  russia disintegrated in 1917 , end where did that put us ? 
  besides , fear from invasion does n't have to mean , that the afraid person thinks russia is strong , often invasion is a result of internal weakness . 
  that 's why protestantism started . 
  the rulers wanted to control the church so they could gain more power in their societies . 
  in most cases it ended with the destruction of state-church institutional separation , which was a catholic thing . 
  then columbus would n't swim west . 
  the reason was that europeans lost influence in trade as islam conquered those territories and especially when ottoman empire was built . 
  but i do n't think you can put an equal sign between `` the west '' nad those christians that once dominated middle east . 
  imagine , that christians were once majority in iraq . 
  those christians are a civilisation that died out after muslim conquests and it has little to do with the west understood as a geopolitical construct . 
  that culture has had a completely local context . 
  it 's rather the other way around , the west was higly influenced by middle east , becouse of christianity . 
  are you like 14 , or something ? 
  becouse this is the level of argumentation and ignorance you 're presenting . 
  do n't feel offended ( too much ) , it 's just that i 'm feeling like it 's 2003 when reading you . 
  did you actually read the book ? 
  becouse it 's in large part against your claims . 
  no , it 's well put . 
  in my opinion it 's temporary . 
  religious people are having much more kids . 
  present scandinavian culture is n't offering much to a viking personality . 
  if i would have to define protestantism with one word , it would be exaggeration . 
  protestants interpret christiany in the choosen way and then go all the way to the ultimate limit , becoming ultra-pures in the direction once obeyed . 
  after that , the pendulum swings back and backfires their churches which start to be in many ways the opposite thing to the reasons why these churches were established ( mainly , to be pure as fuck , now becoming as liberal as they can be ) . 
  the catholic church on the other hand , becouse of its centralised structure , constantly needs to search for compromises between all those fractions inside the church to cut schismas . 
  it makes it more lukewarm as more and more traditions rise inside the cc during the ages . 
  i 'm having a good laugh at those `` experts '' from newspapers who wrote that trump wo n't do much in his first year , becouse he would have to focus on cleaning up america from the obama legacy . 
  we had some fights but poles always seen many good sides in turkey becouse it was seen as a geopolitical counterweight against russia ( to some extent ) . 
  some romantic writers even went there fought there , these references are present in our literature . 
  your and ours nobility basically melted into commonwealth nobility . 
  in the east , nobles with ruthenian or lithuanian roots were even the majority of the higher nobility after they decided to get polonized to gain influence and power in the country . 
  the whole commonwealth thing started as a personal union becoue your prince decided to marry a polish queen and become our king . 
  it was a political deal , pushed by the nobility , however after few decades it was hard to tell who is a polish , ruthenian or lithuanian nobility . 
  even few tatar families got into being part of our nobility after they integrated into that society . 
  v4 has a geopolitical sense only in relation with our western partners . 
  when it comes to russia , our interests differ . 
  you can often hear a common v4 voice on things related with eu issues , hardly ever on what russia does . 
  and i do n't blame anyone . 
  it 's how geography works . 
  often ? 
  yeah , i know that , i 'm not the one having problem with that . 
  i do n't know why are you being downvoted for just telling a fact . 
  the catholic church will never allow gay marriages . 
  deal with it , people . 
  probably the context in which the words were put . 
  how much does a church have to have in common with other lutherans to be accepted as lutheran . 
  is n't spain doing better lately ? 
  becouse all immigrants are the same . 
  what for ? 
  so they can become bigoted atheists ? 
  most atheists and non-atheists as well have no idea about how evolution works despite some general understanding which is usually wrong . 
  i know , but it 's not how it works . 
  no normal person wants war . 
  but they happen . 
  your loss, 
  no , it is n't if you 're smart enough . 
  i pretty much , more or less , in a general sense predicted what will happen in global politics a decade ago . 
  the only thing that really surprised me is how fast it 's happening . 
  1 . yet 2 . 
  i did n't say it ever will and i do n't think there ever ( in predictable future ) be a british empire 2.0 . 
  a tail ca n't wag a dog . 
  c . this was a false 180 becouse those are two approaches towards two different unions . 
  england staying in eu ensured that eu is an unsteerable block that stabilizes the continent but at the same time is unable to develop into something more . 
  with england , the main brakesman , being outside , us ca n't risk that the eu will integrate into something more . 
  one hybrid-empire challenge at a time is enough . 
  i agree , however , their decision will be based on calculations including current trends and the fact that the presidential term in russia is 6 years . 
   influential political donors looted the place with the help of russian insiders  human catastrophe for russia , which was faciliated by the west . 
  those are your opinions which are n't facts to me as you still did n't bother to prove it or explain how this mechanism worked . 
  becouse of that it seems to me that 's something you choose to believe , not something you really have knowledge about .
