  i 'm sure british establishment knows that , and they will decide to leave eu only if they 're sure that it 's the end for the whole of it . 
  and they have full and absolute right to see this mess as a confirmation . 
  first of all , do n't call people ` scum ' only becouse they have other views than you have , try to be more tolerant towards other people and their opinions . 
  second , that 's very cute , but your argument has null value . 
  why ? 
  becouse if someone was wrong or partially wrong about something does n't implicate someone else being partially wrong or wrong on something different . 
  such implication does not function in nature . 
  they 're against eu . 
  everyone who is against eu is pro-russian . 
  for russia as a power the existence of eu as something geopolitically coherent is a death sentence . 
  europe of nations with no common policy is something that russia can easly compete with by setting one country at variance against another . 
  it does n't matter if those nationalists are aware or not about this fact . 
  becouse it 's not what refugees want and becouse of that it wo n't stop them from coming . 
  they want your wealth , cars , flats , phones , benefits , if possible by doing nothing when they finally get there . 
  you can let them taking all that from you or you can stop them from coming here by force . 
  no other options left in short-term , in long term - only stabilizing and rebuilding their countries can fix this ... or turning your country into a place , where they do n't want to come . 
  most of central or eastern europeans really does n't care if they 're named central or eastern . 
  i do n't know where this stereotype came from , polandball ? 
  how is it even possible that you ca n't understand , that if you stop the migrant flood in italy and greece then there 's no calais problem anymore becouse all that people at calais came across southern and south-eastern europe . 
  tell me , how ? 
  if eu falls apart , then intermarium is the only existing plan b for central-eastern europe . 
  pisis is gaining popularity lately . 
  what is that lion 's share in numbers ? 
  most of us work in the union , for example - most of us in poland , but there are also some that work and live in usa or australia . 
  you know ... single opinions does n't matter , it 's not an objective measure . 
  i think they 've lost the left-liberal parts of the electorate that were naive enough to believe that pis stopped being pis and that it 's just a little bit conservative left ( social benefits ) . 
  yeah , most of those people probably are n't supporting them anymore and so the polls say . 
  but those hard 25 % -30 % and especially the extra hard 18 % -25 % that they 've always had are going to stay for a while . 
  of course i may be wrong , but those people just do n't think . 
  they only repeat what niezale\u017cna or wpolityce wrote , again and again . 
  i agree that higher titles are very unequal but then again , in average terms - even poor higher education is still better than none . 
  i know that there are people with knowledge and without higher education , i know such people myself , but there 's not to many of them . 
  of course the poor and uneducated will feel it the most , but it will take some time before they realise that . 
  sure , but ... hey , man , it 's a joke , a joke , 
  could you please leave me ? 
  i 'm not interested in a discussion that 's based on sending each other ` funny jpgs ' , i 'm not interested in teaching you anything , i want you to be the way you are forever and ever becouse that 's all that you deserve to be and finally - i 'm not interested in your opinion about yourself . 
  i guess business is done here , so get off . 
  clear ? 
  i knew some ass-pain is going to show up , but why so serious ? 
  btw , it was n't the end , iii reich and ussr were partitioned as well when their time came . 
  so typical . 
  this joke is n't popular nowdays , i remember it from my youth , we had 65000 russian soldiers till 1993 . 
  you wish . 
  we 've got that joke as well , 
  typical . 
  why did poles shoot first at germans , then at russians during ww2 ? 
  it 's business before pleasure . 
  as nieuchwytnyuchwyt said , i think they 're voting despite their leader not becouse of him . 
  besides that , korwin electorate is one of the most unstable , those people want to vote for a conservative liberal party which korwin is but they escape from it , as soon as any alternative shows up . 
  that the turnout was very high in 2007 after pis was in charge . 
  i wrote it in the post , which part of that sentence you ca n't understand ? 
  i do n't argue with the fact that pis got 2 millions more in 2007 , they got the electorate flow of samoobrona and lpr , parties that were marginalised during pis period . 
  2005 elections had 40,6 % and that 54 % was the highest number in the history of the third republic . 
  thanks , but ... i 'll be fine , i 've got a pretty good situation and profession , it 's those idiots , my countrymen , i 'm worried about . 
  you know , those people that every personal failure they 've made is ` government fault ' . 
  we 've got tons of those people . 
  what the hell man , where did i say that ? 
  stop putting words into my mouth . 
  i clearly said that stupid ( pis ) voters elected stupid party . 
  nothing more . 
  that number is usually pretty low . 
  it was however very high after last time pis was in charge . 
  i did n't say that . 
  nowoczesna voters are less stupid than pis voters , psl , kukiz are more stupid than pis voters . 
  we can argue about why nowoczesna economic program is not stupid and pis program is stupid if you like to . 
  in the meantime we can check how stupid each voting group are by setting up the correlation between votes added and invalid votes added . 
  what we get ? 
  psl 57,33 % kukiz 17,91 % pis 13,22 % zlew 7,39 % po -18,93 % razem -45,03 % nrp -59,09 % korwin -70,42 % based on the ability of voters to fill a voting card , psl , kukiz , pis have the most stupid voters . 
  korwin , nowoczesna , razem are the most smart ones . 
  those results pretty much correlate with shares of people with higher education voting for each party . 
  pis , kukiz , psl had an overrepresentation of people with lower education . 
  all is lost now :( , stupid people elected stupid party . 
  it 's not , where did he get that 90 % , where did he get the share figures ? 
  the infographic does not support his view , it 's pis talk . 
  you 're so right on this . 
  a world without a dominant power is much more chaotic but that 's where we 're heading and there is n't enough people that realise this fact to stop it . 
  if so , what can we do to increase security ? 
  is running forward to a european nato is the way ? 
  becouse there is no will of doing it in the eu . 
  of course they do . 
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airsea_battle and this comment : * http://yalejournal.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/yjia-summer-vol8-issue2-final-a5-etzioni-copy.pdf the fact that you have trouble with accepting it does n't change anything . 
  if there is no dominant power , there is competition with high possibility of war and if you 're helping to create a world without the dominant power , then you 're partly responsible for the after-effects . 
  maybe that 's why you ca n't accept it despite your only argument , you 've managed to find ` your imagination is running wild ' which is n't any argument at all . 
  yes , downvoting me will surely make your ` point ' more true  ) ), 
  ok , just have in mind that a world without a dominant power leads to world war iii or at least cold war ii and that means things will go much less liberal than they were in the 90 's , 00 's and 10 's . 
  there is no other way . 
  if you 're comfortable with that , then sure , china is a good partner for europe . 
  there 's nobody that a pole hates more than another pole having different opinion on politics . 
  big chance that this pole is n't even polish according to the first pole . 
  welfare electorate was taken over by the ` right ' . 
  marine le pen is racist ? 
  how exactly do you know that ? 
  depends on which level of integration . 
  about 25-65 % ( depends on country ) of european muslims have radical views . 
  nuclear reactors failures does n't happen that often as muslim terrorist attacks . 
  yes , you 're right , not every opinion deserves to be respected . 
  you even do n't know who elects the president of the european parliament , you clearly do n't know what a ` representative of the state ' is and you 're still talking your bullshit despite those facts . 
  after that you 're blatant to a point in which you demand respect for the crap you spit out of your mouth ? 
  it wo n't happen . 
  i offended you becouse you deserved it and there 's no point getting into discussion with someone that lacks basic knowledge , that is - with an idiot .
