  they both have interest in keeping the hybrid empires low . 
  geopolitics are giving two-three options here . 
  1 ) there will be integrated western europe , integrated intermatium and then weak russia 2 ) integrated western union ends on current eastern polish borders , similiar to the shape of napoleonic europe and then there 's stronger russia , probably having baltics and of course ukraine . 
  south-eastern europe can join intermarium if there is one , seak support in russia if it 's willing to support them or obey the growing turkey . 
  with no us around , we 're back in the old game . 
  in my opinion , if there 's no intermarium in this situation , then central europe sooner or later will be played out and divided between turkey , russia and ` the west ' . 
  not literally , but in the ` who dominates who ' way . 
  you realise that even then you 're voting ? 
  that 's how mathematics work , if you do n't vote , you 're supporting the side that has the most determined electorate . 
  low turnout is in her interest becouse it 's not her electorate that will leave the voting . 
  if you wo n't vote in second turn , you 're de facto supporting le pen  . 
  most of the old buildings are n't renowated so you can easly get depressed there much more than you can be depressed in a new , clean , modern building . 
  besides , ` conrecte wasteland ' is n't the only option you get when choosing your project . 
  todays ` modern ' buildings are usually more post-modern , than modern , it 's a completely different philosophy . 
  take from modernism the good things , search in tradition for the rest . 
  fitting into architectural context is again important but being useful is also important . 
  as modernism was a brutal force , post-modernism is a bridge between historical architecture , modern architecture and nature . 
  it has bad sides . 
  you ca n't easly define post-modern architecture becouse there as much sub-styles of it , as post-modern architects there are . 
  this is a good example of what post-modern architecture is about : http://www.skyscrapernews.com/images/pics/5537portcullishouse_pic2.jpg, 
  thanks, 
  and pretty much every single 21 old around here knew what will be the final results . 
  it 's a geopolitical law since napoleonic times . 
  the dominant sea empire allies with the dominant land empire against the growing hybrid empire . 
  you 're right in a big part , but that does n't change the fact , than american century have n't ended becouse trump won . 
  it 's not how it works . 
  i did n't say he was  . 
  yes , however i value van der rohe much more . 
  imho this pic is about modernism replacing traditional architecture in our landscape . 
  not necessarily in a dramatic way , however le corbusier had a plan , to demolish whole paris centre and then put some of his concrete boxes . 
  le corbusier was also an european architect . 
  `` already '' ? 
  modernism is a style that dominated architectural trends in 1918-1975 . 
  people in renaissance times looked at the gothic style the same way you 're looking at modernism . 
  they named it gothic , to show how barbaric it was . 
  the whole text is written by some kind of mental , exaggerated teenager . 
  no , there are n't . 
  if you want to be protected by someone , be valuable to someone . 
  they did n't forgive the last one and here we are in eu . 
  but i do n't see a reason to wait for it . 
  it 's pretty much the only way to provide safety around here after u.s will left as western europe does n't care and even if they did , they 're going to be busy with their muslim immigrants . 
  i always thought v4 has no sense when it comes to russia . 
  v4 has a common ground only towards western partners . 
  ukrainian-polish-baltic-romanian v4 would be much better when it comes to dealing with eastern partners . 
  however this is strange , historically romania should be like most behind-carpathian or balkan countries , seeking in russia counterweight against growing turkey and moldova would be that anti-russian romania as they 're more geographically threatened by russia . 
  a drop in hdi : yes , one of the biggest : http://ww.rrojasdatabank.info/hdrp_2010_40.pdf, 
  yes , of course , it 's the change that causes anger . 
  if you 're locking up your door all your life , then you 're not angry about it . 
  if you needed to start doing that lately , you will be . 
  afd is more voteable becouse it 's not having the nsdap stigma so much , it 's only going to grow , especially now , after they let in all those middle-east immigrants which of course are going to cause anger in more and more germans and mainstream parties will of course answer the issue in a very limited , insufficient way or no way at all . 
  becouse it works ? 
  if you do n't know then read more carefully about the topic or person you 're commenting on . 
  she is being pushed by her electorate and fans to save europe from mass immigration from countries that does n't share european cultural background so the cultural shape of the continent which they value wo n't change with changing demographics . 
  the ` pushers ' are focused especially on muslim immigrants becouse they are seen as the ones having best chances in changing the culture of western europe in the way the highly oppose . 
  this is pretty much basic knowledge about her political movement , i 'm surprised that you do n't know that and despite that - you 're having an opinion . 
  yeah , and in all those countries right is on the rise , maybe with canada as an exception . 
  the ` more countries ' are no trend setters , they just want to fit in and if the core western leadership will change the leading glue-ideology , so will they . 
  and no , hollande is not a right-wing politician . 
  being unsuccessful or disliked does n't change that . 
  france will turn right in 2017 , we just do n't know how far right . 
  yep , that 's pretty much all of them and hollande has no support in country . 
  france will probably turn right in 2017 . 
  no , may is n't . 
  that 's only the ideological glue to unite ` the west ' into a geopolitical construct . 
  more important is the believe in the atlantic pax . 
  there are still prenty of them , but not many of them are leading powerful contries and germany is the most important country left that is still politically faithful in this religion . 
  thank you , cpt sweden !, 
  i heard lego was pretty fast heading towards bankruptcy until they invested in games . 
  kids do n't play with their bricks that much . 
  i do ... becouse i do n't have to pay for it as my workplace has a cafeteria plan . 
  weird ... but okay . 
  no need for a better one . 
  czechia has only nice stroll-mountains . 
  no , it 's completely arbitrary where europe ends . 
  it 's just a classification agreement that 's not obligatory and does n't mean much , becouse in fact , there is no natural , geographic border between asia and europe . 
  in geologic terms , both continents create single landmass , eurasia . 
  yes !, 
  that 's the way those people think xd . 
  which part is wrong and why ? 
  in terms of religion or languge turkish culture is n't based on european culture . 
  in terms of cousine or music , a lot of it is . 
  when you compare byzantine early music and turkish early music , they do n't differ much . 
  99 % of the surrounding population does n't want to kill you . 
  i know that islam is able to spread hate , but let 's not exaggerate . 
  defending yourself , your community , your family , with weapon , fighting included is n't behaving not like a christian . 
  i do n't have time for a long answer and short answer would be dissatisfying and misleading . 
  rotfl . 
  i 'm not pissed , what gave you that idea ? 
  i just simply proved that saying that `` almost all the turkish culture is based on the byzantine one '' is wrong . 
  and it 's wrong becouse the majority of main components of turkish culture are n't based on byzantine culture . 
  ifluenced ? 
  yes . 
  based ? 
  far from it . 
  and the fact that turks took some words from greek is n't giving a right to say `` turkish culture on the field of language is based on greek '' . 
   almost all the turkish culture is based on the byzantine one what ? 
  language ? 
  not . 
  religion ? 
  not .
