  previous prussian monarchs done it after partitions of poland . 
  they 've took greater poland , warmia , dobrzyn land and other parts . 
  in fact , after the partitions , before prussian loses to russia , about 50 % of population of prussia were in fact poles . 
  that changed becouse prussia lost some parts and becouse of german settlement on those lands during the time , when prussia and later - germany controlled those territories . 
  it did n't change the fact , that those regions remained a colony in bismarck times , and that all that time it remained with polish majority . 
  it 's a very poor definition . 
  it makes only europeans able to make colony from others which is nonsense . 
  colonialism : 1 . the control or governing influence of a nation over a dependent country , territory , or people . 
  well , this stereotype is true so learn your lesson and do n't talk shit about poles or you 'll get downvoted and told what 's the truth ;-), 
  yes he did . 
  germanisation of polish lands taken earlier by prussia was intensified in bismarck times . 
  there 's a large part of auto-irony in that , i hoped it 's quite clear . 
  he 's rather comparing nationalists to islamists . 
  those groups are similiar in many ways and the point was that as islamists , nationalists can gain importance . 
  well , we had to deal with teutonic order , prussia , ii reich , iii reich , tsarist russia , soviet russia , ottoman empire and others ... and where are they now ? 
  why fertilise a foreign land for free . 
  nonsense . 
  where are we going to burry them all . . 
  something , something ... belgian houses . 
  everything is biased more or less , but i would avoid those sources that are aggressive towards something and openly taking sides . 
  it means that they focus more on their opponent and less on the informative aspect . 
  it 's 5 years after the wwi when partitions period ended . 
  those cities were known more by their german names back then . 
  same thing in czechoslovakia , romania and yugoslavia which territories were partly under austrio-hungarian control before the war . 
  i would dv you for being a sissy over downvotes , but instead i 'm writing this . 
  nobody said it is . 
  enough . 
  it was . 
  but not in soviet times . 
  every couple years someone important says that and then nothing happens . 
  where does the nt says that ? 
  actually , it 's pretty quiet in churches and rather nobody is interrupting the priest , so actually , women and not only them pretty much obeyed to shut the fuck up in the church . 
  as well as we see many examples of murdering non-believers in islam , in india as well . 
  it seems everything matches :-), 
  no , it is n't even a source you can base any decent view on . 
  nothing more that extremely subjective impressions of one man . 
  you ca n't extract a single countable information from that . 
  first answer my question : what are the sources of your opinion other than ` me and my 10 friends ' ? 
  you 've got a link in the article to a second artice on pew sites which shares the same data and where the metodoly is explained on the last page . 
  yes , that 's why these researches did n't ask questions about their religious adherence , political affiliation or ethnicity , they 've asked questions about their attitude towards immigration . 
  who knows , maybe fn is as anti-eu as syriza ( once ) was . 
  what makes them biased ? 
  what makes them inexistant ? 
  becouse you said so ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  show me some research on which your opinion about the french opinion about the immigration is based , other than `` me and my 10 friends '' :-) ) still , there is absolutely no reason to believe you after what you ( did n't ) show . 
  i have to refuse , your opinion is against the facts . 
  people rag against their politicians almost everywhere and there are many nations , where they have a lot more to rag about than in france . 
  there are also many nations where situation worsen a lot more , than in france . 
  despite that , right wing populists have about 30 % in france , it 's more than populists from syriza had a year ago , when greece was in deep shit for a couple of years already . 
  besides , many different public opinion research centers are quite clear what does the french think about immigrants . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/05/14/in-europe-sentiment-against-immigrants-minorities-runs-high/ http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/jan/08/french-public-opinion-charlie-hebdo-attacks ... and there are many more . 
  you 're asking everyone you meet about their political views ? 
  probably not , i doubt that you actually know about the political views of more that 30-40 people right now . 
  about the rest you 're probably assuming that if someone is n't quite religious , does n't have a brown uniform and he 's quite neutral or freewheeling on every day basis - that he ca n't be a nf supporter and that would be the spot , where you 're making your error . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  the mainstream parties in france were unwilling to answer those issues , that concerned more and more french people every year , like mass immigration , especially from north africa countries . 
  so now they 're loosing with populists who probably will came with highly controversial ways of dealing with this issue . 
  but for the voters a bad solution is better than no solution at all . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  that 's why russia has much more better ratings in south-east europe than in north-east europe . 
  for them , russia was a counterweight for the turkish threat . 
  for north-eastern europe , russia was the threat , turkey was the counterweight ( for example , turkey was the only country nearby that did n't accept polish partitions ) . 
  in the soviet times , this might change , becouse even south-east europe had a taste of being culturally enriched by russia . 
  then again , it may go back , if turkey 's gon na get too strong . 
  you 're so emotional  . 
  if you 're able to gain and keep your size , you 're probably not wrong in most cases . 
  knowing does n't means makig differences between people , you need to make some further actions based on that knowledge to make any harm . 
  well , well , austrians do have a bit of a cee mentality after all , 
  kwa\u015bniewski is retired for good . 
  it 's impossible for him to catch up , besides , pis has his potential electorate . 
  his current job ends just when new parliamentary campaign should start . 
  in my opinion he 's got the potential to consolidate the opposition just when people will probably have enough of pis . 
  no , it 's the opposite . 
  there 's nothing left but wish you ` good luck !, 
  ' , western societies , 
  it already was told . 
  middle east was a christian place before it was conquered by muslims . 
  there 's no need to make another lesson of sweden , you just need to learn a little but of history . 
  we and cee approaches are on par , they 're just different . 
  we likes to have large groups of muslim people and cee does n't want that and nobody 's opinions should matter but those shared by citiziens of those countries . 
  it 's not about them being brown , imputing that this is the case is very dishonest/shortsighted . 
  it 's about them being under particular ideology , in this case - islam . 
  this is what people around here are afraid of , not their skin color , it 's about the negative aspects of having large groups of muslim people inside the country and those aspcets are more and more often shown on tv . 
  islam is seen as a kind of aggresive ideology , just like nazism , early communism or any other ideology that has conquest or imposing others way of living as it 's inseparable part . 
  those are the same fears . 
  what makes you think it 's the only thing the europeans care about ? 
  most of the comments focus of completely different issues . 
  it 's not only about a country being run by islamic clergy . 
  it 's also about ** limiting the cultural influence of islam ** on a country . 
  hungarians want that , poles want , i think that 's not an exaggeration if i 'd say all of cee want that ( in average ) after observations of we negative experiences on having large groups of muslim people inside a country . 
  what 's more , many of those people , but i do n't think it 's a majority would like to see an end to church-state separation and they do n't care that for some this might be unthinkable . 
  what know ? 
  but you realise that if a european superstate would be created , sooner or later it would be at proxy war with u.s. or china somewhere . 
  well ... most white americans have german descent anyway . 
  yes it does !, 
  most of the main decisions that were made during iiirp by our governments were the good ones . 
  here 's why with hard data : http://pilaster.blog.onet.pl/2016/03/30/796/, 
  he was the best pm this country had in iiirp period . 
  yes , that exclusion of polish veterans from v-day celebrations is also very often mentioned in discussions about british politics .
