  that 's all . 
   did n't equip the dinosaurs to take a meteor hit to the face bigger does n't exactly mean more effective and there are organisms that were equipped , that 's why you 're here , and ancestors of those who were n't equipped , are n't here . 
  you 're proving my point , not yours . 
   nation states do n't exist for any higher or smart reasons higher not , smart - yes . 
  if the whole eu would become a single federation , you 're basically in taiwan position . 
  uk european policy was always about killing any attempt of creating a state that would control french , beneluxian and german resources , not to mention the rest of what eu today is exactly becouse of this reason . 
  the states are n't some romantic whim , there 's a reason why they were created . 
  it 's becouse they solve many of ours problems , make our life easier . 
  it is n't written anywhere that the form they have today is the best form of solving these problems . 
  and i 'm not here advocating to redefine our states , but to notice , that nature works in a way , that ends up with the more effective solution winning after a period of being in a tight ( politically in this case ) spot . 
  where should eu federalists woolgather in that case ? 
  in eu parliament ? 
  yes , the half-way solution is rather something temporary . 
  it ca n't exist long-term . 
  however i doubt that all of us are going to be going the full-way . 
  probably many countries are going to abandon the project at some point . 
  pretty well . 
  federal europe is n't along the lines of us . 
  it depends . 
  the murder rate in us among whites is on higher european levels ( moldova , estonia , luxembourg levels ) or a little bit above . 
  the share of murders commited among black and in smaller scale - hispanic - communities is responsible for a huge chunk of the us-european gap . 
  https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/su6203a28.htm what about the political impact of these events ? 
  is swedish political scene stable or is immigrant crime changing it , which of course would mean a rise of far-right groups ? 
  it was also a cold shower for eu elites which is a good thing, 
  this is conservatism only in relation to present times . 
  if they would try to push any hard conservatism , they would lost most of their electorate , which is much more liberal than the christian values these parties are supposedly referring to . 
  it 's easy to prove it by just pasting statistics on how germans feel about abortion , marriage , divorce , gay rights etc. 
   fox news is the most-watched cable network in us -- hardly a mouthpiece for liberal values . 
  who said us is a country dominated with liberal values ? 
  not me . 
  le pen , according to newest polls does n't have even 20 % , british people as polls say , are quite liberal in context of gays , and quite liberal in general , despite reading shitty , maybe often right-wing press , which is n't a good way to measure this in the first place , becouse the fact that someone 's watching or reading something does n't implify that this someone is agreeing with things that are being told on given media . 
  i usually like to read from sources that i know that are having different points of view , becouse i 'm simply interested on different approaches to given issue . 
  if you , however , see the polls , or church attendance statistics in many european countries , then you can objectively see where so called liberal values are dominating or where conservatism is more popular . 
   have you lived in those countries or are you just romanticizing i 'm not ` romanticizing ' , this is how i would probably feel if i was going to church in a country where church attendance is at about 5 % . 
  i did n't watch his videos but ` conservatism is the new counter-culture ' is a quite interesting point in countries where the so called liberal values are the mainstream . 
  being a believer and going to church in countries like estonia , netherlands or czechia probably has that neat feeling of participating in something that 's niche , rare or even exceptional . 
  sure http://marripedia.org/effects_of_divorce_on_children_s_education http://downloads.frc.org/ef/ef09c07.pdf http://www.scielo.br/pdf/jped/v85n6/en_v85n6a13.pdf https://txwes.edu/academics/school-of-education/graduate-counseling/news-and-events/department-news/top-five-list/top-five-list-news-archive/how-divorce-truly-affects-children/#.wkwd6vxhd4y http://www.eajournals.org/wp-content/uploads/influence-of-single-parenting-on-pupils%e2%80%99-academic-performance-in-basic-schools-in-the-wa-municipality.pdf if you 're going to just blame the source i can provide you with many other , 
  i do n't see any examples of society where marriage does n't exist except prehistorical primitive groups so technically it 's true that marriage does n't have to exist , however if we 're getting rid of it , it is cutting one of the civilisational legs , there 's no contradiction here . 
  also , i do n't see a country where there would n't be a leading myth , shaping the society , there 's always one , religious or secular . 
  the model you obtained maybe 's predicting an existence of such society in long-term that would also be a civilised , but empirical data does n't support that . 
  yes , i just wanted to say what i actually said . 
  if i wanted to say something else , i would say something else probably  . 
  well , both japan and czech cultures are n't to welcoming to immigrants nowdays ( and in case of japanese - ever ) . 
  from what i know , france does n't have to change any law to implement this . 
  if the government had the right to do it all the time , then what 's the change really . 
  it 's just somebody using a tool , that 's already been there , it 's not proposing a change in the state system . 
  and what makes her authoritarian ? 
  did she propose consitutional changes , that would give her more power ? 
  did she announced imposing something against the law ? 
  yes , scientific data shows that children raised in marriages are more intelligent and have better scores in school , however i would n't expect any major changes until the consequences hit us hard , becouse it would cause outrage in todays societies . 
  you ca n't benefit from doing that politically , we 're going to have go all the way down , until something is going to be done . 
  that 's simplifying his views to a point when it 's just not true . 
  his stance is n't against any immigration . 
  he 's mainly hitting muslim immigrants . 
  http://visegradpost.com/en/2016/05/26/tomio-okamura-islamic-values-western-democracy-czechia/  individuals , worth knowing the people taken in a individual way who migrate to europe , can bring , under certain very precise and predefined conditions , a mutual enrichment -- but it does not apply to islam partisans , for whom i see no enrichment in the direction of the democracy and in the direction of freedom . 
  he probably sees himself in the group that would pass those conditions , ergo , he 's not self-hating . 
  well of course , if you 're interested in the number itself only then it does n't have any relevance to this . 
  however this number alone is not enough to tell us about how given society looks like or what can be the social consequences in given country becouse it 's getting more complicated with every statistic added to the picture . 
  i hope you do n't want to pretend that it has nothing to do with her having anti-immigrant stance and them having to deal with crime in france which in large chunk is immigrants job . 
  entirely not , but it 's one of the table legs . 
  the institution of marriage was pretty much invented as a set of privilages for people who wanted to have kids as it was important for the state to have more citiziens so yeah , it 's strange when it takes the other way around . 
  and others could divorce after the birth . 
  what a mess , 
  it did n't probably hava a significant impact , she 's popular in the police forces for at least few years now , i remember reading about it a long time ago . 
  he 's not self-hating . 
  wow , that 's an enormous overinterpretation . 
  absolutely nothing in my post suggests that . 
  who said they should n't ? 
  nobody 's probably surprised with that . 
  the stakes are high . 
  is n't the police also loving her ? 
  i heard she 's having quite big support among police forces . 
  what about ... truth ? 
  does n't matter anymore ? 
  yeah , it 's on the other side of that white terrace, 
  i 'm critisizing also neo-malthusian theories . 
  there is absolutely no reliable demographic model that would say that globally humanity will rise as fast to become a reason of making reaching to resources hard or impossible during xxi century . 
  humanity will probably stabilize on about 9-12bln people levels , or it will begin to fall . 
  these are levels that are completely sustainable by earth 's biosphere ( the biosphere can actually take a lot , lot , lot more , however human population growth models are far from predicting these kinds of growths as well ) . 
  with automation included , human population will probably ( ! ), 
  start to decline in the second half of xxi century or in the xxii century as the economic models wo n't be pushing for fertility like they did almost the whole history ( with developing the institution of marriage ( technically a set of privileges for people who want to have kids ) , and so on . 
  if they presume that their source of money ( russia ) is about to be cut off , then what choice do they have ? 
  if they would n't fear that , then all that eye-blinking towards the west would n't happen . 
  i wonder when will russians will turn off their nationalistic amuck in which they are since 2014 and start sending questions to their ruling class . 
  they truly believed and pretty much are still believing that putin is some kind of master chess-player , where in fact he 's leading his country to a disaster . 
  or in finland , 
  then be one when you 're out of the office too . 
  that you 're unable to make objective analysis based on actual data , instead you 're thinking in a very emotional , shallow , generalising way that leads you to wrong conclusions , which then will lead you nowhere in the future , becouse the assumptions that you obey are not true . 
  these `` shitters '' as you called them , those ` evil ' speculators , even if they inherited a large chunk of their money , know about money probably ( ! ), 
  more than you do and most of them do n't deserve this term . 
  and the fault behind your sad frustration is in a large chunk yyyyooooouuuuuurs . 
  but i do n't see you ever admitting that , which would be the first step to reverse this unpleasant trend . 
  your aggressive wording is telling a lot about you , as a person . 
  more than anything you said about others . 
  far left and far right are pretty much the same reaction , they agree on the most important things ( and it 's really one thing - destroy the current status quo ) , just adjusted to local conditions . 
  the horseshoe theory in politics is right . 
  i do n't believe that , it 's just your another shallow opinion about someone you do n't know that is based on nothing , just like your opinion about `` shitters with money '' . 
  again : with that attitude your life will be very sad . 
   the world is overpopulated . 
  no , it 's far from being overpopulated .
