  we had ukrainians working here before as well . 
  i do n't think that anybody really knows how many are them . 
  some of them plan to stay here , the other part return to ukraine after couple months . 
  not agreeing to separation between state and church and approving something that opnely shouts that wants to conquer the world and kill ones that does n't agree with that are completely different things . 
  maybe , but this orthodox-state would n't commit genocide and the islamic-state is . 
  religions are not equally bad . 
  european equivalent of islamism is not christianism but nationalism . 
  maybe there 's need for low-skilled labour for jobs that a german person would n't take ? 
  or maybe they 're insane . 
  what ? 
  i did n't say anything about anything being ok or not . 
  you realize , that you need one , maybe two people to do that ? 
  agression is created by fear . 
  thanks , quite interesting report . 
  still no data that would clearly say 11 billion popularion impacts ` not survivable ' enviroment . 
  waiting . 
  could you link some source to that ( as you said - peak after 2100 ) ? 
  according to this data sub-saharan fertility rate is going down pretty much at the same rate for over 30 years . 
  if 11 billion is not survivable then this number will never be reached but i havent seen any data that would say that 11 billion is ` not survivable ' . 
  if there is - share it , show that it 's not just your religious belief . 
  do thoses graphs include migration processes or only fertility ? 
  we do n't need to do anything . 
  all demographic models say that human population will peak around 2060 with 9-11 milliard people and after that it will probably fall . 
  the long-term characteristic of the democraphic process makes it impossible to intervene significantly in the natural process in such short time , if you exclude such solutions like massive genocide or massive sterilisation and i believe - we do . 
  that act gives palestine in statu nascendi form and this is palestine status in our law . 
  that 's why we ca n't have an official embassy in palestine despite the fact that there is a diplomatic representation in palestine . 
  the meaning of that act is that when palestine will gain all state attributes there wo n't be any other act needed to recognize palestine as a state , at that point it will be done automatically . 
  no , it 's false . 
  poland does n't recognize palestine as a state , it does recognize palestinian leadership as a representative of palestinians and the palestinian state as * in status nascendi * . 
  in my opinion it 's proper - it 's too early for that becouse palestine still does n't gained all atributes of a state . 
  but that day will come becouse israel is there to stay and israel was the only reason to start an idea of a nation of palestinians . 
  yes , there is a reason not to keep your embassy in jerusalem and that reason is safety . 
  shits that are amongst immigrants are turnig your country from a pretty neat place into shitholestan and the guilt is on people that does n't accept it ? 
  genius . 
  it 's being put clearly , that the discussion is about places that was n't a place you would n't go at night , and now it is and the reason is change in the ethnic composition of the given place . 
  if such place exist - then it 's a disadvantage of that change . 
  yes , and nothing changes the fact that someone from the german government said ` we ca n't take them anymore ! ', 
  it 's obvious that nobody of super-leftwing german party would say that . 
  they 're known to be lunatic to the limits . 
  it depends where . 
  in poland israel is recognized as an independent , legitimate state . 
  no idea about your place . 
  it has nothing to do with time during which some people are on some territory but with level of organisation of those people that would like to form a state and in some cases - political will . 
  that 's not doing the same thing in context of how euro would work , but the opposite - rules would change . 
  doing the same thing would be keeping things as they 're now and waiting for the next crisis . 
  do n't demonize . 
  countries are allowed to reset border control if there 's a situation that needs it , it happened before . 
  and there is an issue right now . 
  gemoney just temporarly restored border control . 
  they are at the southern borders only becouse they know they can easly go north-west . 
  thank god israel became a thing and i wish very , very well for this country . 
  it 's an island of civilisation on the sea of barbarism . 
  yes , precisely that . 
  i did n't say that creating israel made those arabs israelis , it 's making them ( this process is not finished ) a new nation - palestinians . 
  hpshout said that palestine has existed longer than israel which is false and i was referencing to that . 
  it 's not about the skin colour . 
  people are afraid of the mindsets that are coming from countries where the amount of people raised in a community without high hate levels is much , much lower . 
  radicalism does n't have a race , you can see white germans as isis soldiers http://www.newsweek.pl/g/i.aspx/720/0/newsweek/635752384015538668.jpg, 
  how can you tell if it 's biased if you ca n't read it ? 
  england decided to go out with a bang . 
  prussia was called prussia long after baltic prussians were gone . 
  palestine as a state or quasi-state did n't exist longer than israel . 
  in fact , an idea of a palestinian state came after israel was created . 
  nobody heard about palestinians as a nation before israel was created , even first israeli wars are named israel-arab wars . 
  palestinians as a nation are being created right now and this nation would not be created if israel would n't be created . 
  those people would just still be just arabs of emirate of transjordan . 
  it 's not about the number of them but how much you allow them to change your cultural landscape to ( according to the mem authors ) worse . 
  there probably wo n't be any parties willing to solve issues with genocide but i do n't believe that having those ethnic tensions you 'll see that kind of liberal softy governments that peaked in the 90 's . 
  it 's back to strong-arm r\u00e9gimes . 
  and where 's the good part ? 
  today `` barbarians '' do n't even need any weapons to fuck up europe , 
  nah , just muslim immigration . 
  there were 57 turkish gangs in germany at the end of 2014 ( and 192 german ) . 
  and what will independence give you that you ca n't have today . 
  just do n't shout ` my own country ' . 
  what in particular . 
  i 've read today about a local parish , that took a refugee family just like pope francesco advocated and guess what . 
  over night they 've just escaped , probably went to germany . 
  in western europe , most used rivers flow from the bread baskets to the cultural centres near the shore . 
  in russia most used rivers flow from the cultural centres far in the continent to the breadbaskets in the south ... in russia you had to go upstream to transport food to moscow , nizhny novogorod or kazan . 
  those statistics are accurate only on a very shallow level . 
  if you dig inside them it seems that many of those catholics ca n't name three of jesus students or do n't know what is christmas all about and many of those atheists are likely to believe in astrology or have various other irrational beliefs , including some political ideology or homeopathy . 
  the more you 're intelectually developed , the more you meet various god definitions on your way , the harder it is to answer those polls , where 's only yes/no . 
  yes , then again some religion are more likely to become a fundamentalist ideology than others . 
  this is my personal view , if religion is more hierarchical and at the same time it 's large with a large number of teological trends inside , then the centre , to avoid schism and conflict inside , can not become fundamental in any of those trends . 
  if a religion is decetralized there is n't such mechanism . 
  islam , as well as many bible-centred christian denominations ( us bible belt for example ) are very decetralized and that 's why there 's so many fundamentalists along them , there 's no upper institution that could stop it inside them . 
  that 's why i 'm in favor of organised religions :-) . 
  also , it 's obvious that religions differ in their fundamental form , they are not equally dangerous , it all depends on what is written in their holy books and on which parts of that book given cult sets focus . 
  it 's still only a theory ? 
  temporarly . 
  you could start an islamic organisation in europe and send them money . 
  i 'm simplifying , but this approach can be easly bypassed . 
  the thing is that we 're used to separate religion from ideology and present status quo allows to ban an ideology , but does n't allow to ban religion . 
  however , islam is both . 
  radical islam is the nazism of xxi century . 
  so far . 
  well , some of them ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8hgw6omhoc, 
  saudis do n't care about religion ? 
  how ignorant one has to be to say something like that .
