  i do n't see it as an excuse . 
  just like birmigham today with english :p, 
   because once they integrate as described above they stay 100 % culturally and identity-wise detached from the rest of society , and form their own cultural enclaves . 
  which are getting bigger , and bigger . 
  he was n't the `` only man '' . 
  he , alone , could n't do anything and everyone , who is concerned about this , can do something . 
  a bonus info for you : if you 're afraid to be called racist while defending your culture , then probably you 've already lost , becouse many of them are n't afraid of dying for their culture . 
  it seems , he 's escaping these thoughts . 
  the demographic trend is clear , muslims , so at the same time , islam , will get stronger in netherlands , following an ideology that 's aiming to destroy the political , religious , cultural status quo that netherlands are having now . 
  that 's the current demographic trend . 
  a rational decision for a ruler would be to ban such ideology . 
  in my opinion the amoint of people floating across the mediterranean will grow as climate change will create more wars in africa . 
  yeah , i suppose that 's what the people of levant , minor asia or even iraq thought . 
  why ca n't you imagine that , if that 's the current demographic trend ? 
  what about the cultural identity of your country ? 
  do n't you care about that ? 
  after demographics reach some point , the cultural background of your country changes . 
  i think you 'd have to be a rootless person , not to care about that happening . 
  why do you think mosques are fine , please explain ? 
  and what does shakira think about trump ? 
  seriously , who started that silly idea , that celebrities are more worth listening than an average person on political issues ? 
  i would pressume that mostly people with homo-sovieticus identity . 
  a proper answer to this issue . 
  thanks , austria , i hope our gov decides to help . 
  it to chaotic to me , eclectism has it 's limits . 
  some parts are even deliberately chaotic and many others have wrong proportions . 
  architecture , especially historic or neo-historic architecture is a language with rules which has an intention to say something , and this is simply jabber . 
  this one is n't completely covered with grass :p, 
  now you 're generalizing , just like they did  . 
  which one is better is an offtopic and i 'm not going to discuss it here . 
  i only wanted to notice , that scots are paying for their education , which is not free . 
  and i can just repeat my previous post again ... 
  i 'm not talking about the present turkish state , but the way erdogan tries to develop it . 
  seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  no , for south-eastern europe , russia is geopolitically a natural counterweight against strong turkey . 
  for north-eastern europe it 's the opposite . 
  it seems to me that belarus is very divided inside on should they go west or east , but the real scale of this division is n't known even to themselves as there 's no real public debate . 
  anyway , without lukashenko , chances of belarus being annexed by russia rapidly grows . 
  i think she 's made a good job . 
  she was clear where her stance is clear but open for cooperation . 
  but few things can be used by pis owned media to start their `` germans telling poles what to do again '' narrative . 
  and this is the easiest way to make poles do the exact opposite . 
   as for your question regarding tuition fees . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  because you have n't elected a government to abolish tuition fees for residents , whilst scotland has . 
  you just pay for it in your taxes . 
  why wo n't you ? 
  stastics is n't that hard . 
  everyone with average intelligence can learn it and the use it to explain something most people are wrong about . 
  my favourite swede !, 
  he 's really done a good job in promoting thinking based on facts . 
  i 'm for . 
  if eu wo n't take them , someone else does . 
  the whole region will urgently seek support against erdogan neoottomanism . 
  their support variates between 31 % and 39 % . 
  stop `` seeming '' , have some facts : http://ewybory.eu/sondaze/, 
  schulz is having very bad press in poland becouse of his `` lecturing '' . 
  he has some troubles , but generally , rather yes . 
  he can . 
  russian . 
  but this is emotional thinking , not rational . 
  usa is a bastion of enlightenment . 
  about 25 % of worlds scientific progress is made there . 
  ... also on your own land . 
  yeah , i 've seen those numbers suggesting second round results . 
  similiar to ones in our presidential elections in 2015 , two-three weeks before the first round . 
  united kingdom or united europe , pick one ? 
  we all know it is n't true , 
  i do n't know why i was downvoted becouse i 'm stating a pure , simple fact . 
  le pen is leading in france . 
  macron is second . 
  anyway , different things can happen , i would n't be so sure on other candidates electorate decisions . 
  le pen is leading in france . 
  macron is second . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  could you paste some links to a research on this ? 
  ** placebo can work ** . 
  have a read : http://www.nationalgeographic.com/magazine/2016/12/healing-science-belief-placebo/  expectations and conditioning from past experiences continue to shape how we feel pain . 
  for some , a strong belief that a treatment will heal an ailment can prompt the brain to tap into its own pharmacy , flooding the nervous system with medicating neurotransmitters and hormones . 
  this is the placebo effect . 
  its inverse , the nocebo effect , can be activated if a patient anticipates a negative experience ; this expectation can cause pain to increase . 
  recognition  an expectation of pain relief from treatment is processed by the prefrontal cortex and other cortical regions . 
  response  the expectation of relief sends signals from the cortices to the brain stem to release neurochemicals , such as opioids , to counter the pain signals traveling to the brain . 
  regulation  released neurochemicals meet the pain signal at the dorsal horn in the spinal cord , reducing its intensity . 
  the thalamus relays this response to other parts of the brain . 
  this is soooo retarted what you 're doing right now . 
  first of all , none of those things implicate that i 'm christian at all . 
  second , who told you i do n't like czechs ? 
  third , who told you i do n't like gays ? 
  i just do n't like the idea of them getting married . 
  your ways of thinking are completely cosmic . 
  there 's no logic in it at all , only pure stereotypes . 
  you should read more to expand your horizons becouse - clearly - you 're having a bad attitude of labeling people that 's based on nothing . 
  who told you i 'm christian ? 
  i 'm not really interested , their happines is n't a factor to me , but to be honest , i do n't believe they 're happy either way . 
  yes , this is unfortanelly the sad , prejudicial , deleterious , anti-intellectual attitude of many people in the us right now on both , liberal and conservative sides . 
  these people are disgusting to the point where they openly admit , that they wo n't talk to someone who has different opinions becouse they just do n't like those opinions . 
  you can have it ... in a decade , if you start reforming your state . 
  probably you 're right . 
  however we have it in our constitution and i 'm happy about it  .
