  this would produce a lot of unemployed people and at the same time costs of producing most of things would be very cheap . 
  something similiar on a smaller scale would be just less work for a person per capita , let 's say 3 days a week . 
  i 'm pointing this out , becouse you ca n't really predict how much work will be left for humans . 
  we will have a lot of more money to pay the creative people for their work at art , science and pretty much on every market . 
  even in a job like a car mechanic people are needed to find a creative solution on everyday basis . 
  besides that , repairers , more services ( on which people would be more likely to spend money ) and who knows what else . 
  but the point where i 'm going is that nature hates vacuum and this huge population of unnecessary people that gets to use resources for free would be sooner or later reduced to a level where unemployment has the usual values . 
  world of automation is also a world of repairers . 
  total automation is n't really around the corner yet . 
  well , they would n't be if not mass immigration policy in the past . 
  this brilliant policy brought you directly or not couple of million people that are german citiziens but do not identify with the state nor the society . 
  i really do n't know what is this ` they are german citiziens ' argument advocating for except the fact , that your problem is even worse . 
  that does n't change the fact that they are the after effect of mass immigration policy . 
  i agree . 
  what i do not get is why you decided to keep turkish ultranationalists in your borders . 
  it 's a time bomb . 
  germans on this sub often express astonishment about immigrant behavior which for a cee guy seems as something to be predicted at the beginning , when you were deciding to bring these people . 
  on the other hand , i 'm surprised on german belief that the governemnt will one day figure out all those integrating issues and solve them . 
  they wo n't , at least not this government , nor the next one . 
  believe me . 
  at this stage i 'm wondering when will the german frustration blow . 
  shitty sarcasm . 
  it is actually true that brexit will hurt british economy . 
  brexiters that actually have some knowledge basis , generally agree on that , they just say it 's worth it . 
  what about georgia ? 
  i 've got an impression that you guys do n't like each other which is strange considering that you 're two left chrisian islands in the region on a sea of islam . 
  your opinion about my person is something that i care even less . 
  but you on the other hand seem to have a lot of free time to spend if you 're so persistent to waste it on someone who gives you clear signals that this someone decided not to take this conversation seriously . 
  blah , blah . 
  that 's your opinion , i do n't really care . 
  we 're fine where we are and the eu is not pushing towards more tolerantionist society so no thanks , we 're good . 
  btw , watch your step while leaving eu . 
  in my opiniom it 's enough when it comes to homosexuals  ) . 
  eu does not push us towards another changes so it 's okay . 
  yep , we have that . 
  no need to do anything extra . 
  eu does not require us to love our gays more than we already do , if someone wants to love them more than it 's required , i do n't mind . 
  poor you thinking that people around here care about ` gay friendly ranking ' . 
  there 's no need for blaming anyone becouse the position in this ranking is not viewed as something negative nor positive . 
  so surprised . 
  nah , it was just being provocative a bit . 
  good luck monaco with yours as well , 
  good luck france with your muslims , 
  you 're showing an example of a single man and his wife and you 're trying to tell us , that this is an average muslim where as he 's just an example from an extremely narrow ( when it comes to numbers ) section of a spectrum in which most of muslims are very conservative and 10 % -40 % od them ( pow research , depends which western country you focus on ) are conservative to a point that makes them justify sucide bombings . 
  this is what i had in mind, 
  they 'd have to be offered with something moneyish . 
  on the other hand , maybe uk would be more likely to stay and norway more likely to join into such outereu . 
  oh , ok , thanks, 
  maybe there should be a two-speed europe , with a core eu with germany , france , benelux , austria , maybe italy and a couple of flower petals around : the isles , iberia , nordics , v4 + balts and the balkan corner that would balance the core . 
  i do n't get one thing . 
  was n't cameron behind the idea of the brexit referendum ? 
  i remember that he was pushing for it . 
  why did he push for something that may cause something he 's agaist of ? 
  maybe this is fear mongering but it does n't change the fact that this is true , with ` could ' being highlighted . 
  told you so !, 
  and you do n't like the rise of china becouse you do n't want to stop being the world dominating super-power ? 
  of course you do n't want to share the power with somebody else . 
  but are there other reasons ? 
  in my opinion it 's impossible for russia to keep former manchuria lands on the long run . 
  it 's just geography . 
  it 's just to far away from moscow and to close to beijing . 
  the same case why uk or france had to give away their colonies . 
  china will always be able to offer more for those people than russia will ever offer . 
  the only reason russia has control over those south-eastern territories is becouse china had a very bad run and a civilisational downfall for 200 years before the 70 's . 
  this is just what usually happens when a better center shows up . 
  i doubt that china would want to get those lands formally , i rather foresee a quasi-sovereign north-manchurian buffer state ( s ) between those two where an unique chino-russian culture may form itself . 
  in your dreams , and in reality - with russia , which is your biggest trade partner , almost three times bigger exchange than the next one in line , which are pretty much - ex aequo - poland and germany . 
  not only the youth . 
  we 've got a french guy in his late 40 's in the neighbourhood that moved to poland and bought a house from two reasons . 
  1 ) becouse the large number of muslims in france . 
  he said he did n't feel safe anymore . 
  2 ) he said french economy is overregulated and it 's not easy to run a business anymore with the bureaucracy . 
  he had a restarurant there , now he 's running a restaurant here . 
  no , you misunderstood . 
  there is no time to feel sorry for roses when forests are ablaze . 
  it 's like removing some of the tall guys from a nba team , so the short guys can be represented as well . 
  good luck , western europe !, 
  but what would be the us interest in this ? 
  previously , uk was the gate for us to get and maintain their extended presence on the continent . 
  if uk wont have any of that influence , the reason of getting involved is gone . 
  us did n't save your ass for free as you 're trying to suggest here and they wo n't do it in the future . 
  you 're not an empire anymore and you 're throwing away the tools you have to help gain and keep influence on the politics of continental europe ( if eu is there to stay ) . 
  no , this is false . 
  they know that eu in the current form is not here to stay . 
  they 're not leaving the idea of eu in general , some of those , as you called them - cheerleaders - are in favor of more integrated eu , some the opposite . 
  however nobody from that team gave up on europe . 
  from ukish geopolitical context it should matter how much will germany , benelux and france be integrated together . 
  the rest does n't matter that much . 
  i 'm not under the impression that these are the most important issues for the average voter . 
  if this would be true , they 'd say that they will vote to stay in the polls . 
  he was a paranoid nazi . 
  i 've read his work , it 's a kind of pan-european nationalism . 
  it maybe is n't nazism as we know it from xx century , but it is a pan-european far-right wing ideology . 
  i 've answered that in a different post, 
  in 2011 , norway . 
  it is laughable to suggest that they 're more dangerous than fundamentalist religion as well it 's laughable to suggest that most christians are fundamentalists . 
  not even most muslims are fundamentalists ( it 's 20 % -50 % depends on country ) . 
  despite this fact , this law would strike all of them and at the same time would not strike non-religious ideologies that also can cause bloodshed . 
  hey , it 's your circus . 
  do what you think is the best for you .
