  this is silly so do n't try to sound serious . 
  if you want to be fair , compare a historical figure which hitler was with all we know about him to trump with all we know about him or to others with all we know about them . 
  but , nah , the psychological , exaggerated effect would n't be that strong then . 
  what you 're actually doing is picking and choosing some characterstics of hitler and comparing them only with some characterstics of trump , and of course , you 're only using those bad ones , to show trump in bad light which makes the comparsion an unfair exaggeration . 
  if t hose things were at least comparable ... you 're not comparing historical figures , but their pop-cultural emanations . 
  also , and this is far more important . 
  when you put an equal sign between hitler and trump , you 're not only demonizing trump but this is also softening the perception of adolf hitler and nazism . 
  this responsibility lies on people like you that are constantly exaggerating everything they do n't like . 
  in a four year time someone could approach you and ask `` so hitlers germany was like trumps america ? 
  hey , that 's not that bad as i heard before !, 
  if he 's not educated , he would have a complete right to think this way after the exaggerated bullshit he was bombed with . 
  if he was educated , he would n't fell for it in the first place . 
  from a geopolitical perspective , sweden with norway are basically an island . 
  it usually creates strong sense of separation from the mainland which is rational . 
  `` islandism '' creates a perception , that you 're generally safe from foreign threat , islands are less likely to be touched by mainland wars , it 's easier to protect it with your own potential and ad hoc alliances , also occupation , if happens , is softer . 
  more `` islandic '' you are , the more separated you feel , the less reason to participate you see . 
  `` hemendex '' is great , i see how it could be useful in the army , but why did you use so ugly written english for it . 
  and what makes you think that nato is eternal ? 
  besides , i did n't say anything about land war . 
  a threat does n't have to mean this . 
  racial profiling is a thing police is doing worldwide , also in us for a long time so i do n't know how talking about it makes him more hitler-like than previous presidents that did n't do anything about it . 
  also , you 're focusing on few things hitler did to compare him to trump , but you 're avoiding other things , which other politicians makes them closer to hitler as well , like being in favor of massive social programs , or being in favor of banning cigarettes , or agressive international policy . 
  so you 're partly right , eveyrone can be compared to hitler when you extract some parts of his policy , but somehow nobody 's comparing democrats to him , which might share a lot bigger percentage of ideas , than trump does . 
  could you paste me your data on hate crime rise ? 
  i 'd like to see those numbers . 
  thank you . 
  nope , to you . 
  in my opinion , france wants to take the role us is still having if us leaves . 
  a reliable strong , source that 's stabilizing the continent . 
  france sees it 's future in the eu and wants to took back some power it had in eu , which shifted to germany due to french economic stagnation . 
   do n't pretend this hypothetical ef will suddenly find itself more concerned with human rights where did i pretend that this would happen ? 
  i agree with you on that . 
  and no , us was in favour of european integration in the eu format in which us is keeping it 's leading role in the western world and under which eu ca n't become a federal empire with an effective command and decision making . 
  us never openly expressed their stance on european federalization which is n't the same thing becouse of reasons i mentioned before . 
  ef geopolitical goals differ from us political goals becouse with ef there 's no us leadership anymore . 
  us is great becouse it controls ocean trade . 
  it 's the current dominant sea power . 
  this is impossible with ef due to sea ambitions ef , as a hybrid power would have . 
  ef is the same case as china . 
  every empire needs a source of power which is achieved by controlling trade routes . 
  us as a dominant sea power , controlls sea trade , globally . 
  russia on the other hand is a dominant euroasiatic land power . 
  dominant sea and dominant land power do n't cross each other roads most of the time , unless one of them or both of them is growing to big ( becoming the facto more hybrid ) . 
  this situation occurs mostly when hybrid empires are comletely down . 
  china being completely down caused competition between uk and russia in late xix century . 
  europe being completely down after ww2 caused ussr-us competition . 
  but when hybrid powers are n't down , then these growing hybrid powers ( nepoleonic france , central powers , iii reich , china , ef ) are threatening both , the dominant sea power and the dominant land power becouse those growing hybrid powers are hungry to take over trade routes and resources , formerly dominated by land or sea , becouse they need their own sources of power . 
  history proves my point which is n't really mine . 
  everytime a hybrid empire was growing big ( napoleonic france , germany twice , now possibly china ) , the dominant sea empire ( british , now americans ) turn themselves to alliance with the dominant euroasiatic land empire ( russia , ussr ) to stop the hybrid empire from taking over trade routes and resources that they formerly controlled . 
  does this answer satisfy you ? 
  eu establishment being divorced from reality is destroying eu and calling trump an autocrat before he 's even in charge is one of many symptoms . 
  emmanuel goldstein won the elections , deal with it . 
  this is so stupidly exaggerated . 
  liberals like to see themselves as rational , intelligent , dignified , serious and grown-up . 
  this shows that they 're just like populists , playing the emotional ball . 
  horseshoe theory in politics is right once again . 
  full isolationism is impossible due to economic reasons . 
  in my opinion , trump will continue obama , using allies and helping them from the air , but without us foot on the ground . 
  excuse me , but i ca n't agree that a longterm succesful relationship between us and ef would happen without a test of strength . 
  european federation from a geopolitical point of view is china bis for the us . 
  ef economy would be bigger than us . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do n't want to allow this potential become under one effective command , especially with a powerful navy romping on the world seas , which us would like to continue to dominate . 
  common values are fine , but first , common values did n't stop france , germany , uk , austria and other european powers from fighting each other , they did n't stop western powers to support ottoman turkey ( pretty different values ) against austria . 
  so they are n't that important as the strategic interest is . 
  second , values can change and they know that in strategic rooms . 
  it 's all about common interest , i think you 're overestimating the values factor . 
  values in geopolitics are just an ideological glue so multinational bodies wo n't fall apart in periods when given body is needed . 
  values are not the goal itself . 
  look , at first , ef would probaly be helpful in controling and influencing and stabilizing me . 
  i can see that also . 
  i do agree that this would happen . 
  but after this is solved , from a strategic point of view i hardly see a reason for this alliance . 
  the dominating sea power and the dominating land power ( russia ) have a common interest becouse they usually do n't go each others way , they focus on controlling different trade routes . 
  their common interest is stopping the growing threat for both of them which are the growing hybrid empires ( nepoleonic france , germany after bismarck , china , ef ) which can try to dominate parts of ocean trade as well as parts of land trade . 
  empires are n't just stains on map , they function becouse they have access to a source of power . 
  growing hybrid empires , ef , china can only get this power from reducing this source that is in possesion of the dominating sea power and the dominating land power . 
  i agree that this is the way things look today , but i also think that these values are n't rock solid and can change , really ugly ideologies were born in europe . 
  that 's why imho , as americans look with hope on eu , i 'm not sure they 'll going to keep the same look , when eu will get an actual army , eu navy ( !, 
  ) , actual one government able to push some geopolitical pressure and so on . 
  if you were a western conservative in the first half of xx century , your view on russia might gone 180 before and after 1917 and russia before shared a lot of ` common context ' with other european monarchies of that time . 
  but then one side changed the context and working with russia was n't that easy anymore . 
  we 'll see what is the us reaction on eu army pretty soon i guess . 
  while i agree with you on the values , however i think that you missed something . 
  that us decision makers are also thinking in which way eu may evolve . 
  in my opinion they can and should be afraid of eu integrated too much that could after that evolve into something that could hit their interest , for example an aggressive paneuropean nationalism . 
  while ideas are great , you 're never free from geopolitics . 
  a union is something you can still break up in such case . 
  it 's a safe solution . 
  us needs peace in wealthy , reliable europe and this is something that eu helps building , but they do n't need an empire in europe . 
  not if you 're a racist that wants to see the world burning , 
  that 's not even important at all how many people are dying in terrorist attacks . 
  these people are not the real target or the goal of the terrorist attack . 
  it 's those alive which are sitting in front of the tv or on the internet who are the targets of terror , and this has far more far-reaching consequences than few dead bodies . 
  eu needs to show some teeth if it wants to survive !, 
  show some teeth , mr. verhofstadt !, 
  or maybe rather not . . 
  european union is good for united states , european federation does n't have to be . 
  eu is focused on the inside , this level of integration prevents war , where as ef would be a geopolitical player , able to use at least soft power . 
  when i was in belgrade once , an old man selling tickets for the tower on the castle , when hearing polish at first smiled and shouted something about slavic brotherhood , and after that started swearing about ` catholic bandits , croatia [ something ] ' and about mother russia being great . 
  i think he did n't know , that poles are mostly catholic .
