  it 's a small price for not turnig the country into a mena mess . 
   people in this subreddit , repeatedly . 
  `` let them drown/sink their ships in the mediterranean , that will keep them away '' . 
  who said that ? 
  i see you said `` repeatedly '' , that means you 'll easly find a few examples . 
  dunno , i was n't in germany somehow ( just no occasion really ) , but most people are just wondering why did you do that to yourself . 
  in a country like ours , people care how fast are our life levels rising in the first place when it comes to state issues . 
  from this perspective a voluntary decision to make your life worse or even loose your country in the longterm ) in the name of some pc ideology ( and those were never too popular around here ) is seen as incomprehensible to some or stupid/mad to others . 
  it tastes ugly , to be honest . 
  it ca n't taste nice , becouse it 's just to strong ( usually 50-70 % ) , which is one of the reasons why those ` rituals ' began . 
  i wonder if things like building concrete walls are calculated when politicians are showing their calculations on why you need more muslim immigrants . 
  becouse there 's a lot of these small things . 
  why not , it was being done a lot of times in history . 
  are n't you having an old wall ? 
  building concrete barriers to make a christmas market safe is a proof that u/eaterger is wrong . 
  that does n't change anything , also , poland , which was one of the poorest even in the european part of the soviet block , had the biggest jump among those countries . 
  and i realised my arguing with germans a 1-1 ,5 year ago with them trying to find sophisticated arguments on why taking in those people is right and why merkel was right . 
  why were germans so utterly naive ? 
  i 'm talking about the whole perdiod after 1989 https://globalizationstudies.sas.upenn.edu/node/754?size=_original http://tomnierajcuje.blogspot.com/2013/10/skumulowany-wzrost-pkb-w-krajach-ue.html there 's really plenty of data to check it . 
  but discussing it also is n't wrong . 
  post-soviet times were the best times poland ever had in history , when it comes to economic progress . 
  there never was a jump like that before . 
  every country has these people . 
  those comments under the article ... their readers are crazy or uninformed , or both . 
  they are n't . 
  under po poland was one of the fastest developing countries in europe . 
  under pis poland is rapidly slowing down . 
  it 's funny how poles ( even those that dislike pis ) believe that this wo n't hit them . 
  oh yes it will . 
  no , he 's not joking . 
  the more far is the far-right , the more it 's becoming similiar to far-left and vice versa . 
  horseshoe theory is right . 
  it depends what 's the support for erdogan in turkey . 
  is n't turkey slowing down rapidly , lately ? 
  maybe lets just talk about it for the next 20 years ? 
  canada is like usa , but with the european sunlight . 
  focused on the bad sides . 
  basic russian  . 
  the current dominating sea empire are the united states , not britain . 
  in my opinion learning russian is a good idea in our part of the world if you want to make business in russia . 
  knowing local language is always an advantage . 
  sometimes russian sounds beautiful , sometimes it sounds ugly . 
  maybe it 's about cyka blyats and et cetera included per minute . 
  it 's really strange when turkey is included but ukraine is n't . 
  that does n't mean they can not be considered as a part of the west , it depends which values they choose to follow . 
  a jew with a middle east descent can choose to be a secular , sionistic person which is a more western stance than many religious fundamentalists that happen to be ashkenazi . 
  the whole picture of what israel is , is pretty western to me . 
  i see jewish civilisation as a part of western . 
  they contributed vastly to it . 
  they did n't throw away the western mindset with which they came to israel , which thanks to that is a western democracy . 
  and answering to your question - anyone with a basic geopolitical knowledge cares . 
  if israel falls , the geopolitical consequences will be a modern echo of what happened when crusadic kingdoms fallen , making turkey super-strong after dominating whole levant . 
  whoever stands against israel is at the same time putting south-eastern europe in danger . 
  yes , he just do n't know how to say hi . 
  it 's geopolitics . 
  the dominating sea empire and the dominating land empire are buddies in times when hybrid empires are growing . 
  this rule is true at least since napoleonic times . 
  they 're not buddies when one of them is going to far , that is when the dominating land empire is getting to much into sea or the sea empire is getting to much into land ( which makes any of them de facto a hybrid empire , and therefore an empire which starts operating on a field , that the second one is ` owning ' ) . 
  i 'm not talking about the literal sense , but about changing cultural landscape of germany as the percentage of muslims in the society rises . 
  an area that used to be culturally german is changing into something else , even if that old church ( with 2 % local christians attending ) is still standing there . 
  listlessness and impassivity towards this process is what i call not having a sense of identity . 
  there 's always a leading , dominating ideology serving as a social glue , which has enormous impact on culture and which is supported by the state to keep the current status quo in given times . 
  it does n't matter much if this leading ideology is religious or secular , the current one ( liberal democracy ) is just trying to make different people get along under one cultural mindset . 
  in short : the state has an enormous impact on the shape of the culture , also in modern democracies . 
  and yes , this state , supporting one culture is also at the same time banning some political movements which getting into power means also changes in culture , the logical consequence is therefore - also - restricting changes in culture which would happen in case of power shift . 
  germany is banning nazism for example , maybe even communism ( not sure ) . 
  getting these movements into power would obviously change culture from the shape that is seen today , when liberal democracy is dominating in power structures . 
  i think i answered your question - your government is already doing that , governments are always doing that becouse without that the state sooner or later falls . 
  they 're just not doing that with muslim ideology . 
  and islam , as i see it , is potentially dangerous in the same way as nazism or communism . 
  i hope that we agree that islam is also a political movement and that it slips away from defining it only as a religion . 
  good idea , but their people have n't done their homework yet . 
  yes , that was ugly , sorry about that . 
  yes , it 's not about labe itself , but about the river basins of course . 
  rivers were highways for trade in those times and the labe river basin is the last ( looking at east ) from which your products could went by river to a port ( hamburg ) by the open sea , from which ocean trade is avalible . 
  baltic ports had this diadvantage , that you needed to swim trough straits or canals which means paying to the ones controlling them . 
  i 'm only saying that this is a potentially large political base . 
  much bigger that some other movements had in history when they were starting . 
  us had an episode of prohibition becouse they were having large methodist groups who were the biggest pushers of those laws . 
  they did n't have to become a majority to make that happen . 
  does germany really needs a sharia law episode ? 
  as i said , the group has to be big , but it does n't have to be a majority if it 's determined and the others are not . 
  sounds like it is possible in germany . 
  right know germany is controlling mosques , closing ones were political ideology is spreaded . 
  what if that ends ? 
  laws are obviously influenced by culture . 
  if culture changes , people behind it have the political power to change law , for example , to ban drinking alcohol . 
  your culture is something that allows you to pick and choose . 
  not every culture allows that , for example , the culture dominating in saudi arabia . 
  you 're ca n't be influenced the same way there , becouse you do n't have access to that under the law influenced by some parts of that culture ( religion that is ) . 
  culture is n't only the colour and shape of your hat , different cultures are giving different levels of freedom and that 's the most important thing about them . 
  in my opinion this process will speed up when the baby boomers will start dying , the demographic shift will be really clear during that process . 
  the rest depends on methods they will use after being important enough and on the reaction to it . 
  if you have 3 to 6 million people convinced to some idea , this is a really strong force if the rest is impassive . 
  how many republicans there was in france in 1750 ? 
  or how many bolshevicks in russia in 1880 ? 
  6 millions united under one agressive ideology is pretty big and they can do a lot , even without a political party which , btw , they will of course start . 
  yes , just like muslim culture `` added '' value to anatolia , wiping out the former cultures away . 
  the famous `` enriching '' . 
  of course you would , becouse you do n't value your identity or traditions , for you it 's just `` some old bell ringing '' for no reason that you would find important .
