  i do n't have anything against u.s. involvement in the world in general . 
  i just do n't see any logic in obama administration choices in the middle east . 
  ring of fire spreads and what would be the goal of turning that place into islamist hell beside a sea of immigrants in europe or turning u.s friendly democracies into islamist dictatorships . 
  for example in syria , if you threaten someone and the next thing that you do is lowering your tone , it can only encourage someone in his actions becouse now he knows that your threats are not serious . 
  u.s. in my opinion had a pattern in dealing with bad guys around there . 
  that is remove them unless the only alternatives are worse . 
  it does n't work under obama cadency . 
   workers conditions in uk under tatcher . 
  it was downright horrible . 
  it 's like a siberian shithole without the cold . 
  yes , you are . 
  sometimes big territory is a burden . 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  france have more workers rights ( too much in my opinion of course , but it 's not my garden ) than almost anyone on this planet . 
  you are correct . 
  people nowdays often read only headlines . 
  size and space is the main defence strategy of russia since forever . 
  napoleon , hitler and everyone else had to eventually give up becouse they were n't able to efficiently operate on those wide and cold territories . 
  but in those times ukraine , belarus , parts of poland were a part of that state or they were an ally for them . 
  now , without those buffers , moscow is really close to western russian borders , if ukraine would some day wanted to join nato , russia would feel threatened and trapped . 
  they just need buffer states so that the west has a longer route , and the west needs some buffer states to separate from them so they can feel safe and then business is possible . 
  after which eu leaders will give putin another n-week deadline . 
  ruble spent on world cup is a ruble spent not on tanks . 
  takig away the world cup in these days is a favor , not a punishment . 
  `` poland '' does n't think this alliance is `` worthless '' , participating in nato itself is doing a lot of good things to our army , i 'm using a provocative tone to show the disappointment after lack of any actual actions with meaning towards russia destabilising a country in a direct nato neighbourhood . 
  nobody wants a war with russia and i do n't hate russians as one of the imputing discutants suggested , but putin is not the first guy , who has shown how to cross american ` red lines ' during obama cadency : just do it slowly and everything will be ok . 
  sorry , but sanctions and more sanctions wo n't do the trick . 
  if ukraine will be taken , how can we know that poland wo n't be yet another red line , that has been crossed , slowly . 
  this trust has been undermined by flabby obama 's reactions on other crossed ` red lines ' . 
  * speaking of worthless , why does n't poland ask its european neighbors who are part of the same political bloc for assistance ? 
  * i agree . 
  i would like to see more engagement and military cooperation inside the eu . 
  alliances are being born as a reaction to a threat , i hope that russian actions and isis threat will get eu countries a bit closer in achieving the goal that would be a pan-european pact . 
  no , i just have a different opinion about president obama than you . 
  i know it 's hard to accept it and instead of presenting new arguments you guys can handle that fact only by name calling , but that wo n't change my opinion  . 
  obama ca n't handle middle east , which is turning into shit under his cadency and none of your angry thumping can change it . 
  * nice job making yourself look racist with the sports comment , though . 
  * what ? 
  what a galactic lunatic you are . 
  i was referencing to the photographs from the campaign , when he really was playing with a ball , to show how ` cool ' he is . 
  good night , but check if there 's no racism under your bed before . 
  gosh , what a trained manner . 
  anyway , it 's your country , you 'll have to deal with facts , that your enemies hate you even more than in bush times and your allies have much lower trust in the united states . 
  wear your blinkers as long as you like , only 2 years to go , most of the damage has already been done . 
  ... since 1795 ... } : , 
  i 'm really suprised why obama has even over 10 % . 
  his foreign policy is a disaster , bush was much better . 
  you have to be blind , if you ca n't see that the u.s position went down from `` the one and only superpower to `` one of the powers '' . 
  before obama , pax americana was still a solid order with only small dictatorships or terrorist groups negating it . 
  now pax americana is being openly negated and questioned by players as big as russia . 
  that 's what u get , when you elect a president based on his ability to throw a ball . 
  then , if you openly admitted that you 're not able to participate in an adult discussion , stay and comment at onet.pl or other portals gathering this kind of people , that you have chosen to be a part of . 
  if you do n't have anything to add to a discussion , just do n't participate becouse you 're only making a fool of yourself . 
  in long term yes , but in short term , destabilisation rises the costs of trade and transport and increases the risk of an investment . 
  it worked before , but i doubt that kremlin is satisfied with current results so we should await an escalation of the conflict . 
  i know exactly what he meant . 
  sikorski was right about you guys  . 
  so very , very right . 
  corruption is only one of the measures of an successfull country , not the most important . 
  it depends which eastern european country you compare with which western european country . 
  for example corruption , according to transparency international is smaller in poland than in spain or italy , but bigger than in germany or france . 
  corruption level was much higher in the 90 ' here , i assume that it was somwhere about at todays ukraine level . 
  it was gradually falling . 
  ukraine nor russia in post soviet era were n't and are n't dictatorships . 
  those are just very , very corrupted democracies , with russia heading towards authoritarianism . 
  the goal is destabilisation so oil prices can stay high . 
  if ukraine will try to get into eu they will have to carry reforms as former soviet block countries did to join eu and those countries manage to succeed . 
  i agree with this article , i can see this process when meeting some people from kaliningrad oblast . 
  they can see the western world much more often and therefore are more likely to go the western way . 
  of course , this is bot based on some polls , but just on conversation and general impression of russians visiting our stores . 
  everybody knows that novorossiya is an artificial name . 
  it was called ` wild fields ' in the old times !, 
  of course it 's not , which part do you do n't understand ? 
  it 's sad , but there are places on this planet where it 's russia who has the best civilization offer . 
  ukraine has ( had ? ), 
  a choice , but as a kirghiz citizien what choice do you have ? 
  going insane islam ? 
  it 's probably becouse immigration from third world countries to western europe . 
  some of the guys who flew into wtc were also percieved as `` well integrated '' , muhammad ata was an educated person , architect and engineer with normal friends , wearing western clothes . 
  and then he participated in a mass murder . 
  you ca n't tell for sure what is true in islam and what is just taqiyya , old as islam itself , sweet talk intended for those like you . 
  if you want to stay naive , that no ethnic tensions will rise from those `` well integrated '' streets of londonistan , i 'm okay with that , it 's not me that is going to live in this hell . 
  everyone gets what they deserve , sooner or later . 
  i 'm so happy that we do n't have this problem . 
  western and muslim values are so different that i personally do n't believe a bit that this mixture will end well . 
  religious wars in future are something quite possible on western european soil , in my humble opinion . 
  thanks :-), 
  i did n't have paternalism on my mind but socialism which is a left-wing ideology and which is a part of the nazi ideology in theory as in practise . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  economic part of the nazi ideology was and is left wing . 
  even if it 's not strict left wing , it 's much closer to left than right . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  in my opinion it 's quite fine , what is not true in this article or videos ? 
  maybe . 
  but those countries ( and therefore hypothetical future hungary ) are still not fascist . 
  there 's no fascism in hungary as well . 
  not only stalin , during russian empire times it also happened . 
  various reasons . 
  participation in uprisings , antistate activity ( printing brochures , secret meetings , etc ) , but there were also people drafted into russian army and sent to central asia , to help keep the territory . 
  during ww2 , ussr went massive and sent polish elites ( army , teachers , engineers , officials ) so while they 're far away , then would n't participate in rebuilding the polish state after the war .
