  i 'm not against multicultural society by principle , i 'm against being a multicultural society with cultures that cause more trouble than potential benefits , with cultures which presence in larger number causes instability , ethnic tensions with locals , or rise of crime rates . 
  i have undoubtedly a full right not to let such people into my house , especially if experience of others gives such data . 
  but i 'm not judging what my neighbours decides to do , they can have a brothel inside and i 'm okay with that , just do n't force me to do the same thing . 
  you have no right to do that . 
  it 's far more complicated than that . 
  it 's quite obvious . 
  the householder decides if it 's ok or not . 
  if i 'm invited to someones place then i 'm in some way obligated to invite this someone ( and the british are welcomed ) , but i 'm not obligated in any way to invite someone i do n't want to and who has nothing to do , with thsese two . 
  if mark invites you , you should invite mark , but you do n't have to invite chris . 
  it looks like it has nothing to do with hdi . 
  and that 's fine if you like it . 
  teach , learn , compete , enrich , be enriched , with no limits - there , in london  . 
  people of the eastern eu just does n't want to make the same mistakes as western eu countrues and does n't want to have a multicultural societies . 
  we do n't want that , to have our cities called something like londonistan one day . 
  i thought it 's simple . 
  if you choose to be a melting pot from all over the world , i do n't have any problem with that , so why do n't you accept that someone does n't want to be that way . 
  so the polygamy itself , without the sharia elements is okay and therefore should be accepted by british law ? 
  the discussion is simple . 
  all there is in that train legitimately belongs to polish government . 
  finders are allowed to be paid theirs finder 's fee . 
  end . 
  another thing is that nobody really knows what 's inside . 
  maybe just nazi archives or weaponry ? 
  nobody seems to care that the train is not digged out yet . 
  this is so sad . 
  it reminds me pictures taken in auchwitz on which you could see a sea of dead people in an opened carriage . 
  i do n't think so . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruli73vq2lq if 26 people can get to a mini , then probably there 's no problem to put 71 into a truck . 
  i 'm sorry , i already was talking like to a child . 
  i simply can not explain it in more simple words than already used . 
  if you ca n't understand this , further discussion has no sense . 
  i 've pointed that syria war is everyone 's war becouse it impacts the whole world . 
  i 've pointed that a state decides to intervene in such war if calculations show that such intervention is profitable on the matter of economy or politcs . 
  if so , the state decides for a full scale intervention . 
  the fact that nobody does that says only that calculations does n't make such a full intervention profitable for nobody and that this particular situation does n't change the fact that also this syrian war is everyone 's war . 
  you said that is does change that , i 'm asking how - what does it change ? 
  and what that world be ? 
  of course it is . 
  that war impacts the whole world . 
  the fact that nobody is ready to spend money and blood to impact the results of those fights does n't change anything . 
  i even noticed that this is a question of balance between what you can ` invest ' and what can you get in return . 
  you deliberately missed that part . 
  every fight is everyones fight today . 
  maybe fights between some hardly known african tribes are not , but beside that , every war has some impact on politics and economy of - sooner or later - all players on the chessboard . 
  it 's absurd to stay out of a ` not our fight ' if you are able to change the result to one from you benefit . 
  it 's a question of balance between potential economical or political profit and invested money/blood . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  i do n't fear them . 
  we 're going to need immigrants soon , but we prefer some european sources . 
  well , ua plates are much more often seen around here now than before the war . 
  yeah , point made long time ago , si vis pacem , para bellum, 
  allright , you do n't have any data but you 're ` sure ' . 
  that 's all i wanted to know . 
  i 'm not interested in your visions and beliefs . 
  and you 're sure based on what ? 
  show me the data . 
  the title and therefore the author is extremly ignorant becouse you ca n't judge/appraise something on any matter , also on effectiveness just by showing one photo . 
  as a matter of fact , you ca n't do that even after showing 10000000 photographs . 
  only way is to compare the number of people that came in before the fence was built and after . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's quite the opposite . 
  russia with the potential it has left could play a role of a counterweight for the real geopolitical competitor - china . 
  after bush , it seemed that us was ready to make a huge offer for russia to play a big role in this . 
  he was ready to sink the plans of the shield in the eastern europe , entered the pivot process and proclaimed a reset in diplomacy , he really wanted to give russia all it seeked . 
  putin rejected that offer , had a different plan for russia . 
  enjoy it . 
  yes , good job lithuania with pushing polish minority towards russia . 
  only you could do it !, 
  it probably woudl n't happen if you 'd respect your minorities rights instead being a nationalistic dick about it . 
  right to fucking sign with your own surname wont destroy the lithuanian state . 
  and if it will - then what is it worth anyway ? 
  yes , it 's good that they said it loud , that they are completely ok with losing next elections if italians are n't ok with that policy and that italians can freely vote them out . 
  if was so afraid that they would n't be ok with such voting results and start whining if italians will decide to kick them out . 
  i respect that they know what 's the price and are loud about being ready to pay it . 
  they ca n't even sign documents with their own surnames , lithuania is nationalistic to this level that even something like surname has to be lithuanised . 
  polish ca n't be used as a local official language despite the fact that in some regions poles stand 80 % of the local population . 
  towns/villages with polish majority are not allowed to have double-language signs , despite pl-lit deal from 1994 . 
  there are even fines if the sign on your market is in polish or even fines if your bus timetable is in polish . 
  maybe in post-soviet standarts everything is fine . 
  not for me . 
  i 'm to tired to mention all things that lithuanian government does against polish minority . 
  that 's only the tip of the iceberg . 
  becouse you fucked polish minority on your territory in many ways . 
  it was very loud in media about those events and poles remeber these kind of things very , very , very , very , very long . 
  it was hard to understand why lithuania makes this suicidal move to destroy relations with a friend having for a neighbour we know who , so i 'm not surprised that he did n't choose this country when trust has been undermined by your politicians . 
  anyway , i 'm not a fan of that president , so i 'm not really on a position to praise his pick either . 
  i 'm just absolutely not surprised after what lithuanian politicians did to our relations , you earned it by hard work :-) . 
  it 's not implying that poland defeated the germans at all , it 's your biased mind telling you to interpret this that way . 
  video shows clearly , that it 's the year 1944 , not 1945 , year of the warsaw uprising in which russians did n't participate and in which those iii reich flags were dropped down from public buildings and yes - poles during that uprising were sticking their flags here and there to show rather will of fight than a victory , and this scene ilustrates those events . 
  so your opinion is completly not true and your interpreting the video which a huge amount of bad will which leads you to mistakes like that . 
  change of the occupying power to ussr is shown in the video . 
  well , lithuania worked hard for that , as seen from here . 
  good for slovakia . 
  christians are much likely to assimiliate in a christian country . 
  why ? 
  putin , the accelerator of the ukrainian identity . 
  you felt insulted by a stupid humorous map pic and at the same time you 're being surprised than someone considers calling you a pussy ? 
  :-) ) ) ) what are you , 13 ? 
  good night , and please do n't waste my time anymore . 
  well , maybe becouse the level of violence of the german occupation caused 6-7 times more deaths per capita in cee than in france .
