  also , the unemployment was going down very fast in the second half of the 80 's . 
  it was 13,5 % in 1986 ( that 's far from apocalyptic ) , it fell to about 8 % in 1990 and later reforms did n't change much either , unemployment fell to about 6-7 % in 1997-1998 and started growing again in 1998-1999 . 
  at the end of pinochet in 1990 , hdi for chile was 0.700 , average for latin america was 0.626 . 
  not bad at all in their geopolitical context . 
  and certainly - far away from being in `` ruins '' . 
  if we use older data along with the new one but adjusted to the ways hdi was measured in the past we get that chile 's hdi in 1975 was 0.708 , in 1990 it was 0.788 . 
  i 'm noticing a particular growth here , not a fall . 
  good . 
  it 's a nice piece of modernist architecture behind the mess and ads . 
  if they 'd renovate it , put some life inside and did n't put ads all over it , then it would n't look so bad . 
  http://culture.pl/sites/default/files/styles/galeria_style/public/images/culture.pl/rotunda_noca_1973.jpg?itok=k4oognss http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/b9/f7/d1/z13760441q,rotunda.jpg, 
  french still believe in socialism 's solutions for some reason . 
  it 's like a local folklore there . 
  the word still has that early-mid-xx century magic there . 
  the first decade of pinochet 's rule was great from the economic point of view . 
  the crisis started in 1982 . 
  the core reasons were inside the chillean economy of course , however along with the crisis guerrilla fighting started which added fire to the economic crisis . 
  i know that , not my graph , thought we 're over it already . 
  the economy in the 50 's and 60 's in pl was doing relatively fine . 
  not as good as in western europe of course but not that bad either to start revolting . 
  and the differences with we did n't accumulate yet so vastly . 
  it all changed in the 70 's . 
  on one hand these differences started to be really disturbing and at the same time , the socialist economy started to crumble . 
  but i agree , in the 50 's and 60 's many people wanted socialism . 
  the 40 's referendum was n't fair but the communists would probably won anyway . 
  people could n't know the consequences back then , socialism promised a lot and there was no alternative anyway becouse ussr was at it 's peak and everyone knew that . 
  data from maddison project confirms that spain was below poland in gdppc after the war and that it was way higher at the end of communism . 
  you have no idea what are you talking about . 
  i do n't know if the graph uses this data , but the historical data from the maddison project ( groningen university ) pretty much confirms this . 
  i remember looking at those tables and it hit me that spain was lower than post-war poland . 
  found the westerner . 
  i 've heard they 're planning to demolish that round rotunda . 
  if i remember good , 2016 was fine . 
  dunno about 2017 . 
  if pis is going to rule too long , then yes , it will have a negative impact on economy if they choose to implement their ideas . 
  well , during po our growth was lower but one of the highest in eu . 
  during pis the growth was faster , but was pretty average and in cee context , below the average . 
  that growth was thanks to world prosperity skyrocketing back then . 
  poland is n't an alienated island in the world economy , it 's receptive to current world and regional prosperity trends and in this context pis did a rather poor job in 2005-2007 and po did a very good job in 2007-2015 . 
  that 's why choosing po was a good decision back then . 
  in my opinion it was one of the best periods poland had ever in it 's history . 
  what do you like about her ? 
  i do n't know anything about her but the fact that she was a teacher in macron 's school and she left her husband for him . 
  oh , and that her plastic surgery turned out ugly . 
  economically we 're doing still fine under this gov. 
  but they did n't really change much in economy . 
  but the reason is n't becouse warsaw is poor , but becouse it 's ugly :p . 
  it does reflect , people just like to complain and they do n't want to admit that their lifes are in most cases better . 
  the trend is however clear . 
  the eu will have a smaller potential as a world share . 
  it maybe will be better used , but it will be smaller . 
  nobody 's giving us the leading role in the world and without population and gdp we ca n't take it by ourselves . 
  https://fullfact.org/media/uploads/gdp%20graph%20world%20vs%20eu%202.jpg it 's estimated that europe 's share will be 6 % od world population and world gdp , you wo n't save the world with that and the current attitude has nothing to do with that , demographic projections are long-term . 
  i said how it turned out . 
  they are polish , however catholicism is and was also shaping their identity . 
  of course they were . 
  it was the muslims who conquered christian lands in the middle east , not the other way around . 
  crusades were a response to it , however , a poor response . 
  i did n't say muslims cleansed christians in a second in me . 
  turkey pretty much ended that process in xx century . 
  egypt has still some work to do . 
  russia was invited . 
  their representant broke the ukrainian law , they offered russia to pick someone else , they refused . 
  europe is declining global share in population and economy , nothing can change that process in coming decades . 
  maybe in second half of the xxi century something might start changing in this negative trend . 
  it seems mixed becouse it was mixed and it was changing during the history . 
  ethnic groups were mixing and their names even meant different things in different periods . 
  the mongol empire was called after the mongols , originally one of the tribes in mongolia which got under the new rule as one of the first ones . 
  then some mongol tribes , later led by chyngis-chan fought with other mongolian tribes as well with the turkic ones . 
  the whole central asian stepps were a mix of mongolian and turkic nomadic tribes back then and in many cases we do n't know for sure if they were mongolian or turkic at that point . 
  those tribes were at constant war pretty much , so you can imagine that with all that men killing , women stealing , raping they had to mix a lot each other . 
  finally , chyngis-chan beated his enemies among mongolian tribes as well as among turkic tribes and united the whole region under his rule . 
  from that moment the term mongolian is used referring to this multi-ethnic empire as whole . 
  tatars were originnaly one of the local turkic tribes in the region which at first fought hard againt chyngis-chan but lost the power struggle with him and chyngis-chan ordered their elites ( men ) to be murdered , at that time they became a part of the mongolian empire as one of the tribe that was ruled by them . 
  as time passed and the empire was growing , it started to be a turkic-majority but then it also started conquering india , korea , parts of middle east , parts of today 's china and south-eastern ruthenian lands and duchies . 
  in 1227 chyngis-chan died and his son , ugedej was continuing his work with fighting in iran , china and central asia . 
  mongols took over georgia , azerbeijan , volga bulgars . 
  it was still the mongolian empire that took over moscow , kolomna , ural nad most of today 's russia but you have to know that at this point it was completely mutli-ethnic . 
  then they took kiev ending the kievan rus history and after that they 've attacked poland , moravia , hungary . 
  in 1241 ugedej died and during the 5 year interregium the impire stopped expanding , however g\u00fcj\u00fck , ugedej 's son took over but did n't rule for too long . 
  then it was m\u00f6ngke 's time . 
  when in early 1260 's the different mongolian ` generals ' were invading poland and china , the empire already started dividing itself and was in it 's own civil war as well , some mongolian army leaders started to stand against other mongolian leaders . 
  at this point the elites and their armies started to blend into local cultures becouse they were more attractive . 
  mongolians in china started to be more and more chinese , mongolians in western parts of asia blened into turkic or ruthenian ethnic groups , most of them becoming muslim . 
  there was less in common that the mongolian leader in each region could share . 
  now the thing is , that one of the chyngis-chan 's generals started it 's own state , which was a loyal part of the mongolian empire back then , the golden horde , which after the breakup of the empire started to be a fully independent state . 
  it was the golden horde , then still as a part of the mongolian empire that invaded poland , moravia , hungary and took over ruthenia with moscow included , and tatars followed mongolian armies along with other ethnic groups , since it 's sometimes a synonym . 
  however in the golden horde , the tatar elements were gradually becoming more powerful . 
  the elites were mongol at the beginning , but then it became turkicized , after they converted to islam and forced it in the golden horde . 
  it 's then , when the mongol elites blended to turkic , mostly muslim tatars or into orthodox ruthenians . 
  at the end of the golden horde , when it divided into smaller khanates , like the crimean khanate , the population was turkified with islam as the main religion . 
  you could say that at the beginning they were mongolian-turkic people with other groups ( like some ugro-finnic ) joining as the empire grew , with the mongolian elites having the power at first and with the mongolian culture as the leading culture in the empire , but in the western part gradually becoming turkified ( tatar ) and gradually loosing it 's mongol identity . 
  this process really went fast when more and more turkic groups became muslim which made them a stronger culture in the empire , compared to mongolian shamanism and sometimes buddhism . 
  during the democraphic and cultural shift of the mongolian empire/golden horde both names were used as synonyms probably . 
  it 's vice versa . 
  my realtive studied in lw\u00f3w and learned to speak , read and write in ukrainian practically in 2 months . 
  she 's from a generation which still had russian in schools though . 
  silesia is a fascinating region . 
  populations come and go there a lot . 
  it was dominated with silesian slavs , poles , czechs , germans , then poles again .
