  i think you 're prejudiced towards united states . 
  it does n't matter who does it , there always will be someone who will do it , becouse middle east is in the geopolitical middle of speheres of influences of too many powers . 
  now about the current case . 
  what united states are trying to do right now is not destabilizing , as a matter of fact it 's the opposite . 
  yes , it 's the opposite . 
  everybody knows that us could not be able to hang around those forces which they had there for too long and those forces was the only thing that kept me in any shape . 
  united states are stabilizing me by searching for a new power balance between turkey , saudi arabia and iran . 
  almost every geopolitical expert will tell you that this is , what actually is happening . 
  that 's why the deal with iran was needed . 
  of course some time has to pass until this new me status quo will be achieved , but it 's a pretty neat way to achieve a pretty good level od stailization in the me . 
  new middle east will be run by american allies , saudi arabia , turkey and yes - iran with no us forces needed to hold the shit together . 
  all that us will need to do afterwards is balancing the power between those 3 ( by weapon selling , trade deals , etc ) if one of them would become to strong . 
  short : us are transforming me from a place where order was kept by the presence of us forces ( and this could not work for too long ) in the gulf into a place , where order is kept with the use those 3 states . 
  i think it 's a good and realistic plan becouse it can provide stabilization and at the same time it secures us interests in the region withoud the need of using their own forces on the ground . 
  russia is trying to destroy this plan , becouse there has n't been provided any important role for russian allies , that is syria . 
  syria is ment to be an unimportant state under turkish sphere of influence . 
  i hope us plan will be achieved :-) ) ) . 
  not becouse i 'm biased towards us but becouse there is literally no other existing and realistic alternative plan to achieve stabilization in me and actually nobody but us has the tools do provide it . 
  none , null , zero . 
  with no huge us forces around ( and us can not afford it ) and no state of equilibrium between the main local powers ( option that is being implemented ) , everybody are going to jump each others throats there . 
  that does n't matter . 
  middle east wo n't be peaceful , with isis or without . 
  i think that vertikal19 could be right . 
  if there is no right on given political scene , then something that is just right wing can be seen as far right . 
  after all , all that right-left division has roots in french revolution and if we 'd keep their definition then the only right groups would be monarchists . 
  that is partly true . 
  for example , i often met an opinion that atheists share a view that christianity is about going to heaven as a reward for doing good things and going to hell as a punishment for doing bad things . 
  they really believe that catholics believe in that ( ca n't really tell about other denominations ) and they use it as an argument in a discussion , but i 'm not sure with whom do they really want to talk by using it . 
  maybe jehovas ? 
  not blaming , just do n't know . 
  most of lies , that people use to build their own world view is n't based on religion nowdays . 
  not in the western world . 
  today those are mostly non-religious ideologies . 
  yeah , i 'm sure those guys were neo-pagans , buddhists or quasi-self-named-rationalists . 
  they were n't . 
  i think for many people , especially those fascinated with guns , this flag symbolizes one 's personal independence from something big and oppresive and readiness to rebel if this oppresive big something wants to take something from them . 
  racist connotations connected with this flag are n't really known here despite some general knowledge that south wanted to preserve slavery , and those pople just do n't care and do n't focus on these issues . 
  that town is a seaport . 
  flags everywhere . 
  if someone has a muslim name , then probably he 's got a muslim cultural background . 
  christian arabs have christian , some would say - ` western ' names . 
  with that post you have n't told one true thing about me , but a lot about yourself . 
  nowhere . 
  and there wo n't be . 
  why ? 
  becouse cultural differences matter no matter how hard will some of you stamp your feet . 
  rumors . 
  and it 's impossible to have data on this case , to see how much an average priest is fucking . 
  ergo , you can not say if they 're doing a lot of fucking or not . 
  your view on these affairs is false . 
  po did a restrainedly good job . 
  poland was rising in hdi , gdp growth ( compared ) , doing business , ief index , yes - corruption was also falling according to ( not only ) corruption perception index . 
  not to mention the development of infrastructure . 
  ** almost every , objective index from almost any institute showed clearly , that po goverment is doing a restrainedly good job ** at least when tusk was in charge . 
  saying that po ` failed miserably ' having those facts in mind is just not respecting the truth . 
  maybe you had in mind , that they lost the elections , then i can not disagree , it was a massive failure , the campaign , and the results . 
  kopacz was a poor leader . 
  but your point of view is false becouse you 're putting an equal sign between those parties and saying they 're ` the same ' . 
  no , they of course and utterly are not the same , the differences are huge and poles will soon feel the difference , with ... their wallets . 
  kod is a tool that can be used in good sense and that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  and it does n't matter if nowoczesna was created becouse surveys told them to do so or not . 
  i think it even shows them in a brighter light , that means they at least think rationally . 
  how could a free-marketer start something not having done his market study before ? 
  it would be a waste of time and effort . 
  you can still wait whooole your life for your hero on a white horse , a politician that is not a hypocrite ( rotfl from me , andgood luck with that !, 
  ) , has no nasty past and a position at the same time ( second lol ) or choose from what you 've got . 
  having those objective measures in mind it 's a clear choice for me . 
  do n't worry , everybody seems isolated in todays europe . 
  then again , worry twice . 
  those imbeciles , as you called them ( i do n't know why ) might be the only chance there is now to stop this downfall . 
  you can wait all your life for a hero that has your sophisticated requirements but he wo n't ever come becouse he does n't exist . 
  try to look at them like you 'd be looking on a tool becouse only nowoczesna , po and kod has any support . 
  they wo n't solve all the problems this country has , clearly . 
  but they are able to stop the downfall . 
  besides , you are wrong . 
  statistics show similiar support for parties among voters and those who did n't vote and those people can support their parties also in defferent way . 
  about half of polish grown-up societety is in quasi-right wing amuck nowdays . 
  even if only 50 % of them vote . 
  1916 is a bad date for this claim . 
  poland and the bolshevik party in russia were actually the two that actually won something in ww1 . 
  you can add the baltic states and those states that were created after the collapse of austria-hungary . 
  after that we won a war with bolsheviks and manage to quickly stabilize a newborn state . 
  horror starts in 1939 . 
  unfortunatelly , poles gone crazy . 
  i dunno why , but it 's a fact . 
  they 've chosen people that put us in bad light everywhere , in russia , in us , in eu only to try and create a cee block that will probably have a gdp of ... spain . 
  lack of knowledge and imagination is peaking in todays poland . 
  from what i 've read about afd here ... https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4a92uo/german_state_elections_success_for_rightwing_afd/d0ykvoc ... they 're not far right , they 're just right ( wing ) . 
  and what in particular is crazy in this prediction ? 
  do n't judge by the cover . 
  i think it 's silly not to trust someone becouse this someone would have a silly hat . 
  yes that is true . 
  the fact that germany knew what was polish diplomatic correspondence about is becouse hungarian intelligence is also true . 
  it 's cool how the balts are all different in some way . 
  estonia - ugrofinic and protestant . 
  latvia - baltic and protestant lithuania - catholic and baltic . 
  and yet you guys were selling our decoded diplomatic messages to ze germans during ww2 ... 
  excuse me sir . 
  do you have a moment to talk about intermarium ? 
  i 'm interested what do you think about this idea ( seen as cee union ) as a plan b in case if eu fails .
