  i forgot about that . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone , i 'm just saying what is the general opinion about the british political class in poland . 
  most of people does n't have time to dig deep into history to figure out if they could do anything or not . 
  they know two things 1 ) british said they would help and they did not 2 ) churchill and roosevelt sold us in yalta . 
  i 'm not saying those opinions are right or wrong , they just are . 
  that 's all . 
  is this a thing in bulgaria that people know about ? 
  most of poles have an opinion about the british politics as ` godless traitors ' ( becouse of lack of meaningful reaction when ww2 started despite alliance and becouse of yalta ) and this is quite a common opinion about the british political class . 
  is it the same in bulgaria ? 
  he 's right . 
  the sad thing is that after every left wing madness that given government is imposing on a given society , and which usually ends with shit , it 's always the eu that 's taking the beating in the polls . 
  try harder :p, 
  what about the ancient german integration law giving immigrants three options : 1 ) become german 2 ) leave 3 ) get murdered . 
  the proposed law leaves only the worst option avalible . 
  where are they now in their lives ? 
  it 's proper-crowded . 
  poland was n't on the map 180 years ago . 
  c'mon vikings , do something . 
  we need a stable sweden in the next 10-20 years , not a sweden stuck in ethnic conflict . 
  wrong . 
  the population you 're taking in this time is much more troublesome . 
  this is a false view . 
  those thigs differ among the whole europe and even in different parts of a given country . 
  bohemia would be great . 
  czechia is kinda ugly . 
  but is n't holcaust worse than preaching bolsheviks ? 
  what about the holocaust ? 
  you poor thing . 
  yep , the most recent news are that nothing happened becouse over 80 % of the population is against abortion ban , so thank you for reminding it and proving his point even more !, 
  - ethnic tensions in western europe will rise as muslim share of population will continue to rise . 
  - right wing parties will continue to rise . 
  - that will cause a reduction of citizen rights in we - eastern europe will be run by fear-mongering populists reducing our rights in the name of safety . 
  - new cee political blocks of small economic importance will be created as those countries share views on security issues . 
  - china will become stronger even with only 6 % growth each year . 
  having no single world dominating power will make times much more brutal , also in europe . 
  i do n't think that there will be a us-china ww3 , but there will be new proxy-wars for sure . 
  - further reduction of our rights as keeping order will need more effort in a world of constant change . 
  people hate when things change . 
  - russia will economically implode and tensions around it 's borders will rise . 
  losing control in parts of territory possible , especially in caucasus . 
  - russia however wo n't be allowed to desintegrate full-scale becouse it 's needed as an ally against china , sanctions will be therefore lifted pretty soon . 
  - rising chaos on eu borders will force eu to have uniformed services integrated more . 
  - france - stagnation as attempts to make the economy more flexible are going to meet heavy protests . 
  - with uk having a new looser eu status , germany will maintain to be the dominant eu power . 
  - most eu economies are going to be rocky , but generally better, 
  i agree . 
  i see the fact that cameron did n't know what does magna charta libertatum mean in english as far , far , far more embarrassing for him . 
  this is nothing . 
  it was always this way . 
  hey , that 's actually a good idea . 
  i thought we 're good at it . 
  i do n't care about the falklands at all , it 's completely indifferent for me if it 's british or argentinian . 
  i 'm just saying what 's the future for the islands in my opinion . 
  in my opinion falklands sooner or later will be argentinian . 
  they just need a smarter approach . 
  they tried to put their hands on falklands once , in the most stupid way of all , by trying to invade it . 
  the whole population of falklands feels probably hostility towards argentina . 
  argentina is doing everything not to have any relations with the falklands . 
  for example , argentian ports wo n't allow to dock if the ship was docked in a falkland port . 
  argentina has potential huge advantages to make falklanders want to join argentina . 
  especially one thing - it 's much , much , much , much , much closer . 
  argentina should do two things . 
  first , rise their ief and hdi to be attractive for falklanders . 
  second , open it 's economy as well and offer investments for the falklands . 
  work/business migration would change the attitude of people living on falkland islands towards argentina and would also change the cultural background to more familiar . 
  having that , and the fact of a close shore , where you can get things/business done would probably change falklanders mind on their status . 
  in my opinion , the fact that argentina is not doing those things , which would surely make falklands theirs one day is not an act of stupidity . 
  i think it 's comfortable for the current argentinian goverment to talk about falklands and distract the public opinion from things that are important for them . 
  but brits should be aware , that one day argentina could change it 's approach and instead of invading , they could come with an offer that falklanders could n't resist . 
  western europe also had it 's share in preventing this from happening , earlier . 
  with rising far-right , maybe it 's their time , again . 
  back to charles martel times . 
  i agree, 
  generally i agree . 
  however , you have to add which religion compared to which ideology . 
  religions differ a lot . 
  ideologies too . 
  some are more rational or brutal , some are less . 
  some are very old , others young . 
  following some can bring prosperity , following others - destruction . 
  is someone 's under one spell , it 's hard to enchant him with another . 
  to be clear . 
  i 'm not saying religion = ideology . 
  of course not . 
  but it can became an ideology in one 's mind and then the fuss starts . 
  and when it does , it does n't matter if this roots of this ideology are set in a holy book or in completely secular quasi-intelectual work . 
  it does n't matter if the ideology has religious background or not . 
  ussr spreaded communism around the world in a very similiar way to what saudis are doing with islam . 
  wow !, 
  you seemed surprised seeing this . 
  the west could of course invade iraq and afganistan and of course easly avoid problems that it caused in europe . 
  it just needed to close the borders and say it clear that people that come to europe , wo n't see a single free euro . 
  europe decided not to avoid it , but to import it . 
  it 's not the first war in the me . 
  besides , muslim terrorists in europe are not only immigrants from syria war-zone . 
  so it 's pay time . 
  i always loved statistics . 
  what really strikes me is that when i was 14 and 11/9 just happened i knew what awaits western europe if the mass muslim flow wo n't stop soon . 
  first the terror , then destabilisation , then rising surveillance . 
  france has a state of emergency for almost half year and it will probably last a lot longer .
