too bad modern architecture usually rejects ornaments . 
  eastern european countries had received a lot of money from the eu thanks to which those countries are building their infrastructure a lot faster that it was before 2004 . 
  just like western europe had their marshall plan earlier . 
  back in 2003 , highway to wroclaw was made of crumbling concrete slabs . 
  it 's suprising how those things are changing really fast . 
  how come norway got it right ? 
  fine , i do n't think that , so i 'm not naive . 
  i 'm sure that money wo n't be really needed soon , but nevertheless i 'm not even against euro , i hope pl will join some day , so why the roughness . 
  i just mentioned , that the concract does n't say when should pl join , so in the matter of fact , the whole obligation is a joke . 
  the contract does n't say when . 
  it can be in 2222 . 
  lukashenko says those things to show , that he 's open for other than russian geopolitical proposals . 
  but nobody 's knocking so far . 
  maybe they can into romania , to be in the eu/western institutions faster ? 
  eastern germans did that . 
  what do you mean by technically . 
  russia says they 're volunteers and that those people are not sent there by orders but by themselves and i assume you believe it ? 
  then why are the widows of those russian soldiers knocking on russian gov and military doors to get a bite of information about what happended to their men ? 
  you can call it whatever you like , i do n't care . 
  there were chances that history would be different . 
  my type ? 
  oh god , what a numskull . 
  i 'm not hating them and i know that 45 million people does n't hate me . 
  i 'm being provocative to show what will be the attitude of many poles towards ukrainians if they actually yes , continue to glorify sick murderers becouse that is the obvious logic if you ca n't see russia . 
  epsecially that the wolyn movie is on it 's way and will probably change the views of many . 
  such events with flag waving are not helping and i 'm here to emphasize that . 
  i used you . 
  no , they want to continue hating us . 
  we should respond with love ? 
  we tried to help them , but they ca n't learn . 
  so if they continue to act like nothing happened , then it wo n't work . 
  `` sorry '' would be good for start . 
  but as i said , they 'll never learn . 
  you 're full of crap . 
  you ca n't imagine what people that had relatives in ukraine felt , when those nazi fuckheads started to glorify those murderers . 
  it does n't touch you directly . 
  for you to know - polish right wing is actually mostly pro-ukrainian . 
  unfortunatelly . 
  i 'm not a right wing , i just hate when someone glorifies murderers of 60 000 people by sick , atrocious methods . 
  it was n't a factory of death like the germans did , it was n't a sentence of slow death , like the ussr did , ukrainians from upa were delighting in methods of killing . 
  those people begged to be shot , just not to be tortured . 
  if that 's so hard to understand to you , then go away . 
  and this is the face of ` been nowhere , know nothing , judge everything ' in australia . 
  ** fuck that support for ukraine ** . 
  now . 
  western europe is right . 
  we should just do business with russia and do n't care a bit about that shithole . 
  they spit on the only country that actually cared about ukraine , so they 'll get what they deserve . 
  do not feed it , please . 
  no , it is n't . 
  you ca n't `` decide '' who you are . 
  you 're raised in a certain culture . 
  in the same way , you can `` consider yourself '' to be napoleon bonaparte , but that does n't change the fact , that you wo n't be him , no matter how deeply you believe in it . 
  maybe you do n't know everything and that 's why you do n't get it . 
  now i 'm sure , thank you . 
  western christianity usually builds prosperous countries . 
  eastern christianity builds misery and chaos . 
  by their fruit you will recognize them . 
  but i do n't hate orthdox christians , i pity them . 
  i think you do n't understand what that term really means . 
  yes , it seems you were right . 
  yes , i hope the ruling party wo n't change . 
  i do n't really understand what are you asking . 
  i did n't say that the ruling party will change , i personally hope it will not . 
  but the government will :-), 
  all the problems between poland and germany were becouse of them hanging in todays kaliningrad . 
  we wanted an access to the baltic sea , they wanted a land connection with eastern prussia . 
  lots of people died on both sides becouse of that situation before it has been solved by ... stalin . 
  well , the government will change anyway in 2015 , after the elections . 
  jagiello did n't rule the commonwealth , he died long before it was estabilished . 
  it 's got a good historical background for it . 
  yeah , right . 
  it 's just a form of taqiyya . 
  that government has 83 % support . 
  not humanity , it 's just islam . 
  these kind of issues does n't happen anywhere else but in muslim societies today , in 2014 . 
  the issue is of course not only beheading , it 's state ( even if the state is illegal ) - approved beheading . 
  and the west can not do anything , becouse it treats islam just as an another religion , where it 's a political ideology as well and it shoud lie on the same shelf with nazism or communism . 
  why there 's no police in there ? 
  sooner those tanks would drive in than they would cut off the gas . 
  slovakia and czech republic of course . 
  i did n't say turkey is a threat . 
  it was a threat , it 's being treated with caution in that region . 
  you never know what will happen . 
  at least i do n't believe in any `` end of history '' . 
  that one with turkey in nato also . 
  south-easten europe was occupied by turkey , so they see russia as a counterbalance . 
  north-eastern europe was occupied by russia so they see turkey the same way . 
  western europe just wants those two to stay balanced forever , so none of them would get strong enough to threat them . 
  maybe it 's time for the sixth french republic . . 
  it would be better for russians as people , but i somehow doubt that russians care more about standards of their living than about being an empire . 
  at least that 's my impression after talks with russians . 
  i see your opinions on this sub as an exception . 
  and besides that , it would maybe work in western russia but a sovereign siberia would not be able to secure it 's population and to respond to the chinese geopolitical pressure . 
  so for them it would be going from one authoritarian state to another , rather worse . 
  it reminds me a song . 
  * win , who is not afraid of war , and that is how you need to understand yalta *, 
  yes it had , in yugoslavia and northen ireland . 
  [ yet ... ] ( http://www.dramabutton.com ), 
  well , you missed here .
