  generally - i 'm opposed . 
  wonder what france offered to millau viaduct landscape-taken victims . 
  but what does it tell you about turkish people if they support him ? 
  i 've read about turks demonstrating in germany against this decision . 
  the goal of the genocide on armenian people was also to exterminate people . 
  the fact that the turks used less technologically developed tools and worse logistics does n't make that genocide less immoral . 
  i 'm living in a big city in southern poland and always when going to northen , cleaner parts of the country , i 'm beginning to cough , 
  it really depends mostly on longterm gas and oil prices . 
  what if shitton of money ends ? 
  wtf turkey , you ca n't get that 2 +2 = 4 or what ? 
  i hope the commision forces pis to solve the crisis . 
  good , becouse you 'll get more spanking soon . 
  wo n't you answer to these arguments made by fellow redditors clearly showing how stupid you are ? 
  if the market is dominated by the pipeline then the pipeline prices are higher . 
  ` once ' was a couple of killings before . 
  we 're in the ` when ' room now . 
  democracy is n't going nowhere from here , it 's just a constitutional court crisis that will be solved when both parties agree that not solving it can cause a downfall in polls , nothing more . 
  and if you do n't believe me - laugh as hard as you can , i do n't care becouse you obviously have n't got any inside look on our politics . 
  just remember that in contrast to your stupid hyperbolization you will have a voluntary , expensive , longterm problem that you 've been warned against but did n't listen . 
  good luck with your muslims , germany . 
  this is n't a joke , i do n't want to have another destabilized neighbour , one ukraine is enough . 
  speak for yourself . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  in a way , you were right . 
  it 's hard to find a proper buyer for a castle . 
  the best way is to make a castle earn the money it 's needed to preserve it . 
  hotels , conference centers , there 's lots of ways to do it . 
  the stadiums where everyone is checked while enetering will be secured and safe , gatherings in the city space ( in the open , larger pubs , places where outdoor screens are going to be set ) would be a much easier target . 
  oh yes , terrorits are dumb , but then again , smarter than french authorities . 
  no , but germany did . 
  when stone age assholes are fucking with usa they end up in guantanamo . 
  only thing you 're doing is getting fucked even more . 
  it seems german moral spine healed awry after ww2 . 
  that 's the cpt sweden attitude i was looking for . 
  thank you . 
  and ** i 'm in stitches ** about the situation in germany . 
  i know . 
  i should n't . 
  but oh yes i am . 
  you should n't change your view about the refugees . 
  these people are n't refugees . 
  nah , the welfare is just low . 
  we 're lazy as everyone else in europe , when we can . 
  you may be surprised but it 's also up to you . 
  some is , otherwise we would n't hire so many hard working ukrainians . 
  thank you, 
  so we ca n't write few simple words of truth without being accused of clickbait , ca n't we ? 
  even the most pessmistic for russia scenarios saw the fall of russia between 2020 and 2030 following economic and demographic crisis and growing disproportions in russian power being between integrating eu and growing china so it 's to early to tell if they were right or wrong . 
  china can dominate east asia , but nothing more , it 's becouse chinese limited access to open seas which will always make their capabilities limited below the potential that one could estimate on the basis of their gdp . 
  maybe it was n't only sucking , muslims had some achievments of their own but as long as the hellenic remains existed . 
  that is people , libraries , knowledge . 
  after those territories became more and more muslim during the ages and the hellenic remains were fewer or already used the progress ended . 
  islam itself is anti-progressive . 
  polish cousine is very similiar to german . 
  it 's heavy . 
  do you realise , that swedish economy is much more similiar to ukish than french ? 
  look at ief index . 
  ... baby do n't hurt me , do n't hurt me ... no more . 
  that people upvote for different reasons , mostly just to keep discussion up . 
  islam was just sucking out what has remained after the hellenic world . 
  all the progressiveness ended with the vanishing remains of the pre-islamic civilisation . 
  volyn and former eastern galicia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia killings in eastern galicia had about 2/3 of the size that volhynia ones had . 
  actually there were more poles living in eastern galicia than volhynia . 
  this does n't justify at all the size of murders done by upa psychopats . 
  i see that one last single polish village that survived the genocide . 
  modern democracy has a little more than 200 years , that really is n't much to say it has passed some huge tests . 
  nothing is eternal while over 95 % of human history were monarchies or corrupted and despotic republics . 
  real democrasies are rare , geographically and historically . 
  those protesting french lack imagination . 
  these laws are not only sensible , they 're necessary to get france out of the bad economy while the only thing those protesters care about are their overregulated and oversized working privileges , that they 've got used to ( and that 's why they 're protesting ) and which are blocking the economy . 
  i 'm not surprised about the attitude of the short-minded part of the french society that is protesting , however i am surprised that it 's the current french goverment that happened to be brave ( they 've gon na have a downfall in support ) and bright enough to realise this is needed and try passing this law . 
  they should , just not literally . 
  i do n't know if most , but many christians believe in the bible literally becouse they are n't really interested in their faith , more like in social aspects of going to church and they really think they have to answer ignorant arguments coming from the atheists who usually have no idea about faith at all . 
  christians of that type are ignorant enough to think that their faith tells them to believe that the world has literally 6000 years . 
  i 'm talking about catholic , orthodox , anglican denominations mostly here . 
  i realise that there are evangelical christians in u.s. that actually are stupid by principle and in my opinion this stupidity has it 's roots in the sola scriptura which most of christian demoninations however does n't follow or does n't follow strictly . 
  it means that a poor farmer with zero knowledge about anything but crops and cows is ready to interpret and understand a 2k old book on his own . 
  ofcourse this is false . 
  i 've already answered on that , why reading bible literally is wrong , you 're repeating yourself . 
  bring some new arguments or go away , becouse while repeating yourself you 're starting to bore me . 
  and yes - evil is nothing more than lack of good . 
  btw , i 'm not a christian role-model , just in conrast to wannabe atheists who usually are full of shit i actually know what christianity is about . 
  those people actually are intelectually poor enough to think that they 're making an argument when asking about `` how could jesus could walk on water , are you stupid , it did n't happen ? 
  ... for over a decade now . 
   you know just as well as i do that people that believe in the bible actually believe it . 
  i ca n't agree on that , i know people that believe differently , even among priests . 
  the bible is in large part true , if you read it right . 
  not as events that actually historically happened , but as where certain actions and decisions will take you or what can you do to fix your life . 
  it was written with symbols becouse that 's how people understood stories 2000 years ago . 
  if three wise men came to jesus , what matters is why the author choose 3 . 
  it has none meaning to us , it had a lot of meaning to ancient people living in roman empire . 
  we 're reading pretty much the same text , but we do n't realise that it 's written in a different language becouse the text was understood in a completely different way . 
  we think about adam as just about a guy named adam , where adam in ancient languages could mean `` man '' , `` father '' or `` red '' ( from the colour of the ground ) , and this is what people 2k years ago seen and understood when reading `` adam '' . 
  this is just an example . 
  the point is that reading a 2k old book without knowledge on things like language , scripture , the way people thinked back then and then having conclusions is n't smart at all . 
  and about your questions . 
  nobody is evil as a person . 
  nor the isis soldier , or even hitler . 
  according to christianity , it 's the sin that 's evil and it 's the sin that makes us unhappy and it 's the fight with the sin where the real barricades should be set up , but not between nations or religions . 
  it 's not the man who is evil .
