  funny as it seems , what does that tell us about russian society if the best-selling newspaper in russia sees this as appropriate for their reading target . 
  and see what ? 
  nsdap needed 37.27 % of voters share to start destabilising the weimar republic . 
  well , the nationalists do fear that muslims will take over the state , but i 'm not sure where that discussion is heading . 
  let 's stop judging by the book and see what happens . 
  campaign talk is just campaign talk . 
  i doubt that he really believes that he 's going to fight terrorism with education . 
  but in campaign it might sell . 
   once they have a recession if they have a recession, 
  nobody reasonable judges politicians by what they said , but what they have done . 
  macron presidency is going to be judged based on the situation in the country , not based on agenda point from few years before which nobody remembers . 
  the ` populists ' ca n't screw up in france becouse they 're not in power and it 's them who are proposing the status quo change . 
  36 % of french is lepen 's core ? 
  may i remind you that we did n't even had a social shock that would be on the great depression levels . 
  could you bring closer things that you find most disturbing from these recent leaks ? 
  these people are hating macron already . 
  i 'm talking about the french majority . 
  in that case the left and right parties will have to move further right and further left with their agenda to run away from the hit , not really a good thing . 
  let 's hope it stays this way . 
  i 'm not into french politics that much , but in poland , parties are often entities of larger political-ideological fronts and these fronts get the hit as a whole , but it depends on the reasons . 
  yeah , but these politics lead to certains status quos that are contradicionary one to another . 
  you ca n't have eu and not have eu at the same point . 
  there are no schr\u00f6dinger 's eus , if it 's going to be dissolved at some point , it wo n't come back fast . 
  agree . 
  that 's why i 've said that this time it 's ` everyone but the socialists ' election after a socialist hated president . 
  i was making an opinion that this scenariu could repeat itself when macron 's presidency will be coming to an end . 
  it 's gradual , every succesful politician is a populist in some part , hence the quotation marks . 
  i meant party leaders tbh but now when you mentioned it ... yeah , ordinary people will be having a passive-aggressive laugh . 
  what matters is what the elites are thinking and how effective are their ways of stealing voters hearts . 
  people in power have to partially answer to what people think they need , and partially they have to deceive them becouse the people do n't always know what they really need . 
  agree , you have a point here . 
  i never was a pis voter , but pis is n't even half-way where le pen is . 
  world is not black & white . 
  the 3rd crisis is n't something that would just ` happen ' , it 's also dependent on eu politicians actions , with macron included . 
  these levels of pollution are fall smaller than slmost all average-old cars have on the streets , if they were sold for 3/4 of their price then owners of 10 year cars would buy them and their 10 year cars would be bought by people driving their 20 year old cars , and those would be scrapped . 
  instead , these new cars will be scrapped , and those 20 year old are still going to be on the streets . 
  it 's time to leave that behind us . 
  it 's pretty obvious that campaign talk is jut campaign talk , nobody intelligent in the western world still believes in campaign talk . 
  let 's focus on what he does and what he did in his career till now . 
  you may be right , but there 's still parliamentary elections where people could vote for ` anyone but macron ' , just like currently from what i 've heard people want to vote for ` everyone but not the socialists ' . 
  i agree with your first part , but not with the second . 
  i ca n't see france getting out of trouble without controversial decisions , i ca n't see the guy responsible for the controversial decisions not getting his ass wiped by the public opinion , especially a public opinion with a very strong pro-welfare attitude . 
  i think i ca n't agree with that . 
  things still did n't get really bad in europe and still can go a lot worse . 
  this political crisis we had ( and are having ) lately is n't even comparable to what history got us used to . 
  for example he has to take some of the working laws and social benefits out and make the market more flexible and - scary word - free . 
  the french , with their extremely pro-welfare attitude will going to be extremely mad , but without those changes , french economy will continue to fade in comparsion on other eu power houses and that means extremists in power in few years . 
  if he has balls to stand against the angry working french mob , to hard reply them , to push his changes despite their loud babbling then it 's fine , but if he does n't have those balls , he 's going to make steps back like hollande did , then he 's going to be both , hated for his ideas and hated for his weakness . 
  i 'd wait how macron and the new government will be doing . 
  becouse if they screw up , then it 's the ` populists ' having the last laugh . 
  macron has a lot work to do , and a lot of controversial decision ahead of him for which the french will hate him . 
  but if he does n't do that , they 'll hate him even more . 
  what a waste . 
  me too . 
  why wo n't they just sell them cheaper . 
  it would probably narrow their electorate . 
  besides , it 's not reflect their policy . 
  it 's a naional-socialist party . 
  never heard about monarchs in power supporting socialism ( except communist quasi-monarchies like in nk ) , they 're too good at counting money . 
  but now you 're poor like cee :p . 
  in my opinion k\u00f6nigsberg should be polish or independent . 
  giving it to germany brings back the polish-german geopolitical conflict over land access to k\u00f6nigsberg vs our access to baltic which was one of the main reason behind multiple wars , with world wars inclued and one of the main reasons we could n't get along with germans through history . 
  keeping it russian might cause a conflict between lithuania and russia which could involve nato and lead to a nasty solution . 
  lithuania is too small to take responsability for k\u00f6nigsberg with it 's russian population . 
  lithuanian population is too small and drastically falling . 
  so it 's us or independence . 
  after translation from mendacitic language : `` it 's not whistleblowing when it hits someone we like ! '', 
  ** proportions in this map are wrong ** . 
  for example , compare the 5,5 mln sweden square with 15mln belgian congo . 
  russia has still very high hdi : http://www.nationsonline.org/oneworld/human_development.htm, 
  not an aware atheist . 
  there were no complex non-theist theories explaining the world . 
  if you narrow the atheist definition to just a person that says there 's no god or i do n't know nothing about any god and fuck it all , then agree , but in that case , even my sock is an atheist . 
  i 'm saying aware atheists not without a reason . 
  it was n't my point at all , read more carefully . 
  it 's complicated . 
  it depends on the form and size . 
  imho south-eastern europe has too many contradicting interests to north-eastern europe but that does n't mean a common ground can not be found if there are some potential huge benefits that could come from this unity . 
  another thing is that we 're poor and that makes our elites easy to play from west-european power houses that rather wo n't like the idea becouse they 'd rather see just markets and a buffer zone without ambition in us , so i 'm not sure it 's worth the attempt becouse this would be a struggle - again - it depends on potential benefits . 
  the third thing is russia . 
  as long as there is a semi-imperial russia , it would be a struggle with them as well . 
  tbh , i 'm not afraid of a russian invasion much . 
  but i am afraid about russian implosion which would and probably will bring economic and political chaos to the whole cee region and maybe even further . 
  hard to predict what happens then , but this ` intermarium federation ' would have to probably take some responsability in arranging the political and economic shape of post-semi-imperial-russia spheres of influence and i 'm not keen on that . 
  i 'd rather expect from my country to develop it 's economy quietly , than getting involved ` in the east ' . 
  there 's only going to be trouble coming from that . 
  not quite http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/ltu/ your biggest trade partners are russia , germany , poland and latvia . 
  it 's good that you cooperate with nordics , connectivity is good , however the main source of your economic strength lies elsewhere . 
  and when it comes to safety , whole north-eastern europe should work together . 
  for us , lithuanian security is crucial for our own security , for sweden it 's just important , becouse in geopolitical terms , they 're on an island anyway . 
  how come i missed that , this is so good . 
  however , it 's surprising to me that seagal is generating such emotions . 
  i thought nobody gives a shit about him at this point . 
   nothing good can come from that government . 
  world is never black and white . 
  at this point these meeting are rather to find , what 's the common ground , if there is any . 
  imho countries south to carpathians have many different interests than those north to it . 
  oh god . 
  who cares . 
  it 's for orientantion , not strict definition .
