  you were threated really gently compared to the eastern parts of reich , so it was obviously easier to bury the hatchet for you , and all you do now is bitching about an internet pic . 
  is n't that silly ? 
  it 's just like the jewish community which lost the biggest percentage of their people are often complaining about the holocaust and i do n't see anything wrong in that . 
  i really can understand it . 
  something like that is a trauma for the whole nation , french people did n't face something even close to that ever in the modern history , so please , do n't tell me that you now what war is . 
  do n't worry , we really like france . 
  you can call us bitter or unforgiving or anything you like , becouse your words , having those facts in mind , wo n't ever have any value unless you educate yourself . 
  well , i personally have this need to call you a pussy becouse all that bitching about a single internet pic . 
  napoleonic wars . 
  yeah , ` kidding ' ... 
  not sure if you know that it 's not a real surname ... 
  i was in serbia in december and the ` wrong ' alphabet can be seen almost everywhere in belgrade . 
  i did n't say a word in that matter but i generally agree with your second sentence , despite the fact that actually 400 000 foreign people live and work in my country ( of course it 's not a lot compared to western eu ) . 
  actually this ` low standard of living ' is pretty high for lots of people around the world , but first of all - we 've got richer neighbours and second - we 've got very strict immigration and citizenship policies for non-shengeners . 
  even people with polish descent from kazakhstan or russia have vast troubles with legalizing their living or working here . 
  they do n't have a chance in central-eastern europe . 
  thank god we 're not that tolerant as western eu societies were recently nor we ever be . 
  if ruling parties wo n't really answer thoses issues then of course someone else will , probably with some more or less brown uniform background . 
  we did n't really dig or scan the moon enough to make any real estimations on the value of moon resources ... for centuries middle east was just a resource-empty desert with angry people . 
  it 's not the end . 
  greek debt is unpayable and in some point greece is going to go bankrupt or the debt will be in a large part canceled . 
  probably the second option . 
  what has been gained is a pause , during which some castlings are to be made . 
  where as i agree that drugs should be legal , then i can not agree that those 31 million people were arrested just for smoking weed . 
  `` drug related '' means also violence between drug gangs and many , many other things . 
  beside i do n't get that division on violent and non-violent crimes with a suggestion that authors of those non-violent are by definition not meant to be imprisoned . 
  you can steal a lot of money without violence , google bernard madoff . 
  that fist and nose phrase is a metaphor . 
  i did n't say that u.s. system is perfect , but it has more freedom to offer for those who decided not to become criminals compared to other countries , that 's why it of course can be called a land of free and of course judging that it 's not a land of free becouse many decided to do so is completly stupid no matter how hard you 're going to tramp your feet . 
  i see that you have some knowledge , so what is that significant proportion of plant smokers in us jails ? 
  there 's irony only if you consider freedom as a right to steal and murder and generally become a criminal . 
  i do n't . 
  for me , freedom limits are when my fist ca n't reach your nose . 
  if you obey this rule , you 're pretty much free in the us compared to an average country if you break it do n't be suprised to land in jail . 
  and it 's complety irrelevant if it 's being broken by 0.1 % of the population or 20 % . 
  you can have a lot of freedom in a country and at the same time a lot of criminals so you ca n't tell the level of freedom based on prison rate , it 's completely stupid . 
  better ask who 's not sick today . 
  there are just a lot of these people everywhere . 
  to rise demographic growth along youths, 
  drachma will go down 50 % in a week and greek gdppc will fall below eastern-eu levels but after that it 's going to slowly recover . 
  do n't worry , you 'll create crimes against your future generation as well :-), 
  yeah , and ussr was established fully legally ... 
  europe 20 years ago tolerated massive immigration from the islamic world and thrown those people into ghettos where many of them radicalized over the years in mosques similiar to those mentioned in the article . 
  a terrorist is not being born yesterday , he 's usually raised with a particular mindset over the years . 
  which part do you not understand . 
  if 80 mosques are incicting violence in such liberal ( compared to other arabic countries ) tunisia then this is just another proof that islamism is far , far more than some kind of rareness in the islamic world . 
  and if this issue would not be swept under the carpet for the last 20 years by european governments then we would n't have a terrorist attack in france every 6 moths nowadys . 
  polefromsilesia thinks he 's a conservative and they hate gays in russia , so . . 
  and what are yours ? 
  if so , they 're overrating poland so much . 
  nobody in power around here even thinks in these categories . 
  if few talking heads are such a threat , then russia really has those clay legs . 
  you 're right in some part . 
  what british did to the irish did n't differ much from atrocities done in xx age by totalitarian states . 
  most people have pretty good opinion about his work ( from 59 % ( tns survey ) to 73 % ( cbos survey ) . 
  distance to london : ~ 25600km . 
  distance to buenos : ~ 1900km . 
  distance to london is ~ 13.5 longer than to buenos . 
  for me it would be a big facilitation . 
  time and costs related with everyday business could be really much smaller for the falklanders . 
  however you can feel secure , argentina acts like an agressor instead of making an offer for those people . 
  if argentina wants those islands it should make a proposal for people of falklands . 
  money , investing , access to argentinian cultural centres on many levels etc. 
  it would be probably much cheaper to fly to buenos than to london to do your business , study something or even visit a theater . 
  30-60 years of this policy and they 'd won the referendum . 
  but according to my knowledge argentina is pretty much closed for falklanders , i 'm not sure if the argentinian government is actually keen to get falkands . 
  it 's rather a convenient topic for the media when they need some noise to happen . 
  being military neutral does n't mean someone is independent or not . 
  ukraine can also have exercises with whoever they want , they just do n't want to have exercises with russia for well known reasons . 
  entering eu cost a lot of effort and it 's not a disadvantage as you 're trying to manipulate here but an advantage . 
  sorry , that eu is not some crappy eeu where everyone can enter . 
  the date of ukraine entering eu is in ukrainian hands so your commnet is completly ridicolous . 
  nobody said ukraine would join in next 5 or even 10 years . 
  that 's obvious . 
  eu politicians claimed only that the doors are open for the future . 
  look at all those nazis !, 
  israel has 2.65 and it 's a developed country . 
  it 's thanks to highly religious groups . 
  it says that you can have both . 
  thanks , captain !, 
  you ca n't tell what lukashenko actually thinks . 
  he 's just leaving both doors open for now . 
  there 's nothing like a xehophobic joke in the mornig . 
  yeah , if ukraine and moldova falls , estonia and latvia are obviously next . 
  i do n't even know where to start , i heard that poland is a vatican colony , russian-german secret condominium and a playgroud of satanic masons that want to kill us , the christ of nations or a victim of german-jewish conspiracy to took our money and land . 
  i know , money , right ? 
  besides that , the us&a want to use us to start a war with russia , sikorski was killed by the british becouse stalin did n't like him and of course smolensk plane crash was intended by putin with former pm tusk . 
  frist germans , later russians , at the end our imposed regime were aiming at the elites , teachers , engineers , priests , higher army officers etc. 
  we , as a nation , had our head cut off . 
  everyone here is just wittering . 
  1 ) pick a definition of a first world country , you 're satisfied with . 
  2 ) check if czech republic is a first world country accodring to it , it will probably be easy , becouse we 've got plenty of public data centers , that show gdppc , gini index , hdi factors and other that can help find the answer . 
  without that the only anwer you 'll get is `` oh prague was pretty so i think yes '' or `` oh i was in the country side and a cow with a lousy looking farmer crossed my road , so no '' . 
  free health care ? 
  who do you think is paying those people , aliens ? 
  well , it was n't only poles that bring up that for them bismarck was a dick . 
  there were also bulgarians , french and even a bavarian . 
  you 've got some serious problems with inteprepreting what other people say . 
  of course i 'm not talking about the colonization by nations outside of the european sphere , i did n't start that topic , we 're of course talking about colonization by nations inside of the european sphere , which still is a colonization according to all definitions in any dictionary other than ` well me and my friends think that ' . 
  i did n't say bismarck colonised parts of poland .
