  if not - i 'm afraid i have to refuse your request . 
  well , you know , this happended : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia and when after that someone is marching under a red-black flag they ca n't search for sympathy , at least not here . 
  maybe , but i 've visited ukraine several times and it struck me that there were hardly any kids on the streets . 
  poles do n't hate russians , they hate the russian state becouse most of the history it acted aggresively towards their state or did not let them have an independent one . 
  at the same time they love russian literature and music , not too many movies though . 
  you earned this , so you can eventually punch yourself :-), 
  so this is the end , they need to block the information canals so people ca n't compare the shit they live in with what could be avalible for them . 
  it was no pleasure . 
  hope the next russia ( s ? 
  ) , after the crash will be pro-western for once . 
  give it to them . 
  then close the borders . 
  poles had big hopes bonded with napoleon at the beginning of xix century , soon after partition , he 's even got his own 2 lines in our anthem . 
  if svoboda or any bandera fans will rule ukraine someday , then i would wish those who vote for them , to end under soviet hammer again and fucking taste it . 
  but poland did bring christianity to lithuania when jagiello married jadwiga . 
  jagiello was the first lithuanian ruler who was baptised becouse it was a requirement to become the king of poland and create an alliance between these two countries , later transformed into commonwealth . 
  baptism of the whole country ( jagiello signed act of kr\u0117va to do so ) in that time meant that a country joins the western civilisation . 
  so this is how the end of putin era starts . 
   maybe they will finally realize that we , ukrainian nationalists , are not enemies for them , and direct their hatred in more constructive direction . 
  sometimes you just have to show a picture . 
  some people around here are becoming more sceptic about ukraine protests when they see those bandera red-black flags waving over . 
  everyone knows about volhynia massacre , many had grandparents which had to escape from volhynia becouse of the slaughter done by ukrainian nationalits during ii ww in todays western ukraine . 
  many of those people are still alive . 
  maybe it would all be all history if not people like andrij tarasenko , who openly say that south-east poland should belong do ukraine . 
  despite that , poles would like to see a modern , independent and stable ukraine , likely joining western structures . 
  however memory about those massacres and such statements will undermine trust for a long time and it will be used by some people to ` divide et impera ' both nations . 
  no cunning propaganda tricks are needed . 
  best fm poland had after 89 . 
  well , among the protesters there are nationalists from svoboda party and other groups . 
  you ca n't close your eyes on those facts . 
  what a twaddle . 
  not anti-eu here . 
  they do n't have to . 
  eu does n't care about ukraine . 
  sad but true . 
  it can sail back again . 
  these things do happen , examples : finnish , hebrew . 
  and most famous french artists were ... not french :p, 
  in the hospital : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1r_v8upl6u#t=17, 
  and i do n't know where have you read that he 's denying it . 
  he 's just saying that you can kill the terrorists and destroy their structures with guns , but you wo n't kill an idea . 
  and he 's right . 
  ok , i 've learned something today  . 
  i guess on reddit , if you have no argumentation , then you practise name calling . 
  to those , that do n't know : `` polack '' in the anglosphere is an offensive term . 
  if you would ask nicely i would answer your strange doubts but if you decided to take this discussion below a certain level , then this discussion ( with you ) ends here becouse you do n't care about the truth only about offending people you do n't agree with . 
  i 'm not interested . 
  and this ` conservative islam ' is very popular in europe as the data shows : http://www.wzb.eu/sites/default/files/u6/koopmans_englisch_ed.pdf here 's about the instutution that made this research : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_science_research_center_berlin what 's more , there are other researches which have very similiar conlusions and this kind of events ( and there 's a lot of them ) fits very well in the general picture of what are we dealing here with . 
  oh , one more thing : you wont offend me by calling me an islamophobe , so you 're wasting your keyboard becouse i honestly do n't care , thank you  . 
  people in europe are used to think that there is always an distinction between religion and politics . 
  but this appears in eorupean culture thanks to its christian past with its `` give back to caesar what is caesar 's and to god what is god 's '' . 
  it did n't always work , but in my opinion it ( with greek past as well ) begot a way of thinking about power as something that should be divided and not hold by only one option . 
  firstly there was an institutional separation of state and church powers where they controlled each other not to hold to much of this power . 
  it did n't always work , but then again : thanks to that montesquieu had an idea to institutionally divide the power inside the state itself so at the end we live in states , where nobody has all the power which at some level prevents our states from becoming totalitarian . 
  and now there 's islam which has no idea about those long-evolving constructions . 
  the problem is that islam is not only a religion but a whole political system like democracy or nazism and a religion . 
  somehow we are banning nazism becouse we think it 's devastating . 
  if islam would be treated this way we could put some restrictions on it , but islam is treated only as a religion so restraining it would be against some fundamental european values . 
  this ` hole ' enables a rise of a political totalitarian power in the very heart of europe only becouse it 's being treated as a religion :-) . 
  ok , now repeat : it has nothing do to with islam , it has nothing do to with islam , it has nothing do to with islam , it has nothing do to with islam ... unfortunately : yes it does . 
  look at the map of russia . 
  turn your head left . 
  you 're gon na see a tiny little country called poland . 
  maybe this will give a little bit of perspective . 
  this statement ` russia sees poland as one of the bigger threats to their national security ' is just odd and ridiculous . 
  well , probably u know the case better , i 'm depending on the opinion of the french part of my family and they are n't especially ` right ' . 
  maybe he inherited some of the problems , but his solutions only makes them worse . 
  the good part about him are those french interventions in africa . 
  becouse it 's an act of political demonstration and protest ? 
  nobody cares about this worst french president in their history ( as a person ) but he is still an institution - head of the french state . 
  in my opinion , it 's a myth ( globally ) , you can say it 's true locally in some situations . 
  this trend does n't have to be accurate in 2100 . 
  in the 60 's and 70 's demographers scared people about overpopulation . 
  for 20 years now we know it 's bullshit and we are being scared about our culture dying out . 
  the fact is , that demographic trends just change , and it 's not really worth to extrapolate these current trends more than 3-4 decades ahead . 
  besides : this european trend of low fertility is in fact a world trend . 
  europe was just first , but fertility figures are dropping all over the world . 
  becouse those are not just trade but also political deals . 
  yes , that 's silly . 
  but that 's not what happened . 
  lenin opressed ukraine politically as well as the pre-1917 tsars did and ukrainians know their history usually quite well . 
  they had to be a part of ussr as earlier they had to be a part of the tsar empire . 
  the difference is that soviet system was more bloody . 
  answering your question : the one who has the power , there 's no absolute law for this . 
  in democracy it 's the majority . 
  i can not tell if ukrainians are in favour of this as a majority . 
  if i would be an ukrainian i would certainly be in favor . 
  i do n't see anything good that lenin gave ukraine and it would have to be a lot to recompansate things that he took . 
  we 're moving towards ad personam argumentation , are we ? 
  no , they were n't . 
  most people that were sent to siberia during tsar era were n't sent to prisons , only for exile . 
  it was n't needed to set in prisons everyone . 
  they got a one way ticket and they could not move back to european russia . 
  most of people that were sent to siberia in tsar era started to be a part of the siberian part of the russian society . 
  the could live there , travel , they just could not get back . 
  a vast minority was set to force labour ( the katorga punishment ) . 
  but even the katorga during the xix century became less repressive ( for example , in later years they could choose a place where they had to work , they were paid for the work and they could travel in the gubernia ) . 
  the majority that was sent just for the exile in late tsar russia could get even money to start a living , some of those were even getting more or less regular salaries . 
  late tsar system was n't even in 1/5 as repressive as the after-1917 one . 
  great , and in tsar era nobody was even sent to the gulag prison system and that 's the difference .
