  when people do agree with it , they call it social education or some other euphemistic , nice words that mean generally the same thing . 
  and yes , when indoctrinating a child , you can pass better or worse values . 
  you can pass more or less truth . 
  that 's why there 's all this fuss , indoctrination by itself does n't have to mean something bad , it matters what values are being passed to the children . 
  in this case , it 's spreading a kind of hate and that 's why in this case it 's bad , but that does n't change the fact that indoctrination of children just is and probably always will be . 
  there are diffrences : - populists winning in uk and us were n't so much far right . 
  this has made them more votable . 
  she 's couple steps further on this . 
  - fillon is the right answer for populism . 
  why ? 
  in contrary to clinton , he 's not runnig away from issues that made populists popular . 
  he knows that solving these issues is important . 
  his terminology is n't accusing anyone for even asking . 
  this makes him votable for people that are tired of current status quo making her not the only answer for these people which was the case in us and uk . 
  and most of the others will vote for him just to stop her from winning . 
  only thing that worries me , is this fatal , suicidal attraction that french society has towards interventionism , regulated economy that makes him not votable for a large part of their society . 
  french people are n't aware , that this is n't the cure , it 's the desease itself . 
  france needs to be deregulated if it wants to get back on fast growth track . 
  i do, 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  this one is hunting butthurted brits . 
  exactly . 
  your media reports on some ( loud ) cases . 
  that does n't mean the objective statistics support this myth , you 're told to believe . 
  / u/marktplatz is just spreading myths , which clearly are n't true , there is no such correlation , people choose homeschooling for various reasons , some of those reasons are just louder . 
  if you choose homeschooling here , and probably almost everywhere in europe , you still have to stick to the plan made by the ministry of education . 
  going to church does n't mean someone 's a religious fundamentalist . 
  it 's just being religious . 
  they do n't care about your opinion and therefore they do fucking dare . 
  we 're at ` now what ' point at this moment , if you have n't noticed . 
  you do n't have to buy useless shit for christmas . 
  it 's a decision everyone 's making . 
  for a gift , you can take someone to a theater or just buy useful shit . 
  i know she is n't smart , but never heard her saying something on this matter . 
  this is a very polite joke . 
  i know one ugly joke that is n't polite at all . 
  what separates humans from animals ? 
  it 's the mediterranean sea . 
  can you name them ? 
  you people are obsessed with your butthurt . 
  in terms of biology , there is no such things as human races , with one exception , there is a discussion if the pygmy people can be considered as the second race . 
  races from a ` common ' or ` human science ' perspective are arbitrary and does n't have much common with science, 
  the further you push the pendulum , the more it swings back . 
  that 's why i do n't believe a thing called ` secularism ' even exists . 
  there 's always a dominant ideology , it does n't have to be a religious one . 
  i do n't see a difference between them when it comes to utilitarian use in politics . 
  secular and religious ideologies can and are both used to shape the society in a similiar way . 
  christianity just lost to liberal democracy as the leading ideology . 
  german and polish cuisines are very similiar . 
  those are different , irish gypsies , called ` travellers ' , which are not the roma people . 
  those two groups just share a nomadic lifestyle, 
  you 're bigoted . 
  so as us in the early 19th century . 
  canada is a nation under construction . 
  learning smaller languages is worthwhile if you plan to do business in such country . 
  also , if it goes for europe , german and russian are pretty important as well . 
  we had 30 ( ! ), 
  governments in 1918-1939 from which 14 in 1918-1926 . 
  i like the black dress . 
  we 're having a craft beer market explosion right now , so there 's plenty of good beer around . 
  armed and trained citiziens is the only chance they have even if us wo n't turn back on them . 
  good intentions is one thing , technical aspects of how to solve things is another . 
  and baltics are indefensible without belarus being on the nato side . 
  russia has a very easy access to the baltics with belarus on russian side , while nato has only the suwalki gap , which will be shut down immediately . 
  at the same time it would take 2-3 weeks at least for nato to bring the toys to the baltic . 
  1-2 days and baltics are gone . 
  if i were them i would n't buy a single plane or a single tank , but arm the civilians to the teeth . 
  poland will have a constitutional referendum in the next 2 years leading to more ruling party gets more ruling type of governing . 
  i 'm pretty sure about that . 
  after that pis will start loosing support so they ca n't wait 3-4 years . 
  spain just ca n't get enough of it 's unemployment rate . 
  why not make it worse . 
  is this slavoj \u017di\u017eek ? 
  ( sorry for making stupid people famous ) . 
  oh , the evil globalists ... 
  it will , sadly . 
  dictator - yes . 
  i 'm not a franco fan , but calling franco a fascist is misleading . 
  well , these regions does n't have to fit current borders , france is a good example , a country that is generally western-european , but undoubtedly it has some parts in southern europe . 
  i generally agree with this http://i.imgur.com/k3z79ij.jpg however i do n't mind if someone has different classification . 
  it 's only for purpose of orientation . 
  sometimes it has more sense to make a dual-like classification on western and eastern europe to show something . 
  in such case germany is obviously western european and poland eastern european . 
  i do n't mind being called part of eastern europe . 
  i love this region . 
  but i often see redditors from smaller cee countries insisting . 
  far-right propose quick solutions based on anger . 
  you ca n't build anything on that . 
  on the other hand mainstream parties did n't adress the problem at all , or did almost nothing to solve it . 
  that 's why far-right went mainstream , as nobody else was talking about it and at the same time people are worried about it . 
  in my opinion , people like fillon are pretty much close to a proper approach , europe needs more people like him . 
  i think we should do both , closing the gate shorterm and searching for solution longterm , however it needs to be a solution that can be adjusted to what 's actually happening . 
  i would love to take in all those people if we only could brainwash them with our ideology so they could fit it . 
  but this is n't working , they 're keeping their own custom , tradition , religion , language and taking more of that is a straight road to destabilisation and loosing your country . 
  this article was n't written by an oracle . 
  you should treat it like a warning , not a prophecy . 
  nobody really knows how will climate change influence migration , it does n't have to be an apocalypse . 
  closing the `` fucking gate '' is a proper reaction at this moment . 
  what 's extreme about it ? 
  it 's a happening .
