  this statistic shows that the number of guns does n't mean much when it comes to making murdering popular or not . 
  lol , i 'm not going to discuss with an asshole like you . 
  this is n't rational , you 're listing some few incidents while homicide rates in poland are very low . 
  you 're being scared becouse of media yelling about each one of them , but when you look at the actual statistics , poles do n't differ much from other european nations and things like you described could happen in every country . 
  france had a pm assasinated in the interwar period , uk is out of the league becouse of ira . 
  it does n't mean much in a scale of a country . 
  today , tensions in poland are n't more extreme than those in let 's say great britain or france . 
  edit : i guess i wo n't get my answer  . 
  no facts support this view . 
  there 's no sense checking pre-war criminal statistics . 
  police generally was a lot less effective back then globally so it does n't put any light on current situation , society looked and behaved differently . 
  homicide rates are falling in civilised countries that have a lot guns and we should compare polish situation to another modern country with similiar cultural background and recent history but which has a lot of guns , and that 's czechia . 
  most people feel attached to the places they were born , raised and where they have families and friends . 
  most people see emigration as the last thing they 'd want . 
  so that 's there for them . 
  well , if you 'd read the article ...  the eu still represents the promise of a better future , but in some parts of society , this certainty is eroding through turkey 's growing influence in addition to increasing islamism . '', 
   per capita , more fighters from kosovo have joined islamist militias in the middle east than from any other country in europe . 
  one-sixth of the jihadists from kosovo have fallen in battle , but many of them have since returned home . 
  the government in pristina does what it can to combat radical imams , but in a recent statement , the german government noted : `` saudi arabian missionary organizations are also active in kosovo , spreading the wahhabi interpretation of islam by sending preachers . '', 
   for half a millennium , kosovo was under ottoman rule and now turkish economic and cultural influence is again on the rise . 
  turkish investors have pumped a billion euros into sectors such as transportation and energy , but money has also been made available for private schools , student dormitories and grants for koran students to study in turkey . 
   [ ... ] also ... https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/apr/02/bosnia-turkey-ottoman-influence-balkans-sarajevo http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/us-weary-of-turkey-s-neo-ottoman-ambitions-in-the-balkans/2027/5 https://www.swp-berlin.org/fileadmin/contents/products/research_papers/2016rp11_vcc.pdf https://europeanwesternbalkans.com/2016/07/01/the-influence-of-russia-and-turkey-in-the-western-balkans/ and many , many more sources, 
  i wish poland would be more like czech republic on this matter . 
  we 're one the most disarmed nations in europe and i do n't like it . 
  traditionally , we 're a quite pro-gun nation , it only changed during the war and communism . 
  you 've just proven you did n't . 
  imo you 're wrong . 
  if europe will decide to federalize , us will need britain much more . 
  we 're more and more in the old game and yet there are still people saying that geopolitics do n't play much role today becouse geography is a `` xix century thing ' . 
  `` how can turkey possibly expand in the balkans - greece and bulgaria are in the eu ! '', 
  they said . 
  read more carefuly , becouse you did n't understand . 
  we had exchanges with germany every year and it does n't seem to be an exception anywhere . 
  but yeah , it 's the polish side pushing for it becouse of german language classes and they were organized mostly by german language teachers . 
  schools generally had those . 
  if it comes to our school then yeah , we never had anyone from berlin during my times at school , they were mostly from western germany , from a city our city had partnership with . 
  they were afraid that this might go further into some kind of bullying or general rejection from other pupils . 
  as soon as they realised that it 's only stupid jokes coming from one group , they removed the stick out of their asses ( and i suggest you do the same ) and got along with others quite well . 
  you 're wrong again , german schools did trips to poland all the time , at least in my school times . 
   lack of education : typically the ones with the nazis `` jokes '' ( they rarely are ) do n't have much to show for in terms of education , otherwise you would n't make those moronic `` jokes '' to begin with . 
  i do n't agree . 
  you can be well educated with nazi history and still make ugly jokes if you do n't have to much manners or empathy . 
  okay , fair point . 
  after looking at some early copies of this article on the internet , it seems the article has been editoralized after the police statement came out . 
  good for bbc . 
  lack of manners , probably , but what has that to do with lack of knowledge ? 
  yes , they looked afraid . 
  you were n't there . 
  you have n't seen their faces . 
  and yet , you 're making theories only on simply disagreeing . 
  you 're wrong and yes , they were very afraid of being called nazis and it doens ' t matter that you find hard to imagine it . 
  i di n't pick up the supposed `` all poles are assholes '' judgement anywhere . 
  please read you discutants more carefuly . 
  this is not `` unproven '' but unproven . 
  the bbc shows one side unproven narrative that we do n't even know if happened . 
  and most facts that the police pointed out say that it probably did n't happened . 
  not pointing that out but pushing for one sided narrative that you believe is making fake-news . 
  if i 'll write an article that you 're a pedophile and that you fucked a 10 year old girl just yesterday , and i wo n't mention that you disagree and that you 've got serious arguments ( like camera footage ) against this accusation , it is n't fake news ? 
  that 's wishful thinking on your part . 
  you did n't seen them and their faces and as i said , it 's easy to distinguish dissaproval ( or embaressment ) and fear on one 's face . 
  i did n't make any jokes i just saw some pupils making them . 
  but you 're wrong . 
  they really seemed scared , you have n't seen them . 
  it 's rather easy to distinguish dissaproval and fear on one 's face . 
  becoue bbc is saying ( and they say more than you just suggested ) about an unproven set of events as they were true . 
  you 're obviously butthurt , you just ca n't hide it . 
  and now you 're even racist with your own stupid defitinition of racism :d . i have to say , it is entertaining to talk with you . 
  as i said before , it is fake news , becouse the bbc narrative says like it did happen where as we do n't know that yet . 
  seems like everything i said was right . 
  i 'm not buthurt becouse i know i 'm not racist , i do n't need to care about your labels since i now know i 've met another moron that does n't know what this word means . 
  it 's uplifting to be labeled by someone like you , not downgrading , becsoue it pretty much proves you do n't have other arguments . 
  however , i do n't think you 'll understand . 
  you 're the one that 's butthurt here . 
  it is fake news , becouse the bbc narrative says like it did happen where as we do n't know that yet . 
  theeere you go , you 're your own caricature . 
  i do n't care if i 'm called racist , it does n't mean anything anymore , so feel free . 
  i can help you , i dissaprove islam and i 'm openly comparing it to nazism . 
  see , i made it easier for you , now you 've got ground to label me . 
  but apart from that this is fake-news and that 's why poles are buthurt . 
  that 's sad to hear . 
  however , back in my school-times i remember germans who came along to our town on the basis of school exchange . 
  i remember polish pupils making jokes referring nazism , just for the sake of teasing those german pupils as they were so scared that someone would bring any nazi thing at them . 
  they looked almost traumatized that someone would see them as nazis after one of these jokes which would put them in such light if not the fact , that these were obvious jokes . 
  on the other hand , people care less and less about `` racism '' since it 's being so often being used wrongly . 
  you suggest that we should bring it back to them ? 
  wish all wars were like that today . 
  i do n't suppose there 's many of them left in germany . 
  apart from the marriage thing itself , what a great political and aggressive move from schulz it was . 
  she stumbled and he 's using all that this occasion could give him . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i never get why he 's one of the old respected holywood directors . 
  his works were always pushing his own views so hard , that it 's impossible to watch it with pleasure . 
  the cock with balls is in wroc\u0142aw already , choose another name  http://www.dailyfailcentral.com/sites/default/files/fail/am0pnov_700b.jpg, 
  offtopic : is this true , that you 're legally obligated to call the local fire station that you 're about to start a campfire , even if it 's at your place in germany ? 
  true ( as long as immigrants are producing gdp faster than they eat it ) , however it comes with a different price . 
  a 4 % rise in 19 years is n't catastrophic . 
  i 'd say it 's expected for a long time given the fact how german demographics look like where new generations are 30 % -50 % smaller than the generations that will soon retire . 
  it depends . 
  murder rates among white americans are on higher european levels . 
  it 's more than usual in europe , but not `` 10 times higher '' .
