  armenia was being christianized during the rule of tiridates iii ( 286 - ) , the milestone was in 301 when tiridates became christian and christianity was set as the official religion , so the map is correct . 
  you 're full of lies . 
  those christian lands were conquered by muslim turks and people were forced to convert . 
  islam was spreaded with sword everywhere . 
  iberia was rightfully reconquered from muslims , becouse the penisula was christianized earlier before something called `` islam '' was even invented ( ofcourse muslims conquered chrisian iberia with sword as well ) . 
  so , what happened to muslim iberia ? 
  justice . 
  i agree , btw , how 's the bridge going ? 
  for me it looks like the main purpose of the commonwealth is just to be there and wait for a time when it might get handy , trying to save any political value of the colonial times that has left to eventually build something upon it if there will be a need for something like that . 
  member states have no legal obligation to one another , keeping it running does n't cost much . 
  however if those reasons wo n't come in the next decades it will probably gradually fall apart . 
  i think we do , we 're living in one the most peaceful times of all and murder rates are globally really low compared to what they used to be . 
  maybe i should use the / s. 
  commonwealth seems to be shit for about some time now . 
  well . 
  those things that they 're talking about that the eu would take away ( that is - you would take them away from yourself ) are those things , that you 're getting now . 
  hey . 
  you can always sell your shit to commonwealth nations if eu shuts your access to eu market . 
  so romatnic . 
  the us is pro eu but not pro ef  . 
  ask the whole fucking minor asia , north africa and armenians . 
  if there is something bad happening and we 've got the ability to change it , why not change it ? 
  should n't we try to make the world a better place ? 
  everything flows ... and the geography factor is constant . 
  i can . 
  i just do n't accept the ` fluid ' broader definition as it 's completely arbitrary . 
  german society was democratic when they were choosing the nazis for the first time , the love that germans had for hitler is at it 's root the same kind of love voters had for obama and trump . 
  well , about the narrowed sense . 
  i 'm just agaist calling voting for trump a mob democracy as something contradicting the way voting for others work . 
  that 's not what i 've suggested . 
  that the way mob works when voting for trump in any way differs from the way your sophisticated candidate is being chosen . 
  pfff , you think you 're better ? 
   ) trump may be willing to like things you do n't like , but the mechanism is the same as among other candidates . 
  lol , now you 're doing the same thing you 're critisizing . 
  i 'm not advocating this solution . 
  is n't that on for like 2 years now ? 
  he probably had in mind those , who are already there from generations in case they would radicalize . 
  becouse there was n't enough of those , who were in favor . 
  he had statistics given and still continues to talk shit despite them . 
  it 's a troll . 
  imagine what would heppen if the turkey visa-free agreement would work . 
  the gas market is n't free . 
  the energy as a whole is pretty much everywhere one of the most regulated branch there is . 
  also : you need to know that the whole price is not always expressed in the formal agreement . 
  if you can get the cheaper gas but it 's it 's required from you to take an unprofitable stance in an important political case , then you have to include those calculations and who knows - maybe the cheaper gas is n't that cheap after all . 
  no , seriously , stop trolling , bye . 
  gibberish and wishes . 
  still not interested . 
  you still did n't see the emoticon , did you . 
  geez , so serious . 
  why ? 
  i 'm proud of iiirp . 
  it was one of the fastest growing economies in the world and during that time poland had one it 's highest civilisational jumps in history . 
  every objective measure says that . 
  it 's an example for others to follow . 
  edit : oh , you missed the '  ' . 
  sooner or later it always ends bad to anyone who raises hand against poland  . 
  where is tsarist russia , ussr , ii and iii reich , the mongols , prussia ? 
  still there . . 
  i wonder how come is russia allowing that . 
  they 've got all the power to prevent it . 
  look . 
  i 'm not interested in talking with you on eu pros and cons . 
  ca n't you understand that ? 
  i 'm tired of hearing the same crap over and over again . 
  you really did present yourself in the first post you 've made . 
  your hyperbolic comment said nothing about the eu but you 've said a lot about yourself . 
  following ? 
  allright then . 
  the next time you 're going to be so urgen on discussing , ask yourself , do you have any knowledge , your discutant is n't aware of , think about what your discutant can earn when taking his time on discussion with you , and then eventually start . 
  and for now - good bye !, 
  i 'm not interested in debating with you on eu cons and pros , move on . 
  wow , what a great ilustration you 've made of yourself . 
  beyond my expectations . 
  did you asked yourself why are those migrants in calais in the first place ? 
  the fastest way to kick them out is to not disturb them . 
  why they ca n't be both ? 
  it 's not really up to you . 
  that 's the depressing fact . 
  this referendum changed my opinion on british democracy a lot . 
  until it was set i 've seen the british system like i see their royal lawns . 
  shaped , cut and cared for 300 years . 
  a society of educated people that are making their decisions rationally and where political debates are about arguments and reaching the point where the truth is . 
  after what i 've seen it seems that british democracy on the national level is the same emotional crap leading to poor decisions that everyone else has . 
  they 've just got better elites that more often know when to push the buttons and in which direction . 
  they ( he and his polish wife ) had a business ( restaurant ) in southern france for over a decade , he was n't starting a business but had trouble with keeping it financially attractive for them . 
  they had an idea to move to other parts of france in the first place but after a while of thinking they decided it will be much easier in quebec . 
  you are wrong . 
  they are doing similiar things but in different ways and in different scales . 
  a quick glance at ief index says it clear . 
  it 's only a common name to those systems . 
  social-democratism is just a slogan . 
  these countries differ a lot . 
  but in the 50 's -90 's they did n't have a situation where a large group of the citiziens does n't identify with the values of the french society or the state . 
  there was n't a terrorist attack taking even close to 147 victims at least for 45 years in france . 
  there was n't a massive exodus of jewish people to israel . 
  and not only them , my french friend is just leaving to quebec becouse in his opinion it 's much safer there than where he lived and it 's much easier to run a business in canada becouse the bureaucracy and oversized working laws are n't such a pain in the ass . 
  he also said to me , that a lot of his friends consider doing the same . 
  you ca n't belittle the fact , that french is in much bigger trouble than it was in last 50 years . 
  reading survey data and having multiple discussions with russians , online and offline while traveling .
