  i do n't think that the majority of ukrainians ever believed in usa or eu to be forces for good . 
  they did believe , that they 'd be better of economically and politically when connected to the west . 
  ukraine is used by the west as a subject of negotiation between russia and u.s. 
  the goal is to reach the point under which conditions russia is ready to become anti-chinese ( imho ) or at least neutral when us is getting ready to play their cold ( hopefully ) war with china . 
  a sad role for ukraine to play here . 
  you are a moron . 
  i did n't say anything about israel 2 . 
  i did n't say i think there might be influence from israel over the dea 3 . 
  i did n't spread my opinion on any conspiracy theory in mexico i just said i 've heard some mexicans believe in something to do with dea and i do n't fucking care what exactly it is . 
  you 've made an uber-idiot of yourself and by this reason i do n't want to talk with you anymore . 
  i think they 've got some cosmic theory about dea and us influence but i ca n't remember exactly what it was . 
  to be clear . 
  those things you 've described are present in probably every country in the world in smaller or larger scale . 
  however in todays russia it 's like the overwhelming majority thinks that . 
  i would n't be so sure that bhuddism is so peaceful . 
  they 're just smaller than two main monoteistic religions . 
  yeah , christian countries can act nasty too . 
  that does n't change the fact , that those countries developed to a modern wealthy society with low heavy crime rates and muslim countries did n't . 
  i know a lot about them and you ca n't handle truth , like always . 
  of course . 
  it 's a geopolitical thing in their case . 
  you ca n't say that about some other russian public figures , ca n't you . 
  actually russia was quite multikulti long before it was in vogue . 
  i do n't belive that . 
  sooner or later islamic countries turn to fundamentalism . 
  it should n't surprise anybody having in mind that 20 % -60 % of people living there ( depends on country where the suvey 's been done ) believe in very conservative muslims values . 
  turkey is the best example for such change . 
  and i do n't see any progressive muslim country , maybe with some micro-state exceptions . 
  that 's why he 's got zhirinovsky . 
  this is true in part . 
  terrorist acts in europe are beneficial to russia ... n current regime . 
  destabilizing the eu is obviously in the russian interest , however not in the interest of the russian population . 
  most russians have this bunker mentality . 
  they justify agression becouse they think foreigners want the worst for them while putin is keeping their besieged fortress in shape . 
  so it 's always them vs others , it does n't really matter if someone broke the law or something . 
  uk making voluntarily an example of themselves for others in the need of ilustrating this metaphor will show even more how true it is . 
  hey , look turk , it 's aaaalmost there . 
  islamic terrorism is n't a real issue ? 
  nor the fact , that big parts of western populations do n't follow the values that are the glue of those societies ? 
  so india is going nowhere . 
  good to know . 
  anglos got their culture enriched by cee migrants , 
  there is a crack in everything , that 's how the light gets in . 
  mostly becouse germany is in the geopolitical centre of europe and always will be . 
  even two . 
  it seems you guys really got enriched by our lower class immigrants cultural influence , 
  the worst part is that even if eu loves uk , eu will however have to `` punish '' uk in case of brexit , to discourage others from following the exit path . 
  the refugee crysis is not something that was imposed on you or something that just happened to you . 
  it is the german government that brought it to germany - completely and utterly voluntarly on your own wish , so it 's you who should solve it . 
  it 's not our fault that you voluntarly sign up to something you ca n't handle . 
  now you 're crying and trying to share your problems , that you brought upon yourelf with others and this is very immature . 
  it 's not , but i do n't see any movements inside eu towards reforms either , and without that , the right and left wing populists will only gain popularity as something new and fresh that 's actually answering these loud voices of dissappointment . 
  he 's aware about the opinion that the public has about him . 
  he 's making an intentional disservice for the eu . 
  you 're so old school . 
  becouse someone worse could get to power . 
  everyone who is against eu is a russian puppet ( even if they do n't know that and do n't take monety for that ) becouse destroying eu is in russian interest . 
  but why so late . 
  was it really that bad ? 
  it does n't matter , there are n't any serious movements to reform eu inside eu anyway and without that , there wo n't be a eu in couple years . 
  it 's funny how americans much more often than europeans see europe as a single entity . 
  wan na run the eu ? 
  good luck again with your muslims , sweden , 
  i agree, 
  naturally . 
  no order was ever built without conflict . 
  nationalism is a tool , used to divide . 
  not the cause . 
  if a nuclear war one day happens , it 's not becouse of nationalism , only with use of nationalism . 
  eu should stop proposing and start doing it . 
  not true . 
  first . 
  that 's not even one million you 're talking about and it seems threating indeed had no power . 
  second . 
  when it comes to millions of muslims ( that started to come in the 70 's , not 2015 ) living in western europe , those countries did it to themselves , without the help of eu . 
  the thing that brits do n't realise is that eu will have to punish uk economically after brexit , and not becouse they hate uk , but in eu interest , becouse other eu member need to know it 's a bad choice . 
  if you 'd done better without eu , it would be the end for the whole project . 
  france was a mess for 100 years until it settled in some post-monarchic form . 
  in my opinion eu would gain popularity if it would be overtaken by people who would loudly shout that they would `` make europe great again '' . 
  there are issues in europe that people of europe are very concerned about . 
  the liberal parties refused to adress them or were adressing them in a stupid way . 
  that 's why on the national level there 's a growing popularity of right-wing parties that do adress these issues . 
  i wonder why nobody 's trying to use this potential on eu level . 
  you are ignorant ( od you 're just trolling by playing stupid ) . 
  danes are making it hard for everyone , 
  we do n't care about konigsburg , we care about our sea access which was always put into question when germans had konigsburg . 
  it would be the best for everybody if the baltic prussians were there with their own state , unfortunatelly they did n't want christianity with all that civilisational boost so they 're gone . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg in german hands means war between germany and poland and that means baltics end up under russia control poland under russian quasi-control and germany 's just down . 
  i suppose italy is n't a place where you need to spend a lot of time , driving to nearest church . 
  yes , that 's why i said it will be complementary to the ships for a certain group of products . 
  i would n't be so sure former soviet area will be as stable in the future , especially when new money will bust some regions economically and some others will be left behind . 
  it 's certain than new tensions will rise , in large part unpredictable . 
  i doubt that the new silk road being builded in a not completely stable neighbourhood ( which is going to need a constant looking after if you know what i mean ) , made of railways , with trains taking max 41 carriages will ever be competitive and profitable as ships with capacity of 2000 to even almost 19000 teu , even if those trains are going to be a lot faster than ships , maybe even taking only 3-4 days . 
  it will be however a nice complementary addon to the global trade routs and a chance for more interior cee europe . 
  were n't they secular-nationalistic after ataturk and now going back to ottoman muslim fundamentalism ? 
  i doub ' t they had labour/tories type of parties in the meantime to be honest . 
  i 'm not making asumptions , i was being provocative . 
  you did n't learned anything . 
  it does n't matter how old you are and in how many places you 've been , people you 're talking about evolution are not chosen to be together a representative population probe for the whole region . 
  it 's back to the book for you .
