  in fact , when it comes to economy , pis is a leftwing party on these topics . 
  kaczynski was even calling for an eu army , which makes him hated among those extremists as `` traitor '' . 
  with you on board or outside ? 
  in case of war , without belarus on western side , baltics are already lost . 
  these countries are indefensible . 
  they 're very easly accessible from russia and it 's very hard to reach them from the sea or polish thin passage , that will be closed in a blink time . 
  not to mention , that baltic is very hard to operate for u.s ships . 
  the only way baltics are harder to get than moldova is becouse we 're still on institutional and diplomatic level of international relations . 
  in case of war it 's a quick game over for them . 
  belarus changes everything as it enables to access baltic states from land , de facto belarus being on western side makes invasion of baltics imposible . 
  not for long now . 
  of course he was , almost every objective and countable statistic says it clearly . 
  one of them, 
  that 's why i agree on that this is not likely to happen . . today . 
  agree , but the psychological effect that was said to catalize the european integration happened . 
  moldova is n't that important . 
  having moldova does n't change the geopolitical situation for russia if russia would have already ukraine . 
  moldova can be useful to destabilize ukraine in the first place . 
  having baltics on the other hand does change the russian geo-strategic conditions a lot . 
  georgia is trying to warm their relations with russia a bit . 
  also , there 's a plan signed between moldova and ukraine to move those russian troops from transnistria . 
  yeah , he lost the grip with that one, 
  free speech + world wide web . 
  russian attack is unlikely to happen today , do n't know how in 4 years time . 
  however if it happens , then baltics are simply indefensible , despite nato good intentions . 
  it 's just technical reasons , while as you 're talking about bad will of nato decision makers . 
  it 's to easy to access baltic states from russian territory and to hard to retake them from the baltic or poland ( without belarus on our side ) . 
  have in mind the fact , that not all ships us is having can swim into our little puddle and that it takes 3 weeks before the toys in the amount needed will reach baltic . 
  it 's a game over for you then . 
  once again , i 'm not talking about nato decisions , but strategic capabilities in this geographical context . 
  i want him back , he was the best pm poland had for a long time . 
  he 's needed here to unite the opposition against pis . 
  time to go home , donald , 
  bosnia is a federation becouse of that reason and i do n't see any reason why should that change after border change . 
  and i do n't propose an islamic state , but a democratic one . 
  i do n't see why the position of croats would change , they already are living surrounded by muslims and with this solution a much bigger portion of croats could live in croatia . 
  the situation of those who will stay in bosnia does n't change , the situation of those now bordering with croatia changes for better . 
  i said it in my first post . 
  join croatian majority territories ** bordering ** croatia with croatia and join serbian majority territories bordering serbia with serbia . 
  i do n't want to remove anybody from any place , just move borders to better reflect the ethnic borders in the region . 
  in longterm this solution would work for peace becouse it would make this current clusterfuck a bit smaller . 
  there was a push two days after brexit and somehow nothing happened since then despite talking . 
  current us policy does n't need new countries to break up old big powers becouse it already happened . 
  that does n't mean that they do n't want to keep it this way . 
  i was clear in my post , that i was talking about serbs bordering serbia in the east . 
  it 's about a half of all serbs in bosnia . 
  those in western part should stay as part of bosnia . 
  i do n't want to push bosnians into ghetto , i want them to have truly their own state in which they 're a significant majority . 
  this pretending that 's it 's all ok is what made this populist electorate larger and more active . 
  for us too . 
  we 'd need an alliance with sweden , but sweden will have many problems with their immigrants . 
  brexit was n't meant to be that push ? 
  and what happened ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  if ukraine falls , you three are next . 
  and without belarus , you three are indefensible . 
  also , nato forces in amount that could make baltic defense thinkalble maybe are `` there '' but not `` here '' and getting them `` here '' will take about 2-3 weeks . 
  your independence is based on diplomatic and institutional strength , if shit hits the fan , you 're instantly over and nobody can do anything about this as long as belarus is in `` their '' team . 
  you do realise this ? 
  orange hitler ? 
  what a stupid exaggeration . 
  it seems everyone on both sides is leaving their brains at home . 
  emotional thinking is on the rise . 
  wow , hey ... starting from us year ago . 
  but nato can change ... 
  sold !, 
  but is breaking bosnia a bad thing ? 
  why wo n't croatian majority territories bordering croatia join croatia and why wo n't serbian majority territories bordering serbia join serbia ? 
  what 's left is a small country with a 70 % -80 % bosniak majority so they would finaly have their own country . 
  pretty much this . 
  this middle ground solution does n't work . 
  he did n't `` care '' about ee countries , it was just a policy to break up old european powers which benefited ee countries . 
  the thing is , baltics states are pretty much indefensible without belarus and he can easly unermine nato trust this way . 
  napoleon was the first time since carolingian empire when france had strong influence also in eastern europe . 
  it was a peak of france , despite political instability . 
  there is a difference though . 
  us have the best geography one could imagine . 
  as long , as the states are united , they 'll always have those extra points in any race to hegemony even if they loose it for a while . 
  trump winning can certainly make anti-establishment voters more bold and steadfast , but many people are waiting for eu to become a bit more like that so it 's not lost yet . 
  lol . 
  taking in geopolitical sense that does n't have to mean military invasion . 
  she 's calling for jihad , expanding muslim culture on territories that were n't muslim previosuly , you ca n't do that in country that already is muslim . 
  that 's why she 's here , if she 's really about jihad . 
  becouse one of the goals of islam is to spread this religion and muslim culture on territories that previously had different culture . 
  how can she do that sticking in country , that already is muslim ? 
  it does a shitty a job , however , never seen such posts , but not arguing that they are n't there . 
  i would n't determine it so much on who will became the president . 
  elections are one thing and getting into office is second . 
  whoever becomes president , will be shown confidential data , will have to sit down with experts and will have to be told how us interest really works . 
  trump can go 180 degree on anything he says and so can clinton , but in her case there is n't that much to catch up . 
  i 'm not wrong . 
  you 're wrong about me becouse nobody said anything about chinese starting a military invasion of taiwan so you 're far way off the mark . 
  what a moron you are . 
  ok , so swedes are going to let go their country becouse they 're afraid of being called racist ? 
  this is why they `` ca n't do anything '' ? 
  if this is their excuse , they deserve this fate . 
  or do not . 
  there is no try . 
  i agree , that 's why i said it 's a matter of time , and i 'm not sure , that 's why i said probably . 
  to be honest , i 'd predict taiwan to be taken in a filipino scenario more likely , with an economic proposal in exchange of political subjection .
