  those 12 years in afghanistan only to 43 dead soldiers . 
  first of all , this kind of flagrant reduction of the topic should automatically sonsider this man as someone windy . 
  secondly , 43 dead volunteered soldiers during a 12 year operation for a 38mln country is bluntly speaking - a big nothing . 
  thidly , there are no prospects of russian invasion of poland . 
  he probably got that from quasi-right wing blogs . 
  fourthly , i 'm glad that we participated in afganistan , thanks to that our army gained a lot of experience in a modern battle field and there were lots of changes made as well . 
  i 'm not talking only about the ` hardware ' , it 's a very long topic . 
  there were about 25 000 soldiers in afganistan . 
  i want them to be promoted and start making decisions , not solders that have only seen some shooting on the training or a movie . 
  just let him think that as long as it 's possible . 
  it 's better this way . 
  you obviously do n't know what the word ` loan ' means . 
  but modern france does n't act like the napoleonic france in scale reduced only by smaller capabilities . 
  so is belgium , so are the nords . 
  and one more thing , vikings and even napoleon are parts history much older than wwii results ( and cold war ) of which many witnesses are still alive and which is still in many ways affecting lives in a negative way . 
  the rest is said by globalbeat_minnesota . 
  i 'm too old and tired to argue about naming . 
  about your question : no . 
  economic freedom is the main factor . 
  your general point is that how can we be dissatisfied about our soviet part of history if russians had been even under bigger oppression and yet - they celebrate the victory day . 
  first of all , for eastern europe victory over germany was in fact a change from a bigger oppressor to a lesser - but still - oppressor . 
  those people wanted to live in their own countries , not in satelite countries with imposed governments or in baltics case , as a part of the empire itself . 
  would a russian like to live under , lets say , chinese government , hearing about how great china is all the time and that your previous , russian government was a mistake of the history and only under chinese rule , you 'll advance as a civilisation ? 
  i doubt . 
  try to look from the eastern-european position . 
  most of them or their ancestors have never been to ussr in years when they had their soverign countries in 20 's and 30 's . 
  what they were comparing was their experience and knowledge about life in their soverign countries and the experience gained under soviet occupation or under their ` brotherly ' communist governments . 
  and that new life , if we discount the general technical advancement of the world - was much worse . 
  when they had their free countries , nobody was deported . 
  there were no mass murders of thousands people whose only fault was that they were educated , the borders were n't closed , trade with the free world was n't limited , the censhorship was way smaller and nobody imposed on them a new strange , alienic ideology . 
  they also compared their lives with information that they received from western europe , not so far away and when the years passed , and the eastern bloc went economically more and more backward , they had more reasons to hate the system that was imposed on them and therefore , hate the source of it . 
  besides , there always has been a hidden fear of what cames from the east . 
  first there were mongols , then imperial russia , then bolshevicks ( 1920 ) , then ussr . 
  it 's a geographic-political thing . 
  they were all dammed somwhere around ... here . 
  nope . 
  on one hand the british are viewed through the lens of british comedy ( british humour found many fans around here ) , football and their classic literature . 
  on the other hand they 're seen as fat , vomiting and hooker loving drunks from cracow old town and as disloyal allies . 
  only zashkilniak estimated 35k , most historians estimates around 20k , but it 's not about the numbers . 
  i do care about those deaths , but every single ukrainian i meet is depreciating this genocide just like turkish do about armenians . 
  killing 60 000 - 200 000 people ? 
  surely , it 's no big deal for some . 
  for me it is , maybe becouse of their methods : * the victims , regardless of their age or gender , were routinely tortured to death . 
  norman davies in no simple victory gives a short , but shocking description of the massacres . 
  he writes : * * villages were torched . 
  roman catholic priests were axed or crucified . 
  churches were burned with all their parishioners . 
  isolated farms were attacked by gangs carrying pitchforks and kitchen knives . 
  throats were cut . 
  pregnant women were bayoneted . 
  children were cut in two . 
  men were ambushed in the field and led away . 
  the perpetrators could not determine the province 's future . 
  but at least they could determine that it would be a future without poles . 
  * * an oun order from early 1944 stated : * * liquidate all polish traces . 
  destroy all walls in the catholic church and other polish prayer houses . 
  destroy orchards and trees in the courtyards so that there will be no trace that someone lived there ... pay attention to the fact that when something remains that is polish , then the poles will have pretensions to our land '' . 
  * still it 's no big deal ? 
  the red-black ones . 
  right sector and svoboda are often referring to oun and their ukrainian insurgent army which is responsible for the genocide of polish civilians living in ukraine . 
  it was done in 1943-1945 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia * in the entire conflict , including areas outside of volhynia and eastern galicia , the estimated numbers of total polish casualties range from 60,000 to 200,000 *, 
  the more they take , the more rest of ukraine will be anti-russian and determined to join nato . 
  good . 
  too bad eu ca n't react like that . 
  from now on i wo n't fuel up on lukoil gas stations !, 
  just joking , quite nice stations they have ... 
  would any europhile reflect on the fact , that in this rumpus the talking sides are usa and russia and not eu ? 
  sometimes merkel is asked of her opinion , that 's all . 
  there 's just no partner in eu to talk with to solve this issue . 
  i 'm not eurosceptic , i 'm concerned becouse eu is going nowhere , it 's not able to handle shit just outside its borders . 
  especially that religion in us was always institutionally separated from the state , meanwhile norway had its national official state church for quite a long time . 
  in some way , eu and china have a common geopolitical interest ... but hush . . 
  well , if russia does n't want to be seen as a plague then russia should stop being one . 
  it 's that simple . 
  unfortunately , russians are the first victims of it , but kept in the drunk state , they ca n't see it . 
  well , he meant the cultural boundaries , not geographical . 
  hen just does not consider russians as europeans . 
  like lots of people think , few of them talk . 
  so what . 
  there are russians to defend in germany too . 
  poor moldova . 
  poland did bad things but i do n't remember an organised genocide on civilians that would take 80 000 ukrainians in one take . 
  if something like that took place , tell me where the mass graves are , i 'll light a votive candle for them . 
  you seem to forget that bandera teams were killing also ukrainians who were n't ` patriotic ' enough , not only polish opressors . 
  it could be justified if those victims were soldiers , but those were normal people , neighbors , some of them living there for many generations . 
  if you want a modern , rich and peaceful ukraine , yes we are . 
  if you want svoboda/other post-banderos rules - we 're enemies . 
  i hope that 's clear . 
  yes it does . 
  but in chechnya there are people to fight with . 
  no jihadists wanting to build a califate . 
  i do n't see any mass support for an anti-russian organisation in belarus , so his position would be lower if he would choose to be something more than a puppet ;-) . 
  i doubt that his son would have such strong position in belarus as well as trust inside russia . 
  russia will probably try to overtake belarus at that time , and west will try to hold back belarus and make it drift towards eu and nato . 
  another crisis near nato borders . 
  lukashenko too . 
  more interesting is what will happen when he 's gone . 
  he probably calculated much worse things than some santcions for 21 people . 
  i would consider this reaction as a gift . 
  if you think that you know something i do n't know - feel free to share your knowledge , maybe i 'll change my mind .
