  try and build a single fucking one church in sa . 
  there are statistics from netherlands that prove that those people were wrong about poles and that poles are right about those people from the middle east and north africa , so yeah . 
  yes . 
  welfare shopping is rational from an ` uneducated immigrant from a shithole ' perspective . 
  why not ? 
  he can get a life standart without working that he could n't achieve in his country by hard work . 
  i could n't agree more with that . 
  however , it 's not rational for people who 's going to pay for that - working germans that is . 
  nope . 
  you 're sad . 
  there are statistics from netherlands where it 's clear that people from 3rd world countries are less likely to work . 
  that 's a fact . 
  why ? 
  this question is open . 
  my personal view is that the level of living that they can gain by welfare is already a big schock compared to what they are used to , that they do n't have motivation to actually look for a job . 
  well , apart from the trash calling , all that he says in this particular video is very representative of poland . 
  most of poles would agree that those immigrants are not in eu to work , but on welfare shopping and that 's his main point there . 
  so tolerant . . is it ? 
  eu does n't offer political unity , only economic , unfortunately . 
  when i hear kacap i see a dirty , unshaved , drunk , stupid , tribal red army soldier who washes his face in a toilet that he 's just seen for the first time , so i personally find it rather insulting to call a russian by it . 
  in my opinion it 's the most insulting term to call a russian in the polish language so jpaolo has to have strong negative feelings towards this nation . 
  well , usually bad guys are not being removed when there 's a high probability of having someone worse winning the race to power after this removal . 
  usually . 
  well , usually bad guys are not being removed when there 's a high probability of having someone worse winning the race to power after this removal . 
  usually . 
  really ? 
  you 're being blamed for all the evil in the middle east for a long time right now . 
  the arab string is also often seen as a us job . 
  seriously , lots of people think that way . 
  really ? 
  you 're being blamed for all the evil in the middle east for a long time right now . 
  the arab string is also often seen as a us job . 
  seriously , lots of people think that way . 
  really ? 
  you 're being blamed for all the evil in the middle east for a long time right now . 
  the arab string is also often seen as a us job . 
  seriously , lots of people think that way . 
  really ? 
  you 're being blamed for all the evil in the middle east for a long time right now . 
  the arab string is also often seen as a us job . 
  seriously , lots of people think that way . 
  you can be sure that this mess wo n't end fast , russia will do everything not to let ukraine integrate with the west . 
  then again , russia is to weak , to actually subdue ukraine . 
  so it will be a frozen conflict , occasionally hot . 
  unfortunately , it has to be that way right now . 
  we can only look on the bright side , this will consolidate the ukrainian identity . 
  they were worse than animals in the context of bestiality , but they were still humans . 
  i do n't like when someone gets emotional to this point that starts talking with no sense . 
  genocides are happening every second decade on this planet and all of them were made by humans . 
  allright , so how much taxes catalonians pay , and how much they get back ? 
  empire can be built in a peaceful way , but to call something an empire it has to be a political union , not only economic . 
  what are the catalonians missing under the spanish rule ? 
  are their minority rights in some way limited ? 
  is it just about national pride to have own country ? 
  i 'm not criticizing catalonians for that , i 'm just wondering what are the reasons of this happening today ? 
  if this is only about having the will of having a country , then why this will exploded now ? 
  if there are other reasons - i 'm curious what are they ? 
  yes, 
  i like your capital . 
  it 's ugly but there 's plenty of extremly unique sites . 
  it 's about most of them being muslim in the first place . 
  yes , that . 
  the enormous majority of eastern europeans does n't want to have yelling minarets in the centres of their cities . 
  now , if that 's finally clear , the economic reasons are on the second place and really are n't that important if only those immigrants would work for their living . 
  you 've got dv but you 're right . 
  if eu ever gets federalized , war between ue and russia is obvious and it has to happen , unless weak russia decides to join or eu crumbles back to pieces which pretty much is happening right now . 
  peace is saved . 
  so we 're doing that again ? 
  checking german patience levels ? 
  if my whole knowledge about the european culture would be nothing more than knowledge about second half of xx and xxi century on this continent , then i would hate this culture more that any isis fundamentalist . 
  if eu is there to stay , then it 's there to get federalized and then it 's a geopolitical suicide for uk to leave and after some period of time have this elephant on the other side of the canal . 
  in the uk interest is not to get france and germany too close without being in the middle of them cooperating . 
  this neo-carolingian empire would be a nightmare for uk interests in europe . 
  leaving eu leaves you without a large part of tools capable of stopping that . 
  this is false only if eu is n't there to stay . 
  6 years after eu has been officialy born , it 's crumbling . 
  most of lithuanian poles are actually ancestors of polonised lithuanians , so even longer . 
  georgian language ( with alpahbet ) and culture are very unique , georgia has nice mountains with nice monasteries up there . 
  fine food , fine wine , orthodox religion . 
  famous georgians were stalin and beria . 
  despite that , georgia and georgians have this image of poor but at the same time very friendly country in pl , not sure why . 
  i 'm going to visit georgia soon . 
  what an earth happened to british humour ? 
  why do people from outside of the church even care what are people of this church believing . 
  take care of your life and believe in whatever you like to . 
  absolutely nothing has changed in the catholic doctrine during pope francis tenure . 
  there were made some gestures in the limits of this doctrine , that 's all . 
  and i assure you , that this wo n't change , abortion in 100 years ahead will still be considered as murder in the catholic church . 
  what does n't kill you ... 
  why ? 
  that rhetoric is unfortunate only in cases when it 's describing cultures that have brought more benefits than troubles . 
  in case of others - it 's true . 
  i 'm not familiar with any work that would describe how are poles doing in uk . 
  i 've only seen data from netherlads where numbers shown that they were one of the most hard working immigrants . 
  no idea about uk situation , therefore i ca n't tell are the uk anti-esatern-european-immigration voices right or wrong . 
  as i said before i 'm not against immigration by principle , even from poorer countries ( as you tried to impute that to me ) . 
  an example of culture that actually brought profit to country are the polish vietnamese , they are hardworking people that did n't create ghettos , integrate extremly well , never caused trouble . 
  if so , i 'm absolutely not surprised . 
  i disagree . 
  but first of all , i do n't mind that more british would come here and live here .
