  it 's the black americans who are boosting those statistics up . 
  i meant the form , not location . 
  apparently , if a tree falls in the forest , it does make a sound . 
  i always thought that it 's ennobling for czechs that they can hang out with germans becouse of their hre common heritage so they can distance themselves from central europe . 
  just like baltics are trying to do , with their ` wannabe nordicism , we hang with them now ' attitude . 
  however , i do n't see to many signs of that when it comes to czechs . 
  frankfurt has so much better skyscrapers skyline than paris or warsaw . 
  okay , stop trolling/shitposting , and go away kiddo , bye . 
   like the saudis did n't do it . 
  i think you missed the `` other arabs countries done ( and are doing ) that too , and they needed a scapegoat . '', 
  any arguments ? 
  then do n't waste my time . 
  qatar has indeed financially , politically , and logistically supported terrorist groups and extremist preachers and violence inciters . 
  other arabs countries done ( and are doing ) that too , and they needed a scapegoat . 
  http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/11/02/putins-muslim-nightmare-syria-assad-iran/ https://jamestown.org/program/marlene-laruelle-how-islam-will-change-russia/ https://www.rferl.org/a/islamic-state-nusra-jihad-russia/27306477.html, 
  uber-christian to start the good old `` all religions are the same '' narrative ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anders_behring_breivik#religion  regarding the term cultural christian , which he says means preserving european culture , he notes , `` it is enough that you are a christian-agnostic or a christian-atheist ( an atheist who wants to preserve at least the basics of the european christian cultural legacy ... ) '' . 
  [ 247 ] [ 255 ] furthermore , breivik said `` myself and many more like me do not necessarily have a personal relationship with jesus christ and god . '', 
   in letters sent to norwegian newspaper dagen in 2015 , breivik said that he `` is not , and has never been a christian '' , and that he thinks there are few things in the world more `` pathetic '' than `` the jesus-figure and his message '' . 
  [ 30 ] he said he prays and sacrifices to odin , and identifies his religion as odinism . 
  now i see why the role of arche de la d\u00e9fense is that important . 
  it keeps your attention away from the skyscrapers . 
  warsaw is more alpha than berlin and vienna ? 
  surprising . 
  and pre-modernist architecture . 
  russia has a problem and it 's our buttholes that would start clenching now ? 
  in coservative families the family votes as the head of the family anyway . 
  if this was the case , the change did n't really matter at that time . 
  it 's depressing that in 2017 someone saying something about fatwa is newsworthy . 
  religion is playing bigger and bigger role in europe . 
  a particular religion . 
  it 's a geopolitical term , referring to the territorial shape of influence turkey had , not that much to the political system . 
  you said that , not me . 
  it 's a process that started ( turkey 's rebuilding it 's presence in western balkans for about 20 years now ) before erdogan happened and which will end long after erdogan is gone . 
  erdogan is n't really doing a good job for turkey on this matter ( long term ) becouse he makes the `` turkish alternative '' less attractive for non-muslims in the region . 
  no , you are living in a fanstasy land . 
  of course , arabs in the arabic peninsula do n't have a bright future at all . 
  i agree , that 's why in longterm , i see turkey as the dominating power in the middle east . 
  you 've got the best geography among others which also gives you freedom from becoming an oil nation , which gives a lot of power , but temporarly . 
  however iran still has some fertile lands and is a natural leader for people identifying themselves as shia among all the middle east . 
  i doubt any of those countries will be in `` first speed '' eu in the next decades . 
  i doubt that this wall of `` second speed '' eu countries will be a big obstacle for turkish capital float in the future . 
  hard to tell . 
  it depends also on balkan governments . 
  i 'd rather see a form of expansion for local domination that we can see from china in their region . 
  but in some cases , it might be as you suggested . 
  both of these countries are n't having a pleasant to live geography , but , on the average , it 's still much better than most countries do in the region , that 's why historically , these two and egypt were the most populated . 
  if you believe the balkans will not fall under turkish influence in the forseeable future you are to put it nicely very simple . 
  there 's a via ferrata going to the peak . 
  when i , with my pals were struggling to climb up those slippery rocks covered with ice and snow , some two 60 + year old austrians without any equipment with bleeding bare hands were going up on full speed while singing . 
  that was a strange feeling . 
  no , mountains . 
  saudi arabia 's position is only temporary due to their oil exporting unless they find something that they can offer after that . 
  in long-term , the geopolitics of middle east sets two powers - turkey and iran to be the two main , competing powers in the region . 
  i think you 're aware that it 's not without a reason . 
  been massively downvoted here for a comment like that 2 years ago  ) . 
  the balkans are fucked . 
  greece has smaller population than istanbul alone , turkey 's building new influence in bosnia for 2 decades now and bulgaria 's population is going to be almost 50 times smaller than turkey 's by 2050 . 
  there is not way out for the balkans to escape the political pressure that obviously will be put on them . 
  geopolitical experts are talking about new era of neo-ottomanism for about 5 years now ( stratfor included ) but politically correct morons are - as they used to - simply ignoring it . 
  or flee . 
  well , if not muslims overtaking the middle east and kicking out european traders from there , columbus would never been set for a mission to find new trade routes to india ( and china ) , so ... crusades were a tiny attempt in trying to get back bits of lands taken by muslims earlier during a time , when muslim expansion started to threaten the byzantine empire . 
  it 's mostly cotroversial becouse they were poorly planned and not effective eventually , often actually weakening the byzantine empire and rising hatred between orthodox churches and catholics . 
  especially the 4th crusade went wrong . 
  but i doubt that people thinking about crusades , that they were the aggressors towards levantine muslims are the majority around here . 
  maybe hollywood is n't that influencial in this part of world  . 
  you might be right . 
  this legal case might actually take longer than the tenure of current commision . 
  true , 4th crusade was a geopolitical mistake , but hey , is n't creating israel an effect of a secular , modern crusade ? 
  in terms of geopolitics , it is . 
  imho they 're universally seen as controversial but maybe you live in some politically correct place , where everyone follows the one narrative you mentioned . 
  they announced the start of a legal process that might end with sancions , not the sanctions . 
  ergo : czechs did n't get any sanctions . 
  what sanctions did the czechs get ? 
  muslim expansion by sword did n't stop with muhhamed death . 
  during that time islam was still expanding , this time in anatolya . 
  the direct reason why the first crusade started was to prevent muslim turks from invading bysantium . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_clermont https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_crusade  it was launched on 27 november 1095 by pope urban ii with the primary goal of responding to an appeal from byzantine emperor alexios i komnenos , who requested western aid to help repel the invading seljuk turks from anatolia . 
  an additional goal soon became the principal objective -- the christian reconquest of the sacred city of jerusalem and the holy land and the freeing of the eastern christians from muslim rule . 
  muslim invasions had all to do with the crusades . 
  it was the root reason why they started crusades ? 
  do n't generalize . 
  you should fuck some ladies instead ... 
  not even once . 
  well , he made some unpopular reforms , like rising the retirement age and most people are n't aware how needed those reforms were . 
  leaving that aside , pis propagandic media really hated him when he was in power and pis followers believed that he 's responsible for everything bad that 's happening in the country . 
  after that they often used him as a scapegoat after that . 
  people who know anything about politics know that he was the best pm we had in iiirp history . 
  napoleonic , ww1 , ww2 alliances were created on the basis that both russia and uk did n't want someone to group all european resources under one power house becouse both of them seen that as a threat to their interest , not without a reason . 
  that 's why , napoleonic wars were the real ww1 , it was the first time , when this geopolitical war scenario occured . 
  slovenia is interesting . 
  so small country , will so many climate zones . 
  and you really had no idea before the attack ? 
  in xx century , it was usually a fine , or 90 days prison , in some cases couple years . 
  in muslim countries it 's often death penalty or 10 + years to life in prison . 
  if you 're a kinder-atheist , i doubt that you 'll like the trip . 
  there 's church on almost every corner in cracow . 
  i agree . 
  something like communism or close can work only with machines in charge or people like stalin . 
  without that , at instance people go back to their capitalist nature as giving up on these ideas is too much profiting without punishment not to try it out .
