  first of all , i was reffering to `` overthrowing lenin monument '' popularity , not their nationalist-party popularity . 
  you can agree with them in this ` project ' , but you wo n't have to follow them ideologically on every day basis . 
  secondly , ukraine is not a democracy so you can not really tell if a majority supports something or not . 
  you can not even trully trust the polls , becouse people can be simply afraid at a certain level of oppression . 
  that works both ways . 
  and at last , the more country is fucked , the more ultra-natiolalists gain popularity so even if the 13 % is true , it does n't suprise me at all . 
  french national front is even more popular . 
  on paper or not , the parliamentary system has been started in russia and this could not be stopped becouse the whole civilised world has gone this route and the romanovs tried to be a part of that . 
  i know that tsar had his secret police and that there were mass executions but the thing is about proportions . 
  most people in the pre-1917 era that were for example sent to siberia becouse of political reasons could maintain a simple life there . 
  they were n't set in the gulag prison system where a big part of the prisoners had to work until they died of emaciation . 
  the terror was also much less intensive , you can see that even by analyzing russian literature of russian white and red era . 
  in warsaw during the partitions era when the city was an integrous part of the russian empire there were newspapers that could criticise the tsar and those people were not repressed . 
  stalin would not gain his power if the monarchy would survived . 
  he was good in ruthless party politics but not in the monarch hierarchy model where your power is determined by your ancestry . 
  there are less reasons to kill an opponent if it wo n't bring you power anyway . 
  i said : in democracy . 
  romanovs tried to europeanize russia becouse they had to . 
  the capital was in petersburg , which was a cultural window on the world and absolutism started to fade when in 1905 they had to let the duma parliament to work . 
  it all could really end well , in russian style , but still well , as the british did it earlier . 
  russia , as a european country had to follow european trends , and that means a move towards democracy . 
  but the bolshevicks had to came and took back the empire to turan-tatar horde times with their totaliarian cheka police , great terrors in 1918 -- 1921 , 1928 -- 1931 , 1934 -- 1935 , 1937 -- 1938 , 1943 -- 1946 , 1948 -- 1953 , and the deadly gulag system which took so many lives that nobody knows where the number ends . 
  those 22000 killed in katyn ( becouse someone told me , that my opinion is becouse of my nationality ) is a drop in the ocean when compared to a biological disaster that happended to the russians , ukrainians and other nations that were under soviet rule . 
  blaming stalin for all the bad that happened ussr is a very typical view for western europeans but unfortunately it 's bullshit . 
  it 's becouse the western europe was never directly threaten by ussr during lenin time , they never heard that the great hunger in ukraine did n't really start in 1932 but in 1921 , no idea about polish-bolshevic war either . 
  it is lenin that is responsible for estabilishing all the structural foundations of the soviet system . 
  stalin was just a ` great ' successor . 
  oh and please , dont ` he wanted trotsky ' me here . 
  lenin estabilished the soviet machine and this machine choose stalin . 
  that 's how it worked and that 's why i can understand these people in kiev . 
  in democracy it 's the majority . 
  becouse he estabilished the most deadly political system this world has ever seen ? 
  socialist french politicians are doing everything to turn off france . 
  it 's not the point . 
  russian army is never the aggressor . 
  they are always just `` liberating '' their neighbours from being not a part of russia . 
  you 're obligated to be thankful afterwards becouse being a part of russia is such a great thing !, 
  you just have to like it !, 
  i mean it : you have to . 
  it 's much simpler . 
  if central and left parties do n't answer some issues or they pretend that the issue does n't exist ( for example : mass immigration from foreign cultures ) then a party which offers a solution for this kind of issues will rise in polls . 
  popularity of a party in a democtratic system is not set to be constant at 1/3 or any other value . 
  because russia . 
  that 's why . 
  do you know any cheap place to stay in kiev ? 
  i 'm wondering about visiting kiev with my friends next weekend to join the protesters ourself  . 
  but if yanukovitch sets state of emergency then passing the border could become a big trouble . 
  oh god , i thought only we had this problem with british tourists ... 
  yeah , this what you see here is the whole argumentation they usually got . 
  maybe he raised some taxes but the whole level of taxation seen as a percent of gdp that is distributed by the state , not by the citiziens/companies dropped . 
  see at eurostat . 
  that means , that actually taxes dropped during his 6 years :-) but nobody speaks that loudly . 
  some fees that are controlled by the state have constant values , if u do n't raise them , then the level of this sort of taxation drops when gdp grows . 
  not too media-like information , becouse it 's slow . 
  he 's got a double citizenship , british and polish , so you ca n't say he 's not polish . 
  he 's from a polish-jewish family that emigrated in the 40 ' and they decided to stay there becouse of communism . 
  his father was the secretary of the polish governement in exile in london . 
  traitor ? 
  too many lies from quasi-right-wing press for you , mr gator . 
  he was the best fm this country had for a long , long time . 
  this is the map of how gdp changed in europe compared to 2007 : https://scontent-b-cdg.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/q71/s720x720/1012880_193476347504890_2082333289_n.jpg, 
  if i would be french right now , i would say : and that 's what worries me the most . 
  but i 'm not , if the french want to have their socialist ` heaven ' - let them have it :-) . 
  france still has got its communist party so there 's plenty of options . 
  he 's not in the french socialist party ? 
  he is . 
  he did n't try to rise the taxes for the richest making them searching for other places to invest and hire ? 
  he did . 
  he did n't set up a plan to build 500,000 public homes per year , including 150,000 social houses ? 
  he did . 
  he did n't forced new regulations on french economy , already overregulated as hell ? 
  he did . 
  and so on and on ... 
  if russia lets ukraine escape it would be the last century of russian imperialism . 
  but if russia implodes , we 'll get an expansion of islam on that territory done by kazakhs and tatars in the long term . 
  oh , and nobody would control the caucasus mountains conflict aynomore , so you can bet a big mess there where everyone fights everyone . 
  it could expand nearby and worsen armenia and georgia situation . 
  many poles are purely anti-russian-state but loves russian culture . 
  becouse of the history they just have it in their cultural ` genotype ' - do n't let the dragon get closer . 
  but it seems they do n't see the bigger evil around the corner . 
  an interview with polish finance minister from 2008 ( cnn ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xp_aivp56a, 
  what do you expect from a fanatic left-wing socialist ? 
  it always ends with economic degradation . 
  i do n't care about france but i 'm suprised that the french decided to cure their flu with cholera . 
  i 'm afraid that this can happen here 2 years from now , but with fanatic right-wing socialists . 
  this is much better : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlrrbs8jbqo, 
  certainly . 
  that 's why brits will vote about staying or leaving eu and they 'll probably vote to leave . 
  that 's what democracy means !, 
  would scotland stay in the commonwealth or exit , as ireland did soon after gaining their independence ? 
  one thing that bothers me is that independent scotland would destroy the union jack ( or the sense of it , if uk would decide to keep it ) . 
  it 's a great flag . 
  ukraine in ue would be a knife on the throat for russia if ue would become someday a superstate . 
  it 's too close to moscow , it 's making access to the mediterranean world too narrow , the land is too damn good , you could count these factors forever . 
  they simply can not allow ukraine to join eu becouse of geopolitical reasons . 
  at least not all of it ... 
  mhm . 
  but there is no plague today . 
  try to see people as a resource in an organism called country . 
  if there is no need for more people they wo n't be born .
