  there are people who name themselves atheists while they 're in facts theists and there are as well theists , which in fact do n't believe in given god . 
  and beside that , we still do n't know why there 's a world , so the quick explanation is still attractive for some people . 
  finally , placebo often works , so religion is helpful for people with all kinds of issues . 
  i ca n't blame these people that they want to give a try if we find today neuro-biological proofs on how placebo positively impacts our bodies . 
  http://www.nationalgeographic.com/magazine/2016/12/healing-science-belief-placebo/ try to look at something from a different perspective . 
  we can ask a question : is lord of the rings ( btw , which was higly infuenced by the bible ) true or is it a fairy tale ? 
  for a person who did n't read much in his life , without any knowledge on literature , without any knowledge about interpreting literature and finding meaning behind words it 's just a fairy tale about a group of people on a quest . 
  but are those things which lotr says about friendship , sacrifice , good , evil , life , greed , giving your life to someone , accepting ( on not accepting - and what to do then ) your fate or even being a man not true ? 
  in many ways , lotr is true . 
  and what is truth in the christian-theist terminology ? 
  god is truth . 
  you 've just found god in lotr . 
  when you 're becoming more experienced ( yes , that 's a good word ) in reading literature you start to find another meaning in things that seemed clear and you usually add your own life experience to it . 
  old , classic fantasy literature is a good example , becouse the fantasy is usually nothing more than a costume to make the essence more universal . 
  i agree , april is going to be a nice update on this . 
  i 'm saying they are politically homogeneous becouse they make homogeneous political decisions . 
  it does n't matter in this contex what does each one of them fear most or how they differ at choosing breakfast . 
  the voting results are actually much more reliable than opinion polls , and far more important , becouse it shows the actual decision and the final coclusion after all that making up their minds . 
  you can say that about every party everywhere , there are different sorts of followers behind every big party , more and less convinced . 
  that does n't change the fact , that . politically . 
  muslim conservatives in turkey are , as data shows , quite homogenous . 
  in turkey they are homogenous to the scale i 've mentioned . 
  in 2015 akp had 49,48 % . 
  that 's a huge chunk of muslim conservatives in turkey . 
  then there 's nationalist movement party but it 's much smaller and it is n't really about muslim conservatism , but ethnic nationalism . 
  all other potential `` muslim conservative '' parties are marginalised , so yeah , muslim conservatives in turkey are quite politically homogenous . 
  why do you think he 's a joke ? 
  what does it mean to you ? 
  about 60 % of turks are muslim conservatives , most of them support erdogan . 
  i 'm just playing with you as i noticed you 're taking everything very seriously . 
  i 'm actually an architectural geek , do n't you worry about my archi knowledge . 
  everything what 's cool in turkey was made by non-turks . 
  a typical comment from a guy living in a country that does n't have it 's own identity yet !, 
  how could you possibly understand a nation who 's seeing it 's heritage being turned into this thing ? 
  this aglomeration has almost the population of your country today ... 
  since katorga :p, 
  caspian technically is a lake , it 's just called a sea from times when these things did n't have current strict definitions . 
  for me it 's a rare view , one-two times a year . 
  have n't seen any this this year yet . 
  it happens here with wild boars . 
  it works both ways tbh . 
  these times are beginning to be exciting and i 'm just working in it :(, 
  lukashenko is the only thing that keeps belarus at least partially independent from russia . 
  many belarussians have a very pro-russian stance , especially the older ones . 
  if you want to bring belarus to the western club , you should support lukashenko and just make him an offer , he ca n't resist . 
  he 's giving the look already . 
  i 'd like to visit north korea , a completely alien world . 
  yeah , it 's funny to me too . 
  at the end of the day , scots will do what england tells them , even if it 's not the best idea avalible . 
  some people here are just having wet dreams . 
  there were plans of creating eu long before ww2 . 
  and i did n't notice any pis supporter exploding . 
  i know that pis is wrong in many ways , but hysterical demonizing it makes many people look completely stupid . 
  russia never was a part of g7 . 
  russia was in g8 and yes , one could argue if it shold be australia or russia , however neither of those options are surprising . 
  canada is still in the group becouse it 's the 7th economy of the world if you leave countries with low hdi and hdi is one the factors deciding if you 're in or out . 
  russia never was in g7 , russia was invited as an observer to meetings called g7 +1 , and later becamed a full participant in the g8 group , while being the 8-9th world economy in that time with hdi bigger than china , india or brazil . 
  it is and canada is as influencial as needed . 
  if you add the hdi factor ( which is a factor in getting into the group ) , you 're having countries like china , brazil or india out of the way , and canada in on seventh place . 
  russia and turkey are natural geopolitical competitors . 
  wikipedia is banning a source for being unreliable . 
  a big lol . 
  i usually have to double check wikipedia information in the first place before i share it , 
  it is , but gdp is n't the only factor . 
  also wealth levels and hdi counts , that 's why china is n't inside , those are n't factors that would make russian participation more available either . 
  spain is n't bigger than russia . 
  not according to international monetary fund ( 2016 ) , world bank ( 2017 ) nor un ( 2015 ) . 
  there 's no reason for russia to be in g7 , it 's the 12-13th world economy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
  i 'm tired of this blatant hysteria . 
  trump 's the president , maybe he 's not fit for the job , but he 's not hitler , get over it . 
  they 're far less knowledgeable on politics than actual experts . 
  we 've got internet , we do n't need to choose them if we 're having someone much better ( and we do ) . 
  they did won the popular vote . 
  exactly . 
  i 've seen it . 
  sorry , it 's not a proper legend . 
  maps with no legend or shitty legend should instantly end on r/shittymapporn, 
  i do n't care about your feelings , bye . 
  this is n't constant , on so many levels . 
  ever heard of revolution ? 
  besides , it 's false , new mosques are being built , literature is being created ... this will get even bigger when new-comers start to feel more comfortable as their numbers grow . 
  no , i do n't assume that . 
  i just look at growing statistics of people who are muslim , statistics which include people who are leaving islam . 
  that rate is n't high enough to start making that proportion smaller . 
  i 'm not the one focusing on extreme muslims , they do have an influence on politics of a country ( by spreading fear or their ideology ) , but little influence on the culture itself . 
  the change of the cultural background in western european countries is made by the average muslims , masses which are n't extreme but hold compeltely different customs , mindsets , often language , being usually a lot more conservative . 
  some of them are listening to extreme imams , but islam does n't have to be extreme to be an ideology and change the cultural background of a country . 
  they 're also predictable and predictions does n't say this trend will stop anywhere near unless a political action will be taken to stop it . 
  you can ring me when the proportion of muslims to non-muslims in countries like belgium or netherlands will stop growing and reverse . 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  it depends which religion . 
  i know that europeans are shitting on their roots and many of them are even annoyed that church bells are still ringing on sunday morning , but islam has huge influence on people coming to europe . 
  also , islam is n't only a religion but also a political ideology supported by groups like saudis and others , which is spreaded in mosques . 
  there 's a reason why germany is intesively controlling what 's going on inside mosques , they would n't had to do it , if religion was `` just a private thing '' . 
  it 's everything but `` one case '' . 
  look at the middle east , dear , or at americas , or pretty much at every place on this planet at some point . 
  it 's not skin colour that 's important but the mindset , customs , way of thinking of people who come . 
  what matters is if they have a will to leave that mindset and learn a new one . 
  and , of course - yes - if there 's too many people that do n't feel connected to the polish culture , mindset , custom then poland could stop being poland . 
  just like the east roman empire became turkey .
