  there were no practical benefits from this constitution and the only thing it did was motivating prussia , russia and austria to divide poland between them . 
  the fact that it 's a nice piece of paper that we should be proud of does n't change the fact that implementing it started a political dynamic that brought end to poland as a sovereign state . 
  this paper should be passed when we did n't have a knife at our throats , but who would think about reforming the state when it 's still not that bad . 
  they wo n't becouse they like it . 
  in my opinion this geopolitical pressure will get much bigger becouse turkey is aiming to become a more assertive power than it was until now and your population will have a large drop in next decades . 
  you really seem to underestimate the trouble that comes at you . 
  do n't kill the messenger . 
  i would n't underestimate the geopolitical pressure your country will have to face from turkey if i were you . 
  well , none of them are bordering turkey having a population boom . 
  this food aid is n't that important . 
  most of africa is n't starving and it 's not the starving countries who are having the biggest population growth . 
  agree . 
  however also fertility rates are lower in eastern europe . 
  imho it 's becouse social changes that took place in western europe after ww2 are taking place in cee later but faster . 
  we forget that we live in a constant revolution since the steam engine was produced and it 's far from being over . 
  i 'm not sure it 's 'cause d' by anybody . 
  it 's just how nature works . 
  it depends on many factors , but you need a highly populated region that produces your gdp . 
  it 's much easier to exchange goods , people , ideas when you do n't have to pass through large , empty land mass . 
  it costs more per capita to build a proper infrastructure in empty areas and that 's why continental heartlands are almost always poorer than the sea-shore population and gdp-producing hubs . 
  even in scandinavia the population is concentrated near the sea-shores . 
  the exceptions are usually becouse some kind of natural resources were found . 
  then there 's the factor which says if this gdp will be partially redistributed into the empty areas or not . 
  so generally speaking you can have a good life in empty areas if there 's somebody else who makes real money and has enough money to share with your region or if you 're full of natural resources . 
  i think everyone knows that it 's an extrapolation of current trends . 
  you ca n't predict political changes that can cause changes in immigration trends , but natural growth is pretty much long-term predictable . 
  a `` plan '' ? 
  what ? 
  do you actually know what eurostat is ? 
  you need a shady character first to succeed in politics . 
  you guys pay too , even if you do n't go to museums . 
  museums are n't automated . 
  you should n't eat faster than your cultural enzymes can digest . 
  they were very religious under communism , just with different religion . 
  poland is n't germany . 
  i do n't believe any really nazi government would ever find support here . 
  we never go all the way in any idelogy when it 's in vogue , we usually stop somewhere in the middle or move back . 
  we 're lukewarm and we 're getting tired of any dominating status-quo very fast . 
  that does n't sound to be that bad to get the hatred he gets . 
  why was he the worst pm of your lifetime ? 
  i 'm not a pis voter , but you have no idea what are you talking about . 
  unfortunatelly , anti-german sentiments are still there , especially among the olders and for some these emotions are stronger than the profits people are having from trade with germany . 
  if you ask me , poland and germany should work together on as many fields as possible . 
  the translation of this saying in english is ` take a french leave ' . 
  i 've chuckled . 
  neo-liberalism is an abstract model . 
  it ca n't be a complete solution to our complex treality , but it might help . 
  besides , when you look at nordics , they 're quite high in ief . 
  one of the reason is becouse they 've got an effective administration . 
  the second reason is becouse it 's a welfare state without pinching the business world much . 
  it 's still easy to start and run a company there . 
  the taxes are just hight with all that . 
  nope , this has no sense . 
  is n't that england anyway ? 
  from still catholic back then england . 
  no , seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  not reading you . 
  if a discussion without offending is above your skills then seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  the thing that strikes me is how blind a quite large chunk of the french is . 
  they 're constantly blaming neo-liberalism in a country which is far away from neo-liberal policies . 
  they 're constantly putting their trust in any kinds of people who propose more socialism , more welfare , more working rights , more state in everything , more biting the big business and ... then they 're surprised that they fell behind , that business runs to other countries and that there 's more mad people on the streets . 
  there 's quite a lot conservative youths as well . 
  maybe not as many as in hungary , but i 'm sure it 's more than in most we countries . 
  also , during last elections there were quite few parties who ended just below 5 % threshold , which at the end gives a similiar effect like low turnout . 
  parties with more mobilised electorate gets even more . 
  you can , many eu economies have . 
  and yet france fallen into moderately-free in ief , was mostly free before and it was doing better . 
  france took the welfare & regulations path a bit to far while not having an effective administration at the same time ( like nordics have for example ) . 
  it was a mistake . 
  why are you trying to offend me ? 
  if a discussion without offending is above your skills ( and somehow i 'm far from being surprised ) , then go troll your mother if she let you out from the house with those manners . 
  do n't be odd or passive agressive , people will walk away from you . 
  sounds like france will be stuck :(, 
  i do n't see these further steps from pis . 
  the eu is dead already if people around are n't checking their facts before they start blaming . 
  imho as time passes there 's more szydlo in szydlo and less kaczynski . 
  people who gained seats thanks to him are starting to develop their own political position and there 's less approval for controversial decisions than there was 2 years ago . 
  also , pis has a problem . 
  it 's called donald tusk . 
  they know that he 's coming back in 2020 to unite the opposition and start for presidential elections . 
  plus , the opposition is getting back into shape lately . 
  so the time window to make big changes is getting shorter , and the consequence of the lack of those changes is pis moving more to centre . 
  that 's how law works . 
  if something is n't banned , it 's allowed . 
  if it 's banned , go to the court with it and stop weeping . 
  it 's called competition . 
  be an attractive market , do n't be a bitch to business , they wo n't hide from you . 
  german-french axis is still alive but it 's not that important becouse after 2004 the geopolitical centre of eu moved eastward . 
  after 2004 germany had a bigger role to play and start becoming a single leader . 
  to bring back importance to german-french axis you need to speed up french potential ( which is unlikely to happen ) or depreciate the political-economic meaning of eastern part of eu ( which is easier ) . 
  i agree with macron that france needs less regulations , to make the market more free ( yes , france is a moderately free market country and that 's why it 's slow ) but i do n't believe he actually does that if elected . 
  the french have very socialist mindset currently , they wo n't acknowledge that oversized state is the source of their issues and macron does n't have the balls to stand against the angry french working mob . 
  that 's why france will continue to fade in comparsion to germany . 
  agree . 
  the reason ni is poor is becouse there is something called ni in the first place . 
  it should be a part of the political organism that dominates that geogprahic niche . 
  and that 's ireland . 
  best borders are always geographic borders , mountains , seases , deserts , all kinds of spaces where there 's not much people living and where movement of people and goods ( and therefore - culture ) is smaller by that reason . 
  artificial borders like the irish-n . irish that are n't based on any natural border are only slowing down the exchange of people , goods , culture , mentality , law standards , it 's pretty much a proof that something 's wrong with someone 's head . 
  but szyd\u0142o is getting along with merkel lately .
