  louder !, 
  however , the protestant-catholic conflict caused much more damage than islam did ( for now ) in the former catholic parts of the continent . 
  islam woud n't be a problem in europe , if the european relion , that is - christianity was n't dead . 
  we do n't have racial problems becouse we do n't have blacks !, 
  we 're starting to be xenophobic towards british after all those news after brexit . 
  but jokes aside , opinion about the british people reaaalllyyyy changed after we entered eu . 
  to worse . 
  then maybe if i would be gay i would n't choose chile . 
  i 'm not , so i do n't care . 
  see , that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  societies are more or less tolerant on different fields , so people can choose to go where they 're wanted and that 's normal . 
  what 's not normal is taking in people that you do n't like and pretend you like them ( french , english , western-european approach ) . 
  it 's ideological tolerance , which i call tolerantionism , it does n't work , it 's fake but it gives you an illusion it 's true and ends with ethnic tensions at least . 
  that 's not normal . 
  you still do n't get me . 
  i do n't want anybody to be ultra-super-tolerant towards everybody , i do n't approve that at all . 
  i do n't consider this as something a society should be proud of . 
  i just want people to stop being hypocrites about it and pretend that they are tolerant in areas where they are n't . 
  ** i do n't care if the french are tolerant or not . 
  i care about their self-destructing pretending that they are . 
  you ca n't ban burkas and say that you 're tolerant towards muslim culture becouse that 's how they are . 
  ** it 's an annoying ethnic time-bomb . 
  personally ? 
  chile . 
  people there are quite tolerant , but not pretending that they are tolerant in areas where they are n't ( nor should be ) . 
  and i like it far more than pretending ideological ultra-tolerantionism of west-european societies that more and more often is being proven as fake . 
  acting like you 're tolerant is of course bad , becouse you 're importing tons of people that you do n't really like but you pretend you do and sooner or later shit hits the fan and suddenly `` nobody knows '' how did those far-right parties got to rule a country . 
  obviously you 're right about the last part . 
  yes , i do think this is something bad . 
  if you know you ca n't tolerate someones culture , admit it and do n't let that culture in becouse it will only cause tensions , and this is a small one . 
  forcing people to wear different clothing wo n't change their mindset , set by different culture that uk or french societies apparently do n't tolerate , but they still like to think they do . 
  i do n't agree . 
  a pole was murdered lately in uk for speaking polish . 
  uk is certainly not a tolerant society . 
  it does n't matter , it was just to show that western societies are tolerant only to a some shallow point , yet they 're still like to think that they are tolerant to different culture which is of course false . 
  but this is their culture . 
  this is really how they are . 
  why wo n't you be tolerant ? 
  but seriously : why lying to yourself about having a tolerant society . 
  nor the french or british are tolerant . 
  they 're tolerant as long as this brown guy is pretty much as they are . 
  but when this brown guy shows his actual culture in the full spectrum , tolerance ends . 
  yet , the myth of a tolerant society stays . 
  well , in serbia it 's there , but the number of stripes is different , 
  all that moral talk is delusional . 
  the fact is almost everyone wants to make money with russia , becouse russia produces fucking nothing and they need things , so it 's a huge market . 
  the buffer zone , that is you three , us , ukraine , moldova and romania is opposed to that becouse they fear stronger russia taking control of eastern european plains . 
  being behind carpathian mountains changes your perception becouse russia is weak and everybody knows that the range of influence they had in the cold war is impossible today . 
  but taking the baltics is n't . 
  how does it feel to be next , latvia ? 
  i 'm asking becouse we actually care , and you ca n't say that about countries to the west and south of poland . 
  what does it tell you about the quality of the industry if it 's developing only becouse sanctions . 
  break a window , the window-maker 's gon na develop for sure . 
  :d i rotfled . 
  all these problems becouse of stupid secular claim , that all religions are pretty much the same . 
  oh no , they certainly are n't , 
  far-right is like folklore music . 
  everybody has it 's own style . 
  it 's not about pride . 
  it 's about knowing that in the next decades there 's going to be a lot ( a looooot ) of work for police forces becouse muslim crime , muslim terror and far-right response to that . 
  you can be pretty sure they wo n't cut these jobs !, 
  in practice somebody would have to keep them neutral . 
  germany , when controlling our territories is getting into our role of northeastern european plains player so naturally their views on russia change then . 
  why are the french so opposed to ttip ? 
  i hear a lot of people being oposed to ttip but usually they ca n't say anything particualar , just stupid jabber about `` american corporations taking over our states '' , etc. 
  that 's more or less all that internet anti-ttipers are saying . 
  but what are the arguments of the french government , people that probably and actually read the thing . 
  in the context of changing the cultural background of a country , or taking control over it , it 's the same . 
  just with less killing . 
  it 's a different method to reach the same goal as invasion . 
  funding a political party that addresses it 's program to a minority groups , muslim ` cultural centres ' and mosques is cheaper than buying guns and you do n't need even guns to conquer todays ( western  ) europe . 
  you do n't really know how many there are . 
  you do n't know what a given person thinks . 
  those 64 were just open enough about it to be seen . 
  it 's a geopolitical thing . 
  we 'll never really get along in the long run , becouse both of those states as long as they 're on the map have a natural need to dominate on the north-eastern european plains . 
  and i do n't believe those trains will change anything becouse i do n't belive the new silk road will be a game changer in the first place . 
  a train taking 40 wagons will never be as affordable as a ship with 15000 teu . 
  it 's going to be used for some specific products probably , where it 's important to get them faster , like food or something . 
  i totally got your point . 
  and my point is that often it does makes you what you say you are . 
  well , my level of revulsion is smaller when watching at our ex-communists than your ex-nazis , but if i 'd live in ussr it would probably be ex aequo . 
  nope , and that does n't change the fact , that nazis were a socialist workers party . 
  `` nazi is far right despite being a socialist workers party '' . 
  why are you here ? 
  why are you here ? 
  lovely . 
  pis is somwhere in the middle between normality and national socialism , but it 's not `` right '' . 
  i 'm just being provocative to hear something interesting but hey ... the french around here really are happy about the brexit turnout . 
  that does n't change the fact that you are occupying kurdish lands despite syria involvement  . 
  dunno , i did n't say it is . 
  politics is always a bit like mafia and we ca n't do much about it . 
  current situation is that eu has to make uk suffer for it 's own sake . 
  it 's going to be so fun to watch the growing hostility between uk and eu !, 
  ca n't wait if you ask me :  ps . 
  i 've got this impression , you 're thinking that you 're wanted in the eu . 
  why would you use name-calling if not as a form of your own symbolic refusal to those persuasions . 
  but where are those persuasions ? 
  nowhere . 
  you 're not wanted in the eu so you can skip the labeling and ... get ready to suffer .
