  church does n't ` accept ' evolution in the sense that it tells all it 's people it 's true . 
  catholics have different views on this matter , and so do priests . 
  okay then , if this is true . 
  that 's fear , not hate . 
  becouse it would be much more profitable than current situation , for everyone and no , nato does n't need ukraine , nato has no intention or interest in going so vast into eurasian land mass . 
  besides , us and russia are not enemies as you 're suggesting , the main geopolitical competitor for us today is china , russia is a 10th-14th world power that could be a partner as 1 ) us seeks agreement with russia to counter china and 2 ) russia is needed in the new global security architecture becouse it 's stabilizing central asia . 
  both sides want that agreement and all the fuss is about on whose terms , russia does n't want to be just a junior partner in the new global architecture . 
  the stupidity of putin is about him thinking that russia can be something more and even if there were chances for that , all that potential is being wasted right now on a war that profits nobody . 
  almost every professional geopolitical expert will tell you that , from stratfor to european institutes . 
  how do you know that ? 
  are there any polls made in hungary about hating brown people ? 
  ... to spend tonns of money and damage your economy becouse of an assumption that nato will control crimea ? 
  i see this as a lost becouse everyone with sense of reason knows that ukraine wo n't join nato anytime soon and ukraine would n't have to even look at nato if was n't attacked . 
  as a matter of fact , ukraine would n't even had to turn it 's back on russia and just trade goods and deals as partners if russia would accept that ukraine wants to make it 's own decisions as a sovereign state . 
  cutting ties with russia was a reaction after green man landed on crimea and then war in eastern ukraine stareted . 
  not the cause . 
  that 's natural . 
  when western europe was bordering warsaw pact , they were bordering a danger and as they were weak after war , seek security in us and did n't mind that it may have made their hands tied in some way . 
  now they 're free from that threat as russian influence ends on belarus , so they start asking why do they actually need nato becouse the danger they 're meeting is rather a job for counter-terrorists than an army ( for now ) . 
  at the same time , today it 's the north-eastern europe is the one bordering the threat that comes from russia , so this part of the continent is calling for more nato . 
  this is going to destabilize poland completely . 
  however now they 're only checking ground . 
   if not fast-forward membership that 's not realistic . 
  yeah , all that 's going in the world was to be pretty much easly predicted . 
  at least it does overlap in a big part with what i expected as the relative power of us compared to china began to get smaller . 
  the only thing i 'm surprised with , is that it was so fast . 
  in 2007-2010 i thought we 're going to be at this point around 2025 . 
  oh , he did n't shot himself in the knee . 
  he shot russia in the knee . 
  bigger territory does n't have to mean bigger power or prosperity . 
  sometimes big territory is a burden . 
  and this is exactly the russian case . 
  when you have a vast territory , that 's sparsely populated and sparsely used in economic sense , then you need to spend a lot of money to protect something that does n't create income as most of that territory is n't used economically . 
  also with those distances and with that climate , having than population density , keeping the infrastructure costs way more ( fewer people to pay taxes , but longer distances to cover with that money ) . 
  it 's much , much better to be a small , but populated island , like britain , where distances are small ( so smaller are share costs of keeping the infrastructure in shape , and smaller is the territory you need to protect ) , but where most of the land is and can be used . 
  in a similiar way , annexing crimea brought more costs than it could create income that could be transformed into power . 
  annexing crimea and attakicking ukraine was a mistake that will only generate more and more costs in the future . 
  and what for ? 
  for 100 000km2 of land ? 
  putin did shot russia in the knee with involvement in ukraine so far , so ... if something seems stupid that does n't mean it wo n't happen , people make mistakes . 
  false . 
  i knew it will happen . 
  and many others too . 
  russia was open about their imperialism since early 2000 's and everybody with any idea about geopolitics knows that there ca n't be a stable russian empire without ( most of ) ukraine . 
  russia is running out of little green men in ukraine . 
  they 're unable to pretend that they 're not in a war with more dead soldiers and they 're unable to get more people into fight under these conditions . 
  if they are willing to invade the baltics , they will be open about it . 
  false !, 
  there would be . 
  the old power balance set after ww2 between pro-russia regimes and pro-us regimes was failing after ussr collapsed . 
  it has to be messy . 
  if it goes for cuisine , it 's pretty close . 
  why ? 
  edit : do n't answer , i know why , it 's just your stupid shit-talk . 
  yeah , in london it 's muslims cutting off white english heads off for a change , like in 2013 . 
  what about the art nouveau of budapest ? 
  you do n't like beauty ? 
  you do n't know what 's in their heads and meanwhile the facts are that wyborcza was criticizing ` their ' side while niezale\u017cna is n't and it did n't start now like you 're suggesting but it always was this way so your claims are not true . 
  you 've changed state from my argument into society . 
  i 'm not going to play that game . 
  i clearly meant states . 
  small 10-200 primitive groups from early human times can also be called societies but those were n't states ( no defined territory for example as they were nomadic ) . 
  however they knew religion and we know that from cave drawings , or burrying customs , like leaving things in early graves that might be handy for afterlife . 
  this is really a complex long topic but religion is known to man long before 4000 bc when first city-states began to develop . 
  as i said , those differences that can be found , are not so important for me becouse it works the same way in all those cases : you 're forced by someone else to spend money on something that you do n't agree with . 
  and it does n't matter at all to me , if this is a matter of religious faith , war & peace , form of government , form of financing things or building a road in a forest . 
  so even if you would be right ( but you are n't ) about categorizing religions in an alienated from other ideologies box , even then , in the context of the topic - where my money goes - there is no difference . 
  no matter what 's the nature of the ideology , i 'm forced to spend money on something i do n't agree with , and if i 'm not a religious person , those things are even more important than religion . 
  but overlaping is far bigger than you 're trying to suggest in the first place . 
  besides , these mentioned idologies may have been around earlier than mentioned religions , but not religion in general which is older than any existing state in history . 
  for me those differences are not important . 
  i thought it 's clear having read my previous posts . 
  besides , it 's not true , political , ethic and religious ideologies overlap each other . 
  there are lots of sugestions of how a powerful man should behave in the bible and where does the power come from , islam is openly both , a religoius and political ideology and at the same time communism is full of suggestions how the ideal homo-sovieticus should cooperate among other people , european monarchists are also openly setting their ideology in christian values . 
  your sectioning is simply untrue , there are more and less complex ideologies , but it 's not the secular-religious barrier that 's telling which one is which . 
  the same way monarchists have to pay taxes to keep the democratic government and that 's against their beliefs . 
  the same way as anarcho-capitalists have to pay taxes at all . 
  pacifists have to pay taxes for u.s. wars around the globe . 
  ekofreaks have to pay taxes for which a road is being built that will devastate some woods . 
  it 's also unfair . 
  but that 's life . 
  and this happens on all fields , but somehow religious ideologies are to be trated differently . 
  well , not for me . 
  every society has a dominant , leading ideology and for me it does n't matter if we 're talking about religious ideologies or secular . 
  minorities should have their rights to work and live in a given place , but they also should accept that their ideology is not the dominant one and that the leading idelogy dominates everyones lifes just like liberal-democracy is dominating our lifes in modern democracies . 
  even if you 're a nazi , communist or anarcho-capitalist , you have to accept that . 
  a sikh has to accept that he 's living in a christian country just like the ecologist has to accept that he 's living in a country full of people that want to have modern roads . 
  easy as that . 
  europe will be run by right-wing populists anyway , they 'll get along . 
  copernicus had n't had trouble with the church becouse of his theory ( and this stayed de facto as a hypothesis until xix age when the parallaax effect helped proving his theory ) , but becouse he was living with and fucking some chick without marrying her and becouse of that as a church official he had become conflicted with other church officials . 
  it wo n't happen ever . 
  you can already forget about it . 
  creationism is a bible-protestant thing . 
  catholics are rather ok with evolution , but of course not always . 
  well , in the world of european stereotypes , ` english ' is the synonym for hypocritical anyway . 
  that 's 1991 . 
  things look different now . 
  i 'm not guessing . 
  i know that but that does n't change what i 've said . 
  i do n't believe in secularism .
