  this idiotic , destructive hip-hop `` gangsta '' culture is in my opinion a big part of the reason . 
  it promotes violence , stupidity , backwardness , primitivism and many blacks choose to follow it and therefore often end up with a bullet in their head . 
  but there are blacks that found a better source for their values . 
  compare black murder rate with white murder rate in london if you want to make such implications . 
  white and black communities in usa are living in much more similiar systems than blacks or whites in france/uk compared to us . 
  those are different systems . 
  you ca n't implicate anything on such comparsion but `` how is living in country x makes people violent at rate z '' . 
  to compare differences between races you should compare people living in the same system , adapted to the same reality . 
  most of this ` truck hero ' thing came from german and british tabloits . 
  some polish nationals might pick up this topic , but it 's not them that caused this rumor to spread in such scale . 
  reddit comments really are not that influencial , 
  this point is n't completely true and besides that , it does n't change anything really . 
  ** yes it is ** . 
  i 'm not making things up . 
  i 'm not going to discuss with your ad hominem offending ( `` you 've been lobotomised '' ) . 
  if you ca n't support your views with rational arguments , then go away or offend your mother . 
  if she let you leave home with these ways of discussion , then she deserves it , not me . 
  well , who knows , maybe you 're right and it really is about the race !, 
  stop the jabbering . 
  russia is completely comparable with western europe or america when it comes to ethnic diversity . 
  moscow is if facts are against your theory , do n't blame the facts , just change your false theory . 
  all this is pretty much nonsense becouse you 're comparing different law systems in different countries just to make theoretical implications on how multikulti influences homicide rates . 
  this is utter bullshit . 
  you can only compare different places in the same state , or system to say anything on that matter . 
  if you 're comparing homicide rates in different countries to make some implications on ethnic diversity influence , then you 're being wrong no matter what can you think on this , becouse you ca n't say how much are these diffrences caused by ethnic situation in given country and how on different regime , system and so on . 
  from a biological point of view races do n't exist . 
  however , there is a discussion if the pigmeys can be counted as a second human race . 
  what we 're talking here is different cultures , that can and are making people more or less violent , more or less stupid , more or less good . 
  that 's still a lot and it does n't change the point . 
  hahaha . 
  as differences are marked , however nowhere is said that this is a black & white ( nomen est omen ) situation . 
  it is completely true as the statistics show . 
  american deversity is n't only about skin colour , but also about the culture that developed among certain ethnic groups , like the destructive `` gangsta '' culture among black americans . 
  it 's diversity , not `` diversity '' , you got it all wrong . 
  what ? 
  russia is a very diversed country . 
  you really need to improve your knowledge . 
  it has more to do with culture of given ethnic groups , not the race itself . 
  `` gangsta '' culture popular among black americans or muslim culture are promoting violence so no wonder homicide rates are bigger there and these people are more often ending behind bars . 
  most estimations say it 's about 5 million . 
  i found one that says it 's over 7.5 million ( about 11 % of the population ) . 
  it 's estimated that 70 % of people behind bars in france are muslims . 
  and this is absolutely true https://randomcriticalanalysis.wordpress.com/2015/11/16/racial-differences-in-homicide-rates-are-poorly-explained-by-economics/, 
  do you know how this index is calculated ? 
  it 's not very valuable , it only shows the emotional attitude that the journalist community has towards current government . 
  all the buildings you 're seeing on the photo are post ww2 reconstructions . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is the same place : http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/66/26/c2/z12723814q.jpg, 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  ok , so to be more precise , you ca n't put people in jail just becouse they 're wrong on some historical issues . 
  how come ? 
  what is it more then ? 
  in the longterm russia and turkey are natural geopolitical competitors . 
  nevertheless , the goal of pulling of these things is almost always keeping or getting good relations . 
  countries pretty much always wait for the right moment to ` say sorry ' , usually when they want something . 
  saying sorry in the world of politics is a tool to trigger something . 
  as well as other countries may be compared to what 's going on in russia . 
  for example , in england , david irving was jailed for denying holocaust . 
  this is far worse than what poland or hungary did to anyone on this matter since communism fall . 
  you ca n't just put people in jail becouse they 're wrong on something . 
  it 's to expensive to build and maintain such roads . 
  it does n't have an economic sense . 
  roof is the best place for a solar panel , but if it looks ugly , then , as i said before - you do n't have to put it there , it 's not obligatory . 
  most houses today does n't have roofs like that , it 's rather a minor issue . 
  panels can be ugly , but producers started thinking about it : https://www.tesla.com/solar, 
  not all . 
  just the ones that are against the eu . 
  they do have a common interest with russia for which an integrated federal europe would be a geopolitical threat . 
  pro-eu populists on the other hand are not supported by russia . 
  then do n't put it . 
  it 's not obligatory . 
  and ... ? 
  hard times create strong men , strong men create good times , good times create weak men and weak men create hard times . 
  i know it 's cliche , but it fits . 
  i drove through that region once and it looked pretty empty . 
  almost no people , no buildings , not even trees . 
  2017 is going to be even more interesting . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  it 's a good political gesture to get back there economically and start talking on new business with namibia . 
  that 's why these things happen , not becouse someone ` is sorry ' . 
  it 's a very small country , when it comes to population so it wo n't cost them much , but it 's important on the other hand due to other reasons . 
  it depends on the numbers . 
  even if a very similiar culture is immigrating , at some point the tolerance ends . 
  if i were a british decision maker i would halt polish immigration somwhere about now + - 200k people . 
  they 've got the right to do it , if they do n't like how polish immigrants are changing their country . 
  i agree . 
  the colour is great . 
  so , you ca n't find any and you 're just spitting shit out of your mouth which is simply not true . 
  you ca n't support what you 're writing with facts . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  it 's not important to me if they 're good or bad . 
  i do n't want my country identity to be changed by people of muslim cultural background becouse i do n't value their culture , i do n't like their culture , i do n't value the kind of persons that culture is producing and i want the influence of that culture to be minimized , not expanding . 
  i have all rights to demand that from my government . 
  those concrete walls are just at the top of everything . 
  those few hundred terrorists are not that important as the fact , that the cultural background of western european countries is changing with normal people coming . 
  i do n't like what i 'm seeing in western europe and that 's why i do n't want that here . 
  we can share the burden in diffferent ways , we can send money to greece and italy , we can send our police forces , but nope , we wo n't repeat the idiotic ( from this perspective ) decision to bring in millions of muslim immigrants . 
  it 's pretty clear to me , that it 's just unprofitable in any given way . 
  forget it . 
  call me an egoist . 
  no biggy .
