  it reminds me my parents telling about seeing people illegally selling gasoline in jars near ( or at , do n't remember ) subway station in moscow during the communism era ( but long after stalin ) . 
  did ukraine ever had non-sad years ? 
  they have a nasty geographic location , pretty deep in the euroasiatic landmass , always first to face whatever comes from there . 
  have fun !, 
  thank you for your answer , 
  sometimes it 's becouse they want to break the whole group so they wait with arrest until the suspect leads services to his contacts . 
  or they 're rather isis fans , not really educated in terrorism yet , but inspired by isis . 
  tell me , i 'm curious . 
  how is life in brussels . 
  when you go out to see a concert , movie , to the theater , do you have that thought on the back of your head that `` something '' might happen druing the evening ? 
  or are you rather not thinking about this at all like in a normal situation ? 
  i 'm just wondering how does it feel to live in a city , where there 's a high probability of a terrorist attack . 
  or do not . 
  there is no try !, 
  how many times do i have to repeat : i do n't consider it as damage . 
  and parents have right to pass their tradition for their children if it 's not damaging . 
  far more damaging for the children is shaping their minds in the wrong way than this and yet , this is in most cases allowed , becouse despite the fact that a child is n't a `` belonging '' , parents have plenty of rights to decide things for their children , simply becouse they ca n't make decisions of their own . 
  and in my opinion , this is completely justified , just like choosing school or sending a child to a lesson . 
  parents have rights to decide these things and it 's completely normal . 
  the fact , that in this case it 's just small part of the body that is modified , and not the mind , is n't a reason to distinguish these cases from each other . 
  bundestag is in the reichstag building ( reichstagsgeb\u00e4ude ) . 
  well , we have klezmer bands in cracow now , music mostly played by polish musicians nowdays . 
  there 's always some bits of old cultures staying after they 're pretty much gone . 
  but still , the jewish culture was generally wiped out during ww2 . 
  there were still large ethnic groups of greeks or armenians when ottoman culture took over the leading role in anatolya , so naturally this had to be still there . 
  but as time passed , these groups were getting smaller . 
  emigrated , were deported or were genocided . 
  now , almost completely gone , so the influence they were able to made is n't going to be the case now . 
  i visited both greece and turkey and the differences are enormous , also , when it comes to music you can hear . 
  no , to me personally it 's irrelevant . 
  but for a large number of people it 's not and therefore , it 's not irrelevant in general becouse his opinions can change mindsets of many people . 
  that 's why celebrities are being asked about these things in the first place . 
  but my point was that we did n't stop discriminating people , we just changed ways and most of all - factors based on which the discrimination is based on . 
  it 's more sophisticated than it was before becouse we 're wealthy enough to more often check each man . 
  it does n't have to group together ethnic groups , the discrimination line can cut right trough them . 
  150 years ago , you could know with a 99 % probability , that a black man that contacted you about your job offer is n't educated and has n't got any skills . 
  you would n't even be interested in his offer , you would n't want to spend time and money on something that with a 99 % chance would n't profit anyone . 
  now , there 's plenty of educated black men , and that 's why this mechanism of discrimination is n't practical anymore . 
  most people back then were educated by their families , most people living in different parts of world had much more different lifestyles than it is today with globalism so it was taking much harder to adjust them to a new place . 
  now it 's in schoolds and universities where most of us get our education . 
  that 's why now , the employer often wo n't even look at your cv if you have finished a poor college , and the same employer will be very favorable if you finished a fine university . 
  and what if you were the best student in the poor college , smarter than your teachers ? 
  an interview with you is n't a waste of time in that case . 
  but you 've just been discriminated , as the boss , just like 150 years ago when it comes to blacks - just did n't have the time to have a closer look and picked that guy from oxford . 
  all states are discriminating people , in my opinion in a similiar way in which employers are doing . 
  it 's just a calculated probability of what can i get from someone in exchange of what i 'm giving and with an extra probability that says how much i might loose . 
  if some country is poor and has uneducated population that would flood your job market - you discriminate their citiziens by making hard for them to come and start a life here . 
  yeah , you probably missed a doctor or two in that large number , but in some cases , at the end , a general blockade is just a much cheaper solution that filtering each person . 
  and if you really are a doctor from a very poor country , you probably can afford and you probably are organised enough to get a visa and working permit . 
  you can do it with visas , working permits ... this is a very long list , and pretty much all states are doing it . 
  we 're discriminating all the time . 
  that has n't changed . 
  we 've changed the divisions based on which we 're doing it , but still not all of them . 
  becouse i do n't see a need for having my dick cut . 
  i think you 're a primitive at this point . 
  it is n't damage . 
  parents have a right to pass their tradition to their children . 
  i do n't see a reason why is it so different from shaping a mind in given way . 
  it stays with a human all his life as well , even if he changes his tradition or becomes atheist . 
  if it 's a bad tradition that teaches wrong things , it can do a much bigger damage to the mind of a child than something like this , and yet we allow that if it 's not something extreme . 
  the same way this , is far from extreme . 
  i do n't want my children to be circumcised . 
  i want other parents to have that right in my country . 
  clear ? 
  maybe they should , but they are n't . 
  but i said before , i do n't see this as making damage . 
  why are you having trouble with understanding this ? 
  in my opinion parents should have a right to do it with their child . 
  well , sure , every change has a mechanism , the effect is however , that a lower culture replaced a higher culture . 
  different times , different methods , but the key factor - changing demography - is the same . 
  it does n't have to happen , i said , if the current trends are there to stay , it will happen . 
  and nothins right now tells that these trends will change . 
  there is n't becouse turks wiped it out . 
  there was though . 
  educate yourself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_art https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_literature https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_dress https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_music https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_music, 
  no , i do n't consider this a mutilation . 
  bysantic culture was more attractive than turkic , it was one of the most wealthy regions in the western world , and yet , the bysantic culture lost . 
  colonial cutlures in africa were more attractive than native african cultures and yet , colonial cultures had to withdraw . 
  if the worse culture is able to convince people that it 's actually the better culture , then the worse culture can win . 
  if the dynamic of the demographic trends wo n't change , sooner or later , european cultures will be gone . 
  this is not hysteria . 
  this is math . 
  most europeans would say that they feel annoyed with church bells ringing on sunday and that they wish they would n't have to live near it . 
  many of these people are completely rootless , they despise their culture for the name of some kind of modern nobody knows what and their culture was already overtaken before muslims could do it . 
  i really do n't get it , becouse despite not being to religious myself , i would like far more spend some time in the local church , simply becouse the architecture alone than sit in front of the tv and watch that shit thanks to which our cultures are becoming more and more pauperized and therefore less worthy of protecting . 
  i do n't , i accept it . 
  moreover , you also accept it , you just do n't know it . 
  all states are selectively discriminatory becouse people in power understand that people are not equal and they need some of them , while they do n't need other . 
  just like when you run a company , you discriminate and choose which people you want and which do n't . 
  there 's a reason why people put which university they finished in their cv , they discriminate you on the basis of where ( which university ) you come from . 
  just like states discriminate people on giving visas , citizienship or working permits on the basis from where is the immigrant coming from . 
  and this is completely normal . 
  they judge who 's more valuable and who 's going to cause trouble based on probability from data on previous cases of given group . 
  just naive people think that people are always equal . 
  i 'm surprised that anyone thinks this way , but to be honest , i do n't believe anyone is that stupid and it 's rather a matter of tricking yourself . 
  somehow our passports have different values and the reason behind that are the exact arguments i 'm saying . 
  ignoring that this is happening is completely and utterly retarted . 
  i did n't call anyone subhuman so stop imputing me things i did n't say . 
  i said that humans are not equal .
