  trying to teach you anything is a waste of time . 
  you 're clogged for any knowledge , you only deserve to be bashed , nothing more . 
  remember that for the rest of your life . 
  nobody threats anybody . 
  the president of the european parliament is n't elected by ` german citizens ' , but by the members of the eurpopean parliament . 
  there 's not reason to make any statement regarding his words from the german government . 
  blaszczak is an idiot and so are you , i 'm sorry , please stop talking crap . 
  you 're pathetic , schulz does not represent any state and he 's just simply right on this case . 
  unfortunatelly , we have idiots behind the wheel for next 4 years . 
  extremes are always very similiar to each other  . 
  in poland the moderate right ( po ) wanted to take some minimal amount of refugees , a compromise that would n't harm our eu relations and at the same time would n't make poles ( which are quite or even very xenophobic when it particularly comes to islam ) mad . 
  now we have national-socialist idiots in power that opposes everything that eu spits out . 
  i agree , 80 % of what we have to do is to make external borders tight for them . 
  if europe would listen to at least moderate right instead of tolerantionists , then none of this would happen . 
  same here . 
  majority of uneducated idiots voted for a party with authoriarian aspirations , i hope something will stop them before we 'd went full-turkey . 
  same in russia , hungary , and i think it 's even hitting some places in western eu . 
  yes we are . 
  they had a muslim terrorist attack that killed 191 pople 11 years ago . 
  terrorist attacks tend to higly affcet public opinion . 
  when you get used to the killing it seems the hate it fading . 
  all sharia-refugees will be welcomed  . 
  why surprised ? 
  everybody knows that also this is not the last muslim terrorist attack in france . 
  everybody knew that after charlie ebdo attacks . 
  i hope so . 
  it says ` we choose pork chop over muhammad ' and it has a rhyme to it . 
  yeah , i know . . 
  we do owe , in pretty big part , so shut your mouth . 
  so on this level they 're just like every invaders always . 
  it 's bad taste , but bad taste is n't forbidden . 
  that butthurt ... 
  yes , others avoid the bad parts ( chaos , killing , country decline ) , and they learn what has to change in their states to avoid the revolutionary scenario . 
  what if he forces you to lend him more money ? 
  of course it 's over simplified and yeah , you 've got a point there . 
  then again , it looks like others are still willing to borrow . 
  when you borrow some money to a chav with a big stick , then who has the problem . 
  the chav or you ? 
  it 's a stupid idea for oslo , i can imagine why some authorities are trying to reduce cars in big cities , sometimes there 's no other way if you do n't want to look like l.a , i get it . 
  you can make them pay to drive in , you can ultra-tax the local gas-stations . 
  but pushing that to an edge like that is pure unreasonable ideology . 
  then again , it 's a great occasion for surrounding cities to bring some business to them instead . 
  well , those roads have speed limits , where poles usually drive 20-30 above them if they 're able . 
  if they 're not able , becouse the traffic is too big , they 're sitting on your ass by driving dangerously close to you and trying to force you to drive faster . 
  it depends on the question . 
  he asked if these things are happening more often lately , not if the average flight is more/less risky nowdays . 
  if that would be the case , then of course you 'd be right . 
  2014 was one the best years in aviation . 
  it had the least number of crashes from 1927 . 
  here are the numbers http://www.baaa-acro.com/general-statistics/crashs-rate-per-year/, 
  yeah , rap music is awful . 
  they wanted to create new new york , they ended with londonistan . 
  you 've got plenty of space . 
  wan na buy some refugees ? 
  all sharia-refugees from western eu are welcomed , 
  he 's a guy with no political team of his own , a guy on a short leash . 
  kaczynski would n't anoint someone that could run off easly . 
  someone is pushing german limits to the edge , 
  bad to hear that . 
  europe is getting more and more violent every year on different levels . 
  i 'm not sure if stonoga is self-made , lots of facts about his life seems unclear . 
  half of the society adores him , the second half hates him . 
  what has one to another ? 
  i do n't advocate here that ukraine is democratic or not , but you can have a very democratic country where the overwhelming majority just does n't support gay marriage . 
  hey , at least leroy is one the first polish self-made men after 1989 , a true capitalist , no sarcasm . 
  of course , even one of the parties had that stupid ` poland in ruins ' slogan , 
  i 've noticed that too , many romanias does n't respect their country , at least on reddit . 
  romania can be great however , at least for a tourist , they 're something like a balkan france , and bucharest is a beauty . 
  i do n't agree that we differ that much , people here like to ` ideologize ' everything , it has nothing to do with religion . 
  we just had different stories after 1989 . 
  our post-communist party was still popular in the 90 's and won serveral elections and we had a post-communist president for 10 years . 
  the last elections they 've won were in 2001 with over 40 % and that was ... a really bad run , corruption and scandals that were densely covered in media for 3 years day after day . 
  after that , their ratings fell to 10 % levels and never recovered . 
  after those , really bad governments people remembered them in this way for years . 
  the situation was even harder for them , becouse two main former opposition parties , pis and po managed to polarize the society to a point where there was just no place for anyone else and this unofficial two-party system functions till today . 
  what if there will be 10 parties in next election , with each having about 10 % and pis wins with 11 % ? 
  i would consider it as poles regreting those 4 years . 
  or , if you mean re-elected as just ` getting into parliament ' then i do n't think it 's a fair measure becouse the 5 % limit is already 8 times smaller than their current ratings  . 
  lets say that if they fall to current po ratings ( 20 % -25 % or below ) which everyone today considers as a failure of that party then we could say that poles regret voting for pis . 
  of course not . 
  we could base that on average pis , government and president ratings in a year-two years time . 
  but the poles will regret it . 
  please germoney , partition us ;(, 
  orban also was very anti-russian before he won elections . 
  not anymore :d, 
  no i 'm not joking , it 's obviously completely and utterly true . 
  i 've never seen pis being critized in gp or on tv republika . 
  i 've seen a lot of criticism on po in gw . 
  that 's why in my opinion the opposition media are far , far , far more biased . 
  yes , you 're right in part , during these elections the second side also lost decency , especially newsweek . 
  but there 's still a big ( at least for me ) difference . 
  media from the ` conservative ' side are devoted to the interests of a specific party , that 's why gp attacked rn , they 're telling the public ` we 're the only true patriotic movement in this country , who 's not supporting ca n't be a patriot , the rest are just lemings ' . 
  the liberal media are just ` anti-pis ' , they 're telling you ` vote for whoever you like to , but please , not them ' . 
  you 're right . 
  gazeta is one of the most reputable newspapers in poland but the political scene is very polarized nowdays so it receives a lot of criticism from the opposition followers . 
  gazeta is maybe a bit closer to the current goverment side , but there is no way that you can compare that to the complete devotion that characterizes media that are in favor of the biggest opposition party ( gazeta polska , uwa\u017cam rze , tv republika and other scums that do n't even pretend objectivity ) . 
  turbulent times are natural . 
  it 's the belle epoques that are rare . 
  there 's a lot of poles that like putin and what russia generally does . 
  mostly those are people that have this mindset that something is more true only becouse it 's less politically correct .
