  well , uk does n't have all those markets and influence around the world anymore like in the imperial times , so what 's the point in sticking with england anyway ? 
  being a part of the british empire was very beneficial , but i ca n't see a reason for uk to exist without all that . 
  it 's still pretty fine to be in a union with australia and canada , but how long will that last ? 
  who knows if catalonia would be still in spain , and if not , the reason to veto ends . 
  i do n't believe they did n't . 
  nobody 's that stupid . 
  for scottish independence movements and parties it 's probably now or never . 
  while all of this is pretty tragic , these cameron jokes are hilarious . 
  they needed people to work , and there was nothing to steal anyway in australia back then , so the convicts and free settlers had a common purpose  . 
  ok , thanks for making it more clear . 
  we all know that , 
  nope , only about 25 % . 
  i do n't know , pretty much every door is now open , it all depends how they 'll play it . 
  the most probable scenario is the norwegian one . 
  that is , norway is n't in the eu , but actually it is . 
  it has free movement , shares the common market and pays to the eu budget ( 92 % of the sum they 'd pay if they were in eu ) . 
  it 's just not present when the decisions are being made . 
  only as a percentage . 
  it was only 160k of prisoners sent until 1868 where 's the number of free british immigrants was at about 1 million back then and after 1830 the free immigration started to intensify . 
  the convicts were the main part of the immigrants only in the first 40 years of british colonisation . 
  furthermore , to be fair , not all of the convicts were real criminals , as there were also many irish sent becouse of political reasons among them . 
  why ? 
  it 's going to be cheaper . 
  is n't that the good friday agreement has a point telling that northen irish will have a reunification referendum one day ? 
  of course russia benefits from this . 
  when i read something like that i think i 'm beginning to feel what anti-capitalists feel . 
  overcrowded and small , just like bangladesh . 
  i heard right  you were wrong . 
  hold your anschluss , ireland . 
  hey , maybe you could rebuild your population to the level of times before the english ( and you - by emigrating ) devastated it . 
  james bond movies would n't even make any sense anymore :( . 
  a super-agent of country with the size of 1.5 of the czech republic . 
  in my opinion , islam was doing quite fine , when the hellenic heritage on territories that islam conquered was still there to inspire them . 
  when time passed and this heritage devastated , they also went down , as a civilisation . 
  those photographs from the 60 's are showing western cultural influence in these countries , that was present after the colonial era , but in some cases it 's now gone . 
  it seems you 're tired enough to have trouble with reading and understanding . 
  so , these stereotypes about you are for real ? 
  it was fun , but now i 'm tired of this pathetic butthurt , buzz off and bye . 
  not really agreeing with that statement . 
  sometimes i just like to write something that some people think in polish internet to check the reaction on guys like you and ... to mess around little bit . 
  but if you 're interested , there was actually a protest in lublin , maybe about 10 people showed up . 
  in my opinion there is n't really an escape from germany-benelux-france integrating into federeation , they share the same geopolitical niche . 
  the rest is a matter of question . 
  you 've been taking humour lessons in germany , have n't you ? 
  let 's be honest - cultural diffrences , that is , the majority of turks being muslims - is one of the reasons . 
  however , more important is that turkey is too big and it 's in bad neighbourhood . 
  geopolitics do n't work like that . 
  you do n't have natural barriers between north and south , however this was how you 've been divided once . 
  you have barriers between east and west , however they did n't create separate states . 
  americans want the cannon fodder to stay around : /, 
  that 's how eu funds work . 
  to get money on infrastructural projects you need to spend your own money as a share of the whole cost . 
  to get money on roads you need to make your own share . 
  i 'm not sure it is n't ... but it would be nice if you 'd stay this time . 
  well , hungary was treated a little bit with injustice at trianon palace . 
  giving them szeklerland would be a stupid idea , becouse it would only cause a geopolitical nightmare and conflict between them and romanians , but despite that piece of land , hungarians were a majority in northen serbia , southern slovakia and western scraps of romania and there was no reason not to give that to them . 
  it would n't cause a geopolitical instability there and at the same time more people could live in countries of their ethnicity . 
  you could n't really make hungary smaller in any way . 
  everyone has a racist uncle in hist family . 
  but it 's not that bad when you realise that he 's someone 's dad . 
  i had an impression that he 's making fun of this ` good-ole-boy from when the uk was a great power ' attitude . 
  a kind of auto-irony . 
  yes , unfortunately . 
   belfast i 've heard that ni is very pro-eu . 
  how many believers each one has ? 
  it 's not becouse germany is n't weaker than russia ? 
  it 's the fourth largest economy in the world while russia is 10-12 . 
  it will exist , how it 's going to be shaped is however a different issue . 
  that 's not true . 
  our infrastructural plans were set in longterm as well and realised despite government changes . 
  it makes me sad , becouse i really wish ukraine well . 
  but how can you help people that are trying so hard , to stay where they are forever , they 're throwing away any helping hand , wasting their geopolitical opportunity to become a normal country and utterly giving free amunition to people that are n't their friends . 
  they do n't understand that the ones being hit by these ` events ' are themselves . 
  yes , but it 's your business and i see you 're completely are n't aware of that . 
  read my second post . 
  it 's a thoughtless attitude becouse of course it has an impact on economy , but hey , it 's your future . 
  btw , you did n't piss of poland , yet , i just do n't get it where do you see advantages to your situation by trying . 
  i 'm not saying this to begin a historical dispute . 
  i 'm saying this to tell what will happen if this continues . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  glorifying upa is turning polish public opinion against ukraine and therefore making hard for any polish goverment to support ukraine openly . 
  these pictures are n't seen with contentment in the west as well . 
  tbh , it helps putin , shows that he might be right about ` nazi ukraine ' . 
  i would n't do that if i was ukraine in their given geopolitical situation . 
  it 's a shoot in the foot . 
  glorify upa even more , allow nationalists with red-black flags to march in lviv and kiev even longer and more often , and you 're going to have poor relations with almost every neighbour you have . 
  i do n't believe we 'll see a new silk road with trains going 2-3 days anytime soon , tbh . 
  china 's selling a dream , that ca n't really afford to build right now . 
  but chinese internal issues are also underreported . 
  china is not developing as fast as it used to , but that 's why they seek new markets to expand in the first place , probably . 
  now as you mentioned it , i think you 're right . 
  it does feel a little bit redneck to me , however i dunno where i got these associations from , maybe from ` this is england ' ? 
  great movie . 
  unfortunately this is more or less how it looked like for most of the history . 
  the current coat of arms is from interwar period . 
  why would i wish that ? 
  it 's just a stupid flair . 
  i 've noticed that active reddit brexiters always or almost always choose the english flag , not the union jack as their flair . 
  it 's probably about the 16 +1 thing ( https://euobserver.com/stakeholders/131270 ) . 
  on sunday he 's in poland .
