  anyway , warsaw was completely destroyed , and not everything was documented enough to rebuild it . 
  dresden - same story , some parts rebuilded ( those were plans were saved . 
  or at least photographs ) , some are new . 
  modern warsaw has been built under communism on the other hand while modernism in architecture was peaking on the other . 
  they focused on building modern solutions that made a city more fit to cars , buses , trains and massive communication so the city could be more economically effective . 
  the old urban arrangement has been changed , i do n't think building historical architecture in such context would fit . 
  there 's no history behind it . 
  also , you are wrong about paris . 
  paris has a place for the historical architecture and for modern architecture as well ( the la defence district ) , vienna ? 
  same story . 
  this is a path for warsaw as well . 
  try to understand , that when planning a modern city , your needs as a tourist are only one of the many things , big business wants more office space in a given part of city , where you can easly get , mostly with a car . 
  there 's no sense in building historical architecture in places that were completely destroyed and which historically - in the urban planning sense - did n't even exist in the age of given historical style . 
  what you are looking at , is just the district for skyscrapers in warsaw . 
  it 's not all warsaw , there are parts with renewed historical styles as well . 
  crushing the palace of culture would be just a bad decision economically , the building is doing his job quite well . 
  far better is doing what is actually happening , the symbol is being neutralized by building other buildigs , with a similiar size , near the palace so it 's not dominating the skyline . 
  besides , most of pre-war warsaw architecture was also a stain , of russian imperialism in that case , as the most dominant style in the city was a russian interpretation of european styles , something you can meet in petersburg or helsinki . 
  just look at modern hiroshima, 
  racists and bigots were so completely right about refugees that it makes the fluffy left wingers bigoted , 
  the western world peaked couple days before ww1 started . 
  after that , it started to loose power relatively . 
  for the ceremony ? 
  you got it all wrong . 
  we did n't start ww2 and we 're not warmongering . 
  and it was n't a `` genocide '' but a genocide . 
  oh , sorry , misreaded, 
  well , obviously , if you do n't earn money , you have little to share with . 
  i know that cc is bad at pr , but him being fat does n't really mean anything about this person , while you 're trying to make his psychological profile just becouse he 's fat  . 
  catholic church is the biggest charity organisation in the world , and it 's also not a sin to be good at managing your money . 
  being rich is not a sin and being rich does n't mean that someone is not sharing . 
  gluttonous ? 
  nope , being fat does n't necessarily implicate that someone is gluttonous, 
  you 're blind . 
  basic ukraine . 
  this movie is n't anti-ukrainian with good poles vs bad ukrainians , just watch and see before you make a opinion . 
  only to simple minds that do n't know what causes world hunger . 
  hint : not him being fat . 
  btw , the fact that his fat does not mean that he 's greedy nor that he does n't share with other people . 
  it does n't mean shit , beside the fact that he 's fat , to be honest . 
  i do n't think that those people in the village care that he 's fat much . 
  creating a perfect human is n't the goal of catholicism . 
  catholicism also is not about getting to heaven as a reward for doing good . 
  this simply does n't matter for someone with at least basic knowledge about his religion . 
  okay , i 'm honest : modern and post-modern buildings    old architectural styles . 
  but the answer is : modern building are more functional . 
  it also reminds people he was austrian , remember the austrian pr trick : they managed to convince the world that beethoven was austrian and hitler was german , 
  let 's not turn europe into an open-air museum . 
  saving important buildings is fine , but we do n't need to save every single old building . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the house did n't do any harm to anyone . 
  time passes , and the ` look , fat bishop so catholicism is stupid ' argument is still getting attention . 
  poles wo n't be to keen on helping ukraine , if they wo n't hear `` we are sorry for the genocide '' from ukraine . 
  ukraine does n't feel this is needed and i 've heard many times from them , that they do n't need our help . 
  i guess fuck them . 
  not true . 
  for example , middle east was much more western in the 60 's and 70 's than it is now , when radical islam i gaining more and more power . 
  look at pictures of iran of the 60 's and now . 
  western cultural code is loosing influence , and muslim cultural code is gaining influence in the western world , as more and more muslims are living there and the vast majority of them does n't want to leave their religion and pretty much all of those countries have problems with integrating those people . 
  you 're talking about is the leftover after the era of western domination , which was huge but which is shrinking . 
  besides , most of the world is having actually a religious revival , only the ( post ) christian world in europe and america is going the opposite way , islam is just filling the empty place in europe . 
  islam is n't shrinking , it 's the fastest growing religion in the world . 
  you 're also wrong about christianity , becouse those numbers are also rising , but in much slower rate , that 's why i think that islam will dominate the world as it 's more effective . 
  at the same time , native , secular european population is shrinking . 
  those are facts showing that you are wrong . 
  oh yeah , so it 's also a matter of islam . 
  there are various ways , but the consequences are the same - another part of the world , that was christian , will be eaten by islam . 
  decade after decade , western civilisation is shrinking and muslim is growing . 
  those are plain facts , it does n't matter much if it 's driven my arabs , turks or french . 
  islam is eating more and more parts of this world , 
  so tolerant !, 
  yes , you 're right , it was after the peak for turkey , however - it was still very strong . 
  of course . 
  that does n't change the fact that i was commenting something else , the ' 8th century germany ' geopolitical concept . 
  i agree with this , but that 's why this attempt is far better than any of the previous ones . 
  however it geopolitical terms , it is a similiar thing . 
  if napoleon had been succesful , sooner or later the capital would have been moved from paris as this empire would have to be more concerned on the continental issues than france is . 
  the continent however could not be united becouse uk , turkey and russia had their historical peaks of their power and everyone of them was using divide et impera if someone stronger emerged . 
  i agree that this attempt was far better than any of the previous ones , nevertheless , the geopolitical pattern is similiar , just with different methods , adjusted to different times . 
  it 's happening again . 
  the continent is uniting without the uk , historically , after that attempt there 's war . 
  at least no bad memories . 
  i guess poland is this strange lonely guy randomly saying weird , bizzare stuff , seeking for someone to talk to , but nobody normal cares . 
  belarus is giving this tempting look from time to time , but she 's bullied by the big , hairy , drunk guy . 
  ukraine too , but he thinks that all she cares about is money and that he might end up with hiv after having sex with her . 
  there 's also hungary , but he 's afraid it might get to overly attached . 
  and yeah , lithuania , he had some good time with lithuania once , but he does n't know how to approach her after she told him it was rape, 
  british geopolitical nightmare . 
  i 'm only saying that you ca n't allow to happen that the union would be based only on sentiment if you want it to survive . 
  however , if we 're talking about scottish independence , then what i 'm hearing is quite the opposite , in my opinion they 're mostly talking about money which pretty much proves my point . 
  why would scotland want to be in the union if london would n't be the jumping deck to a large market ( previously - the colonies , now - eu ) anymore ? 
  you ca n't base a union on sentiment , history shows that these kinds of unions exist as long , as the money flows . 
  nope , of course hard brexit means also negociations , it 's as simple as article 50 , just read the thing , there is an obligatory agreement to be found . 
  what tusk is saying is that there will be negociations without allowing british to much . 
  gdansk is doing fine , they want to put some life to elblag port . 
  nobody says there will be no negociations . 
  in this case , charles gives his throne to william in fast forwad mode . 
  brits love william . 
  gibraltar is quite the opposite of being worthless , 
  he meant that the british are using portugal for the last 700 years just to not make spain strong enough as a european sea power .
