  thank you . 
  nobody doubts in climate change . 
  climate is constantly changing and has a tremendous effect on world history . 
  the geographic border between europe and asia is completely made up and arbitrary and there is n't a single agreement that everyone would follow . 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/plik:possible_definitions_of_the_boundary_between_europe_and_asia.png in fact , there is n't any real border , europe and asia form a single landmass , the eurasia and the distinction between europe and asia is only due to practical reasons . 
  however , georgian culture is obviously european . 
  if you import middle east , you get middle east , easy . 
  you had hope at this point ? 
  what are you , 14 ? 
  why ? 
  i like my religiously-motivated public holidays and i would n't want them to be cancelled . 
  when a funny joke is repeated , it becomes less funny . 
  wrong again , in german case : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-racism-racial-stereotype-african-descent-black-united-nations-un-police-authorities-customs-a7603771.html http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?newsid=56252 but i do n't agree with un , that racial profiling is discriminating . 
  it 's useful for the police , and that 's why it 's being used , despite the general politically correct trend that says we should be completely blind on race . 
  police work is too sensitive and important to follow this pc nonsense when it brings added value to their work . 
  you 're just writing comments on some webpage , so you can live in your dream world . 
  did n't le pen take socialist `` gim me more for free '' voters ? 
  theere you go , cpt sweden . 
  rotfl . 
  does she have other options to form a coalition ? 
  energy market is one the most unfree , controlled and steered markets all over europe . 
  imho we should have a diverse renewable resources . 
  north poland can have wind farms , there 's some place for solar , mostly in the south , we still can have some hydroelectric plants in the mountains ( and hydroelectric energy has the biggest eroi above all ) , there are spots suitable for geothermal energy and we can grow potato oil all over the place . 
  i do n't get why do they install wind farms in red or even grey areas all over europe . 
  is it becouse subsidizing renewable energy policy beyond the limits of rationality or something more ? 
  if this is the case , it 's going to backfire , like every puritanism ever . 
  in western europe , the multicultural boat rocks you !, 
  silmarillion is highly inspired by the old testament and lord of the rings is higly inspired by the new testament . 
  ... and there he founded his city . 
  to me , echoes is a mystical approach on atheism and evolution  . 
  it wo n't get too many people mad , becouse this gesture is unknown in continental europe with the intended meaning . 
  besides , why is may making the gesture ? 
  her actions are far from `` fuck you , europe '' ( if this is the meaning ) . 
  if anything , it should be nigel farage , pointing middle finger only . 
  at least the general public would understand the message . 
  and all the people that died becouse of crime , war and violence . 
  yeah , these stereotypes are loud enough to get here . 
  death was much more common back then . 
  that 's why it 's more often in children books . 
  reactions like this of `` aliencow '' reminds me , how sterile our lifes became in context of death and violence . 
  people are getting more sensitive with every year . 
  it is n't good or bad . 
  it just happens as a consequence . 
  i thought the anglican church was the biggest protestant church in ni adn that it 's dominating there . 
  well , til that the presbyterian church in ireland is bigger . 
  that explains a lot about ni to me . 
  exactly , in terms of economy , pis is quite left . 
  usually developers today are not designing whole neighbourhoods but few blocks . 
  there 's nothing bad in that , but no planning schools , churches in this case . 
  they should however try to fit to the local urban context . 
  gated blocks are rather destorying cities . 
  so you ca n't choose who from people coming you want to keep in , becouse otherwise it 's not democracy ? 
  that urbanism has many errors . 
  first of all it did n't pass the time test . 
  that space is today usually covered with cars becouse nobody then thought about parkings in the basements to hide these cars somewhere . 
  access to public transport was n't so fine and shiny if people decided to buy more and more cars while living there so i would n't praise this solution either . 
  people park on sidewalks , grass , everywhere , becouse there 's no other option . 
  it 's just not fit to current times where almost every family has at least 1 car . 
  all that green space in between starts being useless as the view becomes dominated with cars parked in a chaotic way . 
  besides , those apartments are really tiny and sometimes claustrophobic . 
  i was raised in a stand-alone house and i was always almost schocked how little space there is for a whole family to live . 
  these spaces often do n't even pass current ergonomic standards of inner spaces , especially when it comes to kitchens and bathrooms . 
  sometimes it 's deliberately . 
  for example , tiny kitchens are sometimes that tiny becouse people were meant to eat and socialize at local dining house . 
  it never happened though . 
  another reason is that these neighoburhoods are to big and monotonous which puts human indivudals in a social context that 's to big for them and not natural for a human being . 
  that 's why as time passed , people were less and less attached to their local enviroment , that caused in stop caring about common public space , not knowing your neighbours and so on . 
  from that point it 's only getting worse . 
  one of the main reason of criticism is the lack of proper city street . 
  that creates a situation where these masses of people do n't cumulate and meet with each other during everyday travels . 
  we now know , that a main street/square is crucial for every village/town/neighbourhood . 
  it 's where people meet , buy , sell , eat , talk . 
  that 's where the heart of the local community always beats , that 's the local dominant . 
  this heart is almost always poorly designed . 
  there are no main streets or main squares , it 's usually a set of poorly designed sets of shops and restaurants here and there without any centre points or common design . 
  i would say that no ( or poorly designed ) neighbourhood centre and no real city streets is the biggest reason why most people would like to live elsewhere . 
  the fact that these places are n't designed for todays communications is just another bit . 
  when it comes to stricte urbanism a much better solution are places like pre-war nikiszowiec in katowice . 
  it has a designed dominant , where the restaurants , shops , bus stations , church are . 
  blocks form city streets and there 's a lot of space in the back of these blocks so the downsides of xix century urbanism are n't the case there . 
  it is n't to big so people feel attached to the place . 
  if nikiszowiec would be a modern solution these blocks would n't form completely closed courtyards but these couryards would be rounded with 2-4 separated blocks . 
  the thing is that now urbanists think that there 's a need of compromise between blocks set in open space and blocks forming blocks , while one or another extreme is wrong . 
  also , cars would go under the surface and flats would be bigger and better equipped . 
  actually , too big space between blocks is n't good either becouse there 's a lack of functioning street . 
  currently , urbanists rather agree that a solution somewhere in between is proper . 
  so the block of blocks is n't as dense as in xix century architecture , but they should form blocks of buildings with an urban planning that would form a street on the outside and a courtyard on the back , however not that dense so it keep it 's recreation functions . 
  oh , okay , i misunderstood your intention . 
  and juncker slaming is a low price for safety . 
  so democracy is bad when the result does n't fit us ? 
  it 's surprising that there are no plans for helsinki - petersburg - tallin motorway . 
  at the same time that tiny bit of motorway between russia and crimea . 
  i ca n't even ... 
  extremes are usually bad , extreme free speech ( with a right to insult someone ) too . 
  and you 're not right . 
  we have rights against insulting in public since modern press was born and this did n't generate more limits , it was rather the other way around , there was more and more things we could say or write and at the same time , ` anti-insulting ' laws were getting more complex . 
  there 's nothing that would support your theory . 
  and besides , free speech is n't a fetish to me in the first place , i understand that some limits have to be there . 
  you 're benefiting from these laws as well . 
  i could call you a stinky , ugly pedophile in the press all the time , just becouse i want to .
