  art , music , literature and so on ? 
  partly . 
  organization ? 
  not . 
  who said something is ? 
  i miss winter , 
  have a good fun with your muslims , western europe , we 'll pass on this trend xd, 
  of course . 
  however , strict geographic definitions are useless when you study cultures , that always cross these borders . 
  the gegraphic term is to figure out more or less what are we talking about , not to classify who belongs where . 
  and became a muslim country in recent decades as a result . 
   the fact the 2nd generation is worse than the 1st does n't bode well . 
  it 's so funny , that people are surprised about that . 
  how come a 15 year old , 15 years ago could tell you the same thing this ex-mi5 tell you but grown ups were silent then . 
  it 's like you could write a bot to send this comment each time it happens to have it off the head already . 
  being european is about culture , not genes . 
  they did n't `` survive '' at a certain level during the ages . 
  their numbers were gradually falling for a long time now , recent events were n't an exception , just another step in wiping out christians from middle east . 
  there is a way . 
  spanish are like southern swedes . 
  what i 'd like to see is christians to stop whining and start standing for themselves , grabbing a weapon if needed . 
  yes , christian communities are targeted . 
  no , you wo n't solve this issue if you wo n't learn how to shoot . 
  sending clothes and food is n't enough and wo n't solve much . 
  german law is similiar on this matter :  under german criminal code ( \u00a7 90a strafgesetzbuch ( stgb ) ) it is illegal to revile or damage the german federal flag as well as any flags of its states in public . 
  offenders can be fined or sentenced to a maximum of three years in prison , or fined or sentenced to a maximum of five years in prison if the act was intentionally used to support the eradication of the federal republic of germany or to violate constitutional rights . 
  i like how it started to be an euphemism for trolling and instantly people became more open about it . 
  it 's probably the end of the massive heat waves this year has to offer . 
  well , knowing european history , an enormous tragedy has to happen , then the pendulum swings back again . 
  it was a private conversation . 
  if you think politicians do n't talk like that in private , you 're being very naive . 
  how could i be jelaous becouse of something that never existed and pretty much can not exist . 
  and ... ? 
  muslims . 
  not even once . 
  what kind of positive influence could be done that ca n't be done now ? 
  why is it a shame ? 
  it 's usually better when the power is closer to the citizien . 
  brazil has an enormous potential , but they do n't know how to grow and use it . 
  do n't be so hard on yourself . 
  it 's not my spectrum , it 's basic school knowledge on geography lessons . 
  most scientists see them still as europeans and that 's what you probably find in your 4th grade geography book , if you still have it . 
  it 's a spectrum . 
  please , do it . 
  `` unreservedly '' - nobody used that word , except you , so stop imputing people things they did n't say . 
  armenia and georgia are obviously culturally european . 
  read more carefuly . 
  he did n't compare them with present times , but with catholic feudals of that time . 
  read more carefuly . 
  he did n't compare them with present times , but with catholic feudals of that time . 
  as usual it 's the other way around . 
  yes it also does mean camp : https://sjp.pwn.pl/sjp/tabor;2528491.html, 
  well , i disagree . 
  roosevelt participation in ` big three ' meetings is also often seen as betrayal , not only in poland . 
  that does n't change the fact , that a big portion of german political class is pro-russian and they do n't care about cee europe at all as long as those volkswagens keep selling . 
  they 're just not in power right now . 
  told you it would happen . 
  you should become swedish . 
  it depends which immigrants : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_crime_in_the_united_kingdom#england_and_wales_crime_statistics, 
  hey , nobody asked you to start this conversation and i do n't care about you or your feelings . 
  so you can go now . 
  so you did n't understand . 
  i 'd lie , if i say i feel surprised . 
  there 's a squatting eskimo in northen baltic sea . 
  blah , blah , blah , and you continue with your jabbering . 
  give me something new , fresh , not something boring and stupid as people like you constantly repeat . 
  say something interesting next time . 
  very interesting . 
  i thought organic farms are usually small and irrevelant , where as often , farms from this group are larger than the average . 
  i had tons of conversations with these people but since they all just presented same things and their argumentation was basically just repeating something they 've heard somewhere else without any of their own thought , i 'm rather too bored to continue . 
  xddddd, 
  hatred is a derivative of fear if nothing is done with the fear in the first place when there 's time for it . 
  and accepting more people who cause this fear is n't the way out . 
  geopolitical order is a derivative of a balance of strength . 
  people does n't become a statistic . 
  they are a statistic all the time . 
  i do n't care . 
   when numbers should matter since always , if you want to prove that the problem of racism is bigger in one place than in other . 
  i do n't see why being called islamophobic is wrong . 
  phobia is being scared of something , and being scared about consequences of having large muslim population in the country , aftger what can be seen in western europe is a natural , biological reaction that should cause in a decision : hell , no , these immigrants wo n't come here . 
  yes , what about them ? 
  how many are them ? 
  i would rather choose to quite eu twice than be forced to import thousands of muslim immigrants . 
  i hope we 'll keep you annoyed forever . 
  i does n't work in that linear way as you suggested . 
  lithuanians can commit some more crimes than native germans in germany but still their presence can sum up to be an advantage . 
  other nationalities can commit a lot more crime in germany causing more costs for a pax-tayer ( more police forces , more public services and so on ) and at the same time , they could produce gdp at much smaller rate ( becouse they 're unemployed much more often , not to mention social benefits ) . 
  ljublana is the only place where i like some of the commie-architecture . 
  generally , if anyone thinks this will avoid `` his '' internet , then he 's wrong . 
  all governments will try and rather become successful in controlling internet . 
  yes , also people in ireland , liechtenstein , usa and finland . 
  and ... ? 
  i highly doubt that those poles cause that much trouble as smuslims do , but if they do , brits have full rights to kick those people out . 
  they do have a right to kick even immigrants that does n't cause trouble if they want to . 
  i 'm so glad we do n't have large muslim communities in here . 
  i 'd honestly rather quit eu twice than decide to import this problem . 
  i hope this will stay this way forever . 
  good luck with your muslims , france . 
  i 'm interested in discussion with someone that knows anything on the given topic . 
  clear ?
