  but if a french politician would be harsh on the british , you would clap your hands . 
  and as non-people , they do n't retire , they just are n't able to do what they did before but it has nothing to do with age . 
  2 years ... england went from controlling 1/4 of the world to a point in which controlling great britain island is questionable in one generation lifetime . 
  it was the ad hominem of a defeated argument i 'm hearing from you . 
  as you crearly could n't find any rational argument aimed at the substance of the dispute , thank you , for ensuring me , that i 'm so right !, 
  uk could never compete with a united europe , that 's why uk always prevented united europe from happening . 
  it could , also today , compete with france or germany ( not to mention others ) with those two not liking each other if of course europe would n't be under american guardianship . 
  but yeah , without the empire market and wiithout eu market , what 's the sense of uk ? 
  uk is a us vassal state but it 's not the reason . 
  the reason is pure geographic . 
  it 's a lonely island , but big enough to be a major power , at the same time afraid , that it could have a bigger power near it 's shores . 
  uk outside the eu puts itself in the position in which taiwan is , this has to rise hostility . 
  the difference is that uk is tronger than taiwan ( compared to the main power ( china or eu ) ) and therefore it is managable to break the united europe as history of the last 500 proven at least 3 times . 
  something has to happen . 
  current situation with belarus in one team and the rest in second ( in the north-eastern european plains ) is geopolitically not natural and it can exist only in a short period of time . 
  he was thinking about ethnic tensions , not economy and he 's right . 
  i do n't see why serbian majority territories bordering serbia should n't be a part of serbia and why croatian majority from territories bordering croatia shoudl n't be part of croatia . 
  what 's left is a small state in which bosnians actually are a 70-80 % majority and therefore have a real state for their people , not this failed mosaic . 
  how does it feel lithuania , to be next ? 
  i do n't have bad intentions asking this , just wondering how are people in lithuania thinking about a potential war with russia . 
  also , ukrainian gdp per capita during soviet times was higher than polish one . 
  it 's hard to find any key explaining differences between countries . 
  intelligent people ( those called bigots usually ) knew these kind of things will happen with their ` refugee ' policies . 
  google translate says it 's putin - dick/dickhead , so it seems rammsteindebg is right . 
  there were belle epoques earlier as well . 
  they 're rare . 
  there 's a ( 70 + something ) % probability that he does support those decisions . 
  in some parts of europe people actually value the tradition of their culture . 
  i know it may seem strange for a rootless person following post-modern empty talk . 
  or `` look , i 'm normal , like you , support me ! '', 
  thank you , i am , 
  nope , we 're not , as anti-eu parties gets money from russia  . 
  the second stance is absurd , weak russia has to double worry about bordering eu , it 's even more dangerous for her . 
  times are changing , so are the methods , uk response stays as it was despite differences . 
  anyway , i do n't see you having that , so lets end this . 
  it does n't matter , i 'm quitting any argumented response to any ad hominem `` arguments '' . 
  in my opinion it will be more like what russia is doing with eu , setting everyone against each other in the eu . 
  prussia was a british errand boy since the protestant revolution up until german unification . 
  better than previous ones . 
  the uk is already blocking the creation of eu army . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-fallon-idukkcn12410j this will continuse and rise more and more hostility between uk and eu also after brexit . 
  you ca n't unite the continent under the biscuit flag , you could unite it with those ideologies but the british was always against . 
  no matter how good or bad the idea was . 
  and the reason is that all those ideologies shared the same geopolical shape as a goal and this shape was a threat to the british as they see their islands potential as something bigger than proposed in those projects . 
  im saying about the geopolitical shape of the project and in these terms all those ideologies share ithem and british reaction to each one was similiar becouse the british just does n't want to be in a united continent and also , they do n't want the contient to get united without them . 
  there were better and worse attempts to unite it , and british answer was always the same , escape . 
  you will see in the nearest future after brexit will happen , that british government will do anything to stop eu from integrating , creating eu army , etc and this actions will only prove my point . 
  in geopolitical terms , history repeats itself . 
  the continent tries to unite itself , uk quits those attempts ( catholicism , napoleon , hitler , eu ) and then there 's another european-british war after which everyone has a hangover and europe become less significant . 
  there is no way you can win this duel . 
  he is . 
  gender theory is not . 
  clear ? 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  with 15 most people actually are n't yet intelligent , they do n't ( and ca n't ) have their own views , they 're just following someone else . 
  no , of course i do n't consider an avergage 15 to be intelligent . 
  i do n't care if you treat this as an insult or not . 
  you can change that will with some effort , 
  what are you , 15 or something ? 
  you have no right to be mad about that , you have been warned about the fucking . 
  looks turkish . 
  what about france ? 
  maybe i did or maybe i did n't !, 
  you 'll never know !, 
  the architecture is so familiar to the classic architecture we have around here , especially in . 
  keep it in good shape , lithuania . 
  glad to see that war and soviet era did n't destroy the old look of the city , as it often was happening in ukraine or belarus . 
  sooner or later germany will be back with their old integrating methods , giving each person three options 1 ) become german 2 ) leave 3 ) be killed, 
  socialism policy pays off as always . 
  make things even harder for business , make your working rights even more overgrown , make your economy even less flexible . 
  oh , and strike , do n't forget to strike if someone actually wants to take that away . 
  i 'm sure it will help . 
  i guess you do n't consider russia as europe ... nor ` everyone ' . 
  that 's very naive . 
  russia is constantly playing one member against another . 
  becouse the existence and further integration of eu is a threat to the uk security as long as uk refuses to be a part of it ? 
  this is pretty clear from a geopolitical point of view . 
  i said that before the referendum . 
  uk leaving eu puts itself in the situation similiar to that in which taiwan is in relation to china . 
  postwar world order is gone for 25 years . 
  now it 's the post cold war world order ... going away . 
  balkans are messed becouse of their complicated geography . 
  different valley , different people . 
  even a country as little as slovenia in a range of at least two climate types . 
  and that 's why there is n't a day when while driving to work i would n't see at least one-two ukrainian plates on the road ( and i do n't live in eastern parts of the country ) . 
  i 'm not against immigration from ukraine , however i know what are the reasons . 
  is n't ppp more valuable when comparing average life quality levels in different countries ? 
  i think it did . 
  however , i was referring to the phoney war anyway . 
  since ww2 it 's a popular opinion that you should n't trust the brits when it comes to alliances . 
  you can say that again ( about the uk ) xd, 
  maybe that was the point ? 
  historically bohemia = \u010cechy . 
  the name of the state was named after the biggest part . 
  more like slovakia for hungary for most of the time . 
  czechoslovakia was only a xx century concept . 
  visit excalibur city in czechia if you want to see something weird . 
  so serious ... having a bad morning ? 
   we had guy in parliament talking it should not be teached in schools with priests support who was that ? 
  and which priests supported him in this ?
