  but that seems to be effective biologically while open-minded societies are not . 
  it started 1400 years ago and there 's no data that would say this expanding will stop . 
  inshallah , this is the fate of humanity !, 
  this is how helplessness looks like . 
  repeating star wars quotes and making a joke of wikipedia . 
  what about tourism ? 
  those towns are probably seeing many more western tourists than the interior and east . 
  it 's not a new scenario . 
  it happened in germany . 
  just as i remember it . 
  accodring to wikipedia nile valey and nile delta are regions where 92 % of egypt 's population is living and egypt 's population is 82,5 m. 
  it 's rather the other way around . 
  popularity of such people comes from a reaction to something . 
  it 's not like people started to miss a more destabilised world . 
  during some holidays shops are generally closed , but there 's no ban on alcohol buying specifically . 
  just wait and see what happens . 
  are there other holidays when you ca n't buy alcohol in ireland ? 
  but no decision making ability . 
  there 's a superpower potential which is n't used well . 
  at this stage probably all cyrilic-written languages have a latin version of some sort . 
  you 're a mix of everything that was nearby now anyway . 
  excuse me , i thought it 's obvious that `` ataturk turkey '' is a mental shortcut for post-ottoman , more secular turkey . 
  becouse it 's now his be or not to be in turkish politics . 
  this conservative electorate , where 's the biggest demographic growth wo n't vanish after his lost . 
  he wants to be the ` sultan ' , but the sultan 's going to come no matter what 's the result . 
  no , you do n't understand your politics . 
  ever heard about `` then give back to caesar what is caesar 's , and to god what is god 's . '', 
  from the bible ? 
  this was the seed from which we have developed institutional church-state separation or tributary state . 
  it did n't happen by accident that these ideas were being developed in christian europe . 
  in other words , in christian world , when these two powers , church and state institutionally mix , it 's a sign of corruption , becouse then one of the power gains whole control over an enslaved human . 
  in islam a sign of corruption is when these powers do n't mix , it 's about obedience under one power . 
  in their world mosque-state separation or tributary state is something that was brought to them from the outside , they might take it or not , but it 's not something that would be a logical consequence of following their own cultural code . 
  that 's why most christian or post-christian countries are today more or less democratic , and most muslim countries are more or less authocratic . 
  it 's a consequence of a culture based on different roots . 
  as some pointed that ataturk turkey or movements that created ataturk turkey were n't that nice ( just look at cyrpus ) i would like to mention that this ataturk turkey had to be rescued by an army coup every 10-15 years so turkey would n't slide down to ottomanism once again . 
  as long as islam is the dominating ideology among population , dreams about modern , liberal , democratic , stable turkey are just that - dreams . 
  the fact that intelectuals and political class were mostly secular at some point of history is not enough . 
  it has a very aggresive ideological and political part if you want it to be this way and at the same time it has a religious core , which makes it lasting and stable . 
  this referendum result wo n't change much . 
  it might stop erdogan a bit , he might end with having parts of his authority in the party taken away , but it wo n't change the general course in which turkey is and will be going . 
  try to look at it from a scientific point of view . 
  like a programist looking at a computer virus code or a biologist looking at anthills . 
  it 's sad , that more and more people will have to live under islam , but that does n't change the fact that it 's an amazing , expansive mechanism and in contrary to many other ideologies , like pathetic nazism which lasted for 2 decades , this one is working for 1400 years now . 
  yes , it seems you 're right . 
  it 's estimated that every year it 's getting bigger by 500 000 o_o . 
  having this economic and civilisational hub so close i do n't see countries like greece or bulgaria getting away from being under huge influence of it . 
  this is why i think neo-ottomanism will happen , however i 'm not sure about the form of it . 
  it would be nice if it would be a kind of secular economic union but i 'd be very naive to think that this is the most likely scenario . 
  not equally and not only religion , secular ideologies as well . 
  this potential did n't vanish , quite the oppositeunder erdogan this potential is still growing . 
  their population , economy and many other capabilities are growing . 
  if this potential is being used well is a completely different question . 
  istanbul aglomeration alone has almost a population of greece . 
  maybe their interpretation of the faith is right , but the faith is wrong , but yeah , it seems we need to pretend just a little but longer to learn this lesson . 
  how on earth is it possible that anyone is shocked about changes in turkey if a 15 year old with a medium interest in politics and history could predict it in 2002 . 
  i mean , how big is these people soap buble they 're living in ? 
  no , turkey is n't going to be allright and one of the reasons is islam , not islamism , just islam . 
  btw , people who think that this will be over after erdogan looses referendum are utterly and completely naive . 
  ca n't speak for all of us , but i do n't . 
  i do n't think they 're a way out of neo-ottomanism . 
  turkey has an enormous potential . 
  i really admire islam for how effective it is when it comes to spreading and expansion . 
  it really is a great ideology to obtain and then use for setting your order . 
  from the beginning it 's almost constantly expanding with few exceptions when it was backed with a large ammount of determination and force . 
  if you ask me , islam will once dominate the world . 
  and this is a great thing , becouse that 's how nature works , the stronger survives and then populates and dominates each territory . 
  i do n't believe that muslims will tolerate ` secularism ' when they 'll become larger in numbers . 
  i do n't see any ideology that would be stronger than islam . 
  the fact that islam turns new territories into shit and living under islam is a huge step back for a civilised man is sad , but still true . 
  it started 1400 years ago and there 's no data that would say this expanding will stop . 
  inshallah , this is the fate of humanity !, 
  you missed the `` or '' , and i 'm focusing here on the cultural background . 
  which will drop leaflets , like raf in september 1939 . 
  i 'm surprised that so many serbs i talked to on the internet are pretty pro-western or at least neutral . 
  serbs i 've met live in belgrade were pretty ` closed to others ' , they do n't seem to be to open to tourist foreigners . 
  a guy selling tickets for a tower at the belgrade castle started shouting something about ` bracia slowianie ' to us , but few minutes later ` katoliki banditi ' or something like that . 
  also , their museums are full of anti-nato sentiment or just - let 's be fair - information about nato including facts that not always puts nato in good light . 
  with all that anti-western narrative , fair or not fair , that i 've seen in belgrade , i 'm quite surprised when seeing pro-eu serbs . 
  as time passes and united states heritage added to this culture is getting bigger and bigger , the ` western ' name might become more and more popular . 
  however , if the geographic context is n't that important , becosue we 're talking about ` cultural ' definition , then it can be as well synonym with european . 
  by adding ` culturally ' we can see geographic europe as a core and root , but not something that should narrow this culture with its geographic bounds , becouse in that case ` western ' is also bad , as nz or australia are n't in the geographic west . 
  gibraltarians are british , not only in political sense , but also in cultural sense despite not being a geographic part of britain . 
  there was n't even poland back then , just a bunch of tribes , which were sparesly connected with the european culture . 
  i would n't say about them that they were europeans . 
  answered that in other posts . 
  religion is n't only about wearing a different hat , it builds different mindsets and different mentality which then is mapped on different law and different customs . 
  at the end we end up with different cultures . 
  civilisation is n't and never was about `` being nice '' . 
  civilisation is a territory where certain values , rights and rules are present in custom and/or law , at the end they shape how society function . 
  religion is n't the only factor , but one of the main factors that shapes civilisation , even in post-religious societies . 
  but yeah , an average australian is more european than average muslim bosnian . 
  it was . 
  institutional separation between monarchy and church is as old as the cahotlic church . 
  there was a step back made further when some monarchs decided to be heads of local churches , but until then these were two separate systems that often cooperated , sometimes these relations became corrupted but did n't institutionally mix in general . 
  europe was covered with two layers of ruling . 
  the monarch and the pope . 
  but i agree , after reformation the head of the state was often the head of the church as well and the institutional separation is some countries quite officialy faded then . 
  and i agree , civilisations mix a lot , for example , the catholic invention - the university in the form we know today - is today shared by other civilisations . 
  but the fact that some civilisation decided to adapt few things from a different civilisation does n't mean than they instantly are becoming members of that civilisation .
