  but now , after some efforts in education , investments ( western or chinese ) and know-how flow - situation is beginning to change . 
  there are some countries in black africa that were doing quite well lately and their number is slowly increasing . 
  most of today african wars are becouse of - how suprising !, 
  - islam spread , not becouse of post-colonial order . 
  as they 're getting better , their markets are getting more avalible for western products - and that 's what colonialism was about in the first place . 
  in this situation , literal colonialisation is economically senseless but efforts to make africa a part of west as members in some kind of western organisation should have high priority before allah akbars will be heard all over cape town . 
  gas prosperity , as every prosperity , wont last forever . 
  the more they push , the more mid-east european countries are looking for substitutes , not without progress . 
  at the end the gas is no longer so carrot-like as it seemed even 5 years ago . 
  israel is culturally european but wont be invited becouse it would involve eu in the whole middle east situation for good and eu is not ready for this . 
  maybe in couple of decades - who knows . 
  turkey is drifting from being culturally european so it probably wont join eu for a long , long time . 
  that works if u acutally got an adequate carrot . 
  vietnam war , however lost , actually stopped the spread of soviet epidemic around the world . 
  50 's and 60 's were very successful in spreading the ` revolution ' . 
  after vietnam war soviet politics were a catalog of failures . 
  long story short : do n't bark if you ca n't bite , rf politicians . 
  you do ? 
  eh ... uk was always far from eastern-like threats . 
  mongols , soviets , turkey , all of them were hold back somewhere about ... here . 
  yeah , in my opinion the pre-soviet culture of aristocracy in russia was very impressive . 
  too bad it 's all gone for almost 100 years now . 
  there were some pros for a short period from my point of view but with costs that will never compensate . 
  is n't it that corruption was always a regular part of the system in russia ? 
  i would n't search for reasons of it in post-soviet era . 
  until 1715 and after peter the great death corruption in russia was even legal becouse the central budget had n't had money to pay officials . 
  it was called `` kormlenie '' . 
  no , it was just sarcasm becouse redossum was so grave-serious , did n't know that it would make actually butthurt some french guy , sorry :-) . 
  it seems that some stereotypes are actually true . 
  nevermind . 
  i would n't want 125 000 immigrants in my country every year either . 
  if someone would call me a racist ? 
  i do n't care anymore about labels , you can name a racist everyone thsese times , especially if it 's a white male . 
  sorry , it 's becouse the racism . 
  it would change if assad would lost the war , then persian gulf countries would transit gas to europe and russia would have to adopt to this new market . 
  but there was no intervention and therefore pro-russian assad stays and therefore , no cheap gas for you and me . 
  if both unions are likely to integrate more in future such enclaves means nothing less than war in this future starting in serbia and montenegro territory . 
  not scaring , just saying - these things never end otherwise . 
  it will be pretty hot around kaliningrad as well . 
  yes you are , you just do n't know it yet ;-), 
  well i do like slovakia and czechia pretty much as well . 
  it 's about those little details , like a guy in a bowler hat ( trillby ? ), 
  on a crossing sign that makes you smile . 
  first you work hard , then you succeed , then you get lazy and then you fall . 
  according to the director , it 's in the movie . 
  only thing about the movie i know is that the director constantly repeats that he wants to make a righteous movie , showing both sides reasons but not justifying anybody . 
  polish production . 
  director known to film movies about murderers , alcoholics , corruption and all there is in the dark side of the human nature . 
  i 've found this footage from the set https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ni1kfjdi2a, 
  hussite trilogy is awful . 
  it 's the mountains . 
  you do n't even need guns to invade todays europe . 
  waving red-black flags and seeding bandera statues is not helping . 
  i would say more - it 's extremely damaging those relations . 
  most people think emotionally and the only emotion connected to the red-black flag is the upa ethnic cleansing . 
  there 's plenty of beautiful things about ukrainian culture , but it 's not really exported to us , at the same time you can see in the tv ukrainians nationalists marching from time to time . 
  i wonder how will this change after the wolyn movie . 
  well , to be fair mistaking romanians with gypsies only becouse our gypsies in large part came from romania and they call themselves roma is our fault . 
  i think it 's the only reason romania scored that low and i 'm ashamed of that ignorancy among polish ppl . 
  i like you romania , a lot  . 
  yes , it seems you 're right on that part . 
  they should make an episode with randy marsh , converted to islam , 
  shouting allah akhbar is nothing bad . 
  it really does n't matter . 
  it 's just reddit . 
  extreme right wing is in politics , they 're in most parliaments , and they 've got about 15-30 % of voters . 
  and why there would not be a conservative part of the society . 
  you have this view based on what ? 
  it depends , tadjiks , uzbeks are still quite low , despite growth , but turkeminstan is in half way of russian gdp per capita so if this trend stands it 's about 9 years . 
  yes . 
  fluffy european democracy epoque ends . 
  it 's sad , becouse something worse begins . 
  but look at the bright side . 
  is n't that hell more interesting ? 
  right wing people told everyone that this would happen :-) . 
  if nobody stops the migration madness when it 's still a small issue , then the extreme right wings will rise which is not really pleasing for the conservative part of the society . 
  those people were ignored , laughted at , ridiculed . 
  and oh , they were right . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  ` asylum seekers ' are using women and children as cover in the front line where they 're just behind . 
  if the police shows that they do n't mind gasing children , the ` asylum seekers ' will be learned that this does n't work and then they 'll stop doing that and thanks to that nothing happens to the children anymore . 
  so the increased violence in germany started even before ` asylum seekers ' started their brand new ethnic gangs what i believe will happen in some 2-4 months . 
  see , we ca n't take all those asylum seekers , becouse there wo n't be any place for western-european ones in the future , so do n't be angry about it , ok ? 
  there 's nothing bad in giving an argument for the rifght-wing people if the argument is true and nobody seems to care but them . 
  crisis is the natural state of europe . 
  belleepoques are the exceptions . 
  there are some parties that do n't fit into those two schemas . 
  one example ended with world war 2 , some of them managed to change a country into some kind od autocracy for decades . 
  but generally it 's true in most cases . 
  at that time , europe will be probably fed up with immigrants and it 's going to be much harder to get inside . 
  besides , their own economies are booming . 
  turkmenistan has over 10 % growth . 
  others are doing quite well , of that trend cointinues , migration directions are likely to reverse . 
  if the old big parties refuse to take action in issues that are bothering voters then the extreme new parties will gain vote as someone who 's willing to take that action . 
  more fun movies : - the camp : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2rma9a7cem - border clash with hungarian police : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wchmcur-qd0 - drone footage from the border : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyskozanelw, 
  i did n't say i approve that . 
  just asked a question . 
  unemployment in a welfare state is a tricky issue . 
  a number of those people would rather do n't work at all becouse they are entitled to government benefits than work in a low-skilled job or in a job with different skills which needs them to be sent on a training course . 
  most of them are n't war refugees , just immigrants that came to work after their economy collapsed during war in some parts of their country .
