  it 's still a reality in many places on earth . 
  however , if people who care today are afraid even about being labeled and name-calling , then i 'm afraid that they already lost . 
  many czechs fetishize atheism . 
  no wonder . 
  most people focus on economic reasons , but what about preserving your own culture ? 
  some people do care about the cultural landscape of their country , while an oxford study which was released couple years ago found that white british could end as a minority in britain in 2066 . 
  i do n't know if professor coleman is right , but the tabloids exploited this for a while . 
  anyway , what a round anniversary would that be in these circumstances . 
  are they `` nostalgic about communism becouse they were young then '' people or is it something common among older people ? 
  was n't migration becouse famine too ? 
  why ? 
  are you having any actual data or are you just shit-posting ? 
  islam is not only a religion but also a political ideology , this part of islam is on the same level as nazism or liberalism , not christianity or buddhism . 
  i see le pen having a chance to win if a really tragic terrorist attack happens before the second round elections . 
  this election where the popular vote was won by clinton just like the polls said ? 
  well , a flag visualised on a building is fine , but on the other hand , to me , all that scribbling with chalk on the sidewalks after every terror attack and changing your facebook profile pic to attacked country flag is completely idiotic and pathetic . 
  it does n't change or help the situation at all but every single hypocrite has to show that he `` cares '' . 
  if someone does actually care then this someone would devote himself in doing something that would have any value or provide any change . 
  changing your facebook profile pic and messing up a sidewalk at the embassy with chalk does n't . 
  now , after you shared your downvote with me , i 'm not denying that terror attacks in russia get less attention than in london . 
  i 'm sure it 's true . 
  the reason is the same why the 200k death counter after the tsunami in indonesia got less attention than 9/11 but on smaller scale . 
  people are and always will be more emotionally attached to someone they feel that they have more in common , you 're going to celebrate your brother 's birthday , but not necessarily your cousin in the third line birthday . 
  that 's how it is . 
  but also , these attacks happen more often so it stops being a schock when it 's on the news every couple weeks . 
  we got used to that . 
  idiots with chalk at the embassies got too . 
  same as city mayors ( remember london 's mayor words ? ) . 
  it 's the new normal . 
  i think he meant architectural timeline of styles . 
  modernism started after ww1 . 
  some eastern europeans might be verbally anti-jewish but it 's western europe where jews are being brutally attacked and where metal detectors are at the entrances of many synagogues . 
  and what is the right percentage and how do you know that ? 
  where did you get that knowledge from . 
  what 's the source of those 95 % ? 
  nobody calls it that way , your post has no added value . 
  those breakups would matter . 
  nope , road conditions improved under po rule , also that government built the biggest length of new roads . 
   95 % where do you know that from ? 
  i 'm not sure about the book , but it 's not the only source i can provide you with about the elbe economic dualism that emerged when trade with asia went from silk-road dominated to sea-trade dominated ( that 's when western europe became richer , earlier it was the east roman empire that was a bit richer than we ) . 
  i mean , this effect is even pointed in school on history lessons as one of the main influence that the great geographic discoveries were having on the european continent . 
  islam ( especially turkey ) conquering middle east , cutting off europeans from trading there was the direct , main reason why columbus and other 's were being sent with his mission . 
  probably the best historical data with estimated historical gdp was made by professor maddison and his projects at groningen university . 
  not true . 
  eastern germany was poorer since xvi century when the european east-west economic dualism ( sometimes called elbe economic dualism ) emerged . 
  in french geopolitics there is a trend that suggest alliance with russia against germany , so probably even today there 's a bucket of intellectuals who follow this concept . 
  and that changes what ? 
  well , if eu is there to stay and continue to integrate , then ** it 's in your national interest to divide and destroy eu ** , just like the brits had to stand against the napoleonic empire , central powers or the iii reich . 
  it 's how geopolitics work here . 
  you ca n't allow anyone to dominate the continent with you being outside of that project with no right to say anything about decisions this continental block makes . 
  there can be a united europe or a united kingdom . 
  if eu is there to stay , i 'm pretty sure that uk-eu relations are going to be on somewhere around russia-eu levels . 
  when two big powers ( and i pressume that uk will seek support in the anglosphere ) are so close to each other but with different geopolitics , their relations are never good . 
  they ca n't be . 
  i do n't think that his scenario of semi-hostility can be avoided . 
  with eu being around , brexit puts britain in the position that something between taiwan and japan would had in relation to china . 
  uk is bigger than taiwan , but closer and smaller than japan . 
  an open war can be probably avoided , but you can flush these love letters in the toilet , intolerable neighboring is what 's to come until uk or eu will fall apart and become irrelevant . 
  nice nick . 
  germany worked hard to get that reputation after ww2 . 
  anglosphere had some extra reputation they could lost after ww2 ( at least in western europe , in cee it never worked this way ) and winning cold war ... and they 've lost it . 
  empty talk . 
  show some numbers . 
  islam does that to you  sooner or later this ideology turns every place where it 's having large groups of followers into a backwarded shit-hole . 
  this kind of narrative is very popular among russians , at least those on internet . 
  these people really think that prosperity russia had in 00 's is thanks to putin and that turning themselves into a normal country would make them a `` western puppet '' like cee . 
  and it 's better to be a poor depressed fool than a western puppet of course . 
  i hear it all the time from russians . 
  okay , thanks for clearing that up . 
  juncker really thinks he 's fun with some kind of reputation of an eccentric with drinking problem ? 
  becouse he 's not . 
  he 's sad . 
  is n't texas an exception , that is , they do have a right to leave the union in legal terms ( becouse politics in another story ) ? 
  it can . 
  but we are in space , just like the whole earth is . 
  you ca n't get into a place , if you 're already there . 
  if only that rhetoric could be turned into doing things . 
  and what about commenting the issue ? 
  are they right or not ? 
  and he was trying to say to you , that your point is completely stupid . 
  how come you 're unable to understand this ? 
   african nations should unite to solve the basic problem like sufficient food and a minimal healthcare . 
  otherwise , people will simply try to immigrate to other countries and massive starvation will periodically appear . 
  yeah , and they wo n't do that and everybody knows that , that 's why it is a problem . 
  as i said before , i hope my country stays out from that eastern mess and focuses on peaceful development and integration with the west . 
  there 's nothing we can gain from a political involvement in the east . 
  our planet can handle these people , our political status quos ca n't . 
  the fall in african birth rates in counted in probably all demographic models i 've seen . 
  what about punk musicians ? 
  european culture as we know it is basically gone with those demographic trends . 
  russia and turkey are natural geopolitical competitors , however it also depends on current power balance . 
  imho , the owner has a right to choose who 's living under his roof . 
  if he decides to use collective responsibility on that matter to make quick , but sometimes wrong decisions , becouse he 's too lazy then it 's his loss as his offer automatically becomes less attractive . 
  why do you want to leave uk ? 
  economic reasons , you just want scotland to be a nation or is it something else ? 
  i 'm not taking sides here , however i always seen the sense of the uk existence not in sentimental reasons but becouse of london being a jumping deck first to colonial markets and later to eu markets . 
  without both , a lot of reasons why there is uk seem to be gone . 
  even if the second scotish referendum is lost for the independence side , i ca n't really see a way to preserve uk in current form in longterm with all your diversity and at the same time without having all those benefits coming from london . 
  as i said before , i doubt that 's only about curry . 
  this is pretty clear to me , that this is only rhetorics and the issue is larger .
