  there 's always some kind of leading ideology shaping the society and it does n't matter if this ideology is secular ( like nazism , socialism or liberalism ) or religious . 
  if the majority elects over and over governments that does n't change that , then it means they 're satisfied with this situation . 
  this is the leading ideology that this society choosed . 
  i do n't isolate religions from political ideologies becouse every religion is in part a political ideology and yet we 're funding from taxes political parties or organizations that does n't necessarily fit our taste . 
  having in mind above , i do n't see a reason why not fund from taxes religious organizations . 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  if people like it , then it 's not anybody 's business . 
  no , niezale\u017cna is much more biased than newsweek or wyborcza . 
  for example , you can find lots of articles critizing po or nowoczesna in wyborcza . 
  also , the bias in wyborcza is not so primitive as it 's in niezale\u017cna but i guess it 's just a different target . 
  so ... when 's the coronation ceremony ? 
  except it 's not happening so the rest of your post has no sense . 
  cool . 
  drinking coffee here , 
  stop it there . 
  nothing is going to change . 
  they just start the discussion every couple of months to show how catholic they are but over 80 % of the society is against abortion ban and they 'd lost a vast group of voters . 
  in my opinion , the current law is fine , i 'm generally against abortion but there are some cases when childbirth is nonsense and those 3 points from current law pretty much are those cases . 
  could anyone tell me why bosnia exists in its currrent shape ? 
  should n't those territories with serbian majority that are bordering serbia become part of serbia ? 
  the same goes with most of territories that consist croatian majority . 
  most of those territories are bordering croatia as well . 
  looking at the ethnic map of b&h , what 's left would be a small country that actually would had a 70-80 % bosniak majority with a 15-20 % serbian minority mostly in the north-west , so bosniaks would have their own country pretty much insetad of living in this ethnic mosaic and more people of croatian and serbian nationality would be living in their countries . 
  no way , i love living in my country  . 
  but i love how you ca n't believie it , so you 're trying hard to explain in to yourself by making up absurd theories . 
  it does n't tell anything about the topic nor about me , but it does tell a lot about you . 
  i agree , i hope this time they 'll make it happen . 
  i do n't know what are you talking about . 
  i decided ? 
  what is that place ? 
  saying that bible says to judge on action , not words is placing religion in politics ? 
  why ? 
  what 's so funny about that ? 
  i 'm not happy about what 's about to happen to france , even if i was egocentric , it 's also bad becouse it will worsen the situation in the whole continent . 
  i 'm just satisfied about being right . 
  it 's obvious that you notice mostly people saying shit against you . 
  people usually are more sensitive on themselves or what 's being done to them than on what they 're doing to someone else . 
  poles are a good example of that , and the french are no exception . 
  continue on your own with whatever turns you on , dear , but i do n't need to know that . 
  french potential is much bigger and socialist policy inhibited french economy in my opinion , especially in the last years and i see those laste changes in french work law as something good and a move forward . 
  and yeah , probably that 's why bible says to judge on actions , not words and there was enough time to check if a party is doing what it has promised . 
  but that does n't matter , becouse people back then would n't dare to vote to stop immigration anyway . 
  some where under the tolerantionist spell , some did n't care , and those who said it 's madness were constantly labeled or laught at . 
  no , the number is not that big , they are n't as extreme and of course , they 're not dangerous as the muslim ones . 
  but the most important thing is that catholicism is not as bad as islam is and has better values and it does n't contradict the values of an average pole so much , maybe that 's why homegrown religious wackos are a much lesser problem . 
  i 'm pretty fine with most of those people . 
  i 'm so happy that we have some catholic nutcases instead millions of muslim ones . 
  i do n't see economic choices of france in last 20 years as ` good ' , so this is n't really sound like a hard choice to me . 
  those who let in immigrants from muslim countries in those large numbers are also responsible for the economic problems of france and the french voted for them , so they asked for it . 
  i do n't think catholicism is a problem . 
  it 's a part of our identity for a 1000 years and catholics does n't blow themselves up . 
  most people are happy about cahotlicsm in our country , that 's why they are not leaving the church , usually even if they 're not religious . 
  but they know what given party proposes as it 's policy on a gven issue . 
  please read and understand at the same time . 
  i refuse to discuss on the topic of my person instead of the topic itself . 
  i find this pathetic and a proof that you do n't have any argumentation ( does n't matter if you 're supporting my views or if you 're being agaist them ) , therefore i 'm not interested . 
  i do n't care about your opinion about me , so if you have n't got anything to say on the topic , stop bothering me as i do n't see any value in further integration with your person . 
  got it ? 
  those magrebs that were let in after french-algerian war were a tiny piece of what has been let in during all those years between then and now . 
  france is a democracy , the french people had a lot of occasions during all those years to change the immigration policy but they were under the tolerantionism spell . 
  i 'm not . 
  those are just plain facts , it 's the truth people have issues with accepting so they start labeling people and focusing on the person , not on what the person said . 
  just like you 're doing right now . 
  pathetic . 
  i want you to suffer :p . 
  i do n't care , call me a racist already to get over it ( if you want to ) . 
  i 'm to lazy to search them especially for you . 
  i 'll paste it the next time i see it . 
  what 's the sense of making things that can last 30 years if people want to buy new things becouse technology just changes that fast and those new things add enough of new functionality to buy them even if the old product , you have is still in good shape . 
  when the technology is going to slow down on a given field , then longevity will have more meaning for the consument . 
  no argument , good to know i 'm still of course as always ... right , 
  no , those comments were n't just about ` making fun ' . 
  no i did n't say it 's a catastrophy , stop imputing me words that i did n't say . 
  but yes , on many spheres it is getting worse , that 's why france is running under state of emergency . 
  can you discuss without hyperbolizing discutant claims ? 
  it 's immature and unfair and i wo n't discuss with someone who 's doing that . 
  not ` here ' . 
  i 've said it clearly in the post , please read and understand at the same time . 
  i was writing about french comments under news with bad forecast for the british well being , especially after the brexit . 
  i 've very often seen a scathing but at the same time joyful french comment down there . 
  i 'm writing it here becouse posthume wrote that french people ` drown their sorrow in wine and tasty food ' and that 's pretty much bullshit . 
  exactly . 
  if something , muslim immigration made western europe progress slower as they need to waste more money on police , ` integration programs ' , states of emergency , etc. 
  we do n't have those problems , we did n't had to waste money on those things , thank god  . 
  the argument of manupatton is way off the mark , it suggest that western europe is richer becouse of mass muslim immigration , or that it 's one of the factors . 
  utter nonsense . 
  i do n't feel this way . 
  i 've got a good life and do n't intend to emigrate . 
  it 's a really nice place to live  . 
  maybe our highway network is n't completed yet , maybe we do n't change cars as often , maybe we live in commie blocks more often , but our lifestyle does n't really differ much from western europe compared to the 90 's . 
  and i do n't have to think if the next muslim terrorist attack is going to be this month . 
  i did n't know that french people are so anti-british until i joined reddit . 
  they really have a large pain in the ass about the brits , much bigger than the one poles have about russia . 
  i always thought that those resentiments ended long time ago as united germany made those countries create closer ties . 
  ** i 've seen honest joy in posts of many french redditors on this sub as reaction to news saying that britain is economically screwed ** . 
  pathetic behaviour . 
  that does n't change what i 've said . 
  games are not being made by countries , but by companies . 
  why ?
