  there 's a long road from trying to get back what has been stolen from you to intemperance . 
  i know what are you talking about , many people were angry at the church with the same reasons , with the rise of the same stereotypes . 
  however , i do n't see why it should n't be returned to them . 
  brits . 
  english . 
   it 's part of the culture of their country now . 
  yes !, 
  towards federation !, 
  what are your arguments against intermarium ? 
  do n't be naive , he 's not a leftist . 
  he wants those companies to be owned by the state , becouse he owns the state . 
  why would he want to share it with anybody ? 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't do that , dave . 
  single experience is n't statistical data . 
  my single experience is that czechs are dull , sad and depressed ( and yeah , also astrology seem to be very popular there ) while slovaks pretty happy and friendly . 
  but i 'm not extrapolating this experience as an objective fact for the majority of czechs and slovaks . 
  but is the stereotype true for the majority of the cc in czechia ? 
  rather not . 
  imho these things are more backwarded than catholic christianity . 
  yeah , i mean right before that . 
  sometimes it seems to me , like these elections made the american self-confidence broken for the first time in history . 
  it 's like a cultural change in your cultural code . 
  never before i 've heard so many ashamed americans . 
  and to be honest , i do think you 're a bit to hard on yourself . 
  i heard that finnish had really hard time with not getting extinct in xix century . 
  i do n't see why are you feeling surprised about it . 
  the mission of the church is to evangelize and you 're not a christian country . 
  these things just simply add up . 
  he 's just trolling . 
  first . 
  it 's not my definition . 
  it 's about 110 year old . 
  second . 
  no , i wrote us is controlling parts of rimmland , not all of it , so your implication is false third . 
  technology does n't change the way geopolitics work , it only changes the methods . 
  fourth . 
  yes , i do , becouse it 's pretty much happening again your last question . 
  learn , that it 's not about ideology at all . 
  politics is about business . 
  ideology is a pretext which can , but ( as history proves ) does n't have to be used . 
  i was downvoted without any serious discussion . 
  what can i doo ... oh well , i 'm going to repat myself !, 
  no , britain was n't always ( ha-ha ) hawkish with russia . 
  ** during the historic breakpoints you were allied , like in napoleonic wars , war for austrian succession , ww1 , ww2 ** . 
  you are sometimes allies , sometimes enemies , do n't idealize yourself . 
  thank you , for even moaaarr of your downvotes , angry brits :  ), 
  world is n't anglo-centred and in some european countries napoleon is seen as a positive character in history . 
  poland is an example of that , as he was kicking austrian , prussian and russian asses . 
  you seem to forgot that there are different historical perspectives , although not too surprising given some of the politics of this sub . 
  thank you for your downvotes , angry brits :  ), 
  i do understand them , people do n't like to be proven wrong . 
  and you 're right , i 'm not disagreeing how things looked like in recent years . 
  you were hostile towards russia most of the xix century . 
  you had periods of being chums when russia was communist . 
  it 's not a factor . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes some things do n't change much , 
  no , britain was n't always ( ha-ha ) hawkish with russia . 
  during the historic breakpoints you were allied , like in napoleonic wars , war for austrian succession , ww1 , ww2 . 
  you are sometimes allies , sometimes enemies , do n't idealize yourself . 
  thank you , for your downvotes , 
  in geopolitics , the rim ( so called rimmland ) means countries and territories with easy access to major sea trade routes or higly benefiting from them and i did n't argue that us is n't capable of controlling it . 
  of course it is . 
  but us are n't capable to dominate in eurasian inner land mass ( so called hearthland ) where there 's no or almost no sea trade which is cheaper and makes the rimmland so rich ( and often accessible by the dominant sea empire ) . 
  and to your question , europeans often supported despotic regimes to gain power or influence . 
  british and americans supported soviet union when they had to defeat germany , france was allied with the despotic ottoman empire and it was one of the most important alliances of that time . 
  i do n't see a reason why an alliance with todays china , which is n't as close as despotic would n't be possible in this context especially that europeans were more than likely to join new chinese geopolitical projects , like aiib ( which money funds sillk road 2.0 ) . 
  i 'm not cherry picking . 
  i mentioned it in the first post about obama . 
  putin blew it becouse he 's not satisfied with a role of a junior-partner in the new deal . 
  he thinks that russia is capable of getting more and he 's trying to prove that by showing that he 's capable of destroying your plans if he 's not invited to them . 
  however , he might loose everything becouse current russian administration is n't focused on solving internal issues . 
  this pattern happened to be right every single time when such circumstances appeared since napoleonic times , i understand why this pattern took place and i do n't see reasons why it should not happen this time if such circumstances will continue to develop again . 
  you did n't provide any argumentation , only emotional epithets without any real content . 
  and i 'm not proposing dichotomic approach . 
  these are landmarks , not strict definitions . 
  if you have nothing to say , and nothing to add to the discussion then stop shit-posting and get lost . 
  i assure you , i do realise about all mentioned ifs and i mostly agree with you . 
  yes , the later hostility makes people forgetting that us-russia tried to make a deal before trump . 
  i read the whole intelectual dispute on the topic and people critizing classical geopolitcs did n't convince me at this point . 
  you can try , but not by pasting links to sources i already now , 
  the late approach that anglosphere had to deal with eu was to keep uk inside . 
  it was making eu unsteerable , unable to develop into something more than just an economic union , unable to become an effective geopolitical force . 
  now , with uk outside , us policy has to aim at destroying eu before it will become a. . . de facto state . 
  these things are changing ways and solutions but not the general point of how geopolitics work . 
  in a way , the game can get even more insense becouse of that as the world gets smaller . 
  if you 'd have a glance at the document `` air sea battle '' ( american plan for a war with china ) you would notice , that just like britain dealing with france or germany , in many ways it 's about blocking chinese ports . 
  well , you did n't say why ca n't you help , so i ca n't answer that . 
  becuse we 're afraid of each-other and becouse in a way , geopolitics is a 0-sum game ( but in a way it is n't as well , as the sum grows ) . 
  if a part of the trade goes through asia , it wo n't go by the ship and so on , so on . 
  no , it 's not just becouse trump administration took over . 
  you forgot about obama 's `` restart '' with russia and about obama 's pivot to asia which is - of course - an anti-chinese act ? 
  obama administration wanted to make a deal with russia earlier , but putin blew it as in his mind , russia 's able to get more . 
  all the fuss between russia and us right know is about how much will russia get when it decides to ally itself with us . 
  i did , look around . 
  napoleonic europe vs anglo-russian alliance , third reich against us-uk-soviet alliance , ententa vs central powers and now it 's brexit and trump seeking a way to reach a deal with putin . 
  also look how england changed it 's attitutude when prussia became germany , when mittleuropa geopolitical projects started to gain some attention . 
  literally every single time someone gets to strong in europe , and a possibility of taking over the continent rises , the dominant sea empire ( uk/us ) allies itself with the dominant land empire ( russia/soviets ) . 
  this is n't astrology at all , this is just an understanding of geopolitics , why it has happened in history and why most likely it will happen again . 
  but if you like it , you ca n't find any argumentation , call me whatever you like , i do n't care . 
  china is becoming a hybrid empire , not a sea empire , it wo n't be ever focused compeltely on the sea .
