  i was really 14 when i knew this will happen . 
  and what about grown-ups in power in western europe . 
  what about west-european grown-ups along with their being-open-as-possible amuck , voting for their fluffy parties that kept being tolerantionist ( do not confuse with being tolerant ) and kept denying facts that were obvious for a 14 year old , parties that kept saying that 's everything is under control and it 's allright . 
  people that had any doubts were labeled racists , fearmongers . 
  i 'm not saying that cee europe is smarter . 
  we 'd probably made the same mistake as well if we 'd had our hdi level higher back then . 
  let 's name it loud and clear - the mistake was to take too much muslims inside . 
  we 'd probably make the same mistakes if you ... did n't make them first . 
  this problem is not something that just happened , western societies had it freely and voluntary imported by themselves . 
  if you ask for something really hard , you get it . 
  you got it . 
  enjoy and ... wait for the pay time , becouse i assure you , it did n't come yet . 
  fear of going to a mass event that many we redditors are expressing is in fact . . a big nothing . 
  this will change societies for many upcoming decades . 
  nothing except some countries have experience in dealing with terrorism and others do n't . 
  besides , it 's the first time when we is dealing with terrorism voluntary and freely by importing something that could be easly avoided just by not ignoring the problem when it was still small . 
  and that 's what tolerantionists say today as well :-) ) ), 
  almost all of the bloody ones took place in uk and spain . 
  us is taking 80 000 refugees each year . 
  europe gets the economic immigrants and terrorists , 
  you wo n't tell him anything and we both know that . 
  and this way it 's better for you . 
  pretty place for hiking . 
  china will never be a sea dominating world power becouse of geography . 
  every geopolitical expert knows that . 
  china is ` hidden ' behind two island chains http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/china/images/island-chains-image1.gif from which it 's easy to control china ambitions by just having japan and korea as allies . 
  it 's similiar to the reasons why germany could never overcome great britain in becoming a sea dominating power . 
  their sea access was just too closed . 
  it will always be very hard for china to have an unlimited possibilties on the sea like uk or us have . 
  that does n't change the fact that they want to control a bigger part of their surrounding waters by building islands on south china sea and i believe - by trying to gain control over taiwan and then ryukyu islands in near future . 
  i do n't believe anything more is possible for them , geography makes to easy to strangle down further ambitions . 
  those standards are getting lower and lower with every year and this trend of rising brutality will continue as long as u.s. will continue to lost their role of world policeman . 
  in multipolar world that 's ahead of us , a total war is a question of ( bad ) timing while shifting powers . 
  no it 's you who ca n't understand that those are tiny issues that tell you how big is your cage , where your whole mindset is set on the base of coexistence with the culture you 're living in , not to mention other factors . 
  do n't make me laugh so hard . 
  what individuality ? 
  how does it occur in your case ? 
  you 're a product of the culture that you 're born in . 
  always and everywhere . 
  you learn how to think from other people and it completely does n't matter if they stand with a ruler in their hands by your desk or they 're just talking with a soft voice . 
  you 're not detached from your environment . 
  do you realise that even a food bacteria can have a huge impact on your daily decisions ? 
  you do n't even imagine how naive you are . 
  they do n't . 
  god that 's described in quran is someone completely different than god as described in the new testament . 
  therefore , they worship different gods . 
  if they 'd worship the same god , then muslims would have to recognize new testament as truth and part of their tradition and christians would have to recognize quran as truth and as part of their . 
  wishful thinking as you present here is not being realistic . 
  that 's true , but that 's not the case . 
  one irrational belief is being replaced by other and society as a whole does n't become more rational when it becames more secularised . 
  see enemies of reason by dawkins , it 's not only about things like homeopathy . 
  nope , it 's not just arabic for god . 
  there are lots of gods in culture , from the old guy with a beard to the pantheistic god . 
  by asking about allah he meant the god that 's imagined in quran . 
  this naive guy thinks that society that 's less religious is more rational . 
  but dawkins shown it 's not true . 
  i 'm not justifying hatred towards russian so stop imputing words that have n't been said . 
  i just understand where does it come from and why it wo n't end soon even if pro-western media bias would be prohibited ( again ) and that 's what i 'm trying to say here . 
  pro-western bias is often mentioned on russian reddit as the cause of this situation and i know this is completely and utterly not true and the reasons are elsewhere . 
  only time can heal this , with a condition however that nobody 's gon na try and write more dark pages in the history . 
  so stick your ad personam arguments you know where anf focus on the facts . 
  no and i 've proven why this is false . 
  hatred towards russian was as well present today and when our media were n't allowed to have a pro-western bias becouse of censorship . 
  you have no respect for the facts . 
  your ancestors earned that for you , have some respect for them !, 
  i did n't mention last 300 years to hide earlier faults made by polish-lithuanian state . 
  it could be 200 or 100 . 
  the thing is , it 's the latest history , that 's usually learned in most detailed level . 
  the closer it was , the bigger impact it has on peoples minds . 
  for example , sweden pretty much destroyed the commonwealth during the deluge . 
  it was a disaster , a ww2 of the xvii century for the commonwealth when it comes to after-effects . 
  but for the last 200 years we were cool and nobody has swedo-phobia around here . 
  there 's no explanation for this guy , but russians should know that russo-phobia in the cee does n't get from pro-western media bias of the last 25 years , and the proof for that is that this attitude towards russians was present today as well as in communist times when any anti-soviet rhetoric was censored in the media , as well as pretty much always in the last 300 years . 
  it gets from actions made by the russian state in the past . 
  most of those countries share a history with russia , that 's mostly a story about having our states enslaved or under unceasing threat from the east . 
  it amuses me , that russians are so often shocked that people in cee countries look at ww2 liberation not as a liberation de facto , but like a regime change or let say ... lesser evil at that time . 
  it amuses me that russians believe in that ` russian occupant ' propaganda video that 's actually full of lies and you need to do a lot of effort to find a person around here that would be grateful for those brought upon achievments of russian civilisation . 
  those good sides of being occupied by russians are pretty much seen as something not worth even 1/10 of being occupied in general . 
  and when russia is actively playing with their armed forces in ukraine , over baltic sea , etc , those history lessons are back with you . 
  if you still believe that hatred towards russians is becouse cee countries have their media biased , then you 're completely and utterly naive . 
  you 're right about egypt in the long run , in some years ahead . 
  if you 'd took off the oil from the calculations then it could be even considered today . 
  however you ca n't really predict oil prosperity which is the biggest advantage of the saudis today . 
  anyway , egypt of today has to many internal issues wainting to be solved and despite its potential he has to wait for his turn . 
  besides , strong egypt could affect one of the side-goals of the new policy , that is protecting israel . 
  also , distance between egypt and turkey is n't really that big and safe becouse they share a border ... with the same sea and it 's not in the interest of anyone to let this rivalry spill on the mediterranean sea . 
  it could destabilize eu more . 
  i 've partly answered in my previous post . 
  currently players are seeking for the steady point . 
  it 's a point that all main players recognize as something that sasisfies their interests which are argued and ` justified ' with their potentials . 
  having this point achieved , war is unprofitable . 
  that how it works everywhere . 
  wars happen when a change causes interference in the old status quo or even ruins it . 
  in the middle east this change was firstly - decreasing importance of post-soviet russia in me which made many post-nasseric and not only those regimes more vulnerable , second - destroying iraq as a power , and last - withdrawing us forces . 
  the new steady point , that will be based on the balance between those 3 roughly similiar in their potential powers is not there yet and the logical consequence is war becouse there are no handbrakes to prevent it in this period , like for example european union ( to some level ) is . 
  if you ask me , i think a plan minimum for iran is to have some kind of influence or control over shia territories in iraq . 
  and why us is leaving me ? 
  no , not becouse it 's christmas for us-haters wordwide :-) ) . 
  it 's becouse us have many times bigger challenges to confront on western pacific waters and surroundings . 
  and those european belle epoques are exceptions as well .
