  maybe you should stop writing bullshit instead . 
  this is true and this is the logical consequence in the quote : `` if britain has to choose between europe and the open sea , she must choose the open sea . '', 
  becouse as the open sea meant the empire and colonies , there 's no choice anymore . 
  that means churchill did n't really changed his mind . 
  the open sea option has been just set off . 
  who cares about statistics when you have daily mail . 
  that 's why you 're going to have a second vote somewhere in the middle . 
  it 's not going to be forced on you . 
  when they 'll show you the costs of doing this and prospects for future , you 're going to beg for one . 
  i 'm talking about murders rate in your country . 
  it 's lower than it was in the 00 's and much lower than it was in the 90 's . 
  do n't let your country been taken away . 
  it 's better than it was in the 80 's , 90 's and 00 's . 
  still bad , however . 
  unfortunatelly poles are in a pis amuck right now and it will take some time before someone in power figures that out . 
  i do n't see anything wrong in his interviews , in my opinion you 're thin-skinned . 
  and who 's ` people on internet ' ? 
  you mean some spasmatic youtube commentators or other right wing closed communities ? 
  such award does n't say anything about kra\u015bko , but it does say a lot about those people . 
  yes , you are wrong . 
  your post lacks any argumentation . 
  yes !, 
  first the civil war caused a drop in gdp in the late 30 's . 
  it was kinda stuck in the 40 's and slowly recovering in the 50 's . 
  but after that the franco regime was really making the right decisions in it 's last 20 years !, 
  it was that time , when the spain economy boosted and joined the first world economies . 
  nobody wants to get the hot potato . 
  why ? 
  what 's happening on the other side of the world ? 
  you can try showing how costly it could become while negotitations are going to be made and the mob is going to beg for another ref . 
  you 're wrong , kra\u015bko was a decent journalist . 
  his war coverages were great !, 
   i hope he 'll return to public tv soon . 
  it 's not the same , becouse this time it was done on a much larger scale . 
  they fired not only those who came to work in the previous 8 years but also people working in public television from the early 90 's like kra\u015bko and others . 
  yeah , for example , before and soon after the war , spain was poorer than poland , even despite the war . 
  the difference that communism made after that is easly seen between those two countries . 
  not only germany : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan#expenditures, 
  becouse it was under an ineffective form of governance for decades + second world war was much harder in the east + it was lower even before the war . 
  it was cool that despite the fact they knew they 're going to loose , they kept on fighting . 
  i remember the polish team from the 00 's , after a big lost in the first half they usually were like ` please leave us alone ' in the second . 
  this map shows only that eastern europe was starting from a really low point in the 90 's . 
  he was trolling . 
  capitalism is rare in africa : http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking, 
  churchill changed his mind later . 
  clone him , clone him now . 
  and this time the nazi wins :(, 
  well , i have this impression that nobody 's really laughing at him , but at brits who believed his words  . 
  that was not a love song . 
  i think that separatism in scotland is only going to grow no matter what will happen in the next few years . 
  they will at least want to make uk a federation . 
  you did n't manage to turn them english and without that you have to ask yourself what 's the point of uk anyway ? 
  in the good ole days being part of the uk brought hundreds of capabilities , prospects and chances around the globe and prosperity inside , it would be stupid to separate . 
  after the empire collapsed , it was still good to be a part of the uk , becouse uk was the access route to the eu . 
  but what offer does the uk have for scotland after uk leaves eu ? 
  not if there 's nobody better around . 
  but why the surveys are n't supporting your claims ? 
  well , i do n't think anybody 's thinking about rebuilding an empire , nowadys it would be like a tail wagging a dog . 
  not gon na happen . 
  but a decent trade deal with countries that share some connection ( like english language or precedence law ) are made on calculations , not emotions . 
  this geography would look a lot different and actually work in favor of the balts if belarus was pro-western . 
  but yeah , in current situation , baltics would have been eaten by russia in a 60h war and any serious nato forces would n't even reach the place . 
  it 's completely not natural that belarus is in eastern sphere and baltics are in western ( or vice versa ) and this situation is possible only becouse of u.s. being around . 
  maybe they 'll be fine after the eldorado on rebuilding the commonwealth and they wo n't want to get back !, 
  yep http://www.germanysun.com/index.php/sid/244773315, 
  everybody knows it 's the only way , scotland would have to be independent and meet eu requirements . 
  this meeting is n't to search for new solutions but to put pressure on london gov. 
  anyway , i see the same pettiness in french people around here when it comes to independent scotland as i see among many poles when it comes to `` chinese colonising russian far-east '' or among russians when there 's news aobut diffrences among nato members . 
  french electorate is even less committed to the eu so i do n't fully understand this alleged british exceptionalism , nobody 's on an island when it comes to finances , maybe except north korea . 
  i 've got the impression that the eu is more eager to get rid of them than the brits themselves want to go . 
  maybe it is no. 1 issue only for people who spend too much time browsing right-wing internet but it 's no. 2 - no. 4 issue for a lot of petople despite which internet pages they 're browsing . 
  british tabloits were writing about ceeruopean crime in the isles all the time . 
  and they want to feel secured from crime , which they connect to migrants . 
  when you get all those problems together you 'll get : they do n't feel secured , economically and socially , and they - not without a reason - connect immigrants with crime and ethnic tensions . 
  the mainstream parties failed to pick those issues and fix them , so an alternative shows up saying it has solutions that works and they believe them . 
  if the liberal elite does n't want to loose its influence , it should stop being surprised all the time and stop attakig nationalists becouse they just are and find a solution to peoples concers that would actually work . 
  if this is the mentality eu elites believe in , we 're going to have more exits . 
  if they want to fight right wing nationalism they should ask themselves , what do people seek in them . 
  do n't forget the british ` global ambitions '  ), 
  there 's no party like in the eu : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbbynqzgj8o, 
  i agree . 
  and it does n't matter if those things are mostly bad or good , what does matter is that the way they were pushing it caused lack of trust in eu institutions . 
  most people do n't even know what each european council or parliament does . 
  what ethnic troubles ( bigger than spain has ) poland has ? 
  actually it did . 
  eastern part was occupied by ussr showing where the geopolitical forces meet when gone loose . 
  the thing is , you need to make the people like the general idea , no matter if you want them vote for it or not . 
  without that it will fall apart . 
  i 'm sure nobody in europe really wants to be left alone and deal it 's problems without a touch with something bigger and stable . 
  the pro-eu voices in uk really emerged after the voting in the uk when the perspective of loosing all those eu accomplishments is much closer . 
  if eu falls apart , people will pretty fast want to build a new one . 
  we do n't have to pass that , but we ca n't build an ef without the support of its citiziens and this decision made today would not be an act of bravery but an act of stupidity . 
  what do they care anymore ? 
  geopolitically western and eastern austria are pretty much completety different things . 
  well romania with it 's ` maybe we will , maybe we wo n't take moldova ' attitude is also into security becouse of russia . 
  i do n't think it 's a pleasent view from a german perspective to border russia either . 
  it never really worked out before . 
  i think poles can afford to like homosex much more if there 's an european army ready to defend all european borders . 
  i think he would take those refugees if poles were n't so shit-scared of them causing support loss . 
  i doubt it too .
