  do n't worry , some important imam will intervene when things will go to far and stop this . 
  just like in iran . 
  besides , women in these clothes are still muslim  . 
  we did n't stop though . 
  still europe is far more contributing than most of the world and - of course - than the muslim word . 
  this is n't contradicting what i 've said . 
  now it 's western europe 's time for being eaten by islam , just like it once happened to eastern roman empire and all the middle east . 
  wait in line , america . 
  this new western society evolved from the old one which only supports my point , that sooner or later , the whole world will be muslim . 
  no other ideology is constantly as strong as islam is . 
  i still do n't see pakistan being westernized . 
  also , arab `` enlightment '' is a completely exaggerated statement . 
  also , i said islam is a step back for civilised men , arabs with their nomadic religions before islam were n't civilised . 
  for tribal cultures it 's a step forward . 
  read more carefuly . 
  how come ? 
  islam is the fastest growing religion on earth . 
  not quite . 
  as hitler was right about what islam does to society , i do n't know if germans should convert to islam or not . 
  i do n't care . 
  i just think it will happen to all societies sooner or later becouse islam is so great at expanding . 
  it does n't matter that life under islam sucks . 
  you 're suggesting that 's why germany allows to give away it 's culture to islam ? 
  islam did n't suck at science as long as some muslims could be inspired by the intelectual work of civilisations that they conquered . 
  as time passes , and there 's less left of them , the muslim contribution to science ( compared with others ) fades . 
  i do n't see pakistan westernized . 
  islam expansion is older that western imperialism . 
  yeah , that 's what they usually more or less say  . 
  how come ? 
  what is contradictory in my post to the history of christianity ? 
  no need , it 's a good summary of the situation . 
  imho australia had a much more independent foreign policy , at least in the last two years , when you were n't as anti-chinese as you 've been told to be . 
  french seem to be smarter than that . 
  we 'll see in 2041 with a new threaty . 
  probably all those potential owners of this land will seek support in these powers and all these powers will expect payment in return . 
  this is how this bargain will look like . 
  on an economic level it 's not that important ( however this might change becouse in 2010 oil has been found ) . 
  it has military importance though . 
  also , there are ` falklandian ' parts of antarctica . 
  according to the antarctic treaty , all territorial disputes over antarctica are frozen to 2041 , but it 's not that far away today and kicking the british out from falklands , south georgia and south sandwich makes argentinian claims over these parts of antarctica much more ` legitimized ' over the british claims . 
  everyone seems to miss this part , while it 's a quite big part of that cake . 
  how come ? 
  this is very true . 
  if the argentianian ruling class really wants the falklands , their approach would be completely different . 
  what they 're doing is just a rant . 
  if they really want to get the falklands they should become more open to business from falklands , open to people and goods movement , where falklanders would n't have to have their passport stamped each time . 
  falklanders and argentinians would get to know each other more often too . 
  after all , argentina is much , much closer than london and it would make their lifes a lot easier if they could do their business in argentina , not on the other hemisphere . 
  few decades of this and they 'd vote to join . 
  but to do it , argentina would have to get their shit together in the first place , to be an attractive ( compared to ukish ) economy . 
  i do n't believe patriotic reasons would last long among falklanders if they could have a much better life thanks to integration with argentina which is n't the case today ... thanks to argentinian government . 
  so all that argentina has to do is not being a shitty state and economy ( becouse it 's a great country ! ), 
  and free people and goods movement as much as they can with the falklands . 
   how sure of themselves they still were i assure you , they still are . 
  the ` architectural community ' is one of the reasons i changed my faculty  . 
  most ( and there 's plenty of exceptions ) of the trend-setters forgot that they 're not designing for other architects but for people in general . 
  however , ayn rand is rather an intellectual popular among niches . 
   form-follows-function form follow function is n't even that bad if it 's not the only rule architect follows . 
  sometimes it 's just a bad form . 
  eveyrone who studied architecture knows that classic architecture had it 's own language . 
  every bit of it 's form meant something . 
  form that modern architecture often has , often does n't mean anything , it speaks jabber . 
  sometimes it just wants to shock you . 
  sometimes people change too . 
  there are cities that survived their own death understood not only as buildings that are gone , but even whole ethnic groups and social connections . 
  i wish detail and ornament were in vogue again . 
  not only the form is important . 
  and the territorial waters can sing ? 
  this is strawmanish . 
  antisemitism existed before , nobody puts that into doubt , it was even much older than christianity , but holocaust itself was motivated by the nazi ideology . 
  i 'm not going to argue about inquisition , but holocaust was n't motivated by christian ideology , but by nazi ideology . 
  it 's not fair to blame christianity for it , if it was driven by a competing ideology which persecuted or tried to control churches when it got into power . 
  you 're right about the fact that every ideology , secular or religious is producing extremists , but you 're wrong if you 're suggesting that all these ideologies are producing these extremists at the same rate . 
  it 's not down on my list . 
  this organization alienates people from friends and family so people end up knowing only other jehovah people . 
  at least around here . 
  and when someone leaves their orgnization , they completely cut off themselves from this person . 
  well , you could say - at least it 's not death - like in some of the more over-the-edge muslim doctrines . 
  lines going through those empty spaces are n't going to be high speed (  250km/h ) . 
  i personally do n't believe in those 2-day trains . 
  but i also do n't believe they 'd have go that fast to take something from the cake . 
  if it 's going to be a week , it would be a game changer and this is achievable without high speed rail . 
  i 'm not sure if you know that goods from china are already transported to europe by train using trans-siberian railway for example ( but not only ) and that there 's plenty railways that go trough ` nothing ' . 
  http://www.mappery.com/maps/world-railways-map.png you do n't have to build these things from scratch . 
  sometimes you have to build a new line , sometimes you need to modernize the old one . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/21/business/global/hauling-new-treasure-along-the-silk-road.html?pagewanted=1&amp;_r=0 `` shipment from a factory in a city in central or western china such as chongqing or chengdu to distribution centers in europe takes about 3 weeks ; less than the 5 weeks taken by ship transport but 25 % more expensive . 
  air freight , including processing , takes about a week , but costs 7 times as much as rail and adds 30 times more carbon to the atmosphere . '', 
  i 'm not sure if you realise that connecting china with europe by rail is n't a new idea , it was just named ` one road , one belt ' lately to promote it , but these railways trough asia are being built since 50 's . 
  since 2008 trains are transporting goods to europe from china , since 2011 it 's being done on regular basis . 
  and yeah , you 're right , only about 1 % of goods is being transported by land from china . 
  that 's before the investments which were called one belt were being done . 
  is it planning to spend 100bln $ on this that much ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  it 's going to be a gradual process , making the transport faster and cheaper as time passes . 
  not something that will maybe start in 30 years after spending a lot of money . 
  in the shadow of ww2 there has been another silent war in the geopolitical sense that took place , rivalry between us and uk over being the dominant sea empire . 
  however , there would n't be ww2 without the communist revolution in russia , a big chunk of reasons it started was becouse ussr was planning a large scale invasion of europe . 
  in an open war scenario , ** baltics are indefensible ** without belarus on nato side . 
  without that , russia blocks the suwalki gap in few hours and all possible land support to baltics is cut off . 
  after that a russian blitzkrieg blocks all baltic 's baltic ports in 2-3 days becouse ... who 's going to stop them and sea support ( which should came after 4 another days ) is cut off as well .
