  that 's not your 13 million in 10 year perspective which i was referring to . 
  also , you 're missing that most of these ukranians are n't permanent residents . 
  no , i feel like a someone talking to a 5-year old . 
  it ca n't happen , becouse your retarted calculations led you to retarted conclusions and british have been experiencing peaking polish and other eastern-european immigration in 2004-2007 after eu expansion and they were n't rioting . 
  if those british back then were as retarted as you are ( report me ! ), 
  then they also would extrapolate those average values on years ahead of them just to point out something pointless as well . 
  that 's a butthurt about you being an ignorant fuck , your `` please imagine '' is having no added value becouse it 's based on retarted calculations , you started namecalling yourself in the first place , so report yourself in the first place , then me . 
  you are a retard , you ca n't even do simple statistics right but you 're trying to make a stupid worthless point . 
  report me . 
  maybe not `` ever had '' , but yeah , it 's the brightest figure in last 25 years . 
  becouse you do n't understand statistics . 
  polish immigration to uk was also much higher in the first 3 years , then it stabilised . 
  not only that . 
  it 's also about values , each religion or ethic system provides to people . 
  christians value work much more than muslims do . 
  what ? 
  this is hysteria . 
  china ca n't take over the world becouse of their geographic limitations and trust me - they know it . 
  china is too surrounded to achieve us levels of global dominance and at the same time it 's to big to be constantly dominated by anyone else . 
  it 's just going to be a major global power among others . 
  but it would also make us less powerful . 
  china is a natural ally of united europe , these two empires would have no geopolitical issues between them . 
  it depends on the power balance between players . 
  history has proven , than when a possibility of united europe ( hybrid empire ) of some kind was rising , then the dominant land empire ( russia , ussr ) allies itself with the dominant sea empire ( us/uk ) . 
  what a load of emotional garbage . 
  i know this narrative , a lot of russians think this way on the internet , and all those russians have similiar amount of based in facts arguments to support these claims - nothing that is . 
  russians like you always vomit on others with this narrative , but you never provide any numbers , figures that would prove it . 
  you 've wasted your time already , do n't waste mine . 
  i travelled to russia and what i 've seen is pretty much compatible with the statistics provided by all kinds of institutions . 
  you 're believing your media which says that your gdp growth is putin 's work , while it 's mostly just prosperity on oil and gas markets that happen to take place when putin was in office . 
  proof ? 
  just look at the gdp trend after the oil/gas prices fall . 
  putin found himself in 90 's economy again , just with higher reserves that russia has after the period of prosperity on oil/gas markets . 
  if this wo n't open your eyes , then nothing will . 
  your real economy is in deep shit and needs reforms before buyers wo n't need your gas and oil anymore . 
  it 's 2017 , and you export mostly raw materials , just like in 18th century . 
  nobody wants to buy your processed products if those are n't guns . 
  no , you 're not a third world country , but you can do a lot better . 
  your low expectations on corruption , providing security , developing your economy only proves that after dacades of ussr you 're a society of perfect slaves . 
  yes , you heard right , if you 're happy about what russia offers to you today , after almost 2 decades of putin on the top , then you 're ignorant , or you 're a perfect slave , who 's happy despite getting leftovers from master 's table while the 1 % has 75 % of russian wealth becouse `` strong mother russia something something not american puppet something something '' . 
  who the fuck cares , have you , a russian from those 90 % ever seen a penny coming from that `` imperial '' policy ? 
  try to think about what 's good to you as a person , that 's what counts the most , it 's your fucking life . 
  you should aspire to reach european levels of hdi , while what you 're presenting is being happy that 's not as bad as in india anymore . 
  people like you and a lot of russians are like you makes me think that russian society is a like a beaten wife who 's totally happy that her husband 's is n't beating her on sundays anymore . 
  this is a disgusting relation . 
  2019 , so he would have to be around in late 2018 at least . 
  it depends . 
  in poland he 's the only person that could bring most of the opposition under one roof before next elections . 
  the eu could get along without him without loosing much . 
  russians who are defending their status quo backed by putin are crazy . 
  yeah , this is n't really the issue , it 's not only about not liking a quick-chat , i do n't value it either . 
  you 're talking about normal situations , i 'm talking about extremes that happen often happen in sweden , that is loneliness and alienation , it 's even a named ideology : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statist_individualism more information about the film : https://www.theguardian.com/film/2016/jun/23/swedish-theory-love-documentary-film-review-independence-self-sufficiency movie provides some statistics , and if you ask me , when 1 in 4 swedes dies alone , it 's not a normal situation . 
  you could write all that about yourself as well after your first comment . 
  this is utter nonsense , you 're telling fuck off to a person that did n't start any discussion with you . 
  you fuck off , i was n't talking to you and i have no intention of doing that becouse i do n't respect you after you showed your ugly , aggressive attitude . 
  if you 're unable to have a normal discussion without insulting others then do n't waste my time . 
  that 's theory , which partly is true , but i do n't see that increasing the demand for democratization happening , the world is slowly becoming more authoritarian . 
  the fact that i see a large part of your human to human relations as fucked up does n't implicate that i care if you do something about it or not . 
  maybe i want you to be the way you are , with your bad sides ? 
  it 's your businnes , not mine how your society works , it 's interesting to me only as a scientific curiosity , i do n't plan to live in sweden so i have no reason to say what sweden needs . 
  no matter , if you want to alienate everybody from everyone or if you want to change sweden into some middle-eastern mess or if you want to take a reasonable approach on any direction your country takes , it 's all fine with me . 
  understood ? 
  why is it intended to lie so far away from shores of countries that are interested ? 
  it 's basically , on the centre of the sea . 
  the wind conditions are so much better that it 's rational to pay those energey transport costs or is it something else ? 
  i agree , however it should be noticed that this has a wide sperctrum as well and it does n't change the fact that i see this part of the mentality that many nordics share as a defect . 
  also , it seems that in sweden ( maybe ex aequo with iceland but never been there ) this problem is biggest . 
  i see it in poland too ( on much , much lesser scale however ) and i do n't like it . 
  it depends on the field . 
  on the economic or safety field sweden is fine , however from my point of view , sweden is fucked up when it comes to human to human relations , it seems to be a country full of lonely people , to me this is very important . 
  poles just like eu despite some things that eu 's doing . 
  this is n't split personality , it 's just calculation . 
  besides , the fact that someone sees that an ideology that he does n't like is dominating eu structures does n't have to implicate that he should be against eu . 
  i 'm not against the existence of poland becouse of pis is currently dominating in politics . 
  the structure itself is more important . 
  i 'm trying to say that undemocratic societies will become much more powerful compared to ` old democracies ' becouse of the demographic trend . 
  for example , in the 1910 's europe 's population was about 25 % of the worlds ' population . 
  now it 's about 11 % and it 's predicted to fall to 6 % . 
  this will influence the power that europe , as a representant of the democratic world has , negatively . 
  in europe , only belarusians are . 
  it does n't always have to work this way , for example : north korea . 
  what ? 
  your post is chaotic , i ca n't really see your point . 
  maybe it seems , but it 's not really . 
  that 's over-interpretating what i 've said , which is a simple fact , that undemocratic societies are having higher population growths . 
  the so called liberal democracy is really a very fresh concept in practise . 
  in 1914 most of the world was still under their `` ancien r\u00e9gimes '' . 
  i wonder how much life does it have ahead . 
  i 'm not here to critisize , but it seems to me , that liberal democracy status quo has already peaked and now it 's just going to slowly fade . 
  liberal societies are dying out , conservative societies are growing - and not following the democratic ideology . 
  when i was there it seemed to me , that there are just no locals anymore . 
  just tourists and services . 
  it makes it worthly visiting , but only for the architecture . 
  there 's no romanticism anymore in venice . 
  it 's good to notice that caritas ( which is huge ) is n't the one spreading these theories , they 're just doing their job . 
  it 's rather the people who are craeting these divisions . 
  no , it 's not  . 
  i woudl n't want poland to geopolitically control ukraine . 
  i do n't want my country to get involved in that mess . 
  i want a peaceful development in connection with the west .
