  china is constantly building it 's new navy and gradually expanding on the nearby seas : http://www.news.com.au/world/asia/former-adf-head-says-chinas-military-rise-in-south-china-sea-is-almost-complete/news-story/59d13eeb7339b9b3988b9f33f210135d right now , china navy is the third navy in the world . 
  i did n't say eu will be torn apart for sure , there are ways to avoid it , i agreed that some people are tyring and that an attempt to torn it apart is taking place right now , so you 're accusations that i 'm in some crystal chamber are false . 
  and about putin 's `` helping '' , then yeah in a way `` what does n't kill you , makes you stronger '' . 
  aim the king ? 
  kill the king . 
  yeah , and the landish silk-road 2.0 , which could take away a chunk of trade from the sea trade routes . 
  no , u.s. has no land dominance in eurasia . 
  it controls parts of the european rim , which sea empires do , but in the heartland it has almost nothing and it 's dependent on the will of allied states . 
  you 're right but at the same time that period was when world geopolitics started to have fast implications on local political events . 
  in short - when world geopolitics started to be a thing . 
   it would strike me as hilarious if the eu joined china because trump 's mean ole ' border wall hurt our feelings . 
  i know right ? 
  yet , some people think this way , that this would be a major root issue between eu and us . 
  it could become an excuse , at best . 
  spanish could n't make it anyway . 
  spain is n't near the demographic , economic , political centre of europe . 
  not , it 's not correct . 
  eu is n't fully naval , china is n't fully landish . 
  nope , france tried to build a hybrid sea-land empire in europe but has been stopped . 
  all attempts to build it in europe failed becouse every time someone tries , he 's not strong enough for the land-sea alliance that fastly emerges after first successes . 
  so as france , uk had different view od politics with ottomans , us has different view with saudi arabia and so on , so on , so on . 
  us and uk differed very from the soviet union and so what . 
  these things does n't matter when the real game starts and you 're having a knife at your neck . 
  also , you 're being very trustful towards politicians and their morals . 
  i ca n't imagine why , really . 
  somehow , almost the whole world joined and is joining chinese geopolitical projects , like aiib and nobody cares about human rights in china . 
  western politicans stopped talking about china breaking human rights a decade ago . 
  why ? 
  becoue it does n't fucking matter when there 's money to make . 
  of course , it still controls most of heartland . 
  and being in the weakest point since 1917 civil war is even making the probability of sea-land alliance even bigger . 
  if the land empire is too strong ( like in soviets times ) , it means that it starts controlling parts of the rim which makes it 's more hybrid . 
  yeah , it seems as culture is n't even near being the main factor of shaping geopolitics . 
  did culture stop us being allied with japan or saudi arabia ? 
  did culture stopped france or uk allying thelselves with ottomans ? 
  eu as a geopolitical player has no conflicted interests with china . 
  yes , i agree . 
  and both trump and putin are hostile towards eu which is n't helping . 
  which part do you not understand ? 
  while all you 've got is shallow criticism without any argumentation , history of last few centuries proves my ( not really mine ) point . 
  it happened every time these circumstances happened since napoleonic times and to be honest , the mechanism behind it is clear for someone who knows anything about geopolitics . 
  it 's clear for everyone who knows empires are n't just stains on the map . 
  even now putin and trump are both against eu , just when we started talking about eu army , just when the main brakes-man is leaving the ship . 
  so , yeah , why not , it 's rational to say this is how things will work under some condistions . 
  and you 're right , they are n't . 
  uk , then us/anglosphere is the dominant sea empire . 
  europe , china are hybrid empires , their geographic position allows them to control some euro-asiatic trade land routes as well as some sea routes . 
  however , europe never manage to build a stable empire . 
  nor under french or german leadership . 
  but these things are n't constant . 
  the post-ww2 soviet union becamed more hybrid when they managed to control half of europe , becoming an enemy of the dominant sea empire . 
  it does n't . 
  however this is how things work since at least napoleonic times . 
  even earlier . 
  when hybrid empires are rising , the dominant sea empire is becoming allied with the dominant land empire . 
  if eu continues to integrate and china continues to rise , then us naturally has to become allied with russia and china will become a natural ally of eu . 
  there 's no reason to be concerned as much as you are . 
  it 's far away from any constitutional changes ending with such transformation and even far from changes that would lead to such scenario . 
  you said absolutely nothing beside primitive ad hominem insults . 
  you still ca n't prove your point with any rational argumentation , the only thing you 're doing is throwing meat around to someone who 's having a different opinion , and the only thing you 're able to add to this `` discussion '' are your primitive insults . 
  i do n't know why i 'm still interacting with your sad , desperate , deceitful attempts in trying to defend your crippled world-view . 
  in the whole discussion you were n't able to find rational arguments supporting your claims . 
  all you 're able to do is insults , insults , offending and another insults . 
  i gain absolutely nothing from this , so this is a good bye . 
  who said i 'm a coward and that i would n't want to help you ? 
  you have big problems with understanding written text . 
  try to read more books to develop bigger brains , please !, 
  the only thing i said is that i would n't expect the baltics to be invited into eu nato . 
  for poland it would be best if you would be invited . 
  we 're the biggest country for which it 's a crucial interest that the baltics stay independent where they are . 
  and it worked . 
  are there more of your kind here ? 
  that 's clear demagogy . 
  you 're not saying anything about trump but a lot about yourself . 
  what about this one ? 
  some things from that period are still in sweden , and some of them in the swedish army museum . 
  i hate pork meat ... 
  i do n't blame them . 
  life is too absorbing to analyze everything . 
  people are forced to treat most things intuitively and this method is defective . 
  even with this defect , democracy historically was usually more stable than most monarchies with conflicts , conspiracies or wars after each kings death . 
   hy in the fucking hell ` the wise ones ' are not using populist rhetoric instead of boring facts and good guy smart ass appearance ? 
  power of bullshitting and promising unicorns and fairies , acting like a baboon king to the masses of people is undisputed to reach wanted achievements . 
  that tells us a lot about todays democracies . 
  i see some similarities to what happened here . 
  same here . 
  why did people vote for them if the previous government was doing so well with corruption and economy ? 
  which is natural becouse usually when you 're large , the need to find new markets is smaller . 
  on the other hand , germany , for example is exporting almost half of it 's gdp , this economy is dependent on finding markets that could buy stuff . 
  however , it 's true , it 's usually the smaller economies , who naturally , have to seek for other markets to sell . 
  rather , a rule of mob , which has little do to with truth . 
  camps . 
  camps all over europe . 
  not in scale of their economy , which we 're discussing . 
  they do n't have to `` dream '' about far-away markets , their economy is n't and never was dependent on exports . 
  america is and pretty much always was a lousy exporter . 
  their economy does n't rely on exports much , it 's only 12,6 % of their gdp and large part of it goes to americas anyway . 
  that 's why they can afford isolationism from time to time . 
  america seeking for markets it can drain is a myth , which you seem to believe . 
  they do n't need them much .
