  those are the right reasons . 
  it 's expected from you , to suffer , so people in eu wo n't want their countries to exit . 
  or maybe people does n't like you . 
  it would work this way in the uk , outside of the eu , but not inside . 
  there are interests of the market . 
  the market does n't want to change anything . 
  there 's also interests of the political organization , which eu is , and which wants to made an example of britain . 
  the solution will be probably somwhere in the middle . 
  those are not the reasons . 
  the reason is that eu must show that leaving eu is a bad idea so no one will follow , that is why you must suffer and i do understand their reasons . 
  i also want you to suffer and pay if it 's needed for eu to stay . 
  lol . 
  you 've lost the discussion , accept it , change your views to the proven ones and stop making an idiot of yourself in front of everyone . 
  well . 
  the article is written in english , so they have a right to assume that the reader speaks english already ... 
  and who are you again ? 
  so islam lies on the same shelf as nazism ? 
  not that i disagree , i 'm just surprised that someone on / r/europe is so open about it . 
  ... and ? 
  this is picking a fight ? 
  it reminds me peter the great , who wanted to make russians more eruopean by forcing them by law to cut their beards and change their clothes . 
  it did n't really change much under the skin . 
  it is attractive , of course not as much as the anglosphere , but it would be untrue to say it 's not . 
  but the people france voluntarily imported want to get as much as possible and give as little as possible . 
  and they do n't want to give up their customs and with this decision france admitted that all this western tolerance is just empty words . 
  this is the way they are , people . 
  if you do n't tolerate them , admit it and do n't let them in instead of proposing all these odd solutions that makes you look facist and unable to handle things . 
  and what does the article say ? 
  germany considers . 
  you do n't have the access to any information german goverment has but you managed to call them facists multiple times becouse they consider conscription . 
  if you do n't see how funny you look , then let 's just stop here . 
  have a nice day . 
  it would be a long discussion and i do n't have the time for that , but to shorten this as possible : it 's easy to say those naive fluffy things , when you 're living in a country where absolutely nothing can happen and the existence of the army itself may even seem useless , having no experience of living in a place , where the geopolitical pressure is there , all the time . 
  you do n't realise the fact , that your freedoms are given to you , freedom is not something you 're born with , and it 's not something that you deserve becouse you 're human . 
  it 's given to you , becouse you 're happy enough to be living where you 're living . 
  and that 's why you have obligations to the state which in times of need may even ask for your blood , so the pretty state that gives all that to you wo n't end up as a typical state on this planet , that usually ca n't offer that much . 
  that 's why i see you as someone immature , you 're taking your life standard and given freedoms for granted becouse you just got so much used to them , you do n't realise , that most of the world , foes n't have 70 % of that and that 's why you do n't feel gratitude to the people and the political structure that has been so nice to you . 
  allright , i see your point now . 
  why ? 
  they do n't care what they should according to some `` fieldmarshalsaltykov '' . 
  let 's invite millions of people from a completely different and full of violence culture . 
  we 're european and french , so they should integrate themselves and there wo n't be any problems !, 
  maybe you 're right , i can imagine , french elites thought this way  ) . 
  haha . 
  the geopolitial factor is off . 
  that 's why it always happens in australia or usa where these things does n't matter or does n't matter that much as they 're far away , and your life is n't really there . 
  for me it looks like `` we ca n't integrate them so we 'll hide them so we can pretend that we did integrate them '' . 
  bravo , france , this will surely solve your muslim problems . 
  lol . 
  are you 15 or what ? 
  you mean all those doctors and engineers from mena ? 
  intelligent people warned them despite being labeled racists or bigots . 
  but the french refused to listen . 
  they asked for it . 
  why should we care now ? 
  that 's not what cpt sweden would do . 
  you 're a poorly made swede . 
  why / s ? 
  everything you said in this statement is true . 
  soros is a jew . 
  soros is into multiculturalism . 
  those are the reasons he 's being constantly brought up by those poor people . 
  you 're saying this like you 're feeling wanted . 
  there are historical sources ( jan dlugosz and kadlubek ) that boleslaw ii was at least bisexual . 
  i 've never even heard about the german version of mieszko 's ancestry . 
  there is a theory that he was of norman descent , but it 's very poorly documented, 
  told you ... , 
  in my opinion the ` shock ' is n't that important . 
  what is important is the negative legal consequences that will occur after brexit will happen in 2019 . 
  right now your business knows that for the next 2-3 years it 's business as usual . 
  becouse it 's true , brexit did n't happened yet , your government set the exit date on 2019 and that 's when the legal consequences will hit you . 
  it 's a simple fact . 
  brexit did n't happened yet . 
  it will happen in 2019 . 
  edit : oh , predictions ... , 
  for me it 's sweeping the problem under the carpet . 
  france wants to pretend that the number of unintegrated muslims is n't that big to keep the mob calm . 
  a tail ca n't wag the dog and this is how this attempt would look like today with a leading role of britain . 
  what about engineers and doctors from syria contributing ? 
  would n't it change the statistics ? 
  the idea is stupid and irrationally hyperbolic . 
  in fact , the taxes people pay today are higher than during most of the time , feudalism was around . 
  eastern europe was much more multicultural than western europe before ww2 despite being poorer . 
  it 's in large part about which policy the state chooses . 
  thank you . 
  after tons of shitposts , finally someone who actually can read and answer a question !, 
  no , why ? 
  i do n't care if it 's okay to have a sex slave or not according to one sick man or another . 
  i 'm asking is there a legal basis for deportation . 
  i 'm not , i just know that this is n't enough for the court to deport someone , especially that he is a citizien . 
  i 'm right . 
  the one adwarakanath was talking about . 
  i 'm asking all the time what 's the legal basis for his proposal . 
  come on , can you even keep up with the discussion ? 
  now you 've made me sad , what happened to this sub :(, 
  it does n't matter at all . 
  it 's not specific enough for any court . 
  stop trolling , please , i 'm really curious . 
  not for my . 
  it would n't do in the court .
