  that 's not going to happen . 
  that 's the exact symptoms of over-regulated economy with too many working rights . 
  people are not motivated to move on when something ends becouse they still get money and sometimes they ca n't move on becouse the overregulated market is n't flexible enough so trying new things costs to much time and effort . 
  oversized state , too many regulations , lack of flexibility and to many working rights and social benefits is imho the reason of french economic problems and yet french seem to love these solutions which will only make the situation worse . 
  too bad it wo n't learn ot it 's own mistakes . 
  not my style , however much better than most of buildings that are built nowdays . 
  lichen is n't the prettiest one out there , but it does n't deserve the hate it gets . 
  there are two post ww2 buildings in poland that will probably still stand after 1000 years . 
  lichen and palace of culture and science . 
  that 's becouse classical architecture is meant to be this way , it has a certain order of what comes when . 
  you 're wrong , they were being asked . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-polish_military_alliance but i agree , it was our government being stupid to accept london 's guarantees and put trust in them , i do n't blame the british here becouse i accept that politicians are by definition cynical . 
   polish historian pawe\u0142 wieczorkiewicz wrote : `` polish leaders were not aware of the fact that england and france were not ready for war . 
  they needed time to catch up with the third reich , and were determined to gain the time at any price '' . 
  publicist stanis\u0142aw mackiewicz stated in the late 1940s : `` to accept london 's guarantees was one of the most tragic dates in the history of poland . 
  it was a mental aberration and madness '' . 
  on the same day when britain pledged her support of poland , lord halifax stated : `` we do not think this guarantee will be binding '' . 
  other british diplomat , alexander cadogan wrote in his diary : `` naturally , our guarantee does not give any help to poland . 
  it can be said that it was cruel to poland , even cynical '' . 
  what i 'm advocating here for is only to stop the ` uk stood against hitler from the first days of war ' narrative , becouse having all those facts in mind , it 's a silly and false thing to say . 
  uk did n't do nothing . 
  it just did very , very little . 
  did you read it ? 
   with the outbreak of war , the british and french immediately began a blockade of germany , although this had little immediate effect on german industry . 
  also , the open sea hunting campaign was a disaster during the phoney war . 
  i 'm not insisting that britain and france should charge foolhardedly against the worlds strongest military might , even despite they signed treaties . 
  paper is only paper and everyone ( well , at least now ) knows that the creditibility of such bills is low . 
  i never wrote what they should do when the war started . 
  i understood their reasons . 
  i 'm just insisting on stopping the `` uk stood against hitler from the first days of war '' bullshit becouse it just sounds arrogant , ignorant and silly . 
  if a brit said that in a polish pub in cracow i would n't be surprised if he ends with his face smashed . 
  yes , but with cities full of brown people instead of yellow . 
  why not . 
  i 'd assume that they will try to emigrate before trying to die from starvation ? 
  imo europe wo n't be able to stop this immigration flow . 
  but what it can do is to pick the smarter ones . 
  i 'm not arguing with that , it 's pretty much my point here , however , saying uk did nothing ( in the phoney war time period ) is a little ( really little ) bit to far . 
  actually , i like the dome . 
  it 's the rest of the brutalist-like form , that reminds more some huge communist buildings than a church and this will get worse after it gets dirty as time flows . 
  as i said before , english belief about uk standing against hitler from the first days of the war is comparable to russian belief that ussr was just liberating cee , so i 'm not sure who are you trying to troll here . 
  agree , that 's why i did n't say both positions that uk and ussr took are comparable , but both of these beliefs on each own history . 
  ... so bloody hell , the socialists are saved . 
  ussr had plans to invade europe following spreading communism even before hitler got into power . 
  the fear of that was one of the core reasons why nazi propaganda in germany won . 
  if ussr was n't attacked , it would attack and uk joined the war in a serious way when it was fitting as well . 
  uk declared war pretty fast , but did n't do much until chamberlain resigned in may 1940 . 
   britain fought for poland that 's why we were n't even invited for the victiorious march in london . 
  you should know that after the phoney war and yalta/potsdam talks results something like that in polish ears sounds just silly . 
  however , i 'm rather pro-british on this . 
  i realise that british could n't do much more . 
  churchill even tried to push that landing in normandy would took place in the balkans , so more of eastern europe could be saved from falling under ussr . 
  but if judged by the results , they 're quite ... poor . 
  but i 'm not blaming here . 
  we all often forget that in the shadow of the war with germany , there were various smaller , silent wars , like us-uk one over who 's the sea dominating power . 
  roosevelt cut churchill 's wings few times and was even accused by historians of hating the british empire . 
  it 's for the better and worse . 
  reformation , napoleon , iii reich , eu and few smaller ideas that never grew stronger . 
  the geopolitical factor is imho the core factor , not `` doing good for someone '' . 
  english army is n't some kind of salvation army and i 'd assume that the english went crazy if they 'd start saving countries without their interest in this . 
   at the start of the war  stood up https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war, 
  english belief about uk standing against hitler from the first days of the war is comparable to russian belief that ussr was just liberating cee . 
  it 's not conspirational . 
  even the official historiography openly says that western allies actions against germany in the first 9 months of war deserverve to be called a phoney war . 
  your idiotic theory has been already proven wrong , so please , if you 're not having anything essential to add to the discussion , then do n't waste my time . 
  oh , the phoney war . 
  yeah , uk has a really bad press here since then , when it comes to ww2 context . 
  the phoney war is practically always being brought up in nato discussions in this way : `` if shit hits the fan , nato 's going to help us just like our allies helped us in ' 39 '' , which means ... thanks for nothing , we do n't expect anything . 
  it 's not my opinion however , so do n't kill the messenger , there 's just not so much trust in such alliances today . 
  hard to say what the majority thought back then though after france and uk declared war on germany , i 'd probably bet that these would be a kind of `` maybe they 'll help , maybe not '' emotions with a large minority that had extremly high expectations . 
  if you 're not having anything essential to add to the discussion , then do n't waste my time . 
  alright ? 
  if you 're reffering to my comments , it 's not hate , it 's just looking at the history not by spitting lofty bullshit about glorious uk saving europe from nazism but with real political interest each sides had . 
  uk could n't allow nazi germany to win , but also - it could n't allow ussr to win it all , the role uk had was to make germany and russia spill more blood between them so the post-war europe is n't dominated by anyone so they joined the war when it was fitting , not when hitler was stoppable . 
  churchill was far from being an angel , he was truly motivated by uk 's interest and nobody 's blaming him for that , just do n't expect others to implicitly praise him . 
  we all know it 's not about facism but about anyone controlling most of the european potential without uk being invited . 
  the eternal goal of english foreign policy is to prevent a german-french union ( but without uk ) from happening . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad that uk participated in defeating nazi germany , i just do n't believe it was motivated by ` stopping facism ' but rather ` stopping that geopolitical elephant controlling french , german and benelux 's resources from happening at our doorstep ' . 
  imho stalin and ussr did more . 
  western allies fought with russian blood as much as possible . 
  not blaming here , it was rational , but do n't take credit for that , becouse it 's the eastern front that was decisive . 
  this could have been stopped earlier . 
  there were n't further plans to divide poland back then . 
  as a matter of fact , the first partition was to prevent any further and find a new balance between powers after few wars , like the russian-turkish war and growing prussia , which changed the balance of power on the continent . 
  partitions of plc were against russian interest as russia was already able to gain more and more control over the whole plc without sharing and nothing seemed to change that dynamic . 
  plc became a russian satelite state , but - still a state . 
  prussia however could n't allow that to happen and felt threatened by russia controling territories lying so much in the west . 
  that 's why it 's prussia that pushed towards partitions to make as much plc land and potential out of russian controlas possible in the future . 
  after 3rd may constitution , which made russia possibly loose control over plc , russia had to change it 's ways to save it 's influence on as much plc territory as possible and that meant end of the polish state . 
  you need to know when you need to stop fighting becouse it wo n't bring anything good . 
  the dynamic that caused the fall of plc started even before plc was created to be honest . 
  the last chance to change that dynamic was 1612 but we blew it . 
  still , being a vasal state that 's still on the map and which would be the most probable outcome if 3may constitution was n't passed is a far better situation than having the territory divided between different states and having state institutions removed or replaced by instututions brought by second states , not to mention the expulsion of educated parts of society every few decades . 
  when poland was back on maps they had to build the new state from scratch and face numerous issues caused by differences that arose in each partition . 
  the plc system did n't have a constant shape . 
  it has been changing as the time passed . 
  the 1780 's were something different than 1580 's . 
  few families grown big while a growing chunk of nobles had to even face povierty . 
  lets not pretend that peasantry were n't too stupid to participate in the political life . 
  10 % of the society able to participate was quite a big chunk back then . 
  the church was right back then .
