  the do n't need to start a costly war ( and i 'm not talking about the money ) , they just need a stick ( pushing pressure on taiwan with their navy and missles aimed at taiwan ) and a carrot ( economic proposal ) . 
  it is and it 's nothing to laugh about . 
  the fact that it 's relatively young does n't change that it focuses and shapes the way of thinking of a large group of people . 
  like newspapers or tv . 
  free speech can only work temporarly to be honest and free speech was never a european value in practise , it started to be this way pretty much after ww2 and it 's going away . 
  in the long run , the current dominating ideology has to defend itself from the competing political and ideological movements and censorship is one of the tools with which it can do this . 
  we 're even observing this now with more and more web sites being blocked becouse of extreme content ( not to mention traditional media ) . 
  this process will of course and naturally continue and spread , the level of extremism tolerated in present status quo will get lower and lower as the status quo will be more and more often questioned . 
  it has to be this way , it 's nature . 
  we 're also importing people , just not from countries that have completely different culture becouse this factor in large numbers has to cause ethnic tensions . 
  it 's shocking to me , that swedes are n't doing anything about this , just politely waiting as their world fades . 
  it 's not worth loosing stable relations with us . 
  chinese growth today depends on this trade . 
  but pushing us from south and east china seas is in progress . 
  i do n't believe this will be solved with force , china will make taiwan an offer they can not refuse . 
  your post is inconsistent . 
  you do care what is their religion , culture and language becouse you 've noticed that becuse it 's different than yours , you do n't feel like you 're home anymore . 
  i 'm sure they 'll listen . 
  problem solved . 
  not whole europe . 
  germany , france , sweden are the biggest importers of this conflict . 
  central-eastern europe has the proper approach on this matter . 
  no , usa rather wo n't be willing to die for taiwan which is extremely hard to protect right now . 
  chinese ca n't do much harm to pax americana , but taking taiwan is easy . 
  probably it 's a matter of time . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  it 's cheaper to pay the kleptocratic government the share than keeping all that administration and armed forces on the ground like european colonizers did . 
  or just like iberian countries 40 years ago as well . 
  but yeah , in 40 + years from now the situation of muslim countries unable to develop different forms of governing will be the same . 
  i can bet on that . 
  muslim countries can be islamic theocracies or military dictatorships . 
  choose one . 
  every utter moron in convinced that the majority are utter morons , but of course he 's not in that part . 
  probably not that much . 
  a 40-50 wagon train will never be as cost efficient as 10000-20000 teu ship . 
  but there are some products that need to go faster , like food . 
  just wait for your elections next year , 
  i did n't get the joke either . 
  it seems we have that with czechs . 
  when you 're rich since you were born , other things matter . 
  like reputation . 
  and his reputation is gone . 
  it 's not that easy as you 'd like to think . 
  first of all , i do n't think that russian growth could have been stopped at all , you could only make it slower . 
  it 's geography and russia is open to vast territories in the east , with rich resources and nobody ( after mongols left ) significant to battle with over those resources . 
  it 's just geography , you ca n't win with that . 
  anyone who controls those vast volga plains and therefore trade in that region can easly grow and conquer the empty eastern lands and after that - grow even bigger and start being a threat to previously stronger western nations . 
  the second thing is that the main reason lithuania managed to grow into a local empire was the fact , that russia was divided and conquered by the mongols . 
  a geopolitical vacuum was created and you took advante on the remaining , weakened russian or kievian duchies . 
  but when mongols started to loose their power and moscow started to recover and started uniting ruthenian ( rus ) lands , you did n't stop anything . 
  the point is , that it was the mongols that kept russia under the shoe , not you . 
  when they left , all that you could do in longterm is seek for help in poland . 
  however , you ca n't blame on us , that we were n't interested enough when the process started . 
  we were n't even a single state and polish duchies were n't controlling eastern territories that would make us geopolitically interested in moscow getting recovered . 
  all that changed during casimir the great that firstly , united most of the historical polish lands and conquered some extra in the east . 
  that changed polish geopolitics but at the same time we started fighting each other over todays western ukraine . 
  however during that time , you still ca n't blame us that we have n't done anything about moscow . 
  first of all , we were still pretty weak , second we were enemies becouse lithuania has seen a threat in poland back then , this was reasonable as we conquered some of your land , third even lithuania did n't care about moscow much during that period , becouse the teutonic order , tatars aaaand ... us were a much bigger threat . 
  moscow started to be a constant , major threat later , after teutonic order was defeated . 
  we were in the union already and we did do something about moscow , we even did end up in the city and certainly were interested in the east . 
  and yeah , i admit that we blew it then , but it does n't change the fact with which i 've started . 
  that is , russian growth could not have been stopped bacouse of geography . 
  from all the potential powers that could dominate cee plains , moscow had the best possibilites of growing their potential elsewhere . 
  yeah , but nations without natural borders are constantly creating buffer zones of others , while countries with natural borders do n't have to . 
  every system gets corrupted when time passes . 
  the commonwealth fell under pressure of it 's neighbours , but none of those neighbours ( seen as political systems ) were even around 128 years later . 
  it was just them peaking when we were dipping . 
  no status quo is eternal , and the commonwealth had it 's 5 minutes but nothing could save commonwelath after russia has grown into an empire with unlimited resources in the east . 
  it was n't ` poles ' just our swedish king who ruined relations between religions . 
  the local nobility in the east was n't polonized by force , they choosed to be polonized , there 's a lot of books on this topic . 
  i 'm not talking about xx age , when polish culture was n't as attractive to them anymore , and iirp had different methods , but picking up poland as a contradiction to lithuania on this matter in commonwealth or pol-lit personal union times is utterly retarted . 
  what about that king 's nazi brother ? 
  it 's nothing new . 
  nazi admirers happens to be everywhere , they 're small , but loud , the bad thing is that they 're growing across the continent . 
  the point is , those victims are n't any less important and you both seem to forget about them . 
  the goal was to exterminate all slavs , just in the meantime they wanted to make use of some of them , that are fit to work . 
  it 's a modest example giving a fact , that it was ( not agreeing with soviets ) russians who suffered the most when it comes to numbers , during soviet rule . 
  this would cause a geopolitical conflict between poland and germany ( the baltic bridge vs the eastern prussia bridge ) , you do n't want that . 
  when i talked with ukrainians about the topic , that praising bandera will eventually build distance in relations between poland and ukaine and that they can lost western support by doing this , they respond to buzz off becouse it 's their hero who has ` nothing ' to do with us and nobody 's going to choose their heroes but them and btw , they do n't need our help in the first place . 
  so when it happens , nooow they 're surprised ? 
  you 'd waste them on nothing anyways . 
  playing long story games after you 're 16 is a waste of time , always . 
  nobody normal considers that . 
  yes , weaker nations are searching for legitimacy for their political movement or for their state , usually in history , while strong nations do n't have to bother as they 're politically recognized by everyone . 
  they are n't rare , they just are n't that famous . 
  besides , there 's a big wide spectrum of bad things , these heores done and differ from each other on the scale of their badness . 
  i 'm so glad that this deal was signed despite bigoted fearmongering . 
  these protesting people are completely brainwashed . 
  there 's fear of the turk on one side and a need for a trojan horse in europe on the other, 
  too bad the list is so small !, 
  yeah , i find it hard to believe that it 's so little . 
  if so , american cities are n't that bad after all . 
  just countries with interest in higher spending or no buffer zones . 
  this is n't surprising at all . 
  fascism is generally left in many cases , but who said anything about fascism in the first place ? 
  trump is n't a fascist , lol . 
  i can relate to yours in the same way after brexit as well . 
  it 's going to be after the war then . 
  i was schocked when hollande won . 
  it seemed that french were so sick of sarkozy that they were in some kind of crazy amuck .
