  besides , is there even deportation for hate speech if you 're a citizien ? 
  i think you need a specific target ( a person or group of people ) of a hate speech to accuse someone of hate speech . 
  this does n't target anyone specific . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  still waiting for legal basis . 
  but talking about having slaves is n't . 
  still waiting for legal basis . 
  it 's not from the medieval times , but anyway - is it forbidden ? 
  i 'm asking about the legal basis of such possible decision . 
  nope , he 's just right about you . 
  we know that , trying . 
  what for ? 
  to be predicted by every thinking person long before the attacks . 
  all popes understood christianity and catholicism is not ` jesusism ' . 
  french criticizing how others are governed . 
  that 's rich . 
  i really was n't suggesting what you 're accusing me . 
  the thing is that we can hear about a terrorist attack few minutes after , where as in the 70 's this would be during afternoon tv news or while reading morning newspaper . 
  fear is spreading faster , the change in how people are thinking is more rapid . 
  the overwhelming majority of attacks in we back then were about northen ireland or basque country separatisms . 
  ** terrorism is not about killing people ** . 
  terrorism is about spreading fear and changing the way the masses think , vote and support . 
  those dead bodies are nothing more than a tool to reach the real target of terrorism - those who are alive . 
  the actual number of deaths does n't matter that much , that 's why this kind of statistics does n't give the real image of how terrorism is changing life . 
  those attacks in france and germany have bigger meaning and are creating a bigger shift in thinking and in politics than those in the 70 's becouse the shock is bigger as people are n't used to terror , like they were in the 60 's , 70 's in uk . 
  numbers are n't that important becouse it 's not the dead one who are targets or goals of terrorism . 
  the goal is political and terrorism has been already succesfull pushing to a political shift in europe . 
  these fewer numbers od bodies are making a bigger change becouse the different cultural background of the terrorists and becouse how modern media works ( much quicker ) . 
  no , no , dear , it 's not here yet  ), 
  the percentage of muslims in france must have been reaching 10 % . 
  according to dr peter hammond 's slavery , terrorism and islam that 's the point when the fun starts . 
  their wannabe fans may feel different about this compared to those in syria . 
  that 's not true . 
  emigration peaked in 2007 , after that it was stable . 
  end up with religious war on your territory which you loose as you do n't have any will to fight . 
  the united kingdom of half of great britain and northen ireland, 
  i would n't consider mid-america 's views to be mid-america 's only in the first place . 
  besides , america is still to young to say if this is the final more-or-less shape . 
  the economic success of california , making the west coast more and more economically and demographically important with every year + the ethnic change can result in secession in 50-100 years . 
  the north-east is strong enough to control the west coast today , but nobody said this will last forever . 
  and this is actually george friedman 's opinion . 
  it really is n't in anyone power nor it is n't ayone 's fault to succesfully allow one member to dominate or not . 
  it 's just nature . 
  every geopolitical organism needs a strong economic core . 
  china has north china plains , us has their north-east , europe has germany . 
  the tragedy of europe is that geography is n't making germany strong enough to become an actual leader that could n't be resisted by others and all attempts of making germany stronger than geography actually allows ended up as unstable projects that have to fall . 
  and this will probably never change . 
  that 's why eu was build upon a ( false ) assumption that germany and france are equal and so the eu core would be this strong enough duo . 
  but that 's only naive theory of how eu works for children . 
  in practice there 's always someone who dominates and leads in a complicated political structure . 
  germany or in times when france was n't such a mess - the german-french duet are ( is ) that leading geopolitical centre of eu , but it 's not strong enough to be effective , nor it ever be . 
  adding turkey can make those things only more complicated , as turkey is to large to be dominated and geography sets this state to be the leader of their own region . 
  they do . 
  eu is their game . 
  thank you . 
  what else , shocking news that vegetarians are in no position to be allowed to eat meat ? 
  turkey should n't ever really join eu if eu is to become a state . 
  it has to much importance becouse of it 's location and size to be a part of something else . 
  there 's a geopolitical reason the roman empire divided . 
  it 's important enough to play their own game . 
  why ? 
  they catched him . 
  you 're a disgrace for human kind . 
  do you really are so naive to think that such accusations or namecallings impress me in any way ? 
  maybe call me a racist already , you 're going to feel better with your zero arguments which is pushing you to ad personam insults . 
  i do n't care , call me whatever you like , i just feel sad that you did n't tell me that instead of discussion you prefer a childplay . 
  it seems you ca n't intelectually afford to discuss on the basis of arguments as well as it shows that you ca n't manage your emotions . 
  these facts that you shown about your person tells me not to waste any time with you . 
  such a sad person you must be . 
  western europe is importing a religious war on their land , on their own wish . 
  also , i do n't get why are you asking me about millions of polish people moving to western europe . 
  first : i 'm not against any immigration , i 'm against immigration of those groups that cause trouble which i consider to be the muslim population . 
  second : i did n't say i approve millions of polish people migrating to western europe and i 'm not migrating to western europe ( i think i feel a lot safer here ) , so you 're completely aiming at the fence . 
  third : i do n't care what are you considering as bullshit having in mind the errorous , emotional way your opinions are being created in the first place . 
  * definitely not the best advertising for the future you 'd like to see . 
  * i did n't say future is going to be shiny and happy . 
  i said it 's going to be more religious , or to be more strict - it will be more christian and muslim ( it 's estimated that for example number of buddhists and non-believers as percentage of the whole number is going to fall ) and that religions are n't all the same . 
  and no , i 'm not talking only about criminals but about polls made by pew research ( but not only , there are also other research centers telling similiar things ) that clearly shows that the percentage of conservative muslims is n't lower than in mena countries . 
  as a matter of fact it 's often even bigger . 
  the terrorists are just on the top of this reality that religion , in this case islam - is n't going anywhere . 
  no countable data says anything about religion going down worldwide anytime soon . 
  * no , it does n't work like that , do you seriously think that the kids and grand-kids of today refugees will believe in a sect that kills everyone and forced their elders to run away of their country ? 
  or will they need decent jobs , fun cars , and a peacefull life ? 
  * the way how the second and third generation of muslim immigrants behave compared to their parent is a clear proof that you are wrong . 
  somehow they choose to believe in this ` sect ' as you called their religion . 
  this does n't really tell anything about those religions , but by calling them a sect you 're telling a lot about yourself . 
  your second paragrapgh already proves my point so i do n't have to comment it  . 
  secularism is going to die , just like any other status quo . 
  and all hard figures clearly shows that the next dominating ideology will be a religious one , it does n't matter how emotional you 'll get , how many times you 'll call someones beliefs as shit . 
  only thing that matters is that you are wrong that religion is dying out and that religions are all the same . 
   nope . 
  yep , you are very wrong about this . 
  simply becouse europe is an exception and the number of christians and muslims globally is growing and those are the people who have more children and migrate where non-believers has fewer . 
  secularism is the one who has no future , these countries have low fertility rate , low gdp growth , aging population and so on . 
  and those religions are very different . 
  you 're very , very wrong suggesting that they 're all the same . 
  nope , they 're not . 
  frankism died , meanwhile it killed the spain as it was before frankism . 
  * religions are all the same * i told you already . 
  this is where you 're wrong .
