  christians are n't resposnsible that christianity is being used to kill people by people that does n't understand it . 
  in a matter of fact , according to christianity evil actually ... does n't exist . 
  evil is not some kind of anti-good . 
  evil is the lack of good/god , just like darkness is not some kind of anti-light . 
  there are no particles responsible for carrying darkness , we 've got only photons which carry something we interpret as light . 
  you have a very protestant , strict understanding of the bible . 
  it does n't matter at all if it historically happened or not , it 's not what the bible is about nor any true believing christian focuses on . 
  are you throwing away what you 've learned from lotr just becouse it 's a fantasy ? 
  what if i tell you , that lotr is not fantasy , but a story about good and evil , which is true , which repeats itself in our daily life again and again but it 's just shaped as a fantasy story to be adressed to a certain group of people or becouse it 's attractive for the author or his readers ? 
  the bible is the same case . 
  it does n't matter if jesus walked on water . 
  this book was adressed to ancient societies which understood world with symbols and you should n't asked if jesus really walked on water . 
  it 's pure nonsense and stupidity to focus on if it happened or not . 
  you should ask what does it mean as a symbol or metaphor for the reader . 
  today , we 're reading the world differently , even poetry is dying out , that 's why modern teology is needed and sola scriptura is wrong . 
  1 ) the optimal form of government is not constant in time . 
  2 ) political systems as everything else , from a car or house to a human or tree are more and more corrupted or broken when time passes and after some time they need to be replaced becouse you ca n't fix them ad infinitum . 
  3 ) yep , there will be a time , when even the u.s. democracy will die out in it 's current form . 
  lord of the rings is christianity , just written with different words . 
  yeah , there 's probably more people likely to vote for hillary just to stop trump from winning than the opposite and that 's why she 'll probably win . 
  `` two speed europe '' is n't a solution right now becouse this phrase could mean anything right now and everybody understands it differently . 
  there would have to be a proposition on a far more detailed level to talk on . 
  belgium is n't a failed state , but this campaign wo n't be enough to fix their image becouse there will be further muslim terrorist attacks in the future . 
  world youth day 2016, 
  and yet you 're convulsively hyperbolizing about the whole case in other comments while knowing nothing about him . 
  he was n't arrested for expressing his opinions . 
  every reasonable person knows that at least attempts for another muslim terrorist attack will be made this summer in france . 
  unfortunatelly , this year it could also happen in poland . 
  those who i value are very often right in terms of economy . 
  i ca n't comment on a poor joke ? 
  your logic is absurd . 
  i could as well say that you 're having a butt hurt about me not laughing on that joke . 
  it has been predicted by experts . 
  brexit would probably led to a two-speed eu with a ` carolingian empire ' core , the integration of the core would probably go faster as the main obstructionist is off . 
  it 's possible that the outer-eu would just fall apart as something unimportant . 
  i would only like to add this is n't anything unusual . 
  empires have various war plans kept for different occasions and the reason if those plans are pulled out or not is based on running events . 
  u.s had even plans to go to war with uk in the 30 's when there was n't any hostility between those states , today u.s has plans to go to war with china ( it was called airsea battle , now joint concept for access and maneuver in the global commons ) . 
  hostility between ussr and iv reich existed most of the pre-war time , so it would be a surprise if those plans did n't exist . 
  cheap products from abroad would n't be possible if you would n't swim around the globe with guns . 
  in the general sense , soviet offensive plans existed the whole time . 
  it 's in the core of the communist ideology , to spread communism worldwide . 
  they were massively modernising the army during the 30 's . 
  more : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stalin%27s_missed_chance  as meltyukhov asserts with his study , the general staff of the red army had already begun developing a plan for an assault on germany in october 1939 . 
  this process intensified in march 1940 , and at least four different versions of the plan were developed throughout 1940 and 1941 . 
  the concentration of troops was disguised as maneuvers ; in may/june 1941 the preparation for a soviet invasion of germany reached the final stage , as the full-scale concentration of troops began . 
  [ 8 ]  it is worth mentioning that the draft plan from march 11 , 1941 demanded to `` start the offensive [ on ] 12.6 . 
  '' , which in meltyukhov 's opinion should refute gorodetsky 's [ 9 ] affirmation that the draft assumed defensive strategy . 
  [ 10 ] as it is known , the precise date of the outbreak of war is determined by the side which plans to strike first . 
  thus , the author thinks that the idea that the red army must strike first ( clearly formulated in zhukov 's plan from may 15 , 1941 ) was in a concealed form already present in all the previous drafts . 
  enough of money ? 
  i 'd argue that not . 
  that 's why it wo n't happen ... easly . 
  they 'll show you war pictures from a closer to yours culture and you 'll be surprised how fast you 've landed with a gun , far away from u.s. 
  how old are you , 5 ? 
  becouse i did not say such thing as you 're trying to impute me . 
  the reaction will have the same direction , not the same scale and that 's what i 'm trying to tell you if you just would n't be such an ass when suggesting that i 've said something that i actually did n't . 
  and people in poland will change in reaction to the government some of them voted for . 
  i did n't say we have franco in general , but that we 've got a romance between the cc and the ruling party , like in franco times . 
  when people will start having enough of pis , more people are going to have an anticlerical mindset , becouse the cc is viewed more and more often as pis ally . 
  but were spaniards like that in franco times ? 
  i think they even were much more polarized than we are now . 
  never . 
  so stop wondering , you 're wasting your time . 
  when pis will loose and this love affair between pis and the catholic church ends we 're going to have second spain around here . 
  nope . 
  but he can cause it if he wins . 
  a world without the leading role of us will be searching for a new power balance . 
  germany had no choice with the ussr . 
  it was a preventive war, 
  also with the help of communist forces in the later soviet-satelite states . 
  i know that . 
  i 'm just wondering why are n't you stuck with a norwegian ` greece ' variation like most of us . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think that someone told me , this is due to one of your language reforms in xx century . 
  how come you 're naming greece in the proper way ? 
  a proposition of a sex manual for immigrants is a rotfl content even despite such details . 
  too bad john cleese and his buddies are n't working together anymore . 
  canada is making it 's gdp in couple of densely populated spots in the south , where it 's warm and it has far much better access to warm sea ports . 
  besides , canada does n't need to protect it 's vast land borders so it 's not needed by them to waste so many resources on this . 
  why do you think putin runs russia but obama does n't run us ? 
  his dad was n't a billionaire . 
  trump is obama 's friend ? 
  things will always be hard in russia . 
  it 's geography . 
  he 's got his money from somewhere , is he ? 
  i wonder what really happened to her . 
  maybe she 's just too long been the chancellor and lost her touch with reality . 
  the bad press she has all over europe is probably even less about her decisions and more about how she 's having them done . 
  another thing is that after eu extension the geopolitical centre of eu was shifted eastward , from france-germany to just germany so the way germany was seen also changed and this has little to do with her . 
  in my opinion germany nor the eu was n't ready for that . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  over 80 % is against complete abortion ban and this wo n't help them . 
  the biggest group wants just to keep things as they are now with abortion allowed in 3 cases . 
  we have a relatively sctrict abortion law and despite that , usually lower fertility rate , than even the european average . 
  well , good luck with your muslims too , netherlands . 
  it 's obvious . 
  the french are just used to a law that does n't fit reality anymore . 
  somebody wants to take that from them so they 're angry . 
  however if france wants to keep up with the first world , it has to be done . 
  in my opinion basic income is something temporary for the society in situation where automation would make huge progress in a relative short period of time .
