  i 'm not talking about the domestic use , but about anyone thinking that some political status quo is eternal . 
  i know that it happens everywhere , but countries are not on the same levels of approval for such people nor these people in different countries are not on the same level of retardness . 
   even with a ` forever clause ' rotfl , that 's stupid . 
  that says a lot about their domestic voter . 
  all sharia refugees are welcomed here . 
  just do n't take islam with you  . 
  you 're not western europe , finland  . 
  was n't it built by the ruthenian daniel of galicia and after that it was moldovian ? 
  yes , this one definition is used in 99 % cases but it 's still completely arbitrary . 
  it 's just popular . 
  nothing more . 
  there is no real , geographic border between europe and asia . 
  the geographic definitions we 're having are old , arbitrary , imperfect and were n't created with strict rules so this arguing is pointless . 
  eurasia is far more proper concept of a continent , becouse this concept shares way more uniqe characteristics of a different land mass , but it 's still wrong . 
  what 's going to be over , spain ? 
  i have the impression that economy is n't important to catalan separatists . 
  independent or not , spain has to be one of their main trade-partners . 
  we went down to weeks at some point . 
  well , you went down , as western , welcoming muslims , europe  . 
  the art is being returned all over the time with the help of the german state . 
  it 's our services hunting for these pieces , but it 's german services that are helping returning it . 
  some late example : `` jewess with oranges '' , returned in 2010 . 
  it 's out there . 
  and first of all : what took them so long ? 
  it was quite a while since the last attack in western europe . 
  those are current swedes . 
  long story short : could , would , would , would , requires , may have to . 
  the end . 
  this artice has exactly no added value . 
  just repeating all those once maybe something if something . 
   numbers and statistics what is your numbers and statistics source and what does it say ? 
  maybe islam will make sweden vikings again . 
  the proper policy is simply : do n't eat faster than you can digest . 
  the harder the incoming group is , the longer and harder it will take , you might even need to take a pill , visit a doctor , and in some cases die . 
  learn some history . 
  nazi ** plunder was backed and organized by the german state ** . 
  yeah , i remember that when he visited berbers , he said about them `` the last really free people on earth '' and he named quran a ` holy book ' . 
  very dismissive . 
   laughing at negros what ? 
  the return our paintings that you 've stolen , friend  . 
  when was he a racist ? 
  he was partly right in this interview . 
  germany should return to poland art that germany stolen during ww2 . 
  no , it is n't . 
  syrian refugees who wanted to stay in poland already came here and got asylum . 
  yes , few people know that since 2015 we have syrian refugees too , the biggest numbers came in 2016 and 2017 . 
  those who will be redistributed , would leave poland instantly and the only way to prevent it is to force them to stay in the camp , which according to current law is illegal , so it 's impossible to make them stay . 
  i know . 
  but you 're wrong . 
  it 's not the same shit . 
  i said that at some point it will change , not that it has changed . 
  yeah , that too . 
  i can understand that . 
  the soviet union was a much bigger threat . 
  i 'd rather not put trust in americans if they did n't care about that . 
  anyway , nato was never about `` values '' so the discussion is pointless . 
  spain and portugal were n't seen as a danger for local geopolitical context becouse there was no reason to think so . 
  at some point it will . 
  look out there , france . 
  look at the tiny osman territory it once were : http://mapsof.net/uploads/static-maps/europe_map_1300.jpg, 
  few years ago the armenian genocide was forgotten as well . 
  no , becouse turkey commited a genocide on armenians , ussr commited a mass deportation on crimean tatars and crimean germans . 
  no , we ca n't becouse turkey commited a genocide on armenians , ussr commited a mass deportation on crimean tatars and crimean germans ( a week later ) . 
  and they call their state ` democratic ' and ` people 's ' in north korea so it has to be true . 
  the only difference is that the stronger are bullying weaker while being stronger means pissing on rules and nobody 's voicing it . 
  nothing more to add here . 
  i would n't even need to do that . 
  after a week they 'd be gone , somewhere in germany . 
  that 's what po wanted to do . 
  you can also call yourself napoleon , and you can name chair a table . 
  it wo n't make in true . 
  well , the discussed events was n't a genocide but mass deportation and nobody 's calling german expulsion after ww2 from poland and other central european countries a genocide , so you 're proven wrong . 
  also : do n't forget that stalin 's reasoning behind deportation , that is 10-20k tatar collabolators serving in wehrmacht . 
  i 'm not advocating this decision here , but we should look at this from all sides . 
  i 'd like two please , are they coming with some extra features ? 
  you ca n't forget about it here as it had an impact on our situation , for example with massive immigration from ukraine and bigger interest in the army . 
  i was n't talking about present . 
  you 're having visions . 
  i have the opposite feeling . 
  it 's not fit for cinema . 
  the story is just too long and they 'd have to narrow the plot . 
  people grew with it and are used to it in most cases . 
  i prefer that , than the dubbing tbh , maybe except animations . 
  hey , it 's that or a plastic dragon . 
  they had to choose . 
  i doubt that baginski 's going to fuck it up . 
  also , sapkowski 's going to be there as ` artistic advisor ' responsible for story advising . 
   it is a story about today 's challenges , hidden under a fantasy cover . 
  glad , that people see it . 
  the fantasy part in the witcher books is nothing more than a mask to make the story more universal . 
  yep , nilfgaard is tsarist russia . 
  just joking . 
  or am i ? 
  answered that already twice . 
  i do n't care about stupid racist labeling in a case that does n't have anything to do with race . 
  if all you have in offer is insults and you 're not capable of having a discussion based on arguments then do n't waste my time . 
   and just saying `` yeah , we 'll take those 6000 and then hope it disappears '' is completely idiotic of an approach . 
  it 's not , becouse currently it 's exactly what would happen . 
  it 's your personal visions telling you , that this is my approach in general . 
  this po approach would be useful in this particular case becouse it would lead to the exact same result but without us being bashed for it .
