  they did n't do it and had no real intentions doing it . 
  you just fell for it . 
  when all that hysteria broke up , i was writing this exact thing : they have no real intentions in provifing total abortion ban and they wo n't do it . 
  he 's not a dictator . 
  this is a another huge exaggeration . 
  if those millions of economic immigrants are raising such concerns in western europe , then yes , that too . 
  i ca n't see how is it absurd . 
  there is no cathofascist government . 
  this is a huge exaggeration . 
  can you name those ( large ) parts of the catholic church who has cut ties with the pope ? 
  exactly . 
  the rise of populism gets from ignoring issues like immigration by the mainstream parties . 
  how can he not be involved in politics . 
  he 's the head of a state . 
  well , in some fields they are similiar . 
  like smoking ban , it started in nazi germany . 
  however i doubt about that 40 % , it 's not going to be that high ( yet ) , yes , this was my point generally . 
  there will be shift in the next generation and the percentage of muslims will jump from 4-10 % to 15 % -25 % very quickly if nothing is going to be done ( muslims leaving islam or white people having more kids than muslims ) . 
  `` hemendex '' as great it tastes , is the ugliest anglicism i 've met in a slavic language . 
  there was n't any lack of separation between religion and state , you just do n't know what does it mean . 
  it does n't mean than religious officials ca n't join state ceremonies , it also does n't mean that there 's obligatory no talking about religion in politics , it only means that the state and church are ** institutionally ** separated . 
  this is n't constant . 
  wait for the babyboomers to die out , you 'll see . 
  good luck with your muslims , france . 
  how many are controlled ? 
  which are those ? 
  lol , the whole greece population is smaller than istanbul nowdays . 
  i do n't see it as influencial as in pre ww1 times , especially with big us forces on your soil , but okay , if you say so , we ca n't strictly measure it anyway . 
  those were short episodes , a longterm trend is a slow slide down in relative power or influence since ww1 . 
  those huge wars that emerged when the protestant revolution happened on the continent stopped in the xx century . 
  30 year war alone was a huge waste of time and blood and it 's just a bit of it . 
  today it seems , that protestantism in europe has done it 's job , it can go now . 
  next stage , muslim wars !, 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  after every getting back on its feet , unified germany seemed less influencial . 
  yeah , but there had to be some kind of ` german framework ' , i mean , you shared a language after all and sharing a language makes you sharing the culture , books , music , opera and so on . 
  i know that diffrences are huge , even today . 
  single germany had a good start , but short after that it started to dwindle . 
  i get the impression that germans as a nation were stronger when divided . 
  this inner competition was healthy while as as soon as the single ( well , kinda ) state solution started , the geographic influence started to shrink in a longterm trend . 
  yeah , the reason was that prussia has grown on taken away lands from poland and he realised that they 're going to do everything to get back what 's theirs . 
  btw , public opinion protested what 's germany doing to the poles in 1908 when the land bill was being passed ( making possible to generally throw any pole from his land ) , it 's not like germany just followed the rules of that time . 
  it 's morally wrong , and yes , he was in favor of cultural extermination . 
  which is the same thing , you 're just being euphemistic on him being an ass toward poles becouse you value bismarck so much . 
  the goal was to make polish minority vanish from `` german '' territories , this way or another . 
  especially on territories taken from other countries that had these nations majority . 
  it 's not the place that matter , but what kind of people are coming . 
  how intelligent , educated are they , or do they share at least some common values . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  some immigrants are a value added , some become a burden . 
  indians did n't wound you much , obviously . 
  lol ? 
  how the hell it does n't ? 
  things change fast when the coverlet is getting short . 
  look at him !, 
  he has hope !, 
  that 's why i do n't support the idea that humans will go extint in case of nuclear war . 
  however going +4 in decades and -8 in couple months is a completely different thing . 
  a global famine is sure in this case , but it 's something that many will survive , especially that in many places climate wo n't change much . 
  looks like we can stop global warming ... mheh.mheheh ... mhahaha !, 
  yes , this is n't that much of an issue . 
  the worst is getting the food . 
  with global temperatures dropping of -8 from today levels , after decade it would be still a drop of -4 . 
  for a few years there would very little few places where climate change would meet with people that would know how to grow new things and that would have access to the seeds that are likely to grow in the new climate reality . 
  it would be most striking in the northen hemisphere , however there would still be a few of places , where climate change would be just -1 , -2 , -3 ( ocean islands , shores on southern hemisphere and few other places ) . 
  i do n't care . 
  i was just showing what i believe are people thinking . 
  i guess people in the happiest country in europe are having to much free time and they 're willing to spend it at the machanics . 
  queen , it 's a female name . 
  but the west wo n't invade belarus becouse it does n't have the capabilities around that could make it happen smoothly with russian reaction calculated . 
  these forces would have to get there from united states which would take couple of weeks and which would push russia to make the first move . 
  there is no other way to protect baltics than making an offer to backa so he could dump russia and arming baltic citiziens to the teeth . 
  he knows that , he 's even making smiles and gestures , but there 's no will on the other side . 
  no , the possibility humans going extint after a nato-russia nuclear war is very small , it would have to engage massive bombing of non-strategic locations which are almost all the possible locations on earth and which nobody has reasons to do it . 
  read some paper on the topic , especially nuclear strategy , becouse i 'm having an impression that you 're having a pop-cultural approach , which is n't true . 
  what could happen is that 95 % of people would live in rural areas again , just like before industrial revolution . 
  that ww3 would be the last war . 
  this view is a derivative of typical human fear , not real knowledge on nuclear war strategies , possibilities , war engageing models , etc. 
  that 's something else , moustly a derivative of not having access to the best trade routes , different topic . 
  this is n't a stagnation if you realise others are on a pendulum which in various cases tends to swing back , just like in the gay case . 
  it is n't true though . 
  not quite , we do n't follow the fashion in the other way around . 
  we just do n't do anything or little . 
  maybe it has even more sense this way ... , 
  baltics are basically unprotectable if shit hits the fan without belarus being on the western side . 
  the only land route , the suwalki gap would be shut down by russians in couple of hours , nato would need 3 weeks to get all the equipment needed to the baltic sea . 
  if i were the baltics , i would n't spend a penny on a tank or a plane , it 's useless in their situation , instead i would arm the citiziens to the teeth . 
  however , belarus changes everything , if you really want to protect the baltics , you need to make backa an offer he ca n't refuse . 
  ... east ? 
  not quite sure if you ... 
  people who see our current position as ` german colony ' ( yeah ... i know , i know ... ) could at least see some good sides of it , we 're a market worth being protected :p, 
  only few people last in being sentimental when it comes to spending a bigger sum of money . 
  yeah , skoda is generally seen as vw for poor people and it surprises me that it 's popular in finnland , switzerland or iceland . 
  but if they put their effort in a good case , then they achieve more . 
  we 're never going the full way , it 's just something about us , that every trend stops somewhere half-way . 
  we did n't prosecute gays when it was cool , we 're not giving them a right to marry when it 's cool today . 
  when europe was playing with absolute monarchy we had a quasi-republic with an elected king and when we had communism , party members were joining the sunday mass . 
  something like nazism is impossible here , and salazar is pretty much worst case scenario if you think it 's somewhere further then you simply do n't know anything about this place . 
  and nope , we also are n't full-way catholics . 
  it 's complicated but many people are just associating lgbt with half-naked males wagging their half-naked asses on platfroms in the city centre with poor techno music in the background and they do n't like this view .
