  not today . 
  it 's not even comparable and i 'm not afraid of any kind of russian invasion becouse today 's russia is n't capable of doing such here . 
  i 'm afraid about russian implosion wchich would damage the whole cee region . 
  i said it already , read more carefully . 
  and what are those resources comming from controlling the baltic-black-sea bridge . 
  you ca n't even tell that and you 're skipping to the next question like it 's obvious . 
  no , it is n't , it 's just some kind of home-grown dugin-style theory with no support in facts . 
  i 'm not relying on paper , but on the fact that both russia and germany have today a completely different status on the world stage than it was in 1939 . 
  it 's not even comparable . 
  russia was a superpower in 1939 , today it 's just a oversized local power and germany has even less tanks than we have and a completely different policy . 
  grow up , becouse you 're thinking about some kind of fantasy . 
  when i 'm saying that i do n't want my country to get involved in eastern mess i 'm not afraid of some kind of russian invasion , but rather russian implosion which would create a vacuum and chaos in the region that would damage our economy and make investors run away . 
  the more we 're tied to that region , the worse the damage would be . 
  that 's what i 'm afraid of . 
  also , your theory about the monopoly is false . 
  russia had monopoly in this region and so what , they did n't build any kind of prosperous society or anything that 's worth comparing to nor anything i 'd want to live in . 
  this is some kind of home-grown theory with no support in facts . 
  and as you said , it would take a lot of work , effort and time for us to even reach the level of power that could make this doubtful income even possible . 
  there are much easier , quicker and less risky ways to make money , we do n't need to be involved in that region for this cause . 
  nope , that 's a false analogy with no support if facts , starting from russia being strong in 1939 and now being weak , but this is only the first argument . 
  control over those parts of russian trade with the west that goes there is n't worth the risk in my opinion . 
  the costs are too high . 
  besides , i ca n't see any country who became rich by controlling those territories . 
  numbers do n't support this claim . 
  fine with me , we had some foreign kings , and some of them were our best kings . 
  i did n't assume that , you missed the `` if '' . 
  i do n't care what you want . 
  i care about the wealth and safety of my country and i do n't see any kind of progress that could be made in this matter with a political engagement in the east . 
  there 's no friendship between countries , only business , grow up . 
  if you want something from us , say it and propose what you can give in return . 
  if you do n't want anything then it 's fine with me so you can stop groaning . 
  also , if you think our things are `` crap '' then just do n't buy them , nobody 's forcing you . 
  this emotional , childish repeating about how `` crappy '' our products must be is n't saying anything really about these products , which were n't even specified , but it does say a lot about you . 
  meh , bats ca n't turn their head back , like the ` head ' on the map . 
  lol , you 're being so emotional about this . 
  i do n't want to cut off completely from the east , but i do n't want my country to get involved politically either . 
  just accept , that i 'm not interested in your geopolitical troubles and i just want to live in a peaceful wealthy country . 
  and by getting involved in the eastern mess poland can only loose it . 
  if you want to make poland interested in your situation , offer something , give a good reason that would make it worth the risk . 
  if you do n't want that , then we basically agree and ( as you said ) you do n't loose anything . 
  so what 's the fuss about ? 
  i 've hurt your feelings or is it something important becouse your anger lacks logic . 
  still waiting for the german version of `` imperial maps '' , you funny , little fellow . 
  does it matter though ? 
  if we estimate the devastation , a dead body is a dead body and the population fall is what matters in the scale of the country . 
  a bit yeah :d, 
  it depends on the time period . 
  the iron curtain was something else in the 40 's and something else in the 80 's . 
  in a way it stopped the march of communism to countries that managed to avoid it . 
  unfortunatelly , it halted the expansion of capitalism to the east , which created massive tensions on the eastern side among people who compared their lifes with those in the west . 
  how come ? 
  probably true , however , land was more important back then as it was the main source of wealth for the nobility so i do understand their decisions in those times . 
  but today ? 
  if we are secured without that , i do n't see any reason to control or dominate those territories . 
  i see a lot of reasons not to do it . 
  no profit and a lot of troubles . 
  we just need to sell things to them . 
  it had to happen after a geopolitical vacuum was created as mongols destroyed previous political players east to poland . 
  however i would n't want my country to get back there if russia would implode today . 
  i would expect from my country to stay away from that eastern mess , we do n't need to get involved in that , let them play with themselves , we should just integrate with the west and build our peaceful prosperity and wealth . 
  i like the late borders much more , it looks like a flying eagle . 
  this is a blot . 
  those are only claims of polled people , not the visualisation of an actual fact but a visualisation of an opinion people have about themselves . 
  there are people that think they 're atheists , but they 're not and vice versa . 
  the more you learn about belief , religion , psychology and human mind , the more this boundary is getting blurry and negligible . 
  if trumps decisions are weaking america , then it 's influencing the whole globe as pax america is crumbling , even if this decision has nothing to do with the region directly . 
  another 70 years , and green is going to be just fine  . 
  the title has nothing to do with the graph . 
  to prove the claim that 's in the title the eu should be compared with other political projects , not to itself , just earlier . 
  us president is n't having a lot of power in the country and the fact , that there are 2 parties is n't that important , becouse in smd system mps are much more independent from their party . 
  it seems crying over turkey is still justified . 
  are you a bot ? 
  what if the reponse will be `` we do n't like it here and we wo n't leave , as a matter of fact , we will make you the way we are as soon as possible '' . 
  it depends on interpretation of `` full '' . 
  12 % of poles are drinking too much . 
  if that 's `` full '' to you , then use it , however we do n't differ much from most of europe . 
  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/85/0b/09/850b0994fab9c1140681d7e7b3f07fa7.jpg https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/files/2014/10/bingedrinking-2300.jpg at the same time , as i mentioned before , if 1 in 4 swedes dies alone , then it 's not a normal situation to me . 
  how come ? 
  that 's the good side of having a hierarchic , institutional global church . 
  the larger it gets , the more trends there are inside the church . 
  to avoid schisms , the pope has to constantly seek for compromises and agreements , he ca n't go all the way in given direction , becouse groups representing other trends would separate . 
  and that 's really an eot for now . 
  many , potentially rational people loose their minds when it comes to judging religion . 
  it 's easy to notice , they always go with the aggresive tone which tells a lot more about them than about the religion itself . 
  now give me all your downvotes . 
  lol , he 's just stating a fact . 
  just notice the dynamic of migration just after a certain change and later . 
  you ca n't extrapolate the average value of given period further becouse the trend is hardly ever close to constant and that 's why we approximate functions to estimate future values . 
  you literally ca n't understand what is being written to you . 
  i 'm helpless at this point . 
  this graph does n't show even from which countries/regions did people immigrate to uk and what 's each region 's share in each year . 
  how can you possibly use it to prove that my point ( referring to countries that joined eu along with poland in 2004 ) is false ? 
  you were already open that you ca n't really get along with numbers , so it does n't surprise me though . 
  and you 're missing a fact , that not only poles are migrating to uk . 
  and yet , the actual figures are as they are , but you do n't seem to be able to read them well , so now you started escaping into argumentation that 's already influencing immigration rates . 
  we 're already talking about the numbers with these factors working . 
  why am i not surprised at all that you 've missed even this :( . 
  you 're making a pure idiot of yourself . 
  you ca n't even imagine how poor you are . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the money .
