  in my opinion it 's just not good for the uk in the long run if eu is there to stay . 
  i 'm not saying that i 'm 100 % right but in uk interest it was always crucial not to let germany and france become too close ( so they wo n't create any geopolitical neo-carolingian nightmare for you ) and you 're throwing away the only tool to do it , if eu is there to stay . 
  i did not express confidence on this case . 
  i see that the 'em pire ' thing has brought some attention . 
  i 've only mentioned it in a security context . 
  i 'm far away from wondering if you 're missing the empire or not , it 's not important at all . 
  if eu is there to stay without you , sooner or later hostility has to show up between both sides ( imho ) . 
  now you , being outside of having influence on the eu evolution will have much , much , much less of a geopolitical value for the u.s. and they 'll be much less likely to save your ass . 
  you probably do realise that having u.s. as your big brother ready to help is not for free . 
  it 's becouse uk is the gate for their expanded presence on the continent since ww1 . 
  if eu evolves into a closer integration and uk 's having nothing to say , there 's no point in having close relations with you from the american point of view ( imho ) . 
  you 're on your own . 
  of course , eu can fail and then we 're back in the old game . 
  in this case , the sooner you leave , it 's better for you . 
  you 're a man of high hopes !, 
  maybe that 's good , but it does n't change the fact , that everything flows . 
  you ca n't tell what shape will eu have in 50 years . 
  if you 're sure that eu will disintegrate then vote freely towards leaving becouse you 're going to be already set in the new reality when the rest of us is going to have our states learning to function in after-eu europe . 
  however if in your opinion eu is there to stay , then voting to leave is one of the most stupid things you can do this year . 
  that 's the whole story , save your sarcasm . 
  trump says `` america first '' as he 's likely to often repeat that us interest will be always on the first place during his presidency . 
  however everybody knows that uk will become much less valuable for the us if they leave . 
  i 'm really surprised that the brits ca n't see that leaving eu is a geopolitical degradation for the uk . 
  you 'll never get your empire back , you 'll end being in position of the one taiwan has in relations with china , if eu is there to stay . 
  why do you want to treat religions differently compared to other idologies . 
  a harmful ideology does n't have to have a religious background . 
  for example , this solution excludes nazism or communism from being banned for youths and those ideologies are far , far more dangerous than christianity . 
  they 're getting away from responsibility ( according to this solution ) just by being a different , non-religious , type of ideology . 
  i do n't . 
  besides , look at the date when napoleon was in rule . 
  democracy was n't a common status quo in europe as it is today and during his days napoleon was n't critisized for being a dictator that much . 
  you 're using today 's measures to judge a historic figure from 200 years ago . 
  imho , it 's the united states that preserved modern democracy so it could explode in the beginning of the xx century . 
  during xix century , after napoleon as well , democracies and monarchies as countries and ideas were competing pretty much all the time . 
  the general trend was pro-democratic if you look at parliaments getting more and more attention during that century but there were also many big steps back . 
  on haiti even poles turned against him and started figthting alongside with haitians for their freedom . 
  eventually a unique polish-creolic ethnic group was born after that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_haitians https://uzar.wordpress.com/2010/01/24/lost-polish-tribe-on-haiti/ anyway , answering to / u/ocularsinister2 question in general sense , napoleon was seen a kind of reformator on one hand and on the other hand , some nations dominated by the big continental powers have seen napoleon as a chance to make their situation better . 
  in polish case , he started a quasi-free state duch\u00e9 de varsovie . 
  at the same time , he was n't seen as a butcher by civilians . 
  and in the 80 's the press was like : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-86sx3ynqwnm/t3rcw68nq9i/aaaaaaaaayu/091nwo3guqq/s1600/sc00027d7f.jpg, 
   we were n't the only ones . 
  there were 8 armies supporting france back then in europe . 
   a first-time visitor to paris from ~ ~ elsewhere ~ ~ england in europe might flinch at the monuments to napoleon . 
  i 'm surprised how often the british are shocked , that in many places in europe , their arch-enemy , napoleon is a positive or neutral character . 
  not only in france . 
  i really have this impression that the british think that their negative attitude towards napoleon is common outside britain and some of them are even insolent to the point where they think all europeans should have the same attitude , becouse waterloo was such a great thing . 
  nope , not for all of us . 
  i think they 'd get along , ax marx wrote : `` without violence , nothing is ever accomplished in history . '' he also wrote : `` what is the worldly religion of the jew ? 
  huckstering . 
  what is his worldly god ? 
  money . 
  ... money is the jealous god of israel , in face of which no other god may exist , '' so maybe with hitler too . 
   i 'm sure i 'm missing a lot of context and history here . 
  good for you , becouse it 's true . 
  it was the only interesting cherry to me . 
   they hate that religion fuels ignorance and mistrust of science and scientific fact . 
  but believe me , anti-theists rarely ever know anything about science except that they have this feeling that ` this is right ' . 
  ask anyone about how the mechanism of evolution works , they do n't know anything . 
  they just use science to swagger , becouse in their opinion religion has to contradict science . 
  however , their actual attitude towards science does n't differ from a religious person believing in his texts , usually in a quite shallow way . 
  i mean , there are scientists who happen to be anti-theists , and yeah , i can find them reasonable . 
  but if someone is n't educated much , and that 's the biggest chunk of anti-theists , they threat science as a kind of totem to dance around it . 
  ask them anything , you 'll see that their reaction will be running away or agression . 
  atheism is really hard , you really need to know a lot , to have a consistent worldview . 
  most atheists do n't have that , they just follow some leaders , just like those religious persons follow . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  in my opinion hatred towards religion in general gets from ignorance about how religion works . 
  most anti-theists believe that believers have to believe in some kind of old man in the sky just like children may believe in a fairy . 
  they often believe that in christianity people are rewarded for doing good and punished for doing bad ( well , it 's not what cc is about , ca n't say about all christian churches ) . 
  they interpret bible literally more often that believers do , ofcourse to discredit it . 
  i just see most anti-theists as bigoted and ignorant , and rarely reasonable , becouse their opinions about religion are usually based on their own belief in their own caricature they 've made on religion . 
  and i 'm not a religious person myself . 
  i just noticed that most anti-theist arguments are n't really set to hit religion , but their vision about religion , which is really the most backwarded form . 
  they are intentionally or not ignoring that there 's a bucket of other ways a person can believe . 
   the problem with these kinds of arguments is that every moderate follower of any ideology ( not even necessarily a religion ) will tell you this about their ideology . 
  but not everyone has the moral right to do it . 
  this is literally the stance that christianity holds . 
  it 's not my `` opinion '' , it 's just what christianity says about sin . 
  it 's not religion 's fault that some christians ( but as proven - also people having opinions about christianity ) are ignorant about this . 
  they choose to be ignorant , knowledge about their own church beliefs is out there , for free . 
  a christian hates the sin , not the sinner . 
  if you know people who claim they 're christians , but they hate gays , they 've got it all wrong . 
  your comment is so stupid that i do n't even know where to start so just stay in your ignorance . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  it seems rather to be a frozen conflict with loyality bought thanks to oil money . 
  but i might be wrong . 
  that gehry on the left is more interesting . 
  there is a point here . 
  islam is both . 
  a religion , like christianity , and also an ideology , like nazism or liberalism . 
  a particular one . 
  but you 've finished the conversation , you ca n't even . 
  pathetic . 
   that 's not a fact . 
  that 's an interpretation . 
   no , that 's a fact . 
  a fact that 's not only acknowledged by french historians but also american , french and other so we can leave the ` pride ' argument alone . 
   the consensus does n't deny the facts , it tries to discredit the french government and their decisions because of national pride and international ridicule . 
  exatcly , the consensus , nor me , did n't deny facts .
