  there was france as a culture and people , under occupation . 
  there was no sovereign french state on these territories during that time . 
  the iv republic is a direct continuation of iii republic in legal terms . 
   denying responsibility means denying history . 
  nope . 
  it 's just stating a pure fact . 
  a state that did n't cotrol a territory is n't responsible for crimes that were done there on the ground at that time , just like hague convention iv states . 
  france during the occupation was the only france . 
  denying that part of history does n't shift the blame for the horrible acts that the french did under nazi occupation . 
  you 're wrong again . 
  i 'm not denying the role french collabolators had in holocaust at all . 
  but the blame does n't lie on the french state . 
   these are documented facts . 
  you ca n't deny facts . 
  i 'm not deying facts . 
  you are . 
   hiding behind the `` he made me do it '' rhetoric is what kids do . 
  this is not my rhetoric . 
  read carefuly again . 
  i 'm repeating again and again , there was no `` me '' understood as a soverign french state during the time , but i noticed before that you 're trying tu put me in position that i 'm denying what the french collabolators under occupation did and this is unfair . 
  the responsibility for keeping the law and order on occuped territory lies on the occupying force , and that is nazi germany . 
  france had no control over paris during the time it happened and no control over the police forces which have been left over and which were under nazi germany orders . 
  and while vichy france ordered it 's police forces to take part in it , along with german forces and civil french collabolators , i do n't see modern france as a continuation of vichy france . 
  the only way you can lie responsibility on the french state is if you see vichy france as an sovereign , independent french state and not a nazi germany puppet state . 
  where am i denying holocaust ? 
  becouse it 's not in the post above . 
  if you have nothing to add about the topic itself , and all that you have in offer is your idiotic banter , then do n't waste my time . 
  i 'm here for a serious discussion . 
  nobody 's denying the responsibility that lies on these people . 
  we 're talking about responsibility that lies on the french state back . 
  i 'm not a fan of her , but ** le pen is right on this one ** . 
  the french state ca n't be responsible for something that was being done on a territory which this state did n't control during that time . 
  paris was n't under french state control when it happened . 
  hague conventions ( in this case iv ) clearly stands , that the occupying force is responsible for the order and law on the occupied land which is reasonable . 
  if she was defending french nationals , collaborating with nazi germany , then she 'd be wrong , but she was clearly reffering to the responsibility that would lie on the french state . 
  poles like russians , they hate russia . 
  the answer depends on the first association they 've made after hearing the question . 
  what about turkey ? 
  hey birdy , do n't run away . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i do n't blame europeans that they started voting right-wing . 
  most people judge the situation on the media narrative , not the scientific , statistical approach and it has to be this way . 
  if someone 's here to blame , it 's the mainstream parties that did n't properly approach the issue of immigration and terrorism and which could stop it , when it was still a minor political issue . 
  they down-played it most of the time and here 's the effect . 
  a terror act starts social-political trends , which can not be stopped and which leads to political , social and even economic destabilisation at the end , but i 'm far away from blaming ordinary people for their new political options . 
  liberal and centered parties could still own their creditibility they had before if they were n't such bigoted pures about their own narrative . 
  yes , when i think about u.s. cities , it 's the townhouse architecture ( https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/52823021/161111_13-57-52_5ds_5391.0.0.jpg ) from late xix - early xx century , which i like the most . 
  i wish you had more of those , instead of those vast suburbs or `` mall architecture '' . 
  exactly . 
  becouse of the general feel of terror societies change their spendings , lifestyles and political options . 
  even the culture changes . 
  it does n't change anything i 've said . 
  yeah , but statistically , it 's not really a big loss . 
  it 's a very small one . 
  the effect a terror attack has on public opinion is the real loss . 
  i agree . 
  european cities are trying to go the middle way between becoming ultra-modern cities and a tourist spot . 
  the effect is that we have poor skylines becouse we want few skyscrapers , but not too much . 
  european cities are much nicer from the inside . 
  and at the end , that 's what really counts . 
  stalinist architecture was inspired by western , especially american architecture back then . 
  many famous western architects worked in ussr , like ernst may , albert kahn and others . 
  the danger of islamic terrorism in europe is n't about the death count . 
  death is not the goal of a terror attack and those dead people are not the targets but tools . 
  let 's be honest , those few dead bodies are nothing in the context of a country . 
  those in front of tv are the real targets and the danger should be measured in the political change it causes , that 's the level where terrorism changes the reality we live in . 
  i wish the skyscraper skyline would be nicer . 
  i know these articles , some of them are over a decade old , and imho , the press is exaggerating . 
  yes , i am totally ingorant , tell me , what 's the national architectural style of nigeria ? 
  google did n't help me . 
  i 'm in krak\u00f3w every 2 weeks at least , i 'm at the main square almost every time and i 've never seen this . 
  anyway , they did n't behave more `` badly '' than poles in similiar situation . 
  why not ? 
  good to know that someone is few steps ahead of us in this madness . 
  what would be the lost ` national style ' of nigeria ? 
  this zenith was reach shortly after ww1 according to huntington , and if you focus on territorial range , it 's true then . 
  i know . 
  to be honest , i do n't see a good way out for russia . 
  maybe i lack imagination , but all possible doors that russia can choose now end badly for your state imho . 
  and i 'm not happy about it , if you 're suggested by my flair . 
  we 're going to get hit by this too . 
  some of my countrymen are afraid about possible russian invasion . 
  i 'm scared about possible russian implosion . 
  the amount of chaos and political tension would be enormous in cee and further . 
  you 're talking about 90 's period , are n't you ? 
  imho it 's an error to blame the west for it . 
  free chechnya means pretty much ` turskish satelite state ' chechnya after few years . 
  people want a stabilised heartland that does n't cause problems . 
  russia which implodes means chaos and trouble for everyone and it 's not a scenario that ` the west ' wants . 
  also , poor as hell russia is rather something they would want to avoid , becouse it means revolt and could mean destabilisation of the heartland . 
  however , this is something characteristic for russians . 
  when it comes to policis they pretty much think only about what 's the best for the state and russian elites . 
  their arguments hardly ever hit the issue of what 's best for them as people , humans and citiziens . 
  i ` like ' that one with the whole chili inside . 
  the american way , `` work2live , live2work '' is n't seen as better around here probably . 
  i was in belgrade and found it depressing and gloomy . 
  to be fair - it was in november . 
  at the same time it was interesting becouse all those differences , like no kebab boots anywhere and rubber stamp shops everywhere . 
  also boozing on the boats by the river was fine . 
  in the past people who care were ready to die to protect the identity of their country .
