  i know that some balts like to see an integration with the nordics as a plan b , which might be a better solution in terms of economy in short-term , but i 'm not sure if this would be a good geopolitical solution . 
  the thing is , defending the balts will always be a much more vital interest for this potential `` cee union '' than for the nords ( with exception of finland ) who have a sea seperating them from russia . 
  of course not . 
  religions do not differ just by the shape of the hat on your head as some redditors are trying to believe , but they have different values and that 's why converting to islam has much higher risk of blowing self up than converting to shintoism . 
  almost every decision that canada makes internationally ( and internally ) is compatible with us interest . 
  i think we both know what would happen if canada decided to change its course , run from pax americana into , lets say - close relations with china . 
  we both now what would happen if canada decided to change their system from liberal democracy to something else . 
  of course united states would not allow that to happen . 
  this is the limit of canadian sovereignty and this is the limit of the sovereignty you 're deciding to have - of course - if eu is there to stay . 
  if you decide to play in the same team , let say it clear - do what you 're told by most of the time , then of course - you 'll have that feeling that there 's nothing wrong with the level of your sovereignty becouse you will be rewarded with wealth and good deals . 
  moreover , doing what you 're told will be in your interest , becouse the costs of having different policy would be to big as cuba or lately - ukraine cases shown . 
  i ca n't agree that formal sovereignty , but with tied hands is always the more extreme part of this gradient compared with being a part of a highly decentralised geopolitical organism . 
  there are cases that stand against that thought . 
  but even if this is true , it 's not necessarily always the right decision . 
  after all , we did n't invent states just to be states . 
  those are tools to maintain wealth , security , rights and to shape our economic , cultural and life environment they way we want , need and feel comfortable with . 
  this is the reason why we value our states , not becouse the flag is so pretty . 
  there 's no single way to secure those things and a formally sovereign nation state is not always the most optimal solution , and it 's certainly not the optimal solution in the case we 're talking about - of course - unless your policy will be just following eu policy like canada 's doing to have a good life near a big potential bully . 
  wilfully disingenuous you say . 
  im absolutely not surprised that you 're also wrong on this matter . 
  i really think this is a bad decision for uk if eu is there to stay and i consider your accusations as impudent and ... odd becouse why would i invent lies , just to tell them to you . 
  i do n't really care what britain will do , as someone passionate about geopolitics it 's even more interesting to me to watch what happens when you leave . 
  i just really do n't think you would enjoy sovereignty having federated eu on your doorstep pushing you to implement most of eu law anyway , just like norway 's doing and sending love signals to scotland . 
  if you 're planning to discuss with another ad personam accusations , then let 's end this now . 
  i 'm schocked what happened to this sub lately . 
  sovereignty is not something that is binary . 
  the level of sovereignty is always a derivative of how strong and big you are compared to your neighbors and of how much your neighbors are divided . 
  you can be a part of a decentralised geopolitical structure and still have more power ( if you 're one of the core , main members ) than in situation in which you 're on your own , but with tied hands . 
  believe me , texas citiziens have far more possibilities to shape their state the way they want it to be than citiziens of ukraine . 
  throwing yourself into a place in which ukraine , taiwan or cuba are is n't to clever in terms of economy or safety on the long run . 
  of course - if eu is there to stay . 
  catholic church differs from protestatism mainly ( but imho ) becouse it does n't follow sola scriptura . 
  it chooses to affect all your senses with bible , but also literature , poem , music , paintings and of course - architecture . 
  and i think it 's better and far more inspiring this way . 
  despite economic arguments that will occure after brexit for the next couple of years before new economic status quo between uk and ue would be constructed i see one long-term issue that is extremely disadvantageous for uk . 
  if eu is there to stay to integrate into a federal state , then leaving eu is a geopolitical suicide for britain that in this situation pushes itself to a situation similiar in which taiwan is . 
  you remind me myself last spring . 
  you 're deciding about the future of your country by reading the reddit comment section and then ... you 're publicly admitting it ? 
  in my opinion it looks like far more than 15k . 
  do n't know how many are them on this vid , but i 'm sure this is bigger than 15k : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-1n4irtkjw after seeing this video , 80k is possible in my opinion . 
  i 've seen the march . 
  it was far more than 15k . 
  just when 3.6 mln people are about to arrive in germany in 4-5 years . 
  those accusations are about his earlier part of life in the 70 's . 
  that is false . 
  besides , it 's in the interest of everyone not to let greece fall into political chaos becouse of this . 
  societies that are becoming more irrilegious are not by that fact becoming more rational . 
  there are tons of ideologies other that those with religious background that are ready to takeover peoples minds . 
  in a matter of fact - they very often do . 
  see richard dawkins `` enemies of reason '' . 
  i do n't know what are the exact numbers , but the number of rus cars on the streets highly increased since the war in ukraine started . 
  however , in my opinion they 're mostly temporary workers . 
  well , not the biggest reason , but it gave them some extra 8 % shifting their ratings from around 30 % to around 40 % . 
  in my opinion you 're wrong . 
  this verbal antisemitism did n't change a lot lately . 
  i 'm old enough to remember that football matches were always this way , it was even worse in the 90 's when police could n't handle the hooligans , so was the graphitti . 
  you found some single incidents to show that things worsen , but i can find my single incidents from 5-15 years ago . 
  like nationalists creating the online ` list of jews ' that was quite popular for some time , or father jankowski who placed the star of david next to nazi and soviet symbols . 
  these things happen from time to time , today as well as then , but never led to violence towards jews which is the case of western europe . 
  polish antisemitism is very verbal and loud but usually it 's where it ends . 
  there are hardly any incidents including jewish memorial places , temples or museums . 
  those people have big mouths , especially when writing something on a wall or on the internet , but at the same time , most of them are n't capable of doing something more . 
  otherwise there would be a much , much bigger storm from that cloud . 
  read the article . 
  both . 
  too many life options avalible makes many people confused about their life . 
  that 's how ? 
  http://yourstdhelp.com/images/aids-graph-transmission.jpg more : http://yourstdhelp.com/world-aids-day.php, 
  how many of those unskilled eu members stay unemployed after getting to uk ? 
  if they find work , it seems their skills are suitable . 
  if you 're worried that they 'd stay unmeployed , then you have to reasons to worry . 
  however , if you 're worried about the cultural identity of the british isles then yes , you do have reasons to be worried . 
  you can have border control while being in the eu . 
  beciouse burglars ` of middle-east cultural background ' that you want instead are much more prettier :( . 
  there must be some advantage , becouse obviously it 's not the number of them  ) ), 
  went through all 7 during last month , that 's the side effect . 
  it 's not that easy with the hypocrisy becouse those two empires were in some parts different . 
  both of them were oppresive , and the irish had a taste of that . 
  but at the same time , british empire spreaded education , fighted deseases of set up foundations for modern like states in places that were pure neolitic . 
  the proportion of the good things that empire brought to the bad things places the british empire in a far brighter light than the russian empire . 
  colonialism itself should n't be a reason of pride for the brits , but there were elements in the empire policy that they can be proud of . 
  the russian colonialism lacks most of those reasons . 
  they should n't be proud about colonialism itself but there are elements in colonialism that brits can be proud of . 
  like spreading education , fighting deseases , setting up foundations for modern-like states . 
  surpsised i am not . 
  overall tax levels were lower during po rules . 
  http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=gov_a_tax_ag&amp;lang=en it 's worth to mention that already taxes in poland belong to the lowest in eu . 
  also measures like doing business or index of economic freedom clearly says that poland was becoming more business friendly in the last years . 
  polish economy is dependent on the prosperity in the european economy , becouse those are the biggest trade partners so if you 're judging ` which goverment was better ' then you have to note that . 
  that 's why 4 % in 2010 in europe is a far more bigger achievment than 6 % in 2006 . 
  that 6 % during pis rule was one of the lowest growths in central-eastern europe , meanwhile that 4 % in 2010 was one of the highest in this geographic context . 
  huge land can be a burden if it has poor geography , a geography that ca n't generate income and at the same time it 's expensive to protect it . 
  and that 's the russian case . 
  it 's far better to be a small island and have 30km to the next town instead of being a huge country that is sparsely populated with vast territories that you ca n't even use in any way . 
  transport costs are extremely high , becouse of time , infrastructure renovation costs and small number of people the products are being sent ( living on square km ) . 
  building infrastructure is hard , first becouse of this fastidious geography , and second , becouse you have to build many miles more of it which costs a lot of more money , and those costs are distributed on smaller number of cizitiens . 
  that 's why russia is economically fucked . 
  if eu is there to stay integrating more , then it 's a geopolitical suicide for uk to leave it . 
  gb would place itself in a place similiar to the one in which taiwan is now . 
  however , if eu will break , then this decision is irrelevant becouse there will be no eu anyway .
