  nature hates futility . 
  europe will start making babies again when the industry ( especially the heavy one ) is going to come back from the far east as the chinese salaries grow and profitability of producing sth there ... decreases . 
  the article says something opposite : * but italy is special . 
  old-age pensions swallow 14 percent of the country 's gross domestic product and 57 percent of all social spending . 
  no other country in europe spends so much on making its past comfortable . 
  * beside that , i was right about the attitude . 
  thank you , good night . 
  it will make anti-immigration parties more popular and it will spread ethinic and religious conflicts around europe . 
  if that 's your goal , fine , you 're going to have your problem fixed . 
  no such thing will work becouse a person is not only a procuder but also a consumer . 
  so less people means less market and that means less sales and that means less jobs . 
  the problem is with ineffective economic solutions and overregulation . 
  more free market is what europe needs but no barroso will tell you that . 
  maybe a generation change in politics would change sth . 
  it 's a maybe becouse lots of young people have a demanding attitude for social benefits and it could stop any reform for years . 
  eurosceptic parties are needed to bring up what should be fixed . 
  singing ode to joy and holding hands in a circle wont get us anywhere . 
  this kind of mirror is really quite useful if you 're willing to hear different opinions . 
  that 's my impression , that 's why i 'm more like to be ` righty ' than ` lefty ' becouse i see more good sides on the right . 
  but to be fair : fanatical idealism with rapid changes in certain circumstances also can make a change for sth better . 
  two examples which occurs in my mind are american revolution and polish solidarity movement . 
  the thing is that those movements did n't actually quite give their followers what they wanted in the first place , but their leaders used the popularity of such movement to do what had to be done to make difference . 
  in many ways with use of contrary solutions . 
  nevertheless , my impression is that usually it leds to more chaos and sometimes slaughter which could have been avoided - and here i 'm pointing towards my last example , the french revolution or the year 1917 . 
  i 'm not a pacifist if you 're asking , there are wars which are mistakes and wars which have a practical sense , i can only speak about a war given as an example . 
  `` wars are needles '' is a statement to general for me . 
  my opinion is based on the historical division when in france the proponents of current status quo ( monarchy ) sat on the right , and social engineers which wanted to rebuild the society under the idea of republic sat on the left . 
  today ofcourse the republic is the base status quo which a hypothetical revolution would demolish . 
  it 's funny how uk and france ended pretty much in the same place , but one has a tradition of stable governments under the crown and another had to have several slaughters and rapid regime changes over xviii and xix century . 
  it depends on who you are . 
  if you 're a left-wing you 're gon na throw national socialists into right to humiliate someone you do n't agree with . 
  it works vice versa as well . 
  generally right is to like order , hierarchy and making small , practical changes , not fanatical in following a chosen idea of any kind . 
  all ideas have some interval when they work and some interval when they do n't , so you can take from one or another but not to build a new society , only to fix some actual issues . 
  just to keep the cash flowing and order on it 's place . 
  left is more likely to implement changes in society by revolution or rapid changes according to a chosen ideology . 
  it does n't accept hierarchy of any kind and tries to redefine society . 
  it 's not easy to cast this on the political scene . 
  ` left ' is something useful when you want to gain power , to push rapid changes on some matter and you naivly think that your solution will do all the job . 
  but then again all parties tend to be more ` right ' in action when they rule long enough . 
  members are getting older , they start to see holes in their ideology , at the end they follow only those aspects which they think are right and throw away the other . 
  they just manage the country . 
  china communist party is a good example . 
  it started as extreme left , but as the years past by , they 're not really following communist ideology all the time , if opening a market seems a good choice , they are likely to do it . 
  well im pretty ` righty ' . 
  but in the traditional meaning of it . 
  today national socialism is called ` right ' and i do n't approve it . 
  anyway i would like to see a pan-european conservatists with free market on their lips behind the wheel instead of barroso-like guys . 
  i would n't like to see the european diversity vanish when we would unite . 
  i do n't see any statistics , so it 's just a gab + political ambitions of few . 
  if the technical civilization wo n't collapse i do n't see any escape from eventually uniting the continent . 
  with technology you 've got extremely fast communication , media unifying the culture and other factors . 
  eventually the last borders will be oceans and vast low populated areas . 
  this wo n't however happen tommorow nor in 200 years , but it will . 
  no comments ? 
  oh , wait , it 's not about usa , it 's about snowden heroic rescuers . 
  and kidney sales . 
  about that gdp . 
  as a nominal factor gdp pc is 2,5 higher than in germany . 
  is it becouse many people from surrounding countries are driving , working or even living in luxembourg ( which has a small population of it 's own ) , pumping their gdp but after that this gdp is divided only by actual citiziens ? 
  so the outcome gdp pc is not making lux citizien as rich as it seems compared to it 's neighbours ( or every other country on this planet ) ? 
  the ussr would not just ` dropped out ' . 
  it would be a pyrrhic victory for germany anyway . 
  i do n't think that they could manage to keep their territory for long after that . 
  you 're also forgetting about the a-bomb , what would hitler do seing that dropped on japan ? 
  probably the same what japan did . 
  the western allies were trying to win with germany using ussr to get both sides weaken . 
  why land with your troops to soon if you can just ... wait and do your small part in africa . 
  i 'm just saying that the western front could have a completely different shape in that scenario . 
  even in this scenario , d-day was originally set in greece/balkans but churchill had n't got enough power to force that idea . 
  germany would lost anyway by many reasons . 
  starting from national socialism which was not effective economically in long term , through a false ideology taking back human relations back to pre-medieval times to a simple fact , that germany had to few people to manage all that `` lebensraum '' . 
  especially with the awful nazi behaviour which automatically creates partisan movements everywhere . 
  but if they 'd defeat ussr before they would implode ? 
  it would be splendid if you ask me . 
  i do n't see any possible scenario that would be worse for my country than this scenario that actually happen , if i would believe in national socialism strenght then there would be such worse scenario ( germany winning permanently ) , but i do n't . 
  iii reich being the bigger evil is truly a west-european point of view . 
  that 's becouse they did n't ever suffer from the so called `` lesser '' evil . 
   every normal person would stop reading there that 's what i did . 
  what about you ? 
  ;-) anyway , i do n't know a single grandpa who would remember ww2 and who would say a one good thing about red army . 
  even polish communists are often sceptical about soviet made `` liberation '' . 
  it depends on the number of errors made by main-stream politicians . 
  if main-stream parties wo n't answer some issues , which are important for people or they will pretend that those problems do not exist and far-right parties will answer them - then their role will increase . 
  as simple as that . 
   is it true that polish nationalists believe they are the masters of the world ? 
  that 's a similiar joke . 
  polish nationalists are wining that poland got it 's ass kicked so badly in the past and nobody cares . 
   sure there are plenty of nutjobs anywhere , but you ca n't make this a solid argument . 
  i 'm not making this an argument . 
  i was just asking about sth i 've heard . 
  is it true that lithuanian nationalists believe in consipracy that russia nad poland want to partition lithuania 's economy together ? 
  if it 's true , they really have some entertaining potential . 
  the map is not complete , 
  ` we ' have the power . 
  france is right now preparing to go to war in central africa against islamists . 
  we do n't always have the political will however to do these things . 
  literal colonialisation means to force own administration and law over somebody . 
  there 's no need fot that , it should be done by creating those institutions for africa and as u said , guidance . 
  africa collapsed after colonialism becouse they did n't had any educated staff in any matter , only a bunch of people who could only maintain simple jobs , white farmers and some black warlords , nobody to run a modern country .
