  how could i , as a foreign observer who does n't know much about french politics knew how bad choice it was , but the french majority did n't . 
  the same mechanism worked here , when pis won . 
  sometimes , democracy is a bitch . 
  i 'm not trolling , i 'm just proving you do n't know shit about anything but you 're still shit-posting bullshit despite having zero knowledge on the topic . 
  you should leave this sub , becouse your posts have no value as you ca n't really support your claims . 
  you said chinese are leading in ` many ' technological fields i asked how many your answer is seven . 
  for me `` seven '' is n't many , but ok , let 's say you define ` many ' as seven . 
  i asked what are those seven fields . 
  you answered about one , pv technology . 
  i asked why do you think that chinese are leading in pv technology ( not to mention that you did n't name the rest ( 6 ) of the technological fields in which chinese are said to lead ) you did n't provide any comparable information ( like for example eroei figures ) that could say why their pv solutions are the best compared with others . 
  ergo : you do n't know shit about anything , you 're too immature to admit it , you should leave this sub becouse we do n't need shit-posters like you !, 
  you 're so funny . 
  so chinese never were selling cheap low quality things in massive numbers ? 
  omg , you really do n't know shit about anything . 
  your knowledge is even smaller than your previous posts has shown . 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  you even did n't consder to compare efficiency of chinese vs others pv solutions . 
  you do n't know shit about anything and you know it deep in your heart but you 're still spitting shit-posts with myths you 're believing in . 
  you ca n't , becouse despite having opinions , you clearly do n't know shit about anything . 
  only one example ? 
  that 's a bad result . 
  i clicked the article , but it does n't show any comparsion to other manufacturers pv efficiency so it has null value in context of my question . 
  so it 's zero examples . 
  even worse . 
  i accept that you ca n't provide a single example of the seven ( which you call ` many ' ) technological fields in which china is leading , i 'll live with that , but how can you :(, 
  only one ? 
  that 's a bad result . 
  besides , how are those manufacturers innovative ? 
  to be a leader of technology you need to be innovative . 
  what are the steps forwad made by those manufacturers in pv technology that makes you sure that china is leading on this technological field ? 
  you only said it 's the largest manufacturer , it 's not what we are talking about . 
  this is what china has been previously , we 're talking about leading in technology , not in selling , i 'm not arguing with that . 
  ok , so you wan na bet that in a year time nothing will change ? 
  i could make a good use of a nice bottle of wine . 
  and then ... nothing happened . 
  name them and tell us why do you think china is leading in those 7 named technological areas . 
  in how many technological areas china is a leader . 
  the new law went to garbage about 3 weeks ago after protests . 
  in real catholic family values families feritility is fine . 
  most polish catholics do n't even know what their faith tells them to believe , even if they go to church , polish faith is strong , but ignorant . 
  low fertility rates in cee countries are caused by the same things as in western europe , just were happening in shorter period of time becouse communism and that 's why the problem in cee is usually deeper . 
  how many ? 
  right now it 's a depopulated detroit but it has a bright future giving the fact of its location in the new highway network . 
  david lynch said about lodzians ` they 've got interesting faces ' but it 's probably not a complement , having in mind , who is this coming from . 
  you 're not even outside of eu and already talking like russia  ), 
  issues with multikulti always start when coverlet is getting short . 
  in fact , it 's rather us waiting for their farage . 
  farage had an impact on where his country goes , trump not yet and probably wo n't . 
  happy national day , mountain germans !, 
  which is not the french case . 
  it depends . 
  for example , in james bond movies , the main villain is intelligent and cunning , but his soldiers were always stupid . 
  there is this kind of movies wth good vs bad , the thing is that for a couple decades other ww2 movies did n't have any attention . 
  i think das boot was the first famous movie that portrayed germans as just people , not some bots with low ai from a 90 's fps game . 
  i have an impression that there are two kinds of turks . 
  those uneducated peasant ones that support turkish nationalism watered with muslim conservatism ( akp has it 's vast support from somewhere ) and those ` european ' educated ones , that want their country to be a normal republic , living in big cities and western shores . 
  it 's something known to me from my own backyard , but on much lesser scale . 
  many turks are giving a lot of reasons ( like this discussed one ) to think this way about turkish people as a whole . 
  look , you 've entered to european collective consciousness as invaders , destroying bysantium ( yeah , personally i know that western european powers have weakened that empire in the first place ) , occupying vast territories in south-eastern europe , with hungary included . 
  visit kunsthistorisches museum in vienna , see those dehumanizing masks portraying turskish people of that time . 
  yes , turks were literally portrayed as monsters . 
  i 'm sorry to say that , but the way the turks were portrayed back then is something that turkey earned . 
  since then a lot of work was done to change that and you ca n't compare those movies to those masks from 300-500 years ago becouse the difference is huge . 
  and there were further steps made after the 70 's as well . 
  i think the peak was in the 90 's . 
  when i grew up , turkey was just a normal place were people go for holidays with rather nice people and nobody really cared about history , nobody has seen turks as monsters . 
  most people had positive connotations with sand , sun , monuments and medirerranean chill . 
  but under erdogan turkey is making a huge step back in the image of the country and those nationalistic , immature turks are not helping . 
  a positive image is something you work for , not something that is given to you . 
  a big , loud , official , continuous `` we are sorry for the genocide '' to the armenian people would certainly reverse this negative and destructive trend but i do n't believe it will happen . 
  why ? 
  in my opinion it 's becouse turkey is afraid of loosing the legitimacy of controlling its eastern territories in the longterm . 
  in my opinion , london being a springboard to imperial and later on european markets was a huge argument for irish or scots to be part of uk . 
  well , ww2 movies from 50 's and 60 's and even later are portraying german soldiers as completely stupid , yelling , runnig around and falling for the most banal traps of the good guys . 
  why do you think this movie will demonize turks ? 
  now i know about the movie !, 
  maybe you 're listening to wrong music ? 
  that pretty much sums it . 
  i accept and support working between our countries . 
  i just think this unclosed case makes it harder . 
  it certainly is a good step . 
  it 's sweeping the problem under the carpet . 
  france wants to pretend that there are n't so many muslims as in reality there are in france , so right-wingers are n't triggered and their civil war starts 4 years later . 
  oh , the horror ... 
  there are differences among christians but on some things they all agree , and the concept of sin is one of them . 
  it does n't matter if it 's a person or ideology , the point is you 're believing in anything just becouse someone says so , even if what he says is in contradiction with reality . 
  lol , that just plain stupid . 
  christian is someone following christian teachings , it does n't matter what one things about himself . 
  if i tell you i 'm a reincarnation of napoleon , you 're going to call me napoleon just becouse i believe i 'm him ? 
  i do n't know, 
  i do n't mind if someone is not practising christianity but something else , but do n't call this person a radical christian in this case . 
  christianity is not about hating people , but their sins . 
  so it is n't about ` belgian houses ' ? 
  they do compare to warsaw a lot . 
  obviously when we 're talking about modern cities , we 're talking about their metropolitan areas which are de facto their districts in every , but the formal sense . 
  la defence is 4,5 km away from the arc de triomphe , the place from the photograph is 2km away from old city square . 
  this is comparable and the reasons for both locations were the same - enough of free space as close as possible . 
  obviously , it was much easier to find a lot of free space in a city which historical architecture was mostly razed to the ground and ca n't be rebuilded becouse lack of data . 
  the idea of building classical architecture has been globally burried under the concrete of modernism ( with an exception when you want to fill a gap in a historical architecture context somewhere ) , but the dead body is slowly rising . 
  i like both .
