  it goes in pairs becouse the volhyn issue is seen as swept under the carpet by our authorities not to hurt relations with ukraine , so russia gains popularity points on this . 
  i see it different . 
  lenin destroyed russia and post-revolution russia was n't invited to versailles talks so their interests were n't represented enough . 
  the implosion of russia and the whole sitation created a room for polish and baltic sovereignity . 
  this situation also made it possible to run ukranian upr . 
  it was a short episode , but better than nothing and nothing it would be under tsarist russia , for poland , baltics and ukraine despite the bolshevick invasion soon after . 
  you 're deliberately taking it to extremes which is a completely distorted picture . 
  i could say about your logic a similiar thing , that turks should stop eating anything but kebabs . 
  no , no , i wo n't play your game . 
  it 's simply about cultural exchange and eating both , it 's about not being locked in your mental ghetto . 
  locking in those ghettos is pretty much always mentioned in discussions about troubles connected with present multiculturalism as one of the main problems to be solved , so it seems it 's you that have been in that cave for a while . 
  if russia would be still tsarist in 1918 , you do n't know how would the war end . 
  besides - in this case russia would surely be invited to versailles and the after-war order could look completely different . 
  denying that post-war order along with anti-communsit rhetoric was what made hitler popular so you could as well say that no lenin -  no hitler . 
  writing alternative history is not a way to make any conclusions , there 's to many variables . 
  you did n't get it . 
  i do n't affirm discrimination on the basis of the factors that were by the way put in a question , not a statement . 
  i just understand why those so called natives will/are acting that way if those factors do occur . 
   we live in a highly globalized world where it should n't matter what flag he feels represented by and what his ethnicity is . 
  i already pointed what 's the point with the flag so i 'm beginning to wonder if you can read & understand . 
   said the guy who sounds like a 12 year-old edgy neo-nazi . 
  none of those things that i 've said are part of the nazi ideology so stop retarded labeling . 
   he feels represented by the flag , it 's not your issue . 
  people use flags they feel represented why . 
  so if he gets robbed on a street , he 'll ask turkish officials to do something about it ? 
  fine . 
  if someone is waving a flag , then it 's for others to see , therefore it 's my issue , an issue of curiosity why someone who spend his entire life in sweden feels more attached to a country he 's hardly ever been to . 
  i can ask him whenever i like to about that . 
  he may refuse to answer . 
  your opinion on that is however irrelevant . 
   he pays taxes , and that 's everything he has to give back . 
  in general terms he has to obey the law , and that means having to do military duty in some cases/situations . 
  it 's enough to be tolerated , but alienating from the society wo n't help stoping the natives from looking down on him . 
   how the fuck did you interpret this out of him using a flag he feels represented by it 's a question , not a statement , i 've explained that already , so you really have an issue with understanding written text if you still repeat the same remarks that have been already adressed . 
   why the fuck would you care if the guy fucks a turkish woman or a swedish woman , if the guy watches a turkish show or a swedish show , if the guy supports galatasaray or malm\u00f6 ? 
  my answer on this is not important , but it 's he that should care . 
  the less the natives meet their immigrant neighbours , the more they learn about them from tv and that picture is not always shiny . 
  paying taxes and obeying the law is maybe enough to be ok with the state institutions , but it 's the society those people are dealing with . 
  groups that alienate themselves from the larger group ( just when the larger group is being bombed with sometimes disturbing pictures about that smaller group ) are naturally treated with a dose of mistrust . 
  not by the state , but by their neighbours . 
  if you ca n't understand this simple fact then you really are a mental child . 
  and what precisely is this backwarded ideology ? 
  anyway , whatever that is , i refuse your request becouse i do n't care . 
  are you all really that stupid to think that i 'm judging someone on the basis of his reddit flag ? 
  let me explain this for you dear child . 
  the point is that he may not be attached to the country he 's living in for his entire life . 
  the flag issue should just make him think if he or his turkish friends show any attachment to the place that gave them so much ( in their entire life ) . 
  maybe on their everyday basis they 're feeling a big distance between them and the sweden society and if they feel that way , then they 're probably showing it as well . 
  the flag is just a small irrelevant symptom but if those people hang out only within their ethnic limits , watch only turkish tv and so on , then it 's completely and utterly natural , that the natives look down on them . 
  nobody likes people that alienate themselves but the main issue is that the less they have in common with those people day after day/work/bar / anything , then those disturbing pictures from media will and are becoming more and more present in their mindsets . 
  bush also had over 80 % after 9/11 . 
  people tend to unite with their leader when they feel endangered . 
  and russians really are brainwashed to that point , that they truly believe that someone wants to invade them . 
  i wonder what will happen in russia when this nationalistic amuck ends . 
  if oil prices wo n't rise soon over 90 $ then russia will have to start ... producing something and after those nearly 2 years i do n't see any actions made by the russian gov towards that transformation . 
  if that 's your case - why do you have a turkish flag instead of swedish ? 
  maybe , just maybe that 'll give you a clue why the natives look down on you . 
  i guess not ... 
  yeah , but it had a working immunological system back then . 
  are n't those arabs part of the swedish society ? 
  they do n't care about those rules . 
  they want sharia . 
  well before maidan ukraine had a pro-kremlin president and was supposed to join the eaeu . 
  we have a very far situation from that today and i doubt that the current situation satisfies moscow . 
  on one side there are people ready to kill and murder in the name of their tradition lifted to an ideology . 
  on the other side there are people that are throwing their tradition into trash , constantly being sorry for what they did n't even do , people that can hardly say anything about their own tradition , becouse they do n't even know it ( people these times believe that christianity is about doing good things and going to heaven in reward , really ! ) . 
  and if they do say something good about it , it happens only after a huge wave of jabbering that ` well i 'm an atheist - ofcouuuursssee - but christianity is a lesser evil ' . 
  pathetic . 
  the winner is obvious . 
  i truly understand why so many muslim people hate the west and i do n't blame them . 
  western people , spitting on their tradidtion all the time , just do n't deserve to have their world preserved . 
  `` native '' french people are tolerant . 
  the muslim community in france is what the jewish people are afraid of . 
  at some point immigrants will turn those wealthy places into such shitholes that they wo n't be attractive for more immigrants . 
  that 's a global thing . 
  your growth agument has null value . 
  you should compare polish growth with other countries in the region , especially the post-communist ones to make any coclusions , to tell if 7 % during that time in these conditions was a lot or not . 
  polish economy is n't separated from regional/global prosperity conditions . 
  a 7 % growth can be the lowest in the region in one decade , a 2 % can be the fastest in another . 
  in other words , if you use statistics , try at least to learn how to use and interpret them , otherwise you 'll use them in a stupid way , like you just did . 
  is that clear ? 
  you should really learn to be tolerant of different opinions . 
  you should really learn to be tolerant of different opinions . 
  it will make you less blind and less angry, 
  having a different opinion about your joke is not trolling . 
  you should learn that people can have different opinions with you do n't have to agree . 
  that 's not a case for name calling . 
  do n't be so short . 
  you made a joke , publicly . 
  i have a full right to have an opinion about it . 
  what are you , like 13 or something ? 
  did n't know that belgian humour is even worse than german . 
  you 're sooo completely and utterly wrong . 
  rt is for foreigners ears and eyes and has many , many , many , many , many , many , many followers . 
  just look around on youtube . 
  yeah , suck those brains out of that place !, 
  this is a lie . 
  muslim fundamentalism is far , far , far , far , far more popular along muslims ( usually about 20 % -60 % , depends on country ) than christian fundamentalism is popular along christians that is why he has a right to make this generalization and you ca n't do that with christians if you respect the facts . 
  a completely another thing is that fundamentalism in both of those religions looks completely different and that the muslim one is far , far more dangerous . 
  by which measure do you judge which cuisine is the best ?
