  this is no joke . 
  most of people with tatar heritage are just normal poles today , usually catholic or secular , they often just got characteristic surnames . 
  they 're not seen as ethnic minority becouse there 's absolutely no reason to see them this way . 
  even the leader of our most right-wing group in the parliament , pawe\u0142 kukiz had tatar grand-parents . 
  no , poland and hungary are simply learning on western europe 's mistakes . 
  they do n't see any advantages of having large groups of muslims inside their countries after seeing how is it changing western europe , on the contrary , they see a lot of disadvantages of this situation and therefore they do n't see why they shoud commit the same , stupid mistakes . 
  an honet good luck with your muslims , western europe , i 'm very glad that we do n't have this problem . 
  it 's all relative , it depends on your worldview and where your `` centre '' lies . 
  there are no universal characteristics of left or right . 
  countries like spain or france had to deal with islam too , few centuries earlier . 
  maybe it 's western europe 's time again . 
  alt-right happened becouse normal right-wing parties did n't react to these issues , they down-played them or just they were pretending ( even in their own eyes ) that people do n't care about immigration . 
  nobody expected that from left-wing parties . 
  in general sense it might be true , however data would probably show that distances between those two groups are much more blurry . 
  dunno , what does the data say about all those cases ? 
  why ? 
  there 's no such implication . 
  it leads to somewhere , but it 's not a nice place . 
  so what ? 
  it 's the ruling class job to realise how this works and react to this . 
  meanwhile they thought people will be forever greatful for what they already did which is utter nonsense if you know anything about people but they believed it . 
  eurocracts lost their touch with reality , it 's been the last year when they started to realise the mental bubble they were living in , that 's why it 's now when we 're observing some life and new ideas coming from their chambers which is a proof that a sort of acceptance of reality has finally occured in their minds . 
  the fact that pro-eu forces start to do anything about them losing the grip so fucking late while ignoring eurosceptic voices for a good decade is a proof that the eurosceptics blaming eurocrats that they 're out of the touch with reality were right on this . 
  you 're wrong , i think you 're being to emotional about this which leads you to these errors . 
  donald trump has changed his mind during the campaign , for example about nato , but not only . 
  the amount of things he changed his mind on during and soon after campaign is - wait for it - huuuugeee . 
  of course , we ca n't know nothing for sure , but right now we can as well say , that he had a pro-russian stance before he became president and therefore started to have access to all kinds of data , from classified documentation to geopolitical analysis . 
  after he gained this access he migh ' t change his mind on many issues . 
  this is n't extraordinary for a politician , if this is the case . 
  yes , however i see a contradiction in your thinking . 
  you propose to move nato forces from cee to de-escalate russian behaviour while at the same time you propose creating an eu army which would be recieved as far more threatening in russia than ( as you noticed ) symbolic nato presence in the region . 
  russia ca n't allow for an integrated , federalised eu with a common army to happen and these two would be pretty much destined to start a war ( at least a cold one ) becouse two geopolitical powers never get a long if there 's no buffer states between them . 
  there 's no space for two as big powers , the eu will continue to be an economic block only , or the eu will desintegrate , or russia will become a regular country giving up on their imperial , geopolitical dreams or there 's war . 
  as i generally agree , i think you 're wrong on the baltics . 
  baltics are pretty much indefensible if the war actually starts as long as belarus is possibly on the russian side . 
  it would take 3-4 weeks for us to bring the machinery that could operate on the baltic , while russia would close the only land passage , the suwalki gap in the few first hours , baltics are taken in couple days and the ports are blocked so you could n't support them even with leaflets . 
  belarus being on the western side however changes everything when it comes to securing the baltics in practise . 
  right now they have a full right to feel threatened becouse there 's no way that nato can protect them in a case of war , they ( we ) can only protect them by preventing that the war starts . 
  okay . 
  you 're not completely right . 
  you are right on russian capabilities to invade europe , but you 're missing an important point . 
  that weak , destabilised russia is as well dangerous and that eventual russian breakdown would end in destabilisation of the cee region at least , if not further . 
  a weak russia is also a threat to the european security , also becouse it has a tendency to act aggressively in such times . 
  yes . 
  trump is n't some kind of russian agent . 
  russia supported trump to undermine american leadership among thier partners with a weak leader like that and to keep america more busy with internal issues . 
  however some try to suggest that vladimir putin is the actual president of the usa . 
  maybe i was n't clear on that . 
  i 'm not living in france , but a chunk of my cousins , uncles and aunts are  . 
  their parents were forced by nazi germany to work in western germany and after ww2 when the cold war started they decided to stay in western europe and few other family members joined them . 
  and no , they were n't discriminated , mostly becouse they did n't cause any trouble . 
  they were just normal people having their normal lifes . 
  my uncle 's _ totally _ french wife is even working on integrating immigrants in the so called bad neighbourhoods near the city of paris and she 's full of horrifying stories . 
  but my world view is based on statistics , having islam spreading in the country is a step back in my opinion . 
  i do n't see a country , maybe except countries that were dominated by some folk-religions where it would be a step forward . 
  islam has a magical power of moving civilisation elsewhere ( if there was some ) and bringing misery instead . 
  of course , i was just playing around with that post , 
  wow , did n't know they were actually that good . 
  well , of course , germany had during most of it 's history an unique way of integrating people , basically giving each person three options : 1 ) you will become german 2 ) you will leave 3 ) we will kill you but france however ? 
  in the us , hillary clinton won the popular vote , just like the polls said . 
  why ? 
  polls were quite accurate , both on brexit and on us elections . 
  the difference was about few percenteges in both cases . 
   so you 're saying that muslims in france should not assimilate to french society ? 
  no , i think they should , i just think they wo n't do it  . 
  what now ? 
  yes , partly . 
  three ethnic groups that do n't trust each other but it seems you missed something , let 's get things into order . 
  since erdogan ( and even earlier ) turkey is again meddling in bosnia ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/apr/02/bosnia-turkey-ottoman-influence-balkans-sarajevo ) , serbia is reacting to that with their support for srpska republic and here we are again . 
  it was n't the other way around this time . 
  nobody is restricting fillon , macron or other candidates from addressing these issues as well . 
  the whole reason why there is a danger of le pen winning is becouse the mainstream parties did n't picked up this topic or becouse they constantly were downplaying it . 
  it 's not unfair competition , as long as it 's legal , it 's simply offfering lower prices . 
  i know that french are really obsessed with trying to build their unproductive , protectionist welfare state and that then they 're for some reason suddenly surprised that the economy is doing badly , but this is really nothing more than `` they took our jerbs '' mentality . 
  poles are n't guilty here , people who hire them are if anyone is , becouse offering lower prices for the job is n't unfair competition , it 's just you , being unable to accept that prosperity on given market is n't a constant value in time . 
  you 're answering my comment with imaginary issues , while as what 's happening in parisian suburbs is real , causing a gradual destabilisation of your state and growing costs for the taxpayer . 
  my family is living in france since ww2 . 
  today they do n't differ from an average `` classic '' french in any way , they 're just normal citiziens having normal jobs . 
  the third generation does n't even speak polish . 
  compare this with these rioting people . 
  i said why not in my post . 
  i 've noticed . 
  this is absurd . 
  there 's nothing wrong in offering lower prices . 
  just do n't pay them if you think it 's wrong . 
  if someone is guilty here it 's your companies , choosing them over you , however bitching about someone doing it 's job cheaper and better than you is really low . 
  somehow , i 'm not surprised about this low class `` they took our jerbs '' mentality that you decided to show . 
  you probably did n't even asked yourself : `` is my work worth that much money ? '', 
  no - it is n't . 
  deal with it , alone . 
  it depends if this ebc would cover issues important for people , like immigration , economy , foreign policy or it would be just downplaying everything that 's problemtaic for the eu and showing those stupid blue baloons with stars moving all over the screen instead and repeating how eu is great despite all those multiple things that annoy us . 
  it would n't even be the case of something being biased and untrue , but booooriiing in the first place . 
  the liberal bias i just like the populist bias , boring and predictable . 
  it has n't ? 
  what were the numbers for air quality in the 80 's for cracow ? 
  some people are naming all kinds of laws of nature , from sociology , biology , to physics and mathematics as god ( when they observe them in action ) , not even knowing it . 
  it 's a semi-poetic way of interpreting the reality , adding extra-meaning to ordinary things . 
  it does n't have to be an alternative dream-reality approach like many atheists think ( they think that this is the only religious approach there is ) , that 's why some scientists are believing in god . 
  you both are looking at the same things , but you 're naming it with different terminology which creates a different picture of what you 're actually seeing . 
  yes , that means that in a way , you 're a theist and tbh the more i know about human mind and religion the border between theism and atheism is becoming more and more blurry .
