  you have outdated data . 
  you ca n't really support your opinion with facts . 
  i really knew that from the beginning to be honest . 
  now you 're emotional . 
  why are you trying to offend me over and over again ? 
  you seem to be a very emotional person . 
  did i hurt your feelings ? 
  is so , excuse me , that was n't my intention . 
  you seem to care . 
  so , the british are making the jokes , the french are the ones feeling disgruntled and offended about it . 
  seems right in this case . 
  strange times , when 2,7 % is considered as an accomplishment . 
  public opinion got used to these low growths and sees it as ` normal ' . 
  the fact that we 're happy , that someone goes up by 2,7 % is pathethic . 
  2,7 % is just tolerable . 
  what kind of brits are leaving ? 
  educated ones to seek career elsewhere , elderly to die in canada or is it something else ? 
  why ? 
  it 's not about ego , it 's about geopolitics . 
  uk has a choice , so they demand more and offer less , they do n't have to value loyality , so they 're not loyal . 
  british loyality is a well known oxymoron in europe and it has reasons in geography . 
  if i were british , maybe i 'd choose anglosphere instead of eu myself . 
  however this transistion will of course be very costly . 
  why ? 
  intermarium or getting fucked it is ... 
  during last decades , the number of catholics was always bigger than the number of protestants or is it a fresh change , like in netherlands that became more catholic than protestant few years ago ? 
  the orthodox citiziens - are they russians/ukrainians or germans with eastern european roots ? 
  germany , uk , france and italy can still be in the game without eu . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
  this is n't anybody 's work . 
  it 's geography pushing people towards decisions . 
  polish minority is paying taxes , so it is subsidising the irish education system . 
  nobody is asking to give up `` its sovereignty '' on key policy decisions like education . 
  your post has no sense . 
  this is not an exaggeration . 
  this is the reason why turkey will never become part of eu . 
  at least not when their population is so big . 
  `` traditionally '' france was pro-russian becouse there were no countries between germany and russia and russia was balancing germany . 
  france as one of the eu leaders has different geopolitics . 
   disappointed why ? 
  he seems to be a reasonable man and the best one , french right could choose . 
  if he wins , i hope he will pass his economic ideas , france needs it and europe needs france to get out of its economic stagnation . 
  he 's also answering issues that made le pen popular , but in more reasonable way , so it 's the best man to beat her . 
  it 's the proper answer to rising populism . 
  i honesly do n't care about dv , do n't worry , 
  you people are digging your own grave . 
  well , at first i thought so , but then it seemed a stupid thing to say after our involvement in iraq , afganistan , kongo , gabon , central africa , bosnia , kosovo , pretty much all former yugoslavia , albania , liban , kuwait , saudi arabia ( during desert storm ) and chad . 
  i 'm listing places , where we sent 100 + soldiers since the beginning of 90 's . 
  still do n't get it . 
  sorry , it seems i 'm slow today . 
  why not ? 
  this decision would be popular among citiziens . 
  christianity is a lot better than islam . 
  most successful countries are christian or post-christian , while there 's hardly any muslim successful country , except maybe for some micro-states or few places popular among tourists . 
  this says a lot about values that each religion is spreading . 
   foreign fascist leader rotfl . 
  agree , however i did n't say anything about eu . 
  only formally they can get rid of scottish parliament . 
  there are also other factors , like political costs of such decision . 
  best cities average cities !, 
  i 'm sorry , but ukraine will be probably ( and baltics maybe ) sold , for russian support against china . 
  this is sad , but somebody had to say this . 
   nobody wants to say it . 
  this is where i do n't agree with you . 
  these vocies were pretty loud in last decade , and louder with every year . 
  and even before , there were people , some populists , some not , who said it . 
  for example pim fortuyn or oriana fallaci . 
  it 's not all of it , but a large part , yes . 
  i 'm even surprised that you have to call for being open about it . 
  it 's a known issue dividing europe since at least 2 years and nobody really has a problem talking about this . 
  however , nobody 's really cares about their skin colour , but their ideology . 
  well , we had a far-right guy openly offending a tranny on live tv show and she splashed him with water in return , so ... 
  what a great sub , thank you, 
  yes it does after a certain number is reached . 
  it was also a deciding factor on pis winning the elections in poland . 
  all that mainstream parties in europe had to do , is just admit and adress the problem , but nah , that would be racist . 
  honestly , when i was 14 ( it was a long time ago ) i knew that we 'll be in this point today by just looking on immigration statistics in europe and then looking at fertility statistics . 
  how come old gray-haired men could n't know that ? 
  not much . 
  he does n't really have a political position of his own so he 's doing what he 's told . 
  this was given to him becouse he 's the only person in pis that has a smile that is n't scary . 
  surname suggest that he 's polish of ukrainian descent . 
  well , he asked for it . 
  even he was right , he could choose different words for it . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not sure if i do n't understand something and there 's some kind of plan that i did n't figure out yet , or is it just crazy , what he 's doing . 
  it really looks like he does n't know what he 's doing , but on the other hand i 'm just a layman . 
  red borscht with croquet is great . 
  https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/croquettes-red-borscht-christmas-eve-sauerkraut-mushroom-filling-supper-60514760.jpg borscht alone or with that poor egg inside sucks . 
  this has far more implications than just loss of trust in the asiatic rim . 
  this is also a worrying sign for european partners . 
  and it 's him who was said to stand up against china . 
  this characteristics is more accurate for protesting alter-globalists . 
  populism - yeah . 
  authoritarian - not yet . 
  what ? 
  rotfl . 
  hey , if you do n't want to be competetitive , that 's fine , but do n't tell others what to do . 
  yeah , those evil globalists ... this is fun , 
  you 're reducing hitler as a historical figure the way you like to make a comparsion you like .
