  and most european countries stopped penalising same-sex sexual activity in 60 's -90 's . 
  it 's okay . 
  my point is just that russians are pretty much mixed with all those tribes they 've permanently conquered or were conquered by ( the mongols ) . 
  no , my context is n't saying that at all and i was n't the person that had set the context in the first place . 
  you really need to improve your skills in understanding written text . 
  as i said before , you 're blaming others for your obvious incompetence , if not stupidity . 
  read whole threads next time if you do n't want to look as stupid as you look now . 
  no , i 'm not saying it like that , you need to learn how to understand a sentence set in a context which was :  for example a substantial if not majority part of northern russian genetics is of baltic and finnic origin . 
  russia is simply a slavic empire that enforced its language on the conquered peoples and tribes , they then gradually became the russian people contrary to their will . 
  it 's not about the baltic states at all . 
  you 're just blaming others for your incompetence . 
  or yours , 
  i 'm talking about russian baltics and russian finno-ugric . 
  his mother died when germans bombed their house in warsaw during the warsaw uprising , it 's the germans who created him the way he is :p . 
  that 's simplyfing things to a point where it 's not completely true . 
  first of all , those baltic and finnic originated people have today slavic roots as well . 
  second , slavic russians are full of mongol and other asiatic roots as well . 
  this does n't really matter today . 
  the self-identification of a person is n't based on genetics . 
  russians like to shout , they 're an island of good old values in the sea of demoralisation . 
  the fact is , that it 's the russian nation that 's demoralised . 
  you can clearly see it when you compare statistics like murders rates , suicide rates , bulglaries rates , other crime rates , divorce rates , drug use rates , alcoholism rates or even work efficiency rates or corruption rates . 
  russia is a moral mess , compared to the west . 
  they even had corruption officially institutionalised once . 
  ussr destroyed the original russian culture if you ask me . 
  the best artists ussr had were still raised in tsarist russia or were raised in families with artistic tratidions reaching tsarist times like tarkovsky . 
  after that it was only worse . 
  maybe italy ... the rest of the continent started to develop rapidly in medieval times after stagnation in late antique . 
  our communist party was n't even brave enough to call itself communist during communism . 
  it gives a quick glance on who 's who . 
  a large chunk of reasons why protestantism happened is becouse pures wanted to be pure to the levels , that the cc did n't allow them for their own good . 
  why would macron voters care if he 's gay ? 
  to scare off fillon voters in the second round ? 
  it seems to be an effort not worth the cost . 
  it 's the same here . 
  the baby-boom generation was the generation raised when the left-wing ideas were n't so worn off as today and were seen as a cure for tragedies of the past . 
  the further we are from ww2 , after which these ideas were peaking in popularity , the more mistakes are counted on their account during the time , the less people are attached to it . 
  the anglo-sax world was had smarter leadership most of the time , more conservative ( in the good sesne that means evolution , not revolution , also - more practical ) compared to contiental europe where politicians were more often trying to implement their version of `` the world you 're dreaming about '' with costly social experiments . 
  when change is done with `` revolutions '' , then the pendulum swings further and after that is swings further back and to me , the left-right divide in the continental europe is usually much bigger than in anglosphere . 
  i agree . 
  during our last presidential election the po candidate was over 10-15 % ahead of the pis candidate and everything changed in the last few weeks before actual elections , and especially after i round , when the populist candidate had been given with 20 % support and ended third . 
  after that , the pis candidate was much more dexterous in playing on those emotions , grabbing those populist votes . 
  that 's why i do n't believe all those `` there 's no way le pen would win in second round '' voices . 
  this scenario is n't likely to happen , but it 's possible . 
  what 's good about pretending ? 
  who 's we ? 
  is it possible that depending on voting results in each county , parts of ni could join ireland and parts of it would stay with uk ? 
  they stopped napoleon . 
  that 's the point :( . 
  truth hurts . 
  why they built that awful glassy thing in this place ? 
  it reminds me the worst examples of `` reactional '' architecture that was built around here in the 90 's after communism ended when people went crazy about finally being able to build whatever they wanted to , while not having any taste . 
  you said it as a sarcasm but it 's true . 
  if not britain , europe would have developed a geopolitical core on the western-european plains which would then dominate the continent , just like china dominated east asia . 
  britain always acted against any possible german-french union becouse they are afraid to be sitting next to a superpower . 
  if the citiziens of this state would have been happy , it 's a different case . 
  they were considered people only in spanish , portugese and to some point french colonies back then . 
  it 's no surprise that in north america the local variation of creoles is n't demographically dominating the place . 
  it 's similiar to how freedom of press is measured . 
  it 's just a poll . 
  well , most poles would respond to this with `` thanks for nothing , uk '' or `` thanks for selling us to stalin in yalta , traitors '' , i noticed that brits like to idealize their policies , that they skip or down-play the hard ( for someone else of course ) part and that they lack any knowledge about how their policy is often negatively viewed on the continent as selfish and perfidious . 
  i noticed that many brits does n't realise that other historical points of view even exist , for example that in many countries napoleon is seen as a hero while for english it 's a villain . 
  the point is ... you can paste many other examples when britain was on the right side of the history , but he used a pretty strong quantifier . 
   ** always ** in the right side of history therefore , you 're making a fool of yourself , becouse there are two options . 
  you 're idealizing your country to a point when you ca n't believe your country has been doing bad things ( or you 're downplaying it ) or you just simply do n't posses this knowledge at all . 
  what has that to do with anything ? 
  my statement is n't ridiculous . 
  well , canada is going to be fine as long as she 's doing what she 's told , following her big brother 's status quo . 
  and i agree , this is the rational thing to do in their position which profits them vastly . 
  i do n't know about you however . 
   i think you 're considering globalization purely on the transfer of manufactured goods side which is such a small part of it despite the mountains we make of it . 
  it 's the biggest part of globalisation , it 's the transmitting core of globalisation and the reason why certain people have the will to keep it working which is n't something provided for free . 
  keeping up communication lines , maintaining the freedom to sail , maintaining the crucial infrastucture , from roads , ports , airports , raliways costs a lot of money and without that globalisation would instantly fall apart . 
  the rest is just add-ons , even if they seem to be more attractive to you personally . 
  what would be the motivation to keep all the infrastructure needed for globalisation to happen if there 's no profit from it . 
  there 's no such motivation . 
  that 's why if global trade fades , globalisation fades . 
  and i would expect global trade to fade after automatisation kicks in for good . 
   always in the right side of history rotfl . 
  one has to be completely blind to say something that absurd about the uk . 
  that 's why i said the end of globalisation as we know it today , not in general . 
  there always will be some global trade , but i doubt that it will be as prosperous as today . 
  if robots are producing everything and you need just few people to maintain them , then the cost of delievering a product is more dependent on getting the materials ( as you noticed ) and transport costs ( which could be in large part avoided ) . 
  also , these smaller entities does n't have to be based on the xix concept of a nation . 
  i did n't say those smaller entities would be a direct continuation of our current nation states . 
  new ideas , like the eu once was , can be also brought on smaller , geographic scale . 
  we 're at a cultural change , caused by technology and instant communication , we ca n't know where will it lead us and we ca n't know how will it influence politics , but i 'm sure , next generation will have next ideas on how to shape their communities . 
  who said i 'm okay with what nature does ? 
  it just does , we can just make our societies more effective if we want to be around as those societies in few centuries ahead or we will be gone and it does n't matter if someone feels ok with it or not . 
  and war machines are n't to effective , economically in long-term so it is n't a good example if you tried to prove something . 
  iii reich had bad fiscal situation even before the war and it was rather doomed from the beginning if it would continue to shape the way it works under that false ideology , which it did . 
  we had it too https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_beer-lovers%27_party it was a local thing back then to have one of these ... 
  automation will in my opinion end globalisation as we know today . 
  there 's no reason to hire a robot in china , if you can hire it where your markets are . 
  end if globalisation ends ... there 's few reasons less to form big blocks of countries , the game is becoming more local . 
  and ? 
  yersinia pestis were very effective , were n't they . 
  nobody said invisible hand of nature will guide everybody to happiness , you 're overinterpreting at least , if it is n't straw man error yet . 
  on a social level , people have needs and they want to spend the least money & time & effort to get as much of them as they can . 
  and uneffective solutions will be left behind .
