  religions are going up , europe is an exception . 
  1/24 of sunday . 
  gdansk was n't polish back then . 
  it was about the corridor , a geopoltical conflict between germany and poland that was solved by ... stalin who deleted eastern prussia . 
  germany did n't invade switzerland becouse every swiss has an armory in his home and it would be to costly . 
  sweden is in geopolitical terms on an island ( shared with norway ) and it 's ignorant to think that it does n't give advantage to your security . 
  good to hear that . 
  actually it was after the revolution , during bourbon restoration . 
  i think you 've already answered yourself in the brackets . 
  no , it is you that should learn a lot and have holes in knowledge . 
  i 'm just following pure statistical data and you ca n't understand that your personal experience based on talk with people on your uni has no value when trying to extrapolate in on the whole population of the southern states becouse your family and friends are not a representative statistical population probe . 
  with your insolet goodbye you 've described your own person and this is for you to buy ( mandatory , boy !, 
  ) : http://d.gr-assets.com/books/1348131404l/168871.jpg, 
  you 're talking about it with your university friends and family , not with the lady in your grocery or the farm guy you 're passing while driving . 
  our personal , local , everyday environment is not a representative probe to make coclusion on the whole local population . 
  your personal experience is not an objective measure becouse it 's narrowed to people just around you in school , work and neighbourhood . 
  it 's the basic of statistics that firstly , the population probe has to reflect the shape of the society . 
  and i 'm not obsessed , i just read data . 
  you do n't know that becouse you did n't ask 100 % of people you met what do they think on evolution and university students are not a representative probe to make a claim for the whole population . 
  i 've found the map . 
  the question they were asked was ` do you believe the theory of evolution ? ', 
  here 's the map i wanted to show http://chartsbin.com/view/25116 and there 's a link explaining the methodology . 
  detroit nor chicago is n't in the u.s. south and i 've heard about the satan statue . 
  the information you have does n't contradict anything i have said . 
  you do n't know if you met a creationist , it 's not a sect that tells people to burn ` creationism ' on their foreheads and you did n't ask every person you met what do they think on evolution so you ca n't really know if you met one or not . 
  creationists are normal people , they just do n't believe science . 
  this is n't an objective measure becouse the population you 're asking is not representative as it consists mostly your own friends and it 's probably geographically narrowed . 
  however , you 're maybe right about overexaggeration in european media . 
  hey , i 'm not criticizing it . 
  you ai n't got time to plan your next murder if you 're busy playing , and when you 're out , you can sell your mmo characters and live like a king . 
  and after that sentenced to play playstation for the rest of his life . 
  china wants to control waters near malacca , and after they have that , they want to control the malacca passage itself . 
  and what does it mean to control malacca ? 
  just have a look here : https://www.shipmap.org/, 
  i do n't get this stereotype of a cowardly french . 
  ww2 ended over 70 years ago and today it 's france that usually comes with an military initiative among european states . 
  and usually i like it . 
  if turks support him it seems that the efforts made to make a modern country of turkey are wasted . 
  we wo n't understand each other . 
  nt is saying homosexual act is a sin , but then again , i do n't consider teaching that as an act of religious fundamentalism where you probably do . 
  all extramarital sexual acts will always be considered as a sin by pretty much every christian group , with probably some single modernist exceptions . 
  however i do n't consider this as being progressive . 
  sorry , to be clear , it 's of course true that homosexuality as an sexual act ( not homosexuality itself ) is a sin in the catholic church doctrine ( as every extramarital sexual act ) , i 'm not arguing with that nor judging if it 's right of as well as in old testament , the topic is just not mentioned as often , and it 's approached with different language considering that nt was written to people living in different times , this is what i 've had in mind . 
  which is still a lot more than they 'd get in new england or cali . 
  i did n't say it 's a majority . 
  i could paste a map showing how popular is belief in evolution among us states . 
  evolution according to that map was opposed mostly in the same states that baptists or methodists dominate . 
  texas is among them http://maps.unomaha.edu/peterson/geog1000/maplinks/religionmaps_files/churchbodies.gif however i ca n't find that map right now . 
  there are such people , for example , terlikowski , but yes , this is really rare around here . 
  ** reading bible literally is almost like trying to read egyptian hieroglyphs without knowledge on egyptian language , history and custom . 
  ** hieroglyphs as well as the bible are also stories written in a symbolic language that could be understood by a wide range of people living in ancient mediterranean region . 
  when a story says about one god being beaten by another a typical ignorant with a literal approach will only get that some god got beaten by the other one . 
  a crap , shitty , untrue fairy tale for stupid ancient uneducated egyptians , right ? 
  but what actually this hieroglyph means is that a city in egypt that this god was a patron of increased it 's political and economic importance among others , often with the use of arms , often becoming the capital . 
  now , is this hieroglyph just a stupid fairy or a true story that actually is telling something true and worth depends on you . 
  you can approach it from a literal , ignorant position which my discutant is praising or from an educated way by becoming aware of the way egyptians were comunicating each other . 
   sinfulness of homosexuality are just about everywhere in the bible nope , it 's mostly old testament . 
  the doctrine was n't revised , it was developed as knowledge about what the bible authors ment to say increased during the years . 
  nothing was ever took back or withdrawed from the doctrine , there were only addons to the doctrine when a studying bible monk or priest figured something out and the pope and higher clergy liked/agreed on . 
  the creationism thing is a thing among biblical protestant groups which are dominating southern us , it is n't really a thing in the catholic church or orthodox churches and those two groups are dominating in poland . 
  utah gdppc = 48,965 $ , uk gdppc = 41,159 $ why not ? 
  bible has a lot more to do with poetry than a technical document with rules and not following sola scriptura is n't cherry picking , people who do n't follow that rule are not leaving some parts , they just have a different approach on them than people that need to follow everything literally . 
  if you read lotr , you realise that it did n't literally happened but it is however true . 
  if you 've got a weak character , you end like boromir or gollum . 
  if you stand against evil , you might die or become irreversibly wounded ( frodo ) . 
  the lessons taken from lotr are true , even if the story itself did n't happen the way it was shown . 
  and then again , you can realise that this story repeats itself in eveybody 's life if you 're capable of understanding such literary devices like a metaphor or allegory . 
  then you realise , that the fantasy in lotr is just a costume , what matters is what this story leaves you with . 
  bible is a story written to teach people something in a form they were ready to accept , not a captain 's diary . 
  * what the bible says * not every christian group follows sola scriptura which is a reason of many misunderstandings . 
  in the catholic church for example the dominating view is that a book written thousands years ago with language of metaphors and symbols that in most cases are abstruse and incomprehensible for the current living people should n't be interpreted without knowledge on the customs and the language which was used to reach people living in ancient middle east . 
  that 's why the bible should be read with comments . 
  often the original greek or hebrew word that 's behind the translation resolves how to understand the bible . 
  tell me , which u.s. farmer following some protestant group that uses sola scriptura rule knows ancient greek ? 
  sola scriptura pushes for a very shallow interpretation , and that 's why you get christians that think they have to belive the world has literally 6000 years . 
  what a comedy genius you are . 
  hey , where did you get that from ? 
  :-) ) so funny . 
  maybe it does n't have to be . 
  china 's economy was choking during last 12 months ( compared to the growth they used to have ) . 
  unrealistic during this year . 
  with high population rise in africa and climate changes it 's possible in the future . 
  i hope this small refugee crisis will teach europeans how to solve the bigger ones in the future . 
  i do n't agree with you but i 'm certain that the more this pendulum swings left , the more it 'll reswing right , after . 
  it all depends od given situation . 
  democratic turkey would be a better ally than bolshevick russia for example . 
  anyway , the key to european safety ( from the east ) is to keep balance between russia and turkey , so non of them is strong enough to march west . 
  that 's how it was done in the past . 
  they do n't have to be westernized to be adult enough to accept some truth about their nation/state that they may not like . 
  you 're suggesting that they 'd have to give up their tradition to become someone who could simply accept 2 +2 = 4 , that is turkey is responsible for the genocide of the armenian people . 
  they do n't have to live in lies to remain turkish . 
  who said those threats are constant . 
  west having turkey as an ally was a good option during cold war becouse by supporting turkey the west was balancing soviets in the region . 
  now , when russia is n't a superpower anymore ( just a big power ) and turkey is becoming more assertive ( read : dangerous ) , the value of this alliance decreases . 
  fastly . 
  i hope you forgot about / s, 
  well , the ` democracy crisis ' is highly hyperbolized in the media and i 'm not worried about that . 
  it 's only a constitutional court crisis , similiar to one italy had , and it 's in their interenst to solve it , becouse their support started falling . 
  i voted nowoczesna , which is currently in the parliamentary opposision . 
  i 'm more concerned about the way this government approaches economy ( more interventionism and goverment control , more money redistribution ) and international affairs ( turning our reputation among our partners into shit ) and i do n't like what they 're doing .
