  seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  you 're reported for your primitive insults . 
  however , i 'm not surprised that people without any knowledge ( as you admitted ) ca n't have a normal discussion without insulting discutants . 
  i can agree with that . 
  i 'm interested in discussion with someone that knows anything on the given topic . 
  clear ? 
  seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  you 're reported for your primitive insults . 
  however , i 'm not surprised that people without any knowledge ( as you admitted ) ca n't have a normal discussion without insulting discutants . 
  i 'm interested in discussion with someone that knows anything on the given topic . 
  clear ? 
  seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  you 're reported for your primitive insults . 
  however , i 'm not surprised that people without any knowledge ( as you admitted ) ca n't have a normal discussion without insulting discutants . 
  no you ca n't . 
  you do n't have any knowledge on your own , you ca n't therefore judge my knowledge . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  now give us a proof that you can read and understand and leave me alone . 
  i 'm interested in discussion with someone that knows anything on the given topic . 
  clear ? 
  so as you admitted that you do n't know anything on the given topic , you ca n't judge my knowledge at all becouse ( as you admitted ) you do n't any on your own . 
  so please do n't waste my time and go away , you 're not worth having a discussion . 
  i do n't see this as harmless . 
  you 're wrong . 
  you do n't know anything . 
  maybe , i 'd have to listen to more arguments on both sides . 
  but i wo n't tell you `` no , absolutely not ! '' . 
  if it can be proven , that rape-porn has a significant share in making people rape someone , then yes , rape-porn should be illegal . 
  if it 's not significant , then it 's not worth the effort . 
  for you to know : there is a possibility to spread your knowledge outside your own formal education . 
  you can be interested in something more than your job . 
  try it . 
  so , watching hyper-realistic animation in which old men are having sex with children should be legal ? 
  no child has suffered while making that movie so by that logic yes . 
  it does n't work this way . 
  usually , you need more and more as your usual is n't satisfying anymore . 
  even in normal sexual life , you start with jerking off , when you 're 13-14 , but after some time you need start picking up chicks becouse you do n't see masturbation as satisfying . 
  then you start changing girlfriends becouse you know more about your body and therefore , you 're more aware of the girlfriend you need . 
  then , some people , bored with normal sex , start experimenting with bdsm or other things . 
  this growing mechanism of needs works also , when your sex-life is sick . 
  you will  . 
  you ca n't get hiv twice . 
  ^ i know , i know , i 'm showing myself out, 
  imho people rather know about the scale of collaboration in vichy france . 
  fewer people realise that among nazi german forces in ussr , 15 % were ethnic russians but much more surprising are non-european nazi-german units , like indisches freiwilligen legion der waffen-ss . 
  `` liberators '' from the east . 
  destroying warsaw was a huge loss for european culture . 
  i 've seen belgrade empty of kebab shops for some reason . 
  they know their shit . 
  well , there were nazis , who actually were n't german too . 
  or you can force people to leave their custom and start living with yours . 
  well , you can do it as long as you 're strong enough . 
  just like historically germany has been giving 3 options for the minorities : 1 ) you will become german . 
  2 ) you will leave . 
  3 ) we will kill you . 
  they think those republican-liberal values are going to stay after they become a minority :d, 
  theere you go , cpt sweden !, 
  hey , i 'm not those guys and i do n't care what turns them on . 
  dunno how they get there or how ( and if ) did they pay for the tickets . 
  but we know that they were foreign . 
  everyone knows that . 
  i ca n't imagine how a nation can allow this to happen . 
  so many people in the west are competely rootless that they do n't care that a place they known is loosing it 's cultural background . 
  they do n't value their own culture anymore . 
  but i agree with you , not my circus . 
  you think these people were there for the music ? 
  okay , 95 % risk is good enough . 
  migrants are n't cut off from information and news spread quickly , aslo the smugglers would n't be so keen on swimming those waters either , they 're not automated o_o . 
  exactly . 
  a 15 % risk of being drown is n't the same as 100 % . 
  no free tickets for immigrants ? 
  sweden should try harder !, 
  it 's not something i 'm prosposing , i 'm not in any position to do that . 
  it 's something that would happen in my opinion . 
  the smugglers would not have any demand at all for their services if people considering the trip would get the news , that europeans are sinking those boats . 
  there were alredy several interntional computer networks working back then , for military or academc use , there just was n't one popular network , like the internet . 
  in the 80 's , when internet was being separated from arpanet ( becouse of security reasons ) , there was also bitnet or bbs-based fidonet working . 
  but the technology itself is n't outdated , especially that there new technologies coming into work , like hele and others , which minimalize the effect you 're talking about while still having very hight eroi . 
  when it comes to incomers you do n't want to have , just secure your borders properly . 
  why is it outdated ? 
  in many places , like australia or us , where there 's still plenty of coal near the surface , it has one of the highest eroi of all energy sources , making only some of the hydroenergy plants more effective ( and hydroenergy is the most effective source of power among renewables . 
  their coal has actually higher eroi than current oil on average , which has been gradually falling when it comes to effectiveness . 
  is n't the population of us and canada growing at much faster rate than population of europe ? 
  in this case , energy use in us will be on the rise , even if the use of it will get more efficient . 
  i think that macron will be gone faster than anyone expects . 
  if he wo n't do reforms , the french will hate him . 
  if he does , they will hate him even more . 
  it 's becouse all that you , and people like you are doing , is groaning on the internet . 
  hence , you deserve that . 
  freedom is n't for free , you do n't deserve it by just being born . 
  it needs work , caution and management . 
  yes you can . 
  but you would have to break many aspects of personal freedom of these people . 
  i do n't fetishize these things , but i guess you , and your governments do , therefore , they wo n't get integrated . 
  but you will !, 
  so european status quo of today is n't fit to solve modern problems , like the islamic threat . 
  becouse us were tough on vw . 
  check out steven pinker and his researches . 
  maybe 1 in 100 have 10 guns ? 
  homicide rate in germany is lower than in poland .
