  our governments is sending money to ukraine , but among ordinary people nobody really supports that anymore . 
  i 'm not saying about this particular incident , just how things are . 
  no it did n't . 
  most of these people were unemployed or had a shit job , not needed from the economic point of view , they were needed in uk . 
  it took a couple of years until polish economy became attractive to other people . 
  for the most of that time , with few exceptions , business owners had no problems with finding people . 
  could you paste the data on secularism growth ? 
  why ? 
  those poles contributed to the ukish economy , hardly any pole in uk is unemployed . 
  it was n't a mistake from their perspective . 
  those high emmigration rates took place only in the first 3 years . 
  after that it was rather stable . 
  nobody says they will . 
  one of the reasons it 's more likely to happen , if you ask me . 
  nothing that you posted is changing what i 've said . 
  if you ask me about my personal experience , then not much changed after i visited france the last time ( few months ago ) compared to few years ago . 
  the only thing that changed is that police with guns was standing in front of a mall and they were checking bags of people entering , me included . 
  besides that , everything looked normal . 
  i do n't have any living experience in france , i was just visiting for few days . 
  that 's true , that people should include statistics in their decisions , however there are better and worse neighbourhoods and if you do n't have much outside this neighbourhood then you can as well emigrate to another country . 
   fillon 's tactics are pretty alien to modern french politics it 's a good thing in my opinion becouse with current politics you are n't going anywhere near ` fine ' . 
  maybe , but economic perspectives in quebec are much better than in france so at this point moving from france to quebec is a rational decision . 
  the second factor might be explained becouse they had a burglary done by some muslim youth few years ago . 
  i 've also got a family in other parts of france ( thionville , paris ) and they are saying that they feel less safe with every year so the stance of my friends is n't schocking to me . 
  where did all the germans go ? 
  i have french friends who are moving to quebec becouse they think it 's easier to run business there ( they had a restaurant in france which they closed last year ) and beside that they think that france will have a civil war with their muslims in a 10-20 year perspective which they want to avoid . 
  the civilisation of islam is expanding . 
  the western christian civilisation is shrinking in this part of world . 
  yes , i 've seen disabled measures even in places far away from large cities where air is n't probably that polluted . 
  i know , i just like being grumpy . 
  a tail ca n't wag a dog . 
  it depends who 's looking . 
  the geographic context of the observer is putting deciding about the geographic context of the place . 
  for example , for the anglosphere , iraq , saudi arabia , iran and so on are in a place called middle east , in polish it 's bliski wsch\u00f3d ( near east ) . 
  for a british , poland will always be in eastern europe . 
  these conceptions are much older , pretty much as old as the roman empire fall , the medieval christainistas was also a way of unifying europe , we even had european ` peace missions ' in the middle east  . 
  politicians in the medieval times tried to unite europe in different ways , with the use of the influencial papal state , the carolongian dynasty or the ottonian dynasty . 
  all those roads were closed dead after reformation happened and stayed that way for a short brake ( napoleon and the french empire ) and then xx age happened . 
  among modern , but pre ww2 ideas , you had this for example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paneuropean_union, 
  it depends which course will france take after elections , 
  old habits die hard , but they have to die if france wants to avoid that concrete wall ahead . 
  maybe portugal is n't but in many western countries the political landscape is changing which proves that fear is spreading . 
  you already know the language . 
  bruxelles has 2 official languages and the second is french . 
  a terrorist attack is n't adressed to the dead ones , but to those watching news . 
  ** the goal of terrorism is n't killing ** , but changing the mindset of those alive . 
  if we 're comparing terrorism to burglary , then let 's have that in mind , becouse eventually , we 're all victims of terror as the terrorists achieved what they wanted . 
  agree , i hope fillon wins , in my opinion he 's the exact thing france needs right now . 
  it saddens me , that french are so emotionally connected with wrong ideas which are only bringing more and more mess and growing chaos in france . 
  the acid test will be the negotiations results . 
  empathy ( which has nothing to do with the case ) is not enough to maintain such society . 
  lol not among species living in societies where they need access to resources that society provides . 
  this would solve the problem if ` everyone wants to learn valuable things ' condition would be true , but it 's not . 
  of course society is natural , in fact , in this context there is no such thing an unnatural , yes , that plastic bag is also a product of nature . 
  we 're part of society becouse being part of it gives us lots of different profits and automation is n't changing that . 
  someone has to maintain robots , someone has to do do work which robots ca n't do , and besides that , there are also multiple uneconomic reasons . 
  nature abhors vacuum in many different ways . 
  all life on this planet ( and this is also something that automation wo n't change ) is competing with each other on many different level to gain access to the resources it needs , that 's how life works . 
  societies are competing with each other , countries are competing , organisms are competing , persons are competing , animals are competing . 
  effectivness in rewarded , solutions that are not effective are being wiped out when hard time comes . 
  that 's why our tails are gone , why we value education , that 's why neanderthals are gone , that 's why autiomation is happening . 
  and now , a society that 's giving free money to people who are n't giving anything in return but are having access to resources is having a burden which makes it harder to compete with others . 
  the more there is useless people , the bigger the burden is . 
  that 's why it 's impossible in the long run to have a society that looks like that . 
  i do agree that there always was a place for people who did n't do anything valuable in their lifes , but it always was a margin and becouse of mentioned above reasons , it 's going to stay that way in the long run . 
  the vacuum is created when you 're not sharing anything to get the access to the resources you need o have a decent life . 
  and i did n't say it has to be work . 
  it can be knowledge ( that 's why i mentioned that the specialists will dominate even more the job market in the future ) . 
  in fact , i agree of course , that future economy will be based more and more on knowledge , less and less on manual work . 
  but the things you 're exchanging can be various , it also can be just information , it can be art . 
  but you have to have something which you can share with the society to get access to the resources in return . 
  without that you 're useless , vacuum is created , the society will start to ask why are we giving you money if you 're not giving anything in return . 
  and yeah , if it was 10 % of the society , then it 's not a biggy , but if it 's 40 % or even 70 % then these voices will really be getting loud and again , nature will abandon uneffective solutions and reward those effective . 
  people who have nothing worth sharing with others ( nor their time , work , art , knowledge , information ) will die out in one way or another . 
  if it comes to highly specialised work , in my opinion it 's useless now to think about it being taken away by robots becouse we 're really far , far , far , far away from creating a real ai , medicine would have to make a huge progress in how a mind works before that will happen . 
  besides , autiomation is n't the only consequence of technological progress , there are also other aspects , like stopping aging process , extended reality or more and more faster communication that maybe will lead us to telepathy or maybe even the definition of person will get blury when we 'll be having instant access to each other heads . 
  let 's just stick to what 's ahead of us in the first place . 
  temporarly , maybe , but nature abhors a vacuum , useless life is a vacuum . 
  how is it done in practise ? 
  at some point specialists that are doing some productive work will start asking why are they spending money on people who were n't doing anything productive for decades and those will have their benefits taken away . 
  i agree on that , but as i said before , large numbers of people are fit only to do simple work and there wo n't be much demand for it . 
  these people will be sooner or later taken out from the society , more or less brutally if they wo n't catch up and learn something to become a specialist at some field . 
  that 's only a temporary solution . 
  nature abhors a vacuum and in the long run society that consists a majority or big groups of people who are useless and who 's only life goal is to consume just ca n't happen . 
  people who wo n't fit to the new reality will just vanish in one way or another , just like hunters , nomads , gatherers went away in civilised countries when the neolithic revolution happened . 
  there 's going to be plenty of work for all kinds of specialists and we 're going to have much more money to educate more specialists but the sad fact is that large parts of people around the world are just not fit to become a specialist . 
  sad to hear . 
  i was visiting vienna in 2014 and enjoyed it . 
  however , there was something symbolic about one big , old , church located in some dense urban area which looked closed , neglected and abandoned while immigrant kids were playing football in nearby city field . 
  i do n't want to say `` how dare they '' , but it shows changes that are happening in austria today . 
  you do n't know nothing about anything . 
  expect ? 
  oh i expect it , mate , it 's my fuel !, 
  so many downvotes ... so i 'm going to repeat myself to get even more !, 
   his language is rude , but he 's right , ethnic tensions are only going to grow in western europe , also in germany . 
   as long as they are good people it 's no matter and most muslims that i know are good guys . 
  and where did i say you should care ? 
  if you do n't value your culture , you do n't care it 's being replaced with muslim culture then i 'm not going to make you care . 
  if you do n't value your church towers over minarets , you do n't see any reasons why it 's better for you , then it 's your lost , not mine . 
  maybe it is a good-bye time for germany after all ?
