  * that 's how france lives , and those who ca n't agree with the french rule in france , and who use violence to destroy it , are de facto putting themselves as ennemies of france * of current france . 
  just like french revolutionists were enemies of bourbon france . 
  maybe they have the power that can change your country into something else that you may not like anymore . 
  france is this way for 100 + n years , that 's not really long enough to think it 's forever . 
  this is the way in which france lost it 's importance and why france had endless revolts during the whole xix century . 
  your error is about thinking that islam and christianity are pretty much the same things , just different hats . 
  nope , it 's not . 
  france is n't georgia , it 's far away from russia , it 's not really a threat to them . 
  it 's a thread to cee europe , but not for france or spain . 
  i think it 's not enough . 
  it has to be build trough common enemy or threat , imagined or real . 
  it was always done this way . 
  * why would a frenchman fight for riga in nato ? 
  * you tell me . 
  i do n't know why would he do such thing and i do n't think he actually would . 
  i do n't think it 's about benefits but about the non-existence of common european national identity which makes it hard to explain to a french the need to fight for riga and vice versa . 
  and you wo n't build this common identity on blue baloons with stars . 
  what about the people who do n't agree with that ? 
  in many countries it 's a majority and they 'd vote against creating an eu army . 
  a eu military alliance would be better for start . 
  the religious war western europeans are importing to their countries is going to last longer , so the need for right wing parties will last long . 
  just look how long in took and how much blood was spilled after the protestant revolution . 
  yes , in some part . 
  there are such sad places on this planet where sticking with russia is the best geopolitical chance there is . 
   but immigration crisis is blown out of proportions in the west , and nonexistant in poland . 
  it 's all hot air and fear campaign . 
  yes . 
  i agree . 
  you forgot about one thing . 
  it worked . 
  becouse the migration crisis happened in the meantime . 
  and similiar thing could happen in the us . 
  something that would make people afraid and seek for a strong leader , which trump is n't but can be viewed as such . 
  it 's only 7 % between them with 36 % support for trump . 
  36 % of americans are ultra hardline republicans ? 
  besides , many things he 's doing is against the republican core values , like disregard for nato . 
  why are you so sure ? 
  what if a second 9/11 happens ? 
  who do you think the public opinion will support then ? 
  i 'm not justifying those deaths in a moral context as you 're trying to suggest here . 
  i 'm just saying that you pay for your stupidity even if you think you can avoid it . 
  that 's how nature works . 
  period , you ca n't and wo n't change that . 
  if you 're building a house on a volcano , be ready to evacuate . 
  if your taking thousands of muslims into your country ... oh yes ... be ready to evacuate as well . 
  a 15 year old could predict what does importing thousands of undeducated poor muslims mean . 
  the adults could n't . 
  germany , france , belgium got what they deserved with their utter stupidity . 
  it is n't funny , it is n't wise . 
  why are you here ? 
  do n't be a scaremonger . 
  i think i 'm not thin-skinned enough to care what some random guy on the internet calls me or my group . 
  i was referring to german people , that it 's them who are pretty much fucked if they really think this way . 
  nope , they do n't . 
  meanwhile terrorists still like to kill innocent people . 
  lol . 
  if you think that some polish car thieves are a bigger threat than muslim terrorists from unintegrated neighbourhoods then i wish you even more luck having in mind the scale of your stupidity :-), 
  good luck with your muslims , germany . 
  yep : http://www.barrypopik.com/index.php/new_york_city/entry/if_youre_going_to_shoot_the_king_dont_miss, 
  good luck with your muslims , france . 
  you 're going to need it . 
  it 's getting worse with every year . 
  what about sweden ? 
  mybe it was a wrong idea and it 's needed to be gone ? 
  yep , just being provocative a bit . 
  it 's just your xenophobia telling you to hyberbolize everything . 
  circumcision is more like baptism . 
  no , i just do n't cosinder circumcision as mutilation . 
  got it ? 
  i do n't agree with you at all . 
  in my opinion parents have full right to rise their children with their tradition . 
  i do n't think it 's 1/1000 , i 'm sure it 's much smaller . 
  i 'm not a part of that tradition . 
  but if i was born in a religious jewish family , then yes , i would want to be circumcised . 
  parents have full right to rise their children according to their tradition and all this drama only shows how xenophobic all these ` tolerant ' societies really are . 
  it 's not being done for cosmetic reasons . 
  those are hygienic reasons to prevent men in warm countries thousands years ago from dying . 
  it 's set as part of the tradition , to make people do it . 
  how big is the risk in percentages ? 
  they will stay . 
  you wo n't pass this law . 
  you will have a forever butthurt . 
  that 's what happens man , that 's what happens . 
  becouse they want to change the general belief and creed as they think , the current one is wrong . 
  and if it turns the people hostile to them is a question of method and timing . 
  when ` liberal democracy ' started it also was against the status quo of that time . 
  no ideology , does n't matter if it 's religious or secular ( both usually dogmatic and therefore more or less erroneous ) is here forever to dominate human minds . 
  no human order is set to be forever . 
  liberal democracy pushing for secularism is no exception . 
  1 ) they are not respectful , they are just not aware that spreading the word of god is in their moral obligation as members of their churches and mosques . 
  they do n't have to do it intrusively , as a matter of fact it 's usually counterproductive . 
  however , keeping their bielefs for themselves is exactly the opposite what the religion tells them to do and you ca n't do anything about it . 
  2 ) why should i care what would you personally do in any situation . 
  i do n't know you . 
  you do n't understand . 
  it 's not about being nice and wanting people to join their church . 
  converting people and sharing the word of god are ** inseparably ** a part of almost every supranational religion and evangelism ( when it comes to christian religions ) is among the obligations one has in his church . 
  yes , this is irreconcilable with the view that the public sphere should be free of religion . 
  you ca n't expect from a religious person to hide with his faith only to his private life . 
  this wo n't happen .
