  the anglosphere will always have an interest to support turkey so russia wo n't have easy access to mediterean from the black sea . 
  they need russia , but not too strong and not on the seas . 
  you ca n't really run away from that . 
  why are you so pro-russia , pro-turkey and anti-us ? 
  yes , and that 's a very small difference that can be treated as error margin in statistcs . 
  however , statistics does n't include one thing that ca n't be measured - that some people are lying for various reasons . 
  for example , becouse they do n't want to be judged , they think their views are to controversial to feel comfortable when being open about them . 
  another reason is that some people are only thinking that they 're thinking in partical way , where as most of their thinking is done when heading towards the voting point . 
  well , of course , the unborn is n't responsible for the rape of his mother . 
  the basis of my views are that human being starts with creation of the uniqe dna chain becouse there is n't any other point when you can point out when does the fetus start being human . 
  i do n't see a reason to seek the beginning of the human being when the fetus can feel or think , becouse i do n't consider pain to be a factor on deciding if we should kill someone or not . 
  also , we ca n't even clearly point that moment . 
  the same way i do n't see a reason why should we start naming `` it '' human the moment it starts to be biologically independent from his mother . 
  the only reasonable starting point for me is the moment of fertilisation . 
  if you 're asking me , rape as a reason for abortion is something that i could and do understand and even accept , but not something i would justify . 
  the same way i understand a guy that would be stealing food becouse he was hungry and for some reasons he 's not able to pay for it . 
  but i ca n't justify that in this case stealing is something good . 
  i 'm not writing here about cases when rape can cause health/death threat , psychological causes included . 
  my views are that in cases , like for this example - life/health threat , person carrying a child should have a right to decide . 
  i mentioned it couple times already . 
  we were talking about abortion on demand , that 's why i do n't see why did you use an example of a completely different case . 
  read my other posts becouse you 're completely way off the mark in my case . 
  i 'm not going to defend something i did n't say . 
  we all know another terrorist attack , probably in france will happen . 
  it 's a question of when , not if . 
  let 's hope it 's after the elections . 
  it 's more complex than that . 
  it 's money , free movement , eu standards , eu pushing some law changes , ability to work in eu and last but not least , poles do n't want to be left alone facing russia . 
  the general view is that more integrated with the west we are , the more safer we are . 
  even pis voters are pro-eu and anti-eu is a margin . 
  eu is seen as one of the fundamental institutions of the atlantic pax which is seen as something good for our wellbeing . 
  who knows , maybe it 's even more important than money , becouse the view that `` we 're paying more than we 're receiving becouse all the work paid with eu money is done by german companies ! '', 
  ( seriously , we have these people ) is more popular than this poll would suggest . 
  how come ? 
  he knows washington politicians and he 's from a wealthy family . 
  he just did n't choose his career as a politician earlier . 
  the differences were so small , that it can be treated like margin error . 
  especially brexit polls were almost 50/50 . 
  intention also matter as it gets more comlex . 
  you can kill someone to ease the pain , to take something from him/it , to eat him/it , becouse it 's more convenient for you , for fun and more . 
  these all things are n't equal crimes in context of morality . 
  under which regional level were these comparsions made ? 
  if it 's the first level then i do n't think this is good for an overview becouse some countries are having their large metropolitan areas separated as another administrative entity on the first administrative level and in other countries this happens on more local levels and this can change the results a lot . 
  also , i 'm not sure what were the intentions that authors wanted to ilustrate but it 's a bad measure to compare poverty/wealth between regions . 
  if you work in one region , but you 're driving there from another , you 're pumping the gdp of the region you 're working in , not yours . 
  i enjoy eating meat . 
  i just do n't consider the ability to feel pain , emotions , distress to be basic factors based on which a decision of killing someone should be made . 
  there are drastic cases , when it 's even more reasonable to kill someone that feels these things than does n't , but of course , with his will . 
  i agree , i do n't support changes either way on this matter . 
  if this is the case , then it 's always nice to talk with a vegetarian . 
  you 're talking about self-awarness . 
  this is something a human being develops when he 's about 18 months old after birth , so according to this logic we should be allowed to murder 1year old children . 
  according to this logic we should also be allowed to murder people that lost self-awarness after brain damage . 
  this is n't a issue to me , becouse i disagree with an opinion that person is only his mind and not in his proto-form in the first place as i consider ` the meat ' also as part of given person . 
  i do n't really see a reason not to , you ca n't develop self-awarness withour receiving signals from your body . 
  an eye has a comparable role to play as hippocampus . 
  most people support current status quo . 
  might be, 
  in something called civilisation there is something called norms and rules . 
  people are not entitled to do anything they 'd like to , even in a liberal western democracy . 
  for example , you ca n't steal , even if you 're hungry , you ca n't murder someone , even if this someone killed your wife . 
  those are also tough decisions and good reasons to commit these crimes , and yet , we ca n't tolerate it , becouse our societies would gradually fall apart . 
  generally , the basis of a crime is taking something from someone ( health , money , life , things ) despite his will . 
  i do n't see a difference when it comes to abortion becouse it 's also deciding on wheter to take or not something from someone . 
  in this case , we can take someones life , or take some time and freedom of other person during a 9 month period . 
  it 's pretty much a clear decision in the context of rules and norms . 
  do you always consider to kill someone when you 're in pain ? 
  i do n't . 
  for the second reason , yes , that 's why i consider life-threat as a good reason to give a choice to a person carrying a child . 
  do you know that brain developes earlier than that ? 
  besides , when is exactly that moment ? 
  answering to your question : becouse it 's then , when the unique dna code is created , it 's the actual beginning of somebody . 
  forcing someone to give birth is a lesser evil than killing someone and this is the second option . 
  that 's why this is n't a good reason to make an abortion . 
  the person that is pregnant is deciding not only about her future but also about the future of the unborn . 
  free choice to carry or not a pregnancy to term is at the same time a free choice to kill or not to kill someone and this is the reason why it 's barbaric . 
  besides , you can make the same decision about your future when the child is born . 
  you can give it away along with your rights to be his/her parent . 
  you can go back to your ` old life ' if you want to . 
  after fertilisation happens . 
  and in your opinion , ** exactly ** when does a person start to exist ? 
  free choice to kill someone is barbarism and this is the exact case no matter how hard you stomp your feet in anger . 
  no , you 're of course and as usual wrong . 
  i think they 're less important , that 's why i support abortion in some , few cases while i do n't support killing innocent people in some cases . 
  i just do n't support abortion on demand becouse i consider fetus an actual human being under construction , there 's need to be a good reason to kill it , a broken rubber is n't . 
  thanks , i forgot about what happened to the lib dems which were popular in northen scotland . 
  however , people ca n't blame snp being popular on thatcher as the scots were likely to vote for labour and lib-dems after tories went down in scotland . 
  it happened when all those main parties failed to reach them . 
  uk ( still ) exists becouse there 's an economic reason for it , not becouse of sentiment . 
  imho the reason is london being a jumping board for the imperial markets and after that , for the eu markets . 
  if uk finds a way for london focusing all that trade after brexit , then uk unity will be fine . 
  i do n't know why snp , they 're quite well packed , i do n't think far-left is something an islander would likely vote for . 
  but i know where it 's leading and i ca n't agree with that , becouse snp is mostly talking about economy , even when talking about secession , i do n't hear them shouting `` freedoom !!!! '', 
  do n't worry about my downvotes . 
  i like them . 
  i generally agree with you , however imho those facilities would fall despite the unions . 
  during that time a global process started for good , forcing more and more parts of the industry to move to third world countries , but of course , unions made running this kind of business even less attractive . 
  thatcher is not responsible for snp popularity . 
  she 's not in charge for 26 years and snp rised becouse labours sucked . 
  this is n't a good reason to make an abortion , you can name-call me whatever you like , i could n't care less .
