  the baltics should n't bother with buying tanks or planes , becouse in their case it 's completely useless . 
  i would focus on arming civilians so potential prospects of a long lasting guerilla war becomes an additional deterrent factor . 
  the positive side is that russia attacking baltics is unlikely to happen becouse of the economic hit that russia would have to absorb . 
  people did n't ever matter much in that country , but the political class would loose it 's grip after there 's no money anymore to buy loyality . 
  but is current russian culture attractive to maintain russian language dominance as franca lingua over former soviet block ? 
  few books and games is n't enough and it looks really modest compared to [ british invasion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_invasion ) alone . 
  today 's russian culture is n't what it used to be in late tsarist or mid ussr times when classic russian literature was n't translated into national languages , when russian was the language of universities around and when smaller nations did n't have literature of their own . 
  russian language has to compete today . 
  it 's not only about not spending money on promoting your culture , it 's also about not having much to sell anyway becouse other 's have much more on their own . 
  this is where i 'm surprised that there are n't many people willing to learn russian in the post-soviet block region . 
  okay , current russian culture is n't attractive for other nations around , russian is n't the language of science in the region as well , but still russian can be useful in business . 
  big business . 
  a scandal would be probably not enough to make french want to vote for her . 
  fillon falled only few percentages after his scandals . 
  it 's not that a biggy as people think it is . 
  but what if there 's a terror attack in paris with 200 + dead 3 days before second round ? 
  it 's an attractive time and place to do it for someone , becouse the consequences , le pen winning , might even bring us to the end of eu . 
  plane is the most expensive way of transporting goods . 
  i do n't believe it will ever be an alternative to ship for a bigger amount of products . 
  the priority here is n't binary . 
  it 's all aobut the numbers . 
  u/an _ craca_mor is n't maybe seeing it , but chinese economists , politicians are . 
  i generally agree , a 20000teu ship is going to be cheaper than 50wagon train . 
  however there are groups of products that might be better to transport faster , like food but not only . 
  and faster means train , becouse we wo n't speed up ships , while we can do that with trains , which already are going a lot faster than ships , if we want them to . 
  land trade with china has no chance to replace sea trade , it can be complementary to it though , becouse there are people ready to pay more if they can get something in a week instead of month . 
  you 're completely right . 
   they are n't brave enough to unilaterally organise a referendum , they wo n't be ~ ~ brave ~ ~ stupid enough to unilaterally declare independence . 
  fixed . 
  do n't worry becouse i do n't worry  . 
  man , i 'd have to be crazy to worry about downvotes on some webpage . 
  i rarely even participate if i know that most people agree with me , it 's boring then . 
  this is true , it 's not what / u/zimtstern3000 said though in the first and second sentences . 
   if the `` occupying '' nation would start a war but that 's an important if and the death count is still there . 
   i also believe there is no price for freedom there is , like money , time or sometimes death and these are the reasons ( price ) why some decide to be parts of larger multi-national states . 
  scotland for example . 
  they could have a state , but it would cost them too much . 
  it 's not a constant value however . 
  what if independce leads to way more deaths than status quo ? 
  it 's the first time i hear anyone calling him that , despite reading many historians . 
  also he was n't the first one who laid ( parts ) of these structures . 
  why am i surprised that this is coming from a french guy . 
  this is true and it 's a point that your countrymen ( around here at least ) seem to be missing . 
  when will people realise that the rich do n't pay taxes in general . 
  not becouse of some fraud , but becouse it 's their ( usually much poorer ) clients who pay their taxes in the price of a product . 
  if you tax the rich , they 're going to sooner or later rise the price of things they 're selling and at the end it 's normal people who are paying their higher taxes . 
  when will people realise that when you ca n't fire an employee , then it 's not just that but also - the decision to hire someone becomes much , much harder . 
  pinching the rich is n't a way to fix the situation of the poor , it 's the exact opposite . 
  do you know why there are lots of homeless people ? 
  becouse their work is not worth the money and time anyone would have to spend to pay them and pay the state . 
  god , this sub is getting worse with these low effort comments with every single hour . 
  his work is still useful in a certain range of data . 
  he once got into trouble with his bishop , but not about his work , he was living with a woman without marrying her while being a church guy back then . 
  it 's useless if she does n't speak polish though . 
  nationality maybe was n't , but loyality was . 
  austria in general had an opinion of an empire that was n't so hard on their `` minorities '' . 
  contrary to prussia , later germany . 
  imho it was becouse the glue in that case was a catholic monarchy , not german state-nationalism like in germany . 
  imho current chinese answer to tibet is better than what tibet was before china invaded them . 
  it 's a useful building . 
  plenty events happen inside . 
  too many benefits to demolish it just becouse it was stalin 's gift . 
  however , it 's sad that none of the new skyscrapers in warsaw is n't higher than that building or more characteristic to become a new symbol . 
  a large chunk of french have a very socialist approach on economy which in their current situation is suicidal . 
  current immigration policy to france is getting more and more expensive . 
  becouse you want to visit ? 
  agree, 
  anyway , this referendum was n't really about building an authocracy as many think . 
  in the longterm , it 's about redefining turkish position as a junior partner in the american status quo into something more assertive . 
  do n't take me wrong . 
  as i said earlier , i really admire islam for how effective it is when it comes to spreading and expansion . 
  it 's the strongest ideology in the world with a big future . 
  morocco a democracy ? 
  rotfl . 
  it 's on venezuelan levels in di . 
  people who were n't washed with pc but were called bigoted or racist all the time never had these doubts . 
  i agree with you in general , that 's the case of a large chunk of church-goers . 
  however the more you know about religion and you learn more non-cartoonist ways of understanding god , the more this border between believing and not believing is getting more and more blurred . 
  i 'm pretty sure that people with bright and clear answers on god and religion are in vast majority very ignorant on this topic . 
  agree , however still , it 's the worst case since ataturk took over so i find these articles justified . 
  how can i ` fuck off ' if it 's you who 's bugging me ? 
  if you 're not able of having a normal discussion and insults is all you 're capable of then do n't waste my time and get lost . 
  it 's not even comparable to islam . 
  islam has worked for 1400 years and still expanding , taking over new lands or re-taking them ( as you mentioned central asia ) . 
  communism was pretty much gone after 70 years and there 's not much left of it today . 
  did n't it start from cleaning up the army from people that might do it in the first place this time ? 
  no , becouse it 's not how you suggest it would be in the first place . 
  a far-left candidate will be as bad for france as the far-right one . 
  so , we wait for another coup ? 
  becouse that 's what these coups were about - saving turkey from this what just happened . 
  ** i really admire islam ** for how effective it is when it comes to spreading and expansion . 
  it really is a great ideology to obtain and then use for setting your order . 
  from the beginning it 's almost constantly expanding with few exceptions when it was backed with a large ammount of determination and force . 
  and today even that determination is gone as we 've got plenty of naive people thinking that ` it 's not islam , it 's religion in general ' . 
  that 's why imho , islam will once dominate the world . 
  and this is a great thing , becouse that 's how nature works , the stronger survives and then populates and dominates each territory . 
  i do n't believe that muslims will tolerate ` secularism ' when they 'll become larger in numbers in europe . 
  i do n't see any ideology that would be stronger than islam . 
  the fact that islam turns new territories into shit and living under islam is a huge step back for a civilised man is sad , but still true . 
  islam societies suck at science and the only piece of art they 're really good at is ornaments .
