  the malthusian or neo-malthusian model of population growth development is pretty much proven wrong for over 50 years now and the last popular science book that i 've seen and was repeating that myth is from 1991 . 
  this is statistical extrapolation of current trends , not propaganda . 
  if you 'd actually click the provided link you would know that falling fertility among muslims in europe is included . 
  but nah , everything is `` right wing propaganda '' for you . 
  you wo n't reach any place if you 'll keep calling succesful people `` shitters '' . 
  that 's really low and i do n't a bright future ahead of you with that attitude . 
  it 's going to be a long , linear process . 
  maybe , but not in few next decades . 
  that 's how they live today : http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=ilc_lvps08&amp;lang=en and there 's nothing bad in it , if you ask me , however i would prefer being close , but not in the exact same house . 
  that 's how history works . 
  the best of the poor are taking over the place in the higher parts of hierarchy after the blas\u00e9 rich . 
  sometimes it 's happening in a linear process , sometimes it 's revolution . 
  i often critisize immigration to europe , but i do n't blame them , it 's a natural process , it has to take place . 
  what we lack is an effective way to turn these people into europeans , just like uneducated peasentry was being turned into middle class people . 
  this is true , however , they usually have fewer children when they start having them in their 30 's . 
  it usually works the other way round . 
  for what ? 
  it 's not really on the top of a mountain , 
  never been there , but it does n't look bad http://cdn.goeuro.com/static_content/web/content/destination/bydgoszcz-deluxe.jpg, 
  the only source i got are my travels :( . 
  no excel calculations or graphs on mustaches i 'm afraid ... 
  well , if you visit those villages near opole or in lower silesia , you can notice , that many surnames written on old german graves or monuments are often german-written , but slavic-rooted . 
  silesia did n't became a german majority region only becouse it had german settlers coming since medieval age , but also becouse there were germanisation programs launched starting from late xviii century and also becouse people there were often choosing a different culture by themselves . 
  these ethnic boundaries between poles and germans ( and czechs ! ), 
  were very blurry on former prussian territories . 
  yes , i 'd like to see some stats however that could say how many moroccans in netherlands actually are scum . 
  what 's the threshold in netherlands ? 
  this type of mustache is quite common in that climate range all over the world , 
  not exactly , 
  this is quite common knowledge , patagonia is well known for it 's beauty . 
  do you want me to put it in different words that you might understand with your skills ? 
  which part do you not understand ? 
  uhm ... yes , i think you 're right . 
  the fuck is that germany is on american leash since ww2 ended and since ww2 they are gradually trying to have more assertive policy , even by using stupid excuses like this one on which we agreed when we were joining nato . 
  is n't that an advantage if your job is being a politician ? 
  the question that matters now is how ? 
  he stopped being pm in 2007 , it 's a decade now , time goes quick . 
  it 's not about hatred but your geographic position . 
  moldova already happened . 
  it 's not that we have bigger backbone , it 's just we ( finland , baltics , poland , maybe romania ) who are really threatened by this situation if it develops towards destabilisation . 
  it does n't have to be an invasion . 
  however a growing destabilisation is possible and this would be a disaster for our economy . 
  sweden in terms of geopolitics is basically on an island . 
  nobody says it is . 
  well , obviously , threats change during the time . 
  even usa supported islamic groups to fight communism in contries like afganistan . 
  people wo n't focus on the smaller threat if they 're fighting something bigger in given time . 
  that does n't mean , that this small threat stays small forever . 
  you ca n't blame media that they 're just reporting what 's happening . 
  9/11 happened , it 's obvious that it has to change the view on muslims among the masses . 
  muslim world is also changing . 
  it was much more secular in the age of various post-nasseric or post-colonial dicators than it is now when these countries are more often reaching for islam , to shape their societies . 
  people were n't so concerned about muslims becouse islam did n't play as big role in the societies these people came from , especially when it comes to territories that were dominated by communism . 
  in the 90 's islam did n't reclaimed as much human minds in the post-soviet territory ( after people stopped following commusnim ) as it has today , it has n't expanded as much as today due to the demographic boom they had and are still having . 
  i do n't know where did you came up with the ` refugee crisis ' . 
  it does n't concern me much . 
  it 's the stable , growing trend of muslims as the percentage of population that will eventually cause a change in the cultural background of the country if the trend wo n't be stopped at some point . 
  the demographic shift will be more visible after post ww2 baby boomers will start to die out as the immigrant groups are almost always younger . 
  also ... i did n't act like you suggest , 
  and this is where you 're generalising and exaggerating . 
  you may feel surprised , but most people here do n't think there 's a civil war in france , while what you 're suggesting is that poles think that france is basically gone , and this opinion you 're having is based on few people 's experience , not on data . 
  poles just do n't like the general , `` normal '' negative consequences of having large muslim groups in the country . 
  from organized crime , messy streets , bad neighbourhoods spreading , terrorist threat to a change in the cultural background of a country in a direction they do n't approve , while you 're suggesting that a typical pole thinks france is basically paristan already . 
  this is having no support in data , it 's your own biased imagination . 
  a typical `` they have a different opinion than me , they must be stupid , let me show on these few cases , how stupid the overall of their population is , so my opinion sounds smarter without me actually picking up the topic in any substantive matter '' attitude . 
  nope , if you ask people on the street why they do n't want muslims in the country , you will get the answer that they fear that this would start a process which would lead to current situation in we on this field , which they disapprove . 
  you 're generalising and making unauthorized ( in terms of logic ) extrapolation of your personal experience . 
  this is n't a data-based opinion . 
  no , the trend in the 50 's consisted mostly people from other european countries and the numbers were n't that high ( 200 000k people immigrating to france each year with a growing tendency ) . 
  france became more open to maghreb immigrants in mid 70 's and immigrants in the 50 's -60 's were often just french , leaving their lifes in ending colonies . 
  also , france is n't a good example , becouse it was the only we country that was open to immigration ( mostly from europe , poles , italians , spaniards escpaing civil war ) before ww2 . 
  no , it is changing , that 's why in most western european countries police started to control mosques . 
  also , the influx is still there so the change is therefore in progress . 
  you were talking about `` most of the last century '' , not `` last couple years '' of that century . 
  mass influx from maghreb started in the 70 's when france allowed people from former colonies to settle with their families but it took time until these numbers became a reason for `` occasional '' states of emergency ( first in 2005 ) . 
  sadly , you might me right . 
  i was talking about people who decided that it 's a good idea to spend money on making them stay in euro-zone . 
  which , during the most of the century , immigrated to europe in much smaller numbers and their overall population was much smaller which makes the situation different for the most of the century . 
  escaping reality costs money . 
  it did n't last to long . 
  you did n't had a terrorist attack for a while thanks to that . 
  it 's the new normal . 
  not true , the levels of immigration were much lower most of the century and they were mostly people from much more similiar cultures . 
  no , it 's under state of emergency . 
  opinion polls do n't include human adaptation to changes . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  people can get used to to everything , russians are supportive for their government despite russian economy being shittier with every year and with a rise of 3 million people under povery level in 2 years . 
  there are many factors that form a final opinion . 
  having large groups of muslims in the cities is the new normal for western europeans , they do n't remember how things once were . 
  for a foreign observer from eastern europe who does remember how things once were becouse he 's having that back home it 's a voluntary step back on a certain field . 
  i think the article should focus more on geography . 
  russia has very poor geography and their large territory is a burden , not an advantage . 
  it 's much harder to keep your infrastructure , trade and economy running , when you 're a large sparesely populated country , with huge distances between cities and with a territory , which most of it does n't have any economic value . 
  you need to spend more to protect this vast territory , you benefit only from small parts of it , becouse the climate does n't make it profitable . 
  when trading you need to spend more money and time to get into a place and when you want to make trade cheaper and faster , fewer people have to spend more money on longer roads , railroads and all other infrastructure . 
  these vast territories of nothing between dots of something makes everything harder . 
  not to mention that russia 's was about land communication and sea trade is much more beneficial . 
  it 's much better to be a small , but denesly populated island , with 15-30km to te next town , open to world trade thanks to the sea , with a fine climate thant makes most of your land profitable , not having to spend so much on your military ( well , if you do n't want to dominate the world ) and so on . 
  europe should suck out that me blood and change those people into europeans :p, 
  our historic muslim population is very small today mainly becouse most of them integrated with our culture so well .
