  just a stupid anegdote . 
  i just love the balkans . 
  reffering to your post , yes , i know . 
  we also did n't include german influences , that are pretty strong in the region , also religious affiliation is n't that important nowdays . 
  however , turkey is n't a threat yet , but if it was , imho bulgarian , serbian ties with russia would tighten and it would be completely rational . 
  that 's just my opinion , not an analysis . 
  greece has stronger feelings today becouse of cyprus . 
  they are n't . 
  i do n't see any purpose for this map but humouristic . 
  and even that 's pretty hard to see . 
  poles did . 
  hey , i wondered when would he figure that for himself, 
  i get your view , but in previous post you used  jean yves le drian is royally pissed by the polish government as your argument . 
  no , i did n't say that ... 
  countries like bulgaria , serbia , hugary , greece are and always will be more concerned about turkey than russia and see russia as something that can balance eventual turskish threat . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  slovenia is beautiful . 
  so small , and yet , so diverse geographically . 
  you are wrong . 
  politics do n't work this way , it 's about calculated common interest , not emotional responding . 
  i do n't support polish government decision on the caracals to be clear , but with this theory you 're portraying french political elite like a group of irresponsible teenagers for whom it matters more to show their ego than their future . 
  baltics are more important than poland right now becouse it 's the baltics where russia will be testing article v ( if it 's still there ) . 
  which part do you not understand ? 
  french will always protest against a good solution , they 've got used to overregulated economy and do n't want to change that , despite a fact , that it would solve their problems . 
  if you vote for `` traitors '' like po , nowoczesna or other centrist or left-wing or even some centre-right parties , you 're not considered to be polish according to them . 
  that 's what happens when you swing the pendulum to far . 
  just keep sweeping the problem under the carpet . 
  do n't do anything more . 
  this guy is just like he said he would be , at least now . 
  all those things were pretty much well covered by press , so why do n't cover trump which is the most important of all those people , especially during the process of getting into power ? 
  your grumbling is unjustified . 
  it still is a superpower , but relatively not so influencial as before . 
  obama lowered the global position of us . 
  however , to be fair - he had to . 
  all that swiming here and there , keeping communication lines costs money and it does n't have to bring money all the time . 
  yeah , when actually was the ( just ) liberalism era ? 
  developing an economy in them is horrible . 
  it 's good that economies are competing . 
  i hope you will lower your taxes so other european economies will be forced to do the same . 
  that was only temporarly and it could only be temporarly becouse iraq has poor geography . 
  mark my words in 10 years , you 'll see . 
  also , army size is just one of many factors that say about a country potential and to be honest , if a country of iraq size has 5th army in the world , it only says that it 's overinvested . 
  i 'm talking about demography and economy , geopolitical competition does n't have to take place on the field and it does n't need an enormous army for that goal . 
  in other words , only way iraq would be strong is if iran , saudi arabia and turkey are weak at the same time . 
  history really proves my point . 
  iraq was under foreign influence during most of modern history . 
  before iraq was british , iraq was a turskish province for 400 years after persia and turkey competing about this land , earlier iraq was a province of the mongol empire . 
  that 's the history of the last 800 years in iraq despite a short period when iraq tried to be strong and independent from it 's neighbours influences and failed . 
  heard about a guy called kuklinski ? 
  uneducated radicalized teenagers do n't know these things . 
  this is n't constant . 
  generally it depends if there 's a buffer between them or not and history pretty much proves that . 
  they do n't want to conquer germany , russia has bigger problems . 
  but they wanted to conquer germany , and the rest of western europe during cold war when russia was a superpower . 
  it 's all really about relative power between geopolitical centres . 
  during cold war anglosphere was almost at open war with way to strong russia . 
  but weaker russia is a good ally against growing china and i believe we 'll see a warming trend in us-russia relations . 
  the dominant sea empire and the dominant land empire generally share a common enemy , the growing hybrid empire ( france , germany , china ) . 
  that 's how it works since at least napoleonic times but there are signs of this historical schema even earlier . 
  i understand your view and respect that , but you 're not right when you 're saying that the way how canada and russia were populated in relation to england and kievan rus differs a lot . 
  these tribes in europe moved , but also mixed as well . 
  russia in times of forming was n't populated only with tribes that originated from kievan rus . 
  completely not , i 'm saying about the demograhic and economic core that every state has . 
  if scotland would secede from uk , it 's the english part that would become a successor of uk , if us will fall into two halfs , it 's the eastern part ( where the statehood core is ) that would become the successor of current us . 
  it 's germany being a successor of iii reich , not austria . 
  russian core developed in partly new territories , partly in territories that were outer provinces of kievan rus . 
  i see this relation between kievan rus and russia similiarly to the one of canada and england . 
  england had obviously a major , deciding impact on what canada is today , but the history of canadian state did n't start in 9th century . 
  so just like i said before , russian-turkish alliance is impossible in longterm , there 's always a piece of land to argue about and yet geography makes it impossible for one side to dominate the other so it does n't ends . 
  well , okay , but this is subjectively more valuable view for you personally , it 's as far as it can get from objectivism . 
  objectivism is n't evaluating truth based on who 's saying the word , or how does he feel when saying it , but quite the opposite , it focuses simply on a question if something is true or not . 
  the girl is opressed with the situation and that is your argument on why this is more valuable than what i 'm saying . 
  you 're not focusing on which version is actually true . 
  i accept your views , however objective they are not . 
  it 's like saying , an ornitologist ca n't be right becouse he 's not a bird , while often it 's the distance that gives the bigger picture . 
  also there 's of course this little thing , that nobody can hear the fetus opinion and his future is being decided here as well as the girls future , and somehow you 're avoiding this , pretty much core reason why i 'm thinking this way . 
  if you do n't consider fetus a human being then logical implication is that abortion is never bad , it just is . 
  and then only the girls opinion matters . 
  but if you do consider the fetus as human being , then i do n't understand this avoiding . 
  next thing . 
  forcing someone to carry a fetus for 9 months is a lesser evil than killing a human being ( which imho starts with fertilisation and creating the unique for each person dna chain ) . 
  also , she does n't have to care for it the next 18 years . 
  she can give up her rights as a parent and have their child taken away , so that argument is simply not true . 
  different geography makes them different countries . 
  if it goes to poland it 's a one ruler earlier , our first king was a son of the guy who created the polish state . 
  i agree on kievian rus and russia . 
  the thig is that imho geography is crucial in these cases . 
  kievan rus developed along dniepr river , russia along volga river . 
  these are the demographic , economic , trade and wealth centres of those states that creates a completely different geopolitics . 
  for kievan rus , dniepr river was the core for trade and statehood . 
  for moscow , those territories are conquered buffer zones protecting their centre , which are territories near volga . 
  that 's were the biggest wealth , population and economy concetrates . 
  saying that russia starts with kievan rus is like saying canada starts with medieval england . 
  well , to be honest , geopolitically it 's rather impossible in longterm . 
  you 're both natural competitors and this is determined by geography , not human will . 
  ussr was a superpower , that 's why turkey was supported by us . 
  geographically , turkey is just set to be the dominant power in me along with iran . 
  these two countries have most resources and livingable space and locaction . 
  saudi arabia is a power only until there 's still prosperity on the oil market . 
  there 's nothing else they can make or sell .
