  i agree , we 'll probably end up in the `` outer eu '' probably with the whole region . 
  however imho scandinavia is also going to be in `` northern outer eu '' . 
  i 'm not , you 're having your own visions about what i think . 
  they do come already . 
  i 'm not against that in general . 
  i just want to choose who 's coming and to me personally it matters from which culture they 're coming , a state has the right to choose also based on this factor if it wants to . 
  agree again . 
  not sure though if scotland had those means when british empire was peaking . 
  let me repeat . 
  the conflict is not artificial becouse the different values western and eastern europe shares - on this level it 's real but at the same time - not that important . 
  it is n't something we could n't find a solution for . 
  it 's artificial on the utilitarian level of solving things , becouse one side is intentionally pushing for a solution that both sides know it wo n't work . 
  i do n't believe their intention by pushing this is solving the migrant crisis and the only intention i do see is antagonizing east and west europeans where these immigrants will go no matter if we take them or not unless we 'll lock them . 
  agreed . 
  u.s. would have to be in very bad shape compared to california to make that possible becouse then the factors that you 've mentioned would have different weights for both players and relations between those states could look differently . 
  right now it 's in california interest , to be a us port , not a californian port . 
  but look out , notice the strength uk still had in the interwar period and look at them now , with loud scottish secesionism . 
  they were n't even in a really bad shape ( well , the empire went bankrupt , but the country has been a first world economy ) during the whole time . 
  it is n't about values but ways of dealing with the issue . 
  it 's artificial becouse they know this solution wo n't work and despite that they 're trying to push it . 
  i do n't believe they 're stupid so the only reason there 's left on field is that they 're trying to deliberately discredit eastern europeans to convince more of their political partners into joining and supporting first-speed europe . 
  that 's part of how two-speed eu is done . 
  by creating artificial conflicts . 
  you 're overestimating foreign food aid and so on as influence . 
  they 're just at this stage of economic and civilisational development where people have still old family habits but at the same time , not that much babies are dying . 
  i think that davies adopted a little bit of polish accent from his wife . 
  well , the root reason why californian economy is so great is mainly becouse it 's a u.s. pacific port so it 's in the interest of both sides to make the thinkable divorce fitting also both sides . 
  right know it 's in californian interest to stay in the union . 
  america needs california , california needs america . 
  it all really depends if things stay this way in the future . 
  short answer is that they predict that the economic weight that california has in us will continue to grow and at some point they will start seeking possibilities for making a more assertive policy that would be fitting for california . 
  the second reason is that the ethnic and cultural landscape of the west shore will differ more and more from the east shore as california continues to be attractive for immigrants from latin america and asia . 
  rotfl . 
  becouse gays is all that matters . 
  you deserve your fate . 
  that 's why i liked the po approach . 
  make those 6000 come . 
  they 're going to leave anyway and we 're not bashed for it . 
  and it 's going to get even worse as the demographic differences will continue to grow in coming decades with a 4bln people africa . 
  fun times . 
  even stratfor says u.s. will have secessionist issues in california in some 50 years . 
  well , they 're all going to germany . 
  and germany sooner or later historically had always given their immigrants 3 options : 1 . 
  you 'll become german . 
  you 'll leave . 
  we will kill you . 
  but you just admitted that you thought wrong , the logical conesquence is that we ca n't find enough similarities with them . 
  becouse muslim immigrants wo n't stop coming and they 're the hardest to integrate . 
  there 's no / s to add here . 
  you should stop over-interpretating and imputing what other people said . 
  http://ewybory.eu/sondaze/ the influence of the migrant crisis was enormous . 
  just after kopacz started advocating for open-door policy and agreed to take refugees po support fell from 38,1 % to 24.3 % . 
  it 's clearly seen on the grapgh . 
  pis and kukiz opposed this policy and their support went up , especially that it was a hot topic during whole summer and po did n't change their stance . 
  the argumentation of pis is that this would be just a beginning of a dynamic which leads to results similiar to french in which poles are n't interested . 
  especially with middle east becoming more and more messy , turkey becoming more and more aggressive and climate wars ahead of us . 
  i 'm not a pis voter . 
  you said that , not me . 
  it would n't , the argumentation of pis is that this would be just a beginning of a dynamic which leads to results similiar to french in which poles are n't interested . 
  especially with middle east becoming more and more messy , turkey becoming more and more aggressive and climate wars ahead of us . 
   there 's just no benefit seen to bringing in more people it depends who are these people . 
  too much safety and prosperity makes people blind on any upcoming threats . 
  well , there is a crack in everything . 
  that 's how the light gets in . 
  you 're asking for a solidarity in jumping off the bridge . 
  from 2015 , nothing really fueled pis support more than their hard stance against me immigrants and along with po supporting migrations quotas it was the direct reason why support for those two parties shifted in 2015 . 
  good job , commision , as always . 
  people used to die for their countries . 
  if you 're not doing anything becouse you 're worry about being called racist , bigoted or something like that , you already lost and what 's more ... if that 's the case , then you deserve it . 
  anyway , we will welcome all sharia refugees from western europe  . 
  you realise that this is only to be getting worse ? 
  we had a polish version of rtl ( rtl7 ) in the 90 's / early 00 's and cobra 11 was aired there . 
  i dunno if they aired it anywhere else later becouse i pretty much stopped watching tv but i remember that i liked it . 
  i 'm not reading blog posts but your data which shows cleary that chillean economy started to recover in 1984 and data on hdi which shows cleary that chile in pinotchet times had a rising human development and data on unemplyment showing clearly that it was falling in the last 6 years of pinochet rule . 
  ** you ca n't read your own data and you ca n't read data that 's being provided to you . 
  ** you should n't participate in discussions becouse you 're unable to have a conversation based on arguments and arguments that you provide are proving that you are wrong . 
  facts with sources rovided are clear , gdp was growing and it was growing faster than average for latin america , unemployment was falling and hdi was growing . 
  all these trends did n't change much during the 90 's until second half of the 90 's when they changed ... to a bit worse . 
  if you ca n't accept facts , you should n't participate in discussion based on facts . 
  and that territory gain was achieved with an enormous cost . 
  i do n't see this effort really being paid off anytime soon . 
  what if she 's a bad teacher ? 
  i remember in 2015 being massively downvoted on reddit when saying that putin is no chess master at all and taking crimea along with intervening in donbas is a huge mistake for russia . 
  i also said that this might even lead to destabilisation and maybe even breakup of russia and i 'm not happy about that at all ( if you 're suggested by my flair ) becouse this would hit us too and eventually lead to series of political and economic crises among cee countries . 
  imho even the ukrainians are surprised that their weak and poor state ( i 'm honest ) managed to find support and succesfully ( compared to russian geopolitical plans towards ukraine ) resist russia . 
  for a state that was created in 1991 and was under constant political influence from russia , with elites that are under creation , which is n't in a good shape and still has a lot to learn , it 's a huge compliment . 
  congrats , no sarcasm here . 
  pinochet was chile 's president to 1990 . 
  chile got back into fast growth in 1984 and the dynamic of their growth did n't change much since then . 
  hence it does n't really matter when chilean economy outpaced latin america average . 
  it was just a formality after the economy was set to grow in 1984 . 
  there was no major change in the dynamic of growth after pinochet was deposed . 
  maybe these later reforms did matter for the general hdi of the country , but they did n't matter much for the economic growth which was , btw , faster than mentioned average since then , not since 1990 . 
  and before the crisis ? 
  it the cumulative growth between 1973 and 1981 was about 1 % lower than the average ( which was ~ 20,5 % ) and mainly becouse the bad first two years after the coup , after that , until the crisis chile 's growth was actually faster than the average . 
  ** for the whole pinochet period 1973-1990 , according to your own data , the cumulative growth was 16,23 % for latin america . 
  for chile it was 43,3 % ** . 
  chile economy was developing over twice as fast as latin america ( with chile included in this ) during pinochet despite the 1982 cia crisis and despite inheriting an economy which was already falling for 2 years when he got into power . 
  it seems you ca n't read your own data . 
  and if you insist that the 1982 crisis was a cia job , then it puts pinochet 's government even in better light .
