  you 're not that stupid to extrapolate your own taste as a general statistic , are you ? 
  to be at the table when the american-chinese proxy or open war ends and during those events . 
  hey slovakia , you ca n't be mad on us after those tons of cash we spend in your mountains :p, 
  is n't that just formalizing operations that are already working ? 
  i was in budapest lately by train and there were at least 5 passport/id controls during the trip back . 
  good . 
  looks like moderate right wingers were 100 % right . 
  what a surprise . 
  maybe thanks to that germans will get their common sense back . 
  your stupid whining does n't make it better either . 
  1/4 is far from majority . 
  false . 
  everything is different except the fact that people are more likely to choose extreme . 
  well , historically germany tend to have a 99 % efficient assimilation policy which gives a minority three options : 1 ) become german like hell 2 ) go away 3 ) get exterminated . 
  the 1 % is for lusatian sorbs . 
  everyone 's still thinking in the old way around here , ignoring the china factor , 
  hungarians are our soul-mates , but they 've got a different geographic position that makes them less anti-russian ( becouse them being on the right side of the carpathians ) and more anti-turkish ( becouse them being on the wrong side of the carpathians ) . 
  allright . 
  show me the data that shows most of those syrian immigrants being in the upper part of the syrian society . 
  it would look fine in a proper architectural context ... in gotham city that is . 
  one of the few buildings built in last 50 years around here that will actually stand for 5 + hundreds of years . 
  the second is liche\u0144 basilica . 
  i ca n't see another example to be honest . 
  is n't lego making money mostly on video games nowdays ? 
  pis hates poland , they love their vision of what poland should be . 
  too bad you ca n't run for president in denmark, 
  the main reason is the refusal of the mainstream parties on fixing problems which concerned more and more people . 
  what bill clinton said about poland was one of the reasons why she lost michigan . 
  after that trump used this occasion to convince them on voting for him and he had an easy job . 
  i do n't remember their names . 
  we visited a few on both sides of the river , one of the boats sunk . 
  cheap shots everywhere , but no people dancing . 
  then while being drunk , we crossed trough some poor neighbourhood and reached sobe party gathering i think some kind of celebrities . 
  it was a crazy night . 
  it was those boat-clubs by the sava river, 
  i agree with your second sentence , but not with the first . 
  i remember that voting being quesiotned by some republican supporters as well , trump included . 
  these things occur every 4 years since at least 2000 when al gore won the popular vote . 
  i think you 're not looking at the roots of the situation . 
  there 's reason why syrian conflict started and no , it was n't the iraqi war . 
  why do you think this will happen ? 
  it 's just unlikely . 
  why do something when you can do something aaand get paid . 
  i know how it works . 
  i just do n't agree this system reflects peoples will and therefore i think it 's wrong . 
  opinion of the minority in states dominated by the opposing side does n't count . 
  i know that small states need to be protected and this is not something i 'm agaist . 
  however you do n't need an electoral collegy to do that . 
  since the system started 179 electors voted against the will of their voting district - how is that democratic or reflecting peoples will ? 
  besides , with the electoral system , the winner takes it all in each state - it also is n't reflecting peoples will . 
  a more fair system would be if the result in each state was proportional to better reflect peoples will . 
  you can just simply give each state some points based on their population with a little favorizing for the small states . 
  then you directly vote for your candidate inside each state . 
  after that you 've got a set of results each candidate got in the state . 
  then , this result can be mapped on the number of points the state has . 
  this is fairer , faster , cheaper and the small states are protected . 
  it 's more complex than that . 
  bullshit , it 's just a relict from times when it was n't easy to communicate across a country with vast territory and no or little infrastructure . 
  she also won in the popular vote with about 150 000 votes . 
  it 's the archaic and stupid voting system in usa that caused trump to win . 
  but you 're right , she 's annoying and this made it only worse . 
  i was n't much later . 
  khmelnytsky uprising was 1648 -- 1657 , the polish -- lithuanian -- ruthenian commonwealth proposal was 1658 . 
  it was after the uprising and a ruthenian duchy was considered during those events . 
  i think he 's got your irony . 
  he 's just acting provocative becouse you made him sad or angry . 
  this guy is all thinking about our past glorious empire and now you come , spoiling the fun . 
  how could you !, 
  which status quo ? 
  there were a few and all ruined . 
  and rubber stamp workshops . 
  they 're everywhere !, 
  been there but very shortly . 
  could someone tell me if this is on regular basis ? 
  - dancing ? 
  there is no dancing in couples in serbia . 
  people in clubs are just standing and talking ( despite the music being so loud , that you ca n't easly talk ) sitting and talking or standing by the table and singing . 
  - serbs are n't into integration with foreighners . 
  they do n't want to talk with you and girls are literally afraid and scared that you approach them ( only to talk of course ) - no kebab . 
  seriously , i did n't spot a single place where i might get a kebab in belgrade . 
  but as i said , i was there in a very short period of time . 
  as usual , sea power allies with land power against the hybrid power . 
  he ran a government under which poland rised significantly in gdp ( compared to other european countries ) , hdi , ief , db . 
  also corruption index was getting better and administration was becoming more effective ( which is also seen in ief sub-indicator ) . 
  and on the top of that there 's this revolution in our infrastructure development . 
  years 2007 and 2015 are completely different realities when it comes to roads around here . 
  also our poistion on the international scene was getting better with every year . 
  poland was seen as a reliable and predictable partner . 
  i 'm sad , that so many poles fell for pis media lies . 
  they literally were sayng , that poland is in ruin . 
  but after this year , this massive stupidity of the mob has gone global anyway . 
  tusk government was objectively one of the best moments in polish history as a whole . 
  ... and ? 
  it 's the truth . 
  taking over the media happens after every elections . 
  this time they 're just taken by someone you do n't like . 
  i would n't be so sure without looking at numbers . 
  both sides have their mouths full of arguments but it 's simply to early to say about brexit consequences on economy . 
  most of french economic problems are caused by their overregulated system which is a french fault . 
  kaczynski and orban are n't right wing extremists .
