   and that looting was done with the explicit help of western businessmen connected to political elites , such as marc rich . 
  there are many others . 
  numbers . 
  without numbers those are empty words , `` many '' does n't mean anything . 
  you 'd have to show how much of your gdp each year was wasted and transferred outside , you 'd have to show who 's done it and how did those connections of these people with the west looked like . 
  without that , it 's nothing more than an opinion . 
  an easy , blame-the-west-not-us opinion that still has n't got a characteristics of a fact . 
  you 're blaming the west , but you fail to prove it 's the west fault . 
  you 've got one guy and you ca n't tell how much money he looted nor how was his looting ordered from the west . 
  the information you provided does n't imply your west-blaming opinion . 
   overseeing a 50 % decline in gdp per capita over 10 years . 
  first of all , the gdp started falling in the soviet times and it has to do with the collapse of the communist system and the collapse of the eastern block markets . 
  yeltsin is `` responsible '' ( happened during ) only for 7 first years after the ussr end when the gdp fall already broke loose . 
  and in his last year , the reforms that were done during his cadency started to bring first results and russian gdp started to grow . 
  too bad , most of that political potential brought by this growth was stolen by putin 's group later on . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/04/gdp_of_russia_since_1989.svg/2000px-gdp_of_russia_since_1989.svg.png something like that happened in ukraine . 
  these things happen in times of turmoil and yeltsin could n't do anything about it in a satisfying period of time . 
  you ca n't keep a value of something if it looses value when the former buyers are gone . 
  if there 's nobody to buy something you were selling previously , the price will fall . 
  ca n't you understand , that the collapse of the soviet block was n't only a geopolitical breakdown but also a breakdown of a pretty huge market ? 
  people who were forced to buy most of things from inside the block , after being freed , choosed to buy things from other producers . 
  even finland , which was n't even in the eastern block but was an exporter and importer to/from ussr went down from 28300 to 17600 in todays dollars . 
  that 's also a massive drop . 
  and even in finnish case , it took about 4 years until they found new markets and started growing again . 
  russia had the biggest drop becouse on the one hand it had the least flexible economy among those countries and on the second hand it was the most addicted ( to a market that in a large part was gone ) country among them . 
  even if there was a massive looting supported by the west , most of that drop is easly explained with the reasons all participants of that market had to deal with . 
   contrary to popular opinion , poland has not been a spectacular success . 
  compare ireland and korea during their `` take-off '' periods . 
  poland grew a meager 45 % in per capita terms in the first 10 years after independence . 
  it 's a pretty spectacular success if you ask me . 
  we were one of the poorest countries in the european part of the eastern block . 
  we were doing ( compared to other eastern block countries ) quite fine until 1978 when the crisis started during gierek cadency . 
  in the 80 's , we were poorer than the ussr . 
  the only country that was poorer than us ( in the european part of the block ) in the 80 's , was , if i remember good - romania ( madisson historical data ) . 
  if you noticed that there was a global wave , you also should know that gdp growth is n't only tied to what 's country doing with it 's economy , but it 's also tied with the geographic context of each country . 
  the gdp growth is tied up with the growth that your trade partners are having . 
  south-east asia in the 90 's was developing faster than europe , and most of polish new trade partners were naturally european . 
  and especially in that context this http://i.imgur.com/cuvumgf.png or this http://i.imgur.com/q3yvlfl.jpg or this ( map ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_growth_1980%e2%80%932010 is pretty much proving that the popular opinion is right . 
  the data speaks for itself . 
  numbers are showing , that the `` shock therapy '' and it 's continuation was a success ( at least here ) . 
  i can provide you with other historic measures , like hdi , ief and so on . 
  and yeltsin or his people , despite being a drunkie , also managed to get russia back on track after a ( i admit - long ) while . 
  if the change in the growth trend does n't satisfy you , i can provide you with historic economic indicators that are showing a progress at the end of yeltsin era . 
  and all i hear from you is `` yeltsin was a drunk , so it 's impossible that he could do anything good '' . 
  this is not an argument . 
  it does n't however surprise me , that it took longer , as russia was the core of the collapsed market . 
  i 'm not responding to your primitive ad hominem insults . 
  they are n't saying anything about me , but they do say a lot about you . 
  if you decide to continue trying to offend me , i 'm going to have to ignore your posts , but to be honest i 'm not expecting any real data that would make your opinions a fact anyway . 
  no , becouse canada is doing what she 's told and ... it 's a rational decision as it 's the best option on the table in their case . 
  if uk would like to do what uk is told by eu , it would probably stay in eu . 
  no , you 're wrong becouse uk would seek help in the anglosphere which , with a leading role of us has no interest in the existence of a european federation . 
  how do you want to maintain longterm peace between further integrating europe and britain ? 
  what 's your idea ? 
  it 's not low or high that 's making people angry . 
  it 's the change itself , people hate to adjust to changes . 
  us just had a ` legal revolution ' despite being a wealthy country . 
  if 2017 will be a very bad year for russian aconomy , then putin will be forced to resign from starting in 2018 elections by people around him . 
  that does n't mean that the person after him will be better . 
  they do n't have that much time ( no , potential russians reading it , not becouse nato will attack you ) . 
  this is very sad , they keep blaming wrong people and as far as i can see , nobody can do anything about that . 
  it 's a ticking disaster . 
  the regime bought a couple years thanks to that . 
  for some time yes , they can sacrifice a lot , nobody but them knows what for , but even their patience ends at some point , that 's how 1917 happened . 
  that 's why the real opposition is inside this party , behind putin 's back . 
  if people think their loyality is based on anything else than money then they 're wrong . 
  yes , if russia destabilizes , investors will probably run away from russian neighbours as well . 
  a stable russia is crucial for world peace . 
  many people in russia are hanging his picture in their homes and offices already . 
  i can only repeat myself once again . 
  i answered this in my second post here . 
  you did n't really answer any of that , you 're only repeating what you 've been told and what i 've already adressed , you 're not adding anything to the narrative i already answered ( except numbers taken out of nowhere ) . 
  if you want to change nothing and continue heading to a wall , keep believing it . 
  and no , why would i need your oligarchs ? 
  these suggestions , that i might want to harm you are the best proof to me how much you 're trapped in this propaganda . 
  this is the false narrative i was talking about , picking up few cases and unjustified extrapolating them on the whole spectrum of your problems , numbers taken out of completely nowhere that can only cause misjudgement and not focusing on the root of the problem . 
  you wo n't get anywhere with that . 
  well if you compare almost every statistics , then yes , western countries averagely are much better than russia . 
  from gdppc , suicide rates , homicide rates , corruption rates , through divorce rates , bulglary rates , police efficiency rates , other public service efficiency , other crimes rates , abortion rates to hdi , ief , hiv , doing business rates and almost all other possible objective measures . 
  russia is a moral disaster ( despite that russians like to pretend it 's the other way around ) and the west is just a better place to live and be , this is simply statistical data . 
  you 're going to blame all of that on the west ? 
  excuse me , but i do n't buy this blaming the west . 
  this is what putin wants russians to believe , that it 's everyone fault but not theirs . 
  i really ca n't see how it was supported by western capitals after your post . 
  you 're just making a statement , but you did n't really say anything that would support this view except the fact , that some of those criminals were friends with some western politicians . 
  this is a secondary issue which is n't reaching the root of the problem . 
  the main source of russian problems are russian elites and the shape that russian society has developed into in the first place . 
  putin did n't really changed the system , he replaced one gang with another , it 's still the same old `` householder taking care '' system , instead of rule of law system . 
  you know what that means for the russians ? 
  that their well-being is lineary tied to moral standards of the current houeholder ( s ) . 
  and one more thing . 
  russians are underestimating yeltsin . 
  he had an image of a drunk , so they foolishly associated him with the post-soviet trauma and looting only , while at the same time they did n't notice two things : 1 ) first years after one system failed and the second is being built are always tough , we all ( in the eastern block ) had that , maybe it was n't that dramatic becouse we usually had a lighter version of communism ; and 2 ) the reforms that were done back then ( in yeltsin times ) and which started to bring results after yeltsin , which benefited putin . 
  if putin would continue his approach on economy , russia would be a much better place today . 
  i get your narrative , i know it , there 's nothing exceptional about it ( as you suggested ) . 
  it 's a similiar thing like poles hating balcerowicz who was a reformer during those tough times after communism fall . 
  it was all about the same bullshit accusations about selling out the country , looting-styled privatization and so on . 
  people were angry , they called in `` shock therapy '' , many people lost their jobs becouse nobody wanted to buy our stuff , but after few hard years , the economy started to grow . 
  the difference is that his ideas had continuators later . 
  all that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing .
