  po is very pro-eu , just like nowoczesna . 
  if these two would get together , they would rather win . 
  remember that pis has 30-38 % support , not  50 % and that over 70 % of poles are pro-eu . 
  also , pis would n't win if not the immigration crisis in 2015 when they got extra 10 % . 
  besides , being part eu does n't mean buying french weapons . 
  we are ? 
  well , til . 
  i know he 's a twat . 
  he wrote once on his blog that austrian police is discriminating poles becouse he got fined after driving on a highway without a vignette on his windshield . 
  his explanations that he had it in his pocket all the time did n't convince austrian police . 
  just never heard about his stance on abortion . 
  agree , different times , different methods . 
  prussia had the same geopolitical interest in destroying poland as iii reich had . 
  well , i had an impression that many serbs are still angry about nato . 
  their museums are widely taking on the topic of nato invasion . 
  especially the elder seem to have anti-western stance . 
  not sure about the youth . 
  prussia had the biggest motive in partitioning plc becouse russia already controlled polish politics at large extent . 
  it was more and more like taking away some land from russian sphere of influence which plc became at that point . 
  for them it was a question if whole plc is going to be russia in the future or they 'll try to prevent this from happening by proposing partitions and taking parts of plc before that happens . 
  this is why prussia pushed for partitions more than other participants . 
  whatever it takes , not to admit that there is a particular problem with muslims which is n't the case among other immigrants with low education . 
  what did he say on abortion ? 
  i honsetly did n't hear him talking about this topic . 
  imho eastern europe will start being a target soon , becouse another terrorist attack in western europe is n't news anymore . 
  it 's the new normal there . 
  the problem that terrorists are having here is the lack of larger muslim communities which makes it hard for them to find support and assistance in local communities . 
  i hope this wo n't change . 
  primitive propaganda posters for the pleb , they never care about argumentation and are being convinced with trash like that . 
  that does n't change anything i 've said  . 
  seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  seriously , go troll elsewhere . 
  if you do n't have anything essential to add to the discussion , then do n't waste my time please . 
  not interested in any type of argumentum ad hominem `` discussion '' . 
  for better and for worse . 
  in uk , it 's changing into worse imho . 
  the catholic church not being fundamentalist enough was just a pretext . 
  lutheranism changed it 's ideology lot 's of times at the beginning . 
  protestantism was just about money robbery . 
  catholic church 's money . 
  kings and princes were able to confiscate possesions that belonged to the catholic church . 
  also , the pleb as well as nobles could start a new life with another woman without this being called adultery by their neighbours . 
  besides , kings could control what 's being preached in the churches and they were able to use them as propaganda tools becouse they were becoming heads of those churches so many of them supported the idea . 
  these are the real reasons why protestantism happened . 
  the church was no longer a power balancing the king 's power . 
  from that time , the church was in state 's service , just like in bysantium . 
  now you can all downvote me as much as you like . 
  it 's current shape is only temporary . 
  you 're in a process of change . 
  no , this process is far from end , but i 'm not surprised , the west is full of rootless people who does n't care about their culture . 
  that 's why you deserve to loose it and have it replaced in the first place . 
  what 's the percentage of iranians who 's having this attitude in western countries and how do you know that ? 
  source ? 
  what are these chances and how do you know that ? 
  wait and watch as the cultural landscape of your country changes forever . 
  they did once and end up loosing 1/4 of territory . 
  crusades were a modest attempt of taking back a bit of christian land after muslims took over all the middle east , which was dominated by christianity before that . 
  it 's a well known troll here . 
  do n't feed . 
  you asked for it , but you 're to naive and dull to realise this fact . 
  yeah , and becouse we were in personal union with hungary twice , we reached river save !, 
  also the geopolitical situation changed . 
  moscow started to unite eastern ruthenian lands after the golden horde declined and then it started conquering far-east resources eventually becoming a big power . 
  yes , before the commonwealth was created so it changes nothing . 
  nope , not as part of the plc. 
  however , moldova was a tributary state for plc for some time and before the real union , it was a tributary state for the kingdom of poland ( back then only in personal union with lithuania ) . 
  tell me , when you plan to go to a theater , cinema , concert or a match in a big city in western europe - do you have that disturbing feeling that `` something '' might happen tonight ? 
  he has a bow-tie . 
  in poland , a bow-tie in the public usually means it 's a korwin-mikke fan . 
  he 'll probably grow up . 
  this level of discussion is nothing to be proud of . 
  german newspapers went british . 
  geostrategic position that europe and us has is different , the threats both of these territories are having are different . 
  european countries that are joining nato are in a position of junior partners . 
  in case they would join nato as a similiar potential to american , they would want to renegotiate the deal so it fits their interest more and america is n't interested in such change . 
  and that is why . 
  so constructive , trump haters are . 
  this sub really became primitive . 
  lol , you 're trying to measure it with morals . 
  grow up . 
  islamists were weak , soviet union was a great threat trying to reach indian ocean . 
  now russia is n't strong , and islamists cause destabilisation in we . 
  that 's all . 
  let 's not forget that china is poor in the first place where most of the country still lives in third world conditions . 
  besides , their economy is gradually slowing down as bussiness seeking cheap workforce is more and more often looking at countries that are poorer than china . 
  if they wo n't reform their system , this trend will continue . 
  it 's pretty easy to control chinese geopolitical ambitions on the sea , becouse of the mentioned two chains of islands with japan as the most important power.china wo n't have much trouble moving troops in their own backyard , it 's getting more than that which is problematic and you ca n't be a world hegemon without open access to the oceans . 
  their islandish neighbours will always seek ways to balance chinese dominance in the region and other powers will always see interest in not making china geopolitically breaking trough the two chains . 
  chinese nukes are n't a threat to us , it 's a threat to their non-nuke neighbours . 
  in case of open war with us , us would achieve dominance in the air pretty fast after a fast blockade of chinese ports , like sea powers always did with eurasian powers in case of wars . 
  the fact , that us with japan can easly block chinese economy with blocking the ports and then bombing airports is the direct reason why china is developing the silk road . 
  but the silk road ca n't replace sea trade , it can only be complementary to it . 
  anyway , the point is , that the geography of china is both , securing mainland china , but at the same time , slowing down global expansion . 
  the continental power that would eu become if it continues to integrate suffers similiar limits but on lesser scale . 
  for example , when germany started an empire controlling european resources during ww2 , it was able to get access to the open oceans . 
  british were n't able to block all the access to the ocean . 
  by offering something to a certain group of countries that would be more attractive than eu . 
   china is a far greater threat to us geopolitical hegemony than europe will ever be chinese weakness is their geography . 
  china is surrounded by 2 chains of islands which ties their hands a lot and this is a constant factor that wo n't change . 
  it 's very hard for chinese hard power to have a comfort of swimming and projecting power further than in their own backyard and i do n't see that changing ever .
