  you 're having huge holes in your education . 
  a word to google for you : renaissance . 
  probably not all brutalist architecture too . 
  you recognize good architecture also by how it gets old . 
  if it gets old in an ugly way , it was a bad building from the beginning . 
  did you know that one of the subfunction of ornament on a building , is to drive your attention away from the ugly dirt on the walls , dropping plaster and rusting sills ? 
  brutalism is a good example of the biggest sickness of architecture as a occupational group . 
  some architects , esecially those on the top , often are designing buildings not to fit ordinary peoples needs but for themselves , so they can masturbate , or for other architects so they can be admired by other architects . 
  people just want to live in functional and nice looking buildings , these architects can stick their ` great ' ideas up their asses , nobody cares about contemplating concrete . 
  average people do n't think about architecture much on everyday basis and architects should know better what 's nice to people ( not nice to architects ! ), 
  than that . 
  i agree . 
  in my opinion she had to do what she 's done . 
  you ca n't freeze people in time , even if you 'd want to . 
  if there 's no prosperity for some reason in the first place , it 's better to cut funding earlier becouse it 's a waste of money . 
  it 's natural , that prosperity comes and goes and britain then was under a huge change . 
  it 's not her fault that his family had to move , but she might have been responsible for the timing . 
  i agree . 
  however , i 'm not talking only about reddit . 
  we just do n't consider having abortion on demand as progress , but as barbarity . 
  i was surprised when i realised how thatcher was hated . 
  all discussions on her topic that i 've seen were very emotional and had very little do to with rational argumentation . 
  i always thought british are smarter than that . 
  prove it . 
  like , paste a racist statement , she has made . 
  seriously , i do n't know any , i think i remember that she has been insulting islam ( however not sure ) , but i do n't remember her referring to race . 
  waiting . 
  western elites were incredible naive on many cases . 
  putin just seen that and used it . 
  you poor thing . 
  look out , one day it may kill you . 
  not for long with this attitude . 
  we secretely love you germany , even when we think you 're strange , 
  nice compliment . 
  oh , ukraine , you 're so dirty . 
  it 's impossible , becouse it depends on how much status quo revisionists are feeling hunted or scoffed down and this differs in different periods of time . 
  is it ? 
  i think there are n't way to read peoples minds or estimate what are they thinking . 
  we can only chceck what are they expressing . 
  polls results are usually commented with something like `` x % of asked [ ... ] ** exressed ** an opinion that [ ... ] '' and there 's a reason for it . 
  you 're so funny when you 're making an idiot of yourself . 
  if there ever be a cee union , it should have commie blocks skyline on the flag . 
  and consequences of this recognition are ... ? 
  add a possible terrorist attack in spring in france and the eu is gone . 
  you can trust polls , just give some extra points for the status quo revisionists becouse their voters wo n't avow to the pollster what their views are that often . 
  but brexit did n't happened yet . 
  how can this be an evidence ? 
  this hegemony does n't have to necessarily be always profitable . 
  all those institutions , all that swiming , and maintaining communication lines costs money . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are wrong about how easy it is to create a company in france compared to uk . 
  no objective data says that . 
  http://www.doingbusiness.org/rankings http://www.heritage.org/index/heatmap i choose objective data to make my opinion , not your subjective opinions , sorry . 
  you can measure these things you know and the results are clear , france is just a moderately free economy which is n't making it elastic enough for our changing world . 
  if socialist government is simplifying the law then i 'm fine with it but there 's still a lot to do . 
  so you have no architectural knowledge whatsoever :(, 
  no , this is my personal opinion, 
  most wooden architecture has a colour of shit and those buildings are often beautiful . 
  what kind of argument this even is ? 
  anyway , i do n't see such connotations here . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  it 's an amalgamate of everything of everything that was right in previous architectural trends and mashing it together . 
  i think you 're overreacting . 
  i know that this is very unpopular view in france , but imho france need it 's economy to be liberalised drastically , it 's one of the most overregulated in the eu and it 's hard for business to function in it . 
  france needs to make the economy much easier for business to get out of the crisis . 
  this is not destructive , this is the proper cure for french economy problems and this is good , that someone finally wants to do that . 
  what are their economic programs ? 
  in my opinion it 's beautiful . 
  and no , i think you 're wrong , you can get used to bad architecture the same way you can get used to your depression becouse it never stops shaping the way you 're thinking on everyday basis . 
  i do n't know why you want to escape from responsibility for the voting result becouse you do n't know who 's better but you ca n't do that . 
  it 's mathematically impossible . 
  the only way it could be possible is if you 'd have your voting rights taken . 
  if this is n't happening , you 're voting even if you 're not voting and you 're voting for le pen . 
  this is the cruel truth , there 's no escape from this  . 
  i wrote in my previous post why this strategic alliance wo n't ever happen in longterm . 
  your post changes nothing what i 've said . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  china and eu are two hybrid growing empires that can cause trouble for the dominant sea empire ( us+uk ) as well as for dominant land empire ( russia ) . 
  those two do n't go each others way for the most time becouse their empires arose on controlling completely different trade routes in eurasia . 
  look at it historically . 
  it was usually the other way around , english were allies with russians when defeating the hybrid french empire , then americans when defeating the hybrid iii reich with ussr as an ally . 
  now americans will going to make a proposal for russia , to go against hybrid china . 
  eu-china vs anglosphere ( us ) - russia is really much more natural than eu-russia against china-anglosphere ( us ) . 
  the only way there 's anglosphere ( us ) vs russia is when the hybrid empires are down . 
  that was the cold war case , when europe was destroyed by war and china was destroyed by war and revolution so they could n't threatened also weakened ` landish ' russia . 
  we were n't close , we were far from it , it could n't work and it will never work . 
  and here 's why . 
  it could work if one of the following conditions would be fullfilled . 
  - russia was smaller , then joining eu would make it de facto part of eu . 
  this could work then . 
  - russia would be having natural geographical barriers between them and eu like us has , in current situation russia is afraid of european ` economic muscle ' that would end with european domination of russia and that 's something russian elites ca n't allow to happen and russia is big enough to resist . 
  also , europe would constantly be afraid of russian ` geopolitical expertise ' as it many times happen . 
  this fear always ended with another european-russian war once somebody managed to unite most of europe . 
  one of these conditions would have to be fullfilled and will never be . 
  also , there would have to be no american-british empire . 
  this is a geopolitical law . 
  the dominating sea empire allies with the dominating land empire against the growing hybrid empire . 
  the second condition ( after those two earlier would be fullfilled ) is the lack of strong sea empire . 
  eu-rus empire will never make it with the same reason why china-rus empire wo n't make it . 
  the sea will make russia an offer , it can not resist or the other way around .
