  they have a potential of being the dominant regional power , but they wo n't ever dominate the oceans and this is the only way you can become a unipolar superpower . 
  also in the continental side , china is surrounded by vast , empty spaces , that are protecting them but at the same time are making a lot harder for any geopolitical projects to come true . 
  this is also a contant factor . 
  this is china , it 's rather impossible to invade them and subdue them , but at the same time , their expansion has a lot of geographic limits on their way . 
  it 's always going to be a big economy , that however , wo n't be able to do as much as their potential ( without the geographic context ) could allow them . 
  they are a bigger threat ( not for the us itself , but for their hegemony ) in a way , that they 're far more integrated than europe is but it does n't have to be a constant factor . 
  it 's not geography , but a political will . 
  and more and more politicians in western europe are lately becoming more clear on the direction they want eu to be heading . 
   the us is going to lose its hegemony . 
  i do n't know that . 
  i see rather them changing their ` bussiness model ' one that was suited for cold war to something new , from land intervention which almost always was a mistake to keeping the balance in eurasia without anyone dominating this continent by agile selling weapons and contracts . 
  there 's no other force right now that can achieve global hegemony and geography has a crucial role to play here . 
  there 's going to be a unipolar world with american leadership but with a different ` model ' or a multi-polar world . 
   the question is whether it wants to be part of an alliance of mutual democratic values and interests that still dominate the world ... or throw it all away and let europe and china cooperate against this self-declared enemy . 
  this alliance will be gone without the american leadership that created it . 
  it 's just a temporary status quo , an ideological glue for players participating , like many others back in the history . 
  who knows what will be next . 
  more and more rights are being narrowed in the western world as us hegemony shrinks . 
  it 's natural , becouse in this situation , the political structures are becoming more detabilised and the political rivalry is getting more brutal . 
  it 's an open question if this status quo has 50 years more or 250 . 
   while current western democracies often disagrees , i ca n't find a single example where one of us considered another an actual enemy . 
  of course , this is true since ww2 which was n't the case earlier . 
  and the reason is the american leadership that created this world . 
  america built a political block to balance soviet union influence with them in the core and a list of junior partners that mostly agree with us policy . 
  this is n't true when american leadership is gone and junior partners want to renegotiate the deal they 're having . 
  a eu as a integrated geopolitical player will want to renegotiate becouse such eu wo n't allow to be an american junior partner in this world order anymore and in american interest is for eu to stay this way . 
   when the us decides to become a threat or when eu decides to become a threat to them  trump is throwing the us ' strongest ally into the hands of their strongest opponent . 
  there is no way to describe this other than idiocy . 
  that 's very naive to think . 
  it 's rather impossible for a rich guy , running big bussiness and not failing , having tonns of contacts to be an idiot . 
  but if he is , his team is n't . 
  for me their policy is completely understandable . 
  they just realise that power balance changes with weak russia and eu without the uk ballast possibly heading towards further integration and with clinton in charge , the vector of american policy would look the same . 
  and as i said , this will be proven as soon as democrats will take over the white house once again . 
  anyway , these changes are redefining the situation completely and us will seek to break the eu or slow down the integration process . 
  for example , us is pretty soft on hungary and poland disobeying the eu main political line and all that talk about democracy being under threat . 
  the biggest american nightmare is a strong and assertive eu under german leadership that would make weak russia or whatever there is on their place it 's own junior partner . 
  they absolutely ca n't allow that to happen from their interest and safety perspective at any circumstances . 
  in this case they would support russia to make it more assertive towards european influence as sea powers always did when someone wanted to unite all european resources ( napoleon or iii reich as examples ) under one power house . 
  mountains change a lot . 
  for example in the balkans , where you 've got mediterranean climate by the sea , but behind the dinaric mountains it 's dark , wet and cold . 
  i understand this way of thinking , but i do n't agree with it . 
  geopolitics does n't have to be shaped along with cultural lines and often are n't . 
  just like in french-turkish or german-turkish alliance , or like in german-japanese alliance or western-allies - soviet union alliance against germany or in many cases more . 
  and what is `` the west '' ? 
  it 's a xx century concept , not really old , not really stable . 
  what bounds geopolitical players is common interest and a federated europe with it 's own army , especially if allied with russia is rather a threat to us interest than a helping hand . 
  for the starters , it would naturally seek ways to trade with china ( and european - south-east asian trade route is the most important trade route in the world ) by land and that leaves the dominant sea power without a chunk of influence . 
  i do have an impression that you think this federated europe with it 's own army would just do what it 's told , just like western europe did in the cold war where as this fe would ( or will ) have much more assertive foreign policy . 
  and yeah , a strong eu would be very useful to balance a powerful russia that would n't want to become a part of the eu . 
  but russia probably is n't going to be too strong and if eu is - then us will need russia to balance eu . 
  i have to say , that it 's a nice view , if us&ef would together dominate the world as two western powers that agree with each other . 
  i just do n't believe it for the reasons above . 
  in these types of cooperation , there always has to be a leader , ef ca n't lead us and us ca n't lead ef . 
  that 's why imho us foreign policy in the future will have an intention to break the eu if eu continues to integrate . 
  and the reason is n't becouse `` trump is stupid m ` kay '' but becouse eu is starting an effort in trying to reach those levels that you 've mentioned in the consistent fear part . 
  it just happened that trump is the president in this point of history , after brexit and the migration crisis . 
  half-way eu is in the interest of us . 
  european federation imho is n't . 
  eu as an economic union is something else than eu as a federated state with army , nukes , aircraft carriers , basically a china bis on the western shores of eurasia . 
  i do n't see how us would allow that to happen . 
  it does n't have that much with persons behind affairs but with geopolitics in general . 
  putin or trump are not acting alone , they have their thinktanks behind them . 
  american relations with western europe have to be constantly changing becouse the power of balance is changing . 
  it was something else , when soviet union sphere of influence was few kilometers from hamburg and western europe was balancing soviet power in the region . 
  those relations have to look different when russia ca n't control ukraine and lukashenko winks at the west . 
  tbh , if obama was in charge now , his attitude towards eu would also change . 
  why ? 
  becouse with uk inside , there was a guarantee that eu would never evolve into a geopolitical player and that 's the goal as long as pro-eu parties are ruling in germany and france . 
  why was obama in uk supporting eu ? 
  not becouse of some stupid idealism . 
  it 's becouse uk in eu slows down european integration and kept it safe as a loose union . 
  now it 's not so sure and at some point it might be the eu that 's going to need to be balanced by something else . 
  and what 's the goal of us ? 
  to ensure that there 's no power anywhere in eurasia that could threaten us position in the world . 
  with trump or clinton , the policy us is having could be more or less effective , but it has to have a similiar vector and goal . 
  you 're going to see i 'm right the next time when democrats will took over . 
  their stance towards eu or germany ( as a leading force in eu ) wo n't change much unless eu brakes into much smaller bits . 
  european ford and american ford are basically two brands with one trademark . 
  i think he meant shopped food . 
  apart from the things everyone knows about czechia ( beer , atheism , kafka and so on ) : - bigger cities are very nice , especially prague . 
  - the country however often looks sad , neglected and abandoned - at least in moravia - and somehow it 's not the impression i get in slovakia where imho there 's a lot more life in these small towns , probably becouse tourism . 
  - i love czech movies , they 've got an unique sense of humour . 
  - also , the austrian architectural heritage is still beautiful . 
  - astrology , alternative medicine etc , seems to be popular in czechia - 90 's styled rock music is still very popular in their radio stations . 
  classic rock seems to be still a thing there and there 's a lot of older men with long hair , compared to other places in the region . 
  - `` excalibur city '' . 
  i do n't even ... how ... why ... it 's like kafka & disneyland on lsd . 
  land invasion in case of any western power is a mistake that should be reserved in a really exceptional situations . 
  they 'd be instantly outnumbered . 
  what they should do is sell weapons and business contracts trying to keep the power balance in the region that fits them . 
  obama knew that and trump is following that path . 
  well , the architect that renovated the presidential palance into it 's current shape and style on the inside was executed by germans in 1944 . 
  i do n't mean it offensive , it 's just a observation . 
  anyway , ` classicising modernism ' was a thing in the interwar period here , with sejm as one of the examples . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljxuivclrdg unfortunatelly , only in polish , but there are plenty of details shown in this documentary . 
  probably that there was n't any french-russian ties in henry i times becouse there was no russia , only kievan rus which in his opinion has more to do with modern ukraine than russia . 
  the broken moral spine germany once had healed awry after ww2 . 
   mi5 's capacity to investigate is limited to about 3,000 individuals at any one time . 
  people are added to and removed from the group of `` live '' suspects depending on assessments of who poses the greatest risk .
