  estonia is in a completely different geopolitical enviroment than hungary or the czechs . 
  the ` eastern flank ' , finland , baltics , poland and partly romania is defined in large part by the fear of russia , where as nations south to carpathian mountains does n't share that situation . 
  yeah , i have an impression that v4 does n't really have a more common interest that with other eu members , poland by it 's geopolitcs has common interest with the baltics , romania and maybe finland and those in v3 are safe down there , behind the carpathian mountains ( at least if turkey wo n't become a threat ) . 
  v4 was a good concept 10 or 20 years ago when we were all newly formed , seeking western acceptance , young , stupid and nobody . 
  but if we were to form blocks in eu . 
  i think we 'd be in different ones . 
  france and germany are now pushing for even more itegrated union with common border guard and even forces operating in the middle east . 
  if uk would want to go back , there wo n't be any space to make special deals anymore . 
  in the first years eu will make an example of uk , to show that exit is a bad idea . 
  after few years , if the union survives it maybe counting on status that norway has ( access to goodies , but you pay and have nothing to say ) or join the full thing . 
  i hate those jokes about the french not being into fighting to put it cautiously while france is the most active militarily european contry , except russia . 
  dude ... 
  nigel said you 'll be integrating with your commonwealth a bit more xd, 
  that was fast . 
  it looks like the biggest eu powers are mad at uk for all the special treatment uk demanded for years , just so uk would stay , and at the end it 's all for nothing . 
  now it 's like special treatment - reversed . 
  okay , 1939-45 time frame is as good as 1900-1902 , the joke is n't even funny but the one who really seems serious or upset is you . 
  i feel like i triggered something here after mentioning the british concentration camps during second boer war , sorry bout that !, 
  you started it with mentioning a thing from 80 years ago , everyone can play that game . 
  yes you did . 
  during second boer war . 
  if you do n't have any factual arguments against my views , i 'm not interested in how was your day . 
  you can laugh as hard as you want , but please do n't waste my time by sharing this with me . 
  you 're utterly insolent . 
  the onus probandi lies on the ones who call it a superstate , not on me . 
  no such thing that could be called this way emerges from the lines of the proposal . 
  it 's the job of the ones who called it this way to show which lines justifies such claim . 
  nato has common command organising common missions under a nato flag and those nato armies are made of it 's national members armies . 
  these thigs do n't have to contradict each other as you 're trying to suggest . 
  it 's about making a common response to dangers on the south and east of the eu borders , current eu forces are to small to do it . 
  i do n't understand ceeuropeans sometimes . 
  they do n't want to be put on the sidetrack when someone proposes a two-speed europe , where you can choose how integrated do you want to stay , but at the same time , when someone proposes further integration for everyone without anybody being left behind , it 's also bad . 
  i know i 'm in minority , also - i know i 'm right . 
  however i do n't know why are you telling me this becouse as i told you before - i agreed it 's not the best moment for these things . 
  the proposal does n't ban national armies in any way . 
  i hope they succeed and convice the people it 's the right direction . 
  i 'm not missing the point . 
  i said already that i mostly agree with those proposals that actually were made . 
  i always supported common border guard , the idea of the european nato and further economic integration and also i already agreed that 's maybe not the best moment . 
  i 'm not obsessed , i 'm just surprised how pis media are openly lying ( and suggesting that eu wants to ban national armies is openly lying ) and that there are people intelectually corrupted enough to defend them suggesting that `` meh , they 've only put this in these words '' . 
  no , it 's not just a way of putting words , it 's openly misleading poor people for the need of their propaganda . 
  it 's not a superstate proposal as pis media suggested . 
  you ca n't change that fact no matter how hard you stomp your feet . 
  no , superstate does n't fit it at all . 
  someone would have to a large amount of bad will to call it this way . 
  that 's a fact . 
  you 're a pelican of pis media . 
  that 's an another fact , this time about your person . 
  the direction proposed in this document is right . 
  not sure about the timing . 
  it proposes further economic integration , but not the way it was described , a start of something that maybe one day becomes a european nato and a try in making a common foreign policy in some areas where an agreement is possible . 
  pretty much the only thing pis media were right about this document is the refugees handling . 
  i 've read the whole thing on tvpis site , where it 's in pdf format . 
  it 's not a prosposal of a superstate as pis media are trying to show it . 
  i agree with pretty much most of the things that are proposed , especially common border security force . 
  it does n't `` ban '' national armies , and it does n't do most of the lies that pis media are telling people . 
  i hope they succeed . 
  great news is that you 're a pelican . 
  this is n't a superstate proposal as pis media says . 
  well , a 5mln scotland with euro and shengen in eu is far more valuable than a 65mln obstructionist who always says no to everything and demands special treatment ... i 'm not surprised eu reaction is n't ` oh no , please stay ' , but ` chop-chop britain , do it quickly ' . 
  emotions can be fixed very quickly if there 's a will to do it , it 's the politicians that should think rationally . 
  there 's a beatiful key word : common interest . 
  i 'm only saying that in geopolitical terms it 's abnormal for baltics , belarus and poland not to be in an alliance as it leads to russian dominance over the region . 
  the only way it did n't happened is becouse the presence of u.s. influence around . 
  and as we 'd all really love to be adopted by someone strong and far away , it ca n't work longterm and the whole region will need decide about it 's future soon . 
  lukashenko , as funny as it sounds , has the keys to yours and ours security becouse without him turning west , baltics are lost and we 're neutralised . 
  you have no idea about geopolitics . 
  the only country in the world for which it 's a matter of life or death if you 're still there as a country is poland . 
  the sooner you realise that , the better for the whole baltic-black sea bridge . 
  nordics , geopolitically are on an island . 
  the nordic-baltic allegiance is as valuable as nato ensurements . 
  yeah , they do n't want to have russia on the other side od the baltic . 
  but they wo n't sacrifice anybody to keep it this way if russia reaches you becouse they know they 're on the lost position . 
  every war game has proven , that there is no way to save the baltics without a polish-belarussian alliance . 
  these are the facts . 
  if eu fails and as an alternative we wo n't build the intermarium union ( also as a military alliance ) , you 're going back to russia , becouse the nordics does not have the will nor the capabilities to fight for you . 
  we , on the other hand know , that we 'd be next . 
  if shit hits the fan , poles however can have at least hope to end in german sphere of influence . 
  you ca n't have even that hope . 
  i agree that petty nationalism does n't make it any easier , however it wo n't probably last long . 
  nationalism usually worns out pretty fast and it 's successful mainly becouse the mainstream parties did n't adress issues , that people are concerned about . 
  nationalistic parties are doing that , but their solutions wo n't work . 
  with good timing , this would be the point when the eu is proposing a new start with a solution that sounds and is effective . 
  if ... they 're able to find it . 
  am i the only one to think that eurocrats are actually happy about the referendum results as they can create a political union among the first 6 ? 
  maybe with some addons . 
  the arabic numbers are n't really arabic . 
  they just brought them to europe from india . 
  i agree with the rest , however this violence in present is some other religions , for example buddists attacking muslims in birma . 
  what about people who does n't have english ethnic background , but living in english speaking provinces ? 
  well , they 're paying 92 % of the sum they 'd pay if they were in eu . 
  i always thought that canadians have large sentiment towards uk . 
  i do n't really think those voices were loud . 
  except us maybe , but i did n't mention us anyway . 
  has the queen said anything about all the fuss ? 
  is n't uk federal already ? 
  i mean , you have your own parliament and even a pm . 
  it 's not named a federation becouse it 's a kingdom , not a republic . 
  and as they were the biggest obstructionists this brexit maybe is n't that bad for the eu after all ... they 're going to agree on free movement , they 'll need to obey the eu law to be in the market , they 'll have to pay , just like norway does and at the same time , they wo n't be making trouble anymore !, 
  now i understand why eu elites , germany and france were n't really supporting the remainers .
