  look , i value the culture of my country with the religion included . 
  i do n't value muslim culture and that 's why i do n't want the cultural landscape of my country to be changed into a muslim one , even if the majority of those people are good . 
  i have all rights to demand from my government , not to follow western european mistakes . 
  also , i do n't agree , religion has a large part in shaping values of given person and i do n't value quran values as well and i do n't want them to spread around the country and it would only make it easier if large muslim groups would be living here . 
  in small numbers - sure - i like to visit an arabic restaurant from time to time or enjoy other good aspects of their culture . 
  i 'm going to shock you - i even learned arabic a bit just for fun . 
  but any advantages that come with having large muslim groups inside the country are outnumbered with so many costs that i do n't see a reason to bring in these people in massive numbers like you do . 
  now you can write more ad hominem ` arguments ' and insults adressed to me  ) . 
  jesus , this sub went low . 
  i normally do n't answer to ad hominem insults like yours , but you said a very ignorant thing . 
  this proportion is n't constant and it 's growing in favor of muslims , this process will speed up when baby boomers will start dying out as the muslims in europe are usually much younger ( at the same time , native germans have one of the lowest fertility rates in the world ) . 
  his language is rude , but he 's right , ethnic tensions are only going to grow in western europe , also in germany . 
  you 're ignoring the ` redistribution plan ' that was meant to be forced upon us . 
  and the second thing is that by taking in a group of people you 're not just taking in those persons , but also you 're taking in politicians that want to get their goals with these people . 
  you 're also ignoring crime that comes with many among these people . 
  last but not least , we value our culture and we do n't want our cultural landscape to change to a muslim culture , which we do n't value after the experience seen in western europe . 
  just like parts of my family . 
  two siblings of my grandpa who ended up in western europe becouse they were forced by germans to work in western germany . 
  after the war , when it was pretty sure poland was meant to to become communist after churchill , stalin and roosevelt decision , they decided to live in france near luxembourg . 
  the second generation hardly spoke polish ( however they understood everything ) . 
  one of them became actually a bit ` repolonised ' becouse he married a polish but the third generation is completely french . 
  thank you , now when you mentioned it , i feel safer , this 52 % was schocking low to me . 
  fuck , are we really going to be some kind of armenia , one of the last good old normal christian country in a sea of islam ? 
  you 're just blind , nothing to be proud about , best example how the german moral spine healed defectively after ww2 . 
  i 'm not a hypocrite , i just do n't recognize argumentation for the ` polish death camp ' ban as emotional , like you do . 
  i 'm really telling this over and over again like to a 5 year old , and still you seem not to understand this simple fact . 
  we have n't , becouse you ca n't tell why argumentation for ` polish death camp ' term ban is emotional , you 're just dogmatically repeating that it is and just like every ideological fanatic ever since , you ca n't simply understand that someone else is not following your dogma . 
  convincing me on this point would be a starting point , but you wo n't even try as it 's something obvious to you . 
  not to me  . 
  do n't impute things on me , that 's rude . 
  i 'm not emotionally compromised about the topic on ` polish death camps ' . 
  the argumentation i 've heard on this topic is rational imho , not emotional , that 's why my conclusion on this topic differs from the conclusion on the catalan independence . 
   i 'm just following the same reasoning you 're using against the catalonians but in your opinion argumentation for the polish death camps ban is emotional , in my opinion it 's not . 
  try to understand that we differ here , becouse that 's why you 're against , and i 'm in favor . 
  you 're avoiding the one thing over and over again : that i do not recognize argumentation for the ` polish death camp ' term ban as emotional . 
  why this fact is so problematic for you , that you needed to start offending me , using ad hominem or making things up about my personality not even knowing me . 
  just get over it , alone . 
  the statistical model shows they will increase in the nearest future among the few biggest religious groups , globally . 
  there 's nothing to believe or not here . 
  and what happens next is unpredictable . 
  this trend has more to do with a kind of cultural momentum than with getting more or less civilised . 
  what you 're seeing is not an objective measure with an use of scientific methods , however , partially you 're right . 
  societies in the west are becoming more polarized . 
  often a political ideology takes places in peoples minds that was previously occupied by one of the religions , but i do n't see how is it smarter . 
   in europe , latin america , and northern america christianity is declining which together are n't even 25 % of world population , where as - let me repeat again - globally , christianity is growing as the statistics show . 
  as well , as - let me repeat - globally , agnosticism is getting smaller . 
  civilised countries are often changing faith from religious faith to a secular one ( different options ) . 
  we 'll see how they 'll end up . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the catholic church is by it 's name itself global , i thought that the context is clear that when i 'm saying `` the catholic church is getting bigger '' i meant the global context , not in some particular place . 
  if i was referring to a situation in given local context then i would add `` the catholic church in europe/america/africa is getting bigger/smaller '' . 
  if someone is referring to the catholic church and not narrowing it geographically , then the obvious context is global , and yes , globally the catholic church is growing ( about 31 000 new members each day )  and i do n't believe projects according to religion growths . 
  what ? 
  no , as percentage it 's almost constant . 
  the dynamic of growth of the catholic church is very similiar to the growth of world population . 
  and as the catholic church does n't have to worry about not having enough members , it can worry about not having enough priests . 
  the growth of the church was pretty enormous in last 4-5 decades , but at the same time , the number of priests was more or less constant . 
  after the crisis of the late 80 's , lasting to the beginning of the 00 's , the number of priests is growing again ( 10-13 millions more than at the lowest point in the 90 's ) , however the number of members had already grown to a number in which an average priest has much more work to do than in let 's say 70 's . 
  it makes it really hard , to keep a priest dedicated to one church in small villages , like it was in the old days . 
  you 're looking at europe , which makes up only about 11 % of the world population . 
  i 'm talking about global trends , not local . 
  the situation in europe is pretty much an anomaly nowdays , but of course , counted in the global statistics . 
   in 1970 , nearly 82 % of the world 's population was religious . 
  by 2010 this had grown to around 88 % , with a projected increase to almost 90 % by 2020 . 
  http://www.gordonconwell.edu/ockenga/research/documents/christianityinitsglobalcontext.pdf and many more , it 's really easy to access such data . 
  pretty much all major religions are growing , where as folk religions , atheits and agnostic people are getting smaller in numbers . 
  globally . 
  it 's loosing some followers , however the catholic church is getting bigger and bigger with every year . 
  why are you trying to offend me . 
  this sub has really gone low . 
  which part of my post do you not understand ? 
  i said it cleary , to me , most arguments against ` polish death camps ' are not emotional , in my opinion most of them are rational and therefore i do n't think that it 's a bad idea to ban the term . 
  you do n't have to use ad hominem offending jut becouse i do n't agree with your statement that arguments again ` polish death camps ' are emotional . 
  i do n't see them this way and this is why in my opinion the ban should be kept . 
  had no idea that such resentiments exist there after all these years . 
  yes , however most arguments that i hear about ` polish death camps ' are n't emotional , that 's why i do n't agree with your view . 
  that 's true , sadly ( in my opinion ) . 
  not from me . 
  but it seems my impression is correct . 
  i do n't see how is this relevant in context of creating modern states for today living people . 
  why is `` a country that never existed before '' an argument ? 
  so what ? 
  everyone has a price . 
  when i ask catalonians why they actually want independence , i was always getting an answer that consisted mostly emotional argumentation , which makes me think that this is a bad decision . 
  you mean setting cars ablaze or writing useless comments ? 
  so it 's pretty much an emotional argument , not rational , becouse madrid has the best location for a capital . 
  catholic, 
  the netherlands are actually more catholic than protestant right now . 
  stop trolling , you moron . 
  i 'm just saying that they 're living in far more similiar worlds when it comes to gun control , gun laws and gun accesibility than two whites in different countries which makes black and whites living in the same country far more comparable than two whites living in different countries and adapted to different realities . 
  50 years ago was 50 years ago . 
  if blacks ca n't leave the past , and that 's why they 're choosing to live in backwarded `` gangsta '' culture then they can blame only themselves . 
  those who actually left that past and are n't building their identity on being opposed to everything that country stands for ( which pushes them to living in a violent , unsecured reality ) are having a far better life , away from violence . 
  moreover , the fact that these people exist - in not so small number - is a proof , that personal culture does n't have to be determined by history to the point you 're suggesting . 
  people can choose . 
  you think i 'm ignorant at this point but you lack any serious argumentation . 
  blacks and whites are living in much more common background when it comes to gun culture , gun control laws , gun accessibility when they 're living in the same country . 
  comparing groups in different countries can only say about the differences in both systems , not both ethnic groups . 
  the diffrences about which you 're talking about are the consequences , not the reasons , it 's 2016 and you ca n't blame far away past for todays violence among black americans . 
  and i did n't say it 's strictcly connected to race itself ( from a scientific , biological point of view , human races does n't even exist , maybe with pigmeys as an exception for some ) , but to certain culture that is popular among people of given skin colour and this culture can promote better or worse values , more or less violence , etc.
