  some are smarter , some stupid , some pretty , some ugly , some strong , other weak . 
  ignoring this fact is retarted . 
  when you 're making decisions on state levels , sometimes you need to decide , which people can come , and which group can bring trouble becouse it consists a larger number of people who are not welcomed , like criminals or people not willing to work legally . 
  that 's why you do n't have visas to usa and we do . 
  i do n't know . 
  the more productive , the less crime-generating , the better . 
  humans nor cultures are n't equal , are far from it . 
  only in face of law , if they 're citiziens , they 're and should be equal . 
  or just be welcoming for ones they choose to ? 
  what 's about that crazy idea that we should be welcoming for everyone on the same level . 
  i think you should ban it , but not becouse male circumcision ( i do n't have anything against it ) , but becouse my egoism , that is i 'd like to have our jewish community at least partly back  . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_homage the fact that poland did n't make prussia a part of poland back then is often seen as one of our ( many ) mistakes . 
  if geopolitical ambitions are different , what 's the point of eu anyway ? 
  your views seem to be contradictory . 
  however , imho , there are few points where we all agree . 
  for example , that borders of eu should be protected . 
  britain is in a different position becouse it has different choices . 
  you can turn to your post-colonial countries , or to the anglosphere . 
  even if it 's an illusion ( your position would n't be better compared to the position you had in the eu or maybe , as the third world developes , even worse ) , this potential choice influences your policy . 
  but with an eu army , imho eu and britain will become hostile to each other in a way of hostility between russia and eu right now or maybe worse . 
  the key point of british foreign policy when it comes to europe since always was to prevent anyone from uniting european potential under one powerhouse that would be left without british influence . 
  that 's why you fought against napoleon , central powers and third reich . 
  that 's geopolitically extremely hostile for uk , as you 're used to having your own geopolitical huge ambitions . 
  having this elephant just few miles away from you would prevent you from using the freedom and possibilities that are given to you due to the geopolitical advantages that islandish geography on the edge of europe offers . 
  well , britain is n't and ca n't be an empire anymore . 
  if eu becomes a stable super-power , britain has two choices . 
  it can do what it 's told by the eu . 
  i know how it sounds but it does n't have to be bad . 
  it 's the path canada chosen to get along with us and it 's fitting them quite fine for now . 
  the other option is to seek balance against eu in it 's post-colonial countries or in the anglosphere . 
  the risk here is that you do n't know in what shape they will be then nor if they 'd be interested . 
  that 's why i think that britain will work against eu integration to a point with a single army under one power house and if those federationist movements are to become popular and really changing eu , eu and britain would become hostile to each other until this eu with an army gets broken or until uk realises that it ca n't find anyone to balance the influence of eu . 
  thanks . 
  their rights are represented extremely well , 
  becouse you 're an awkward person if that was your reaction xddddddd . 
  but okay , i got tired of this , so please stop further trolling , i wo n't read you anyway , wasted enough time on fun for now , bye . 
  yes , i 'm shitting my pants in anger becouse of some tank xdddd as some moron thinks aesthetics is a matter of objective truth and scares me with german military power after i noticed a statistical historical curiosity xdddddd . 
  fucking hell , i 'm lauging so hard right now becouse of you . 
  as i said , you 're enternaining xddd . 
  i do n't care about stricte the tank , but about truth . 
  at this point your idiocy is simply entertaining xddd, 
  jesus , i do n't want to deal with shitposting ignorant morons like you around here xd . 
  that 's really all my expectations from this sub : dd . 
  but this seems impossible since it got so popular . 
  i said something as a fucking curiosity , and you 're now `` scaring '' me with germany military power xdddd . 
  great social skills you got there xddd . 
  it has to be fun knowing you xdd . 
  haha :d you still did n't get it even though i explained it like to a 5-year old at this point :d . if this is what germans think , eu has no future , even narrowed to a france-benelux-germany eu . 
   blah , blah , non-productive bitching , blah , blah , non-productive bitching , blah , blah , not looking at your arguments on `` why '' , blah , blah , but still bitching becouse simply you disobey and that 's all i care , blah , blah , some more bitching . 
  so , all that you 're saying is that you still did n't get it . 
  even france 's gon na leave you , with such poor skills , macron is n't eternal . 
  hey , did you miss my question ? 
  in which cheap sci-fi movie have you seen a military design like that ? 
  you did n't even look at the argument , you 're interested only in the fact that someone 's disobeying . 
  this is extremely symptomatic for germany in general . 
  that 's why germany is seen as arrogant and ignorant about others point of view in europe . 
  terms that mean only `` we do n't want to join a suicide with you '' are not unacceptable , it 's something that the leader should n't push for in the first place if it wants to build trust ( which is his job at the very beginning if he wants to lead , instead of bitching that others should blindly follow ) . 
  if you push for a suicide , you 're seen as blind and crazy , and therefore our trust in your capability of leadership goes down the toilet . 
  so , ergo , the only logic conclusion of all that you said is that you 're not ready and smart enough to lead . 
  that 's a pity , becouse no one will . 
  downvote me as much as you like , it wo n't make you right no matter how hard you stomp your feet . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pl-01  the vehicle armour has a modular ceramic-aramid shell , which is designed to provide protection compatible with nato standard stanag 4569 annex a at level 5 + across the front portions of the hull and turret . 
  additional armour panels are mounted on the turret and hull , and are designed to provide full protection against a range of projectiles . 
  the hull of the vehicle provides protection against improvised explosive devices ( ieds ) and landmines in accordance with appendix b parts 4a and 4b of the stanag 4569 standard . 
  the entire vehicle will be covered with radiation-absorbent material . 
  i know it 's going to be very , very , very hard for a moron like you , but try to not make an endless idiot of yourself next time , 
  join at what point ? 
  russia needs few hours to cut you off trough the suwa\u0142ki gap , few days to block your ports , us needs 3 weeks to bring in the machinery needed to push russia away . 
  sweden and finland ( and you forgot about us or germany ) are n't able to do that without us support . 
  the baltics imho are indefensible if belarus is n't on nato 's side . 
  if it is though , it completely changes geostrategic characteristic of the region . 
  sweden has a natural border that protects them from russia , which is the baltic sea . 
  not having russia in the baltics is important to them , but not essential . 
  independent baltic states is something crucial and essential for polish , ukrainian or finnish geopolitical safety ( and potentially a pro-western belarus ) . 
  have that in mind , when you think about who 's your biggest friend . 
  what ? 
  xddddd . 
  this ignorant idiocy you 're presenting is below any reasonable level of discussion . 
  go away and troll elsewhere . 
  you had a very pro-german , pro-eu party here for fucking 8 years and you could n't do anything with that potential and yeah , i support german leadership in eu , it 's a natural geopolitical position to lead eu ( if there is one ) . 
  if germany ca n't lead eu , nobody can , simply becouse geographic reasons . 
  but we wo n't follow germany in suicidal attempts , like taking in thousands illegal immigrants from muslim countries . 
  it 's asking to jump together off the bridge and it 's natural , that we refuse to join in something stupid as that . 
  you can forget about that already becouse it simply wo n't happen . 
  deal with it . 
  get smarter germany and get your senses together , and we 'll follow . 
  clear ? 
  if this is not clear , the only thing it means , is that you 're not ready and you ca n't lead . 
  it only shows the scale of german mistake back then . 
  this problem wo n't be solved when you 're bitching about someone 's bitching ( and downvoting me xd ) . 
  in which cheap sci-fi movie have you seen a military design like that ? 
  god , stereotypes sometimes are true !, 
  this one ? 
  i know that , the point was to notice some impact that these changes had on some historical points but yeah , this graph is better . 
  okay , we 'll consider not to . 
  we got more tanks than you guys nowdays . 
  you 're unbelievable xd . 
  i did n't even made a tiny suggestion , you 're completely obsessed xd . 
  the side that supports the ` old status quo ' change is always more mobilized than those who want to protect it . 
  til that washington post has such low effort , not much real content articles .
