  there 's little civil rights feel in all that . 
  the witcher series picked up many social topics , racism and immigration included , but it 's not racist , quite the opposite . 
  do you have any stats on southern and eastern moravia being more homophobic or is it your personal belief ? 
  i think it 's now about teasing the brits ( becouse they easly get angry about it ) than expressing anger about the brexit results . 
  nobody really thinks they way you put it besides maybe some extremely stupid people . 
  marriage was invented for children producing becouse more man power is something that the state needed . 
  there were times and places when people were forced to marry , but most of the time the state just created a set of privilges connected with marriage which made it beneficial to a person , like paying lower taxes ( per capita ) or providing access to better housing . 
  married men live longer and are usually healthier . 
  yes , that some people are stupid enough , to waste time on defending their worthless shit-posting instead of getting a beer , simply accepting a unfavorable review and trying better . 
  you 're strange , bye . 
  it 's not . 
  i have a right to negatively comment your posts if they do n't satisfy me , you do n't have to try to offend me over and over again . 
  just get over it and try to be more essential if you want to avoid this in the future . 
  do n't expect from people to read all your posts after you 've been posting posts without any value like that one above . 
  i 've actually said a lot about this guy . 
  it seems i was dowvoted for even asking , 
  you said nothing . 
  japanese cars are also constructed to fit on tight streets . 
  i do n't agree , in my opinion it 's an important problem . 
  if trains goes trough thousands kilometers of nothing , then it would n't surprise me , if the overall cost would be bigger than in plane case . 
  ships are cheap , but slow . 
  i doubt that a max 50 wagon train will ever replace 10-20 000 teu ships , but they can be useful for some products , like food . 
  comparable . 
  stay away from here . 
  from my impression it kinda does , but this is just an emotional probe , not making fun of . 
  that 's bad . 
  i know that , i was just being provocative a bit . 
  what 's his stance on immigrants ? 
  and mainland europe is using `` islands '' as shorthand for `` great britain and ireland '' , i do n't really get what 's the fuss about , people are too sensitive . 
  you are physically disconnected from the continent since the last glacial age ended . 
  so you do n't like the centre of the picture ? 
  that 's not true . 
  if they were so indifferent about religion , then the number of mosques would n't rise from 200 to 800 in 16 years in a country of 1.8 people . 
  that 's like about 3 new mosques every month . 
  islamic ideology ( not ` islamic ideology ' ) is taking over kosovo . 
  even mainstream newspapers are openly admitting it . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-l-phillips/islamism-in-kosovo_b_8855128.html kosovo has the biggest contribution per capita of isis fighters in europe , estimations start on 300 people ( goverment data ) to 1000 . http://www.rferl.org/a/inside-kosovos-islamic-cauldron/27825148.html, 
  kosovo is muslim and they do n't have anything that could bring profit fast . 
  it means that sooner or later it will turn into a third world , messy , chaotic country if it is n't that way yet . 
  islam ideology provides poor values for creating a functional society . 
  serbs know that when kosovo will start to destabilize and this destabilisation will start to expand , nobody 's going to help them . 
  http://ssc.siskom.waw.pl/ here 's a map of roads being built , it 's having regular updates and it 's not ugly . 
  it 's just talking . 
  for the last 2-3 years from time to time someone is talking about it , but nothing really happens . 
  why would something happen now ? 
  everybody knew that ukraine wo n't joing eu anytime soon . 
  it 's a complete mess . 
  however , the good thing is that the ukrainian identity is developing . 
  a question if the ukrainian nation even exists ( and many russians were n't sure ) has finally got a clear answer . 
  if ukraine is to join a russian geopolitical projet at any point , russia would have to actually offer something . 
  becosue treating them like ` hey c'mon guys , you 're russians like us , just a bit different folklore so let 's unite as russia and try not to speak that peasant dialcet ' wo n't do . 
  the fact that nobody 's going to do anything constructive about the issue for the next 10 eyears is a completely different thing , 
  surprised that someone actually remembers that song . 
  why , according to them , would someone invent the hiv hoax ? 
  russian government likes to pretend , that russia is morally superior than the west . 
  however , after you take no matter what statistics to measure who 's more moral , from divorces rates to bulglary rates , from murder rates to suicide rates , from abortion rates to corruption rates , from drug addicts rates to hiv rates , then it 's becoming obvious , that the opposite picture is true , figures are showing that russia is less moral than the west while being ex aequo on some fields . 
  but why so over the top ? 
  the more you swing a pendulum , the more it swings back . 
  in the west , smoking was limited gradually . 
  you do n't have to ban cigaret selling ( which will only create tobacco crime ) , you can just make cigarets and tobacco products very expensive . 
  no , it 's not personal tobacco that 's going to grow , but mafia selling tobacco instead . 
  same mistakes , over and over . 
  fyi france is the biggest fighter in europe nowdays . 
  i 'm pretty surprised they did n't had a bigger role to play in nato . 
  a typical moron would n't blow it up . 
  let 's start a western-russian guardianship over ee , these strange eastern-europeans just do n't know how to figure things up for themselves . 
  it should be a great idea . 
  it 's not an excuse , it 's just not the same thing as mass-murdering people , those are not symetric situations . 
  poles were n't angels but the two scales are completely different . 
  the polish pre-ww2 plan was to make poles from ukrainians living in todays western ukraine , not to wipe them out . 
  i 'm talking about you in particaular . 
  just look at the mirror , you 're a fanatic who 's full of lies . 
  you 're completely insane . 
  nobody wants to bite you , it 's you foaming at the mouth . 
  people like you deserve harsh language , it seems arguments are something completely alien to you . 
  truth is escalating so much agression in you , that i 'm glad there 's no sickle near you . 
  this is a topic about another anti-polish incident on ukrainian soil . 
  have you got anything to say on this ? 
  or you 're just going to continue distracting ? 
  yes , i know . 
  and this is n't going full retard . 
  pis government is n't far right just becouse some webpage is saying so . 
  you are going full retard , you do n't understand anything what i 'm saying to you . 
  emotions are taking away your mind . 
  you 're doing everything to lose any friends you have left . 
  saying that volhynian massacre was a genocide is n't doing anything anti-ukranian , it 's just saying that facts are facts . 
  poland ( unfortunatelly ) is sending money to ukraine , despite nobody here really wants that happening . 
  this is a typical far-right ukrainian attitude . 
  `` we did n't do nothing '' , `` we were just like everybody else so shut up '' . 
  this is a topic about another anti-polish incident in ukraine . 
  have you something to say on this topic or you 're going to jump like a monkey on every topic but not this ? 
  what has that to do with anything ? 
  as i do n't agree with my government , it 's not far-right and what 's more , it 's pretty pro-ukrainian ( unfortunatelly as i more and more often think ) , and it 's not justifying a genocide . 
  these situations are not comparable . 
  your emotions are taking away your mind . 
  that 's the ukrainian attitude i was talking about , you wo n't ever have any friends while having it . 
  there is n't much sympathy left for them among ordinary people around here . 
  they were warned what will be the implications of praising bandera , they 've ignored it and said , it 's not our business and it 's not a big deal , so let 's be cool . 
  now all the good press ukraine had 2 years ago is gone . 
  it always wondered me how stupid you 'd have to be , to voluntary spit on your friend 's face in their geopolitical situation .
