  the goal was to make this new polish state dependent from ussr `` help '' . 
  commonwealth is being sold as a bad thing probably becouse of communism times . 
  rebirth of it would be the biggest nightmare for you know who but in my opinion it would be a great chance for the region . 
  of course as some kind of union , not an 'em pire ' . 
  china supports russia becouse russian actions are distracting sauron 's eye from them . 
  another typical day in paristan . 
  one word . 
  muslims :-), 
  sorry , next time i 'll try to mark my post with < joke  < / joke  tags . 
  you really made me laugh by taking this serious . 
  thanks . . 
  there is a way out . 
  sell it and then get it bombed . 
  anyway , russia was often a geopolitical balancer for france against germany so it does n't suprise me at all . 
  i do n't think all of that . 
  my comments are to show you , what are these actions going to take polish-lithuanian relations , if they will - thanks to lithuania - continue . 
  lithuanians were and mostly still are viewed as nice people but since these nationalists are in power this perspective changes - again - thanks to lithuania . 
  in my opinion we are allies . 
  but if you continue to show us how you deeply despise us and that you do n't need us , then do n't expect flowers and do n't expect help . 
  i 'm suprised that i have to explain to you like to a child , that you 're not alone on this planet and every action meets a reaction . 
  it 's you 're choice . 
  nobody can order you what to do , but we have full right to criticize this law . 
  you 're throwing a knife in the back of your ally and this behavior wo n't be forgotten . 
  what a stupid thing to do , especially when you realize that lithuania is under russian pressure . 
  reckless . 
  under russian rule lithuanians at least did n't act like ass . 
  there 's nothing worse than nationalists with complexes . 
  it seems they have bad memories about the commonwealth . 
  well , acting like that towards an ally will get them a common - `` wealth '' without poland but with russia . 
  sooner or later . 
  i 'm not ignoring what happens in palestine . 
  i 'm taking israeli side in this conflict :-), 
  yes . 
  this weak enemy can be used by stronger enemies , who would eventually support this weak enemy and make it stronger . 
  in this situation if russia decides to invade , then ukraine would n't forget it much longer than at current state of involvement . 
  i just do n't see any logic in making enemies from each neighbour after another . 
  where 's the profit . 
  so it seems you just ca n't handle that someone disagrees with you on the value of this article that has absolutely no new opinions or new facts that would bring anything new to the discussion . 
  ok , i see that in this case , you have to start your ad personam gibberish on me rather than pointing anything valuable that you actually see in the article . 
  how mature . 
  and why a random commenter would change my mind , do you always adopt a point of view of a commenter 's view that someone has shown to you ? 
  i 'll post my brzezinski some other time , do n't have the mood to waste more time on someone for whom an impartial ( in relation to the facts - not the sides of the conflict ofcourse ) person is a person that fully agrees with anything this guy has to offer , sorry . 
  not too much detailed article . 
  it has n't got any new interesting opinions , facts inside that would n't be seen before . 
  not me , the russian electorate dreaming about the empire , increasing his ratings each time he gives those macho style activities for them . 
  i 'm not a fan . 
  if putin wo n't show some strength soon , his popularity in russia will fall . 
  do the really want a purely anti-russian state with anti-russian population so close to moscow ? 
  please , share the data from which you drawn these conclusions . 
  now i 'm feeling like on r/russia . 
  then it would change nothing . 
  wars do n't start becouse someone is being killed . 
  wwi started becouse of tensions and political diffrences that increased in decades before . 
  the murder was just a pretext to start that war . 
  nobody starts the war machinery just to dance over one dead body . 
  i do understand and i wish you well . 
  i just do n't think that eu will allow moldova to join with an unregulated status of that region . 
  it is a threat for them . 
  if ukraine joins eu someday and eu becomes a superpower then having eu on the west and china on the south-east is like a death sentence for russia as a local power . 
  russia would have much lesser population and gdp to keep the balance along these two as something mostly uninfluenced . 
  why wont ukraine and moldova just close the borders with transnistria until the region would resign from their separatism . 
  why ? 
  he was a member of portuguese workers ' communist party which was ( is ? ), 
  a maoist party . 
  if nobody forced him to be a member and i assume that nobody , then he should be considered as a maoist at that time . 
  download , print and stop bothering with your stupid and stereotypical jokes . 
  which part of my statement is false ? 
  barroso is still a maoist ? 
  in his current age ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's certainly a better choice that ex-maoist barroso was , under his ` rule ' the comission had many stupid ideas . 
  i hope juncker is the right man in the right place . 
  he 's a paneuropean centrist and a little bit right , that 's what i wanted :-) . 
  i do n't agree with those views , i think they 're very populist . 
  i 've got nothing against their geopolitical games becouse poland mainly benefits from them and in these times of destabilisation i would like to be under that anti-missle umbrella . 
  when obama withdrawed that program the seed of untrust has been however planted not only in simple minded people but also in elites . 
  at that point they started to search for alternatives like proposing a eu-army . 
  almost everyone in this country thinks that . 
  almost nobody believes that u.s would really help us since president obama withdrawed the anti-missle shield program from eastern europe . 
  that decision downgraded the trust in this polish-american alliance to the ground , so the argument about the fake sense of safety is false . 
  i 'm not doing that . 
  maybe people from countries with no monarchy could tell what would be the legal path to restore a monarchy in those countries . 
  if you have gini index data for middle ages in spain , please share . 
  excuse me , are you a troll or just stupid ? 
  yeah , and what will russia do without the oil-gas money ? 
  did that ever occure in your mind ? 
  but yeah , send us what you 've got , diversification is always better , it makes the prices lower . 
  oh , god . 
  canada is starting to behave like a new russia . 
  what does that oil do to men : s. threw it away before it eats your soul !, 
  yes . 
  they understand only the language of force . 
  politicians that try to smooth talk russia to do what they want are naive as 5 year olds . 
  it was always like that . 
  if everyone 's nice , the bear roars , if you roar louder , the bear hides . 
  oh my , canada speaking so toughly . 
  rest in peace . 
  just an elementary respect for the dead here . 
  do n't listen to him , it 's garbage talk . 
  you ca n't name it a rational analysis if he 's reducing ( ! ),
