but you are n't a little darker skinned ( i assume ) . 
  so they would n't be like you , only partially . 
  its not a problem if that 's not a problem to you . 
  this is n't about letting or not letting , this is about liking it or not liking it . 
  people can do whatever they want as long as its their own free will that led them to the choice . 
  but that does n't mean that they are entitled to being liked . 
  right . 
  so you would n't want your children to look like you , then ? 
  i did n't think about that . 
  good point . 
  this is n't racism . 
  would n't you want your children to look like you and share your genes , history and culture ? 
  well not really . 
  i think both sides of people are right because everyone has free will . 
  we 're no longer communist . 
  are you sure this is racism ? 
  do you not want your children to look like you ? 
  checks out . 
  for 3 out of 4 i 'm a very big no . 
   colour no thank you . 
  really ? 
  you had 700-999 dollars in 2014 as disposable income ? 
  in lithuania ? 
  from all the maps of this that i 've seen , this is the least accurate one . 
  its always about western europeans being center of the world and that always reflects in what westerners do . 
  the actual geographical center of europe is in lithuania . 
   lithuania 2014  disposable salary 700-999 whoever made this is either high on drugs or the bankers make a lot more than i thought . 
  same people with who europe has been at war for the last 2000 + years . 
  people just suddenly forgot it recently . 
  somehow . 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  you , just like the other guy , resort to insults instead of reasonable discussion . 
  even if my points are flawed or outright wrong i at least try to form a civilized discussion . 
  you sling degrading insults and , somehow , in your mind , you win arguments that way ? 
  european parliament in brussels is the epitome of centralized government . 
  the lisbon treaty ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_lisbon ) which is in effect since 2009 gives centralized brussels government the power to impose eu constitution over its member states . 
  people in brussels have the power to impose laws over its member states . 
  that 's pretty much european federation come to life - the definition of centralized government . 
  oversight - put simply , i have never heard of any investigations of eu politicians in brussels . 
  not once . 
  all the discussions always go the same way - people express different opinions , regardless of topic at hand , and then left wing ideology is imposed every time . 
  has there ever been a case where a brussels-eu politician was removed from office for not putting european interests first ? 
  these things do n't even get talked about . 
  of course , its possible that i simply missed it . 
  political labels are nearly meaningless . 
  a label is not some spell that will force people to act a certain way . 
  its just there to get the votes . 
  i think that endless ' 5 year plans ' , mass immigration , anti-nationalism or generous welfare states of the west are n't left wing ? 
  dislike ( phrasing it mildly ) for nationalism and mass immigration are left wing policies . 
  communists ( ussr ) did the same thing when we were occupied . 
  intentionally deported/killed 300k people and then imported hundreds of thousands of russians so that there would be no resistance to the central government . 
  russians managed to get 300k over 50 years , eu got over 400k in just 11 years . 
  it just might be me drawing connections where there are n't any but it seems oddly suspicious and too familiar . 
  i forgot one thing - before joining the eu we were also promised a lot of eu funding . 
  this alone sold the eu to a lot of people . 
  you do n't see how this is related ? 
  courts could have easily sided with eu and declared that pis policy to refuse mass immigration is unconstitutional or violates some human rights law . 
  from that point , pis would have been completely disarmed on this issue . 
  i think its connected . 
  i did not intend to derail the topic . 
  so , russia then ? 
  the term whataboutism is a ussr creation . 
  it was sold to us as an economic union with some consumer protection regulation . 
  plus free movement within eu borders . 
  no one said that this is yet another massive centralized government with little to no oversight that 's leaning to the far left . 
  we experienced foreign far left politics in our country for 50 years so i guess that 's why the discussion on it was n't very honest . 
  good god . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what country are you from ? 
  of course they are . 
  this is connected to poland 's refusal to take immigrants/refugees . 
  you think things ` just happen ' ? 
  poland moved in to shut down the court in case it decides to declare sovereign nations law illegal . 
  that 's why pis moved on the courts . 
  its all connected . 
  i mostly agree . 
  its so weird seeing westerners just ignore all of this or write it off as `` someone being stupid '' . 
  we 'll see who will be laughing in 20 years . 
  inaction is intentional . 
  do you really think that people who are in top positions of power are stupid or something ? 
  they 're not . 
  i really do n't like to reduce people to `` stupid '' or anything else . 
  as for my country - when you go down , we go down . 
  intertwined too much to be a separate issue . 
  so you think that , if muslims were to take control , europe would remain democratic ? 
  you 're being very childish in both - your way of thinking and in the way you present your arguments . 
  all you do is draw strawmen to intentionally derail the discussion . 
  i was n't being vague or whataboutist . 
  i also did n't point out hypocrisy because there was n't any . 
  it just did n't make sense to an extreme scale . 
  let me get this straight : millions of africans and arabs being imported into europe is an european interest ? 
  what drugs are you on ? 
  mass immigration directly leads to it . 
  i still do n't understand how germans were convinced that that 's not the case . 
  immigration . 
  i do not recall voting for some ` timmermans ' guy . 
  does any pole do ? 
  if eu is not a direct democracy but a representative one , why are n't european interests being represented ? 
  this is kinda captain obvious type of statement . 
  it will either be merkel or martin schulz . 
  out of these two , merkel is eons better than schulz .
