i have met people from all of latin america and even some portuguese in spanish sites . 
  personal experience ? 
  good , but there 're definitely some jokes and banter about the good ol' days of our empire . 
  tough question ... 
  i 'd pick more than a few . 
  cinema paradiso from italy and stalingrad ( the '93 german film , probably one of the best war movies i have seen ) are great examples . 
  recently , `` deux jours , une nuit '' from the belgian dardenne brothers . 
  french cinema is also amazing , the hunt from denmark with madd mikkelsen , awesome too . 
  europe is really rich about this frankly , diversity and great quality , and several film festivals like the berlinale , cannes , san sebasti\u00e1n , la mostra di venezia . 
  it 's quite good living ( relatively ) near the border . 
  i have visited a lot of times portugal , sintra , lisbon , set\u00fabal , algarve ... and never stops to amaze me . 
  i hope you dont mind that we invade your country every summer guys x 'd . 
  ( also im learning with duolingo some portuguese so hey , better than nothing ), 
  i plan to go interrailing the next summer . 
  beautiful continent we have , let 's not forget that . 
  great post . 
  thanks for the info, 
  agreed , not french myself but i do as you said above , i kiss ( twice ) my female friends and a handshake to male ones . 
  now ireland is even a better place . 
  murphy 's red from ireland and paulaner from germany . 
  so basically this system encourages bipartisanship ? 
  of course , we 're talking about bestonia not any country . 
  i 'm in . 
  chapeau to this lady . 
  keep this sjw garbage far far away . 
  can not stand this bullshit of `` you 're racist because i say so and reasons '' . 
  it would be awesome , i 'll let you know thanks !, 
  i 'm in . 
  i 'll try my best with spanglish, 
  it seems difficult ... the easiest path will be using the same without the royal symbols . 
  the thing is that the tricolor flag is a reminder of a leftist republic , one side in a civil war which is considered a left vs right , so many center-right citizens wo n't be in favour i suppose . 
  as i said , the most diplomatic choice would be this one with minor changes . 
  i guess so yep . 
  i hope not too long . 
  comparing to northern countries , i think monarchy is not that well received over here ( i do n't knoe the situation of republicanism over there though ) , and the latest adventures of juancar did n't help at all . 
  we 'll see how the situation goes with phillip/felipe vi . 
  a nordic politic system and eastern european women . 
  i like the weather and food , although i could borrow some frech cuisine . 
  oh do n't be , my apologies , i only was trying to say that in this thread people are saying that the boring countries are basically the ones they know very little about them . 
  so in my case i 'd say lithuania for example , but i do n't mean that was in fact no interesting . 
  i will then , thanks . 
  yep , fairly similar , but as i say to other guy , they were mere examples . 
  when i travelled all around europe i 'll to the op question . 
  of course italy has great landscapes . 
  in terms of ? 
  culture heritage ? 
  france , italy and greece ... 
  nature ? 
  scandinavia , ireland , scotland ... 
  thinking about boring ones i think in countries i do n't know anything about like lithuania ... 
  so i will give you an answer where i travel everywhere around europe . 
  i hope you liked the city and had a good time, 
  too much holy week for me already , but happy easter europe !, 
  but , but the cross !, 
  depends on the job offer i guess . 
  still studying though . 
  there are many things i like about the us and a tons of other thing i dislike , it 's a tough decission . 
  beautiful women and the greatest internet in europe . 
  i need a better speed for steam 's sake please . 
  ask that question a few centuries in the future . 
  if that were true i still would consider the french enemies for invading my country . 
  i 'm not saying you 're right atm and not trying to disqualify your opinion but time is time . 
  i would say that the eu should be more afraid of this lady than syriza and podemos in spain . 
  there were kids.damn ... rip . 
  what a shame ... 
  seems quite accurate, 
  this reminds me that when i went to amsterdam i ate a few times in a spanish restaurant ( owned and run by an spaniard , important note ) . 
  although , i would say the brits take the lead in this category . 
  do n't know the exact percentage , but i would assume the same about andalusia separatists , no way they have the same power like catalonian or basques ones . 
  a shame that politicians used this as an electoral weapon . 
  nor the first time , nor the last , unfortunately . 
  hahaha , this is truly great . 
  `` i can feel it , inside '' . 
  the ananas empire threatens the last bastion of the resistance . 
  only the pineapple allies could help us by launching an attack in normandy . 
  pi\u00f1acolada day . 
  yep it 's brazillian . 
  there 's a saying in spain and i assume in other hispanic countries , which says `` you 're a fitipaldi '' referring to a reckless way of driving . 
  pi\u00f1a master race . 
  in italy , the first time i went . 
  in restaurants you have to seat like right next to a stranger . 
  this was like a long time ago though , and not in all restaurants . 
  ah , the driving too . 
  fitipaldis everywhere . 
  in ireland , how nice people were . 
  and the beer is glorious . 
  would come back in a second . 
  there 're different perspectives about it . 
  i totally understand that the baltic countries find in the us and ally looking at their past with the urss , in spain however , eisenhower back in the day made treaties with a dictator like franco , not precisely a loved one . 
  si , per favore . 
  i 'm sure your meals will actually look good, 
  yes . 
  my comment was in the way that spain hasnt promoted its historic figures like britain for example . 
  francis drake is an example of that . 
  mostly unknown figure between our countrymen , hopefully this will rise interest in him . 
  `` every good spanish should piss always looking to england '', 
  i met two finnish siblings 3-4 months ago and they were like this haha . 
  really nice people when i got to know them , but fairly distant and cold at least that was the impression i got as a southerner . 
  just voted . 
  neither ciudadanos or podemos ideas appeal to me 100 % , but both share willingness to rework and regenerate our democracy so i hope both of them get good results .
