why are parties split between languages ? 
  and why would people only vote for the party from a specific language ? 
  i do n't think canada has any special provisions for french speaking people and they have had many french speaking prime ministers even though it is an english majority country . 
  democracy is a popularity contest . 
  it does n't matter how the people come to their decision . 
  they should sleep in the bed they made , and wait for the next election . 
  that does n't sound like democracy . 
  seems like the voting system you guys have could use some improvements . 
  maybe run-offs until a single party has 50 % + of the vote . 
  the whole point of elections is to give people a chance to express their opinions without having to protest . 
  what 's the point of elections if you 're just going to be unhappy anyway . 
  so why did they vote for people they do n't agree with ? 
  instead of protesting why do n't these people vote ? 
  i think this is just russia 's plan to introduce people to protect into europe . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  no european would work for the russians . 
  the problem with helping the migrants is that the smugglers know they do n't have to get good boats , so the amount of people who drown does n't actually go down . 
  yeah but quebec is also the worst part of the population, 
  everything the light touches is our kingdom, 
  a narrow definition and open to interpretation . 
  anything can be considered beautiful or emotional . 
  for example many people would not consider geometric abstract art to be beautiful , emotional , or demonstrating the application of human skill and imagination . 
  and yet it is art . 
  and yes . 
  saying you are fat and ugly on youtube can be also considered art . 
  no , my definition of art is n't ` if it 's in a gallery is art ' . 
  just wanted to point out he was n't `` post [ ing ] them around cities '' , which to me sounded like he just taped them to traffic signs or something . 
  as far as i know there is no definition of art . 
  it 's in the eye of the beholder . 
  do you have a definition ? 
  lol, 
  they were in a gallery . 
  also saying he 's not an artist because he does n't make the art you like does n't make sense . 
  they are both philosophy, 
  ethics is just another word for religion . 
  are n't sanctions an act of war ? 
  that could lead to retaliation we would n't be ready to handle . 
  i hope they divert future aircraft . 
  i wish these weapon systems were better at determining what they were targeting before firing . 
  so why were they flying over a war zone again ? 
  canada does n't seem to mind . 
  strange that the world is still racist towards white people . 
  i thought we move past at least that . 
  other colours have no hope . 
  i was just curious if poland was bad enough to have suffering through the racism in germany being worth it . 
  maybe it 's time to repatriate , or is poland that bad ? 
  germany is n't blind , it just wants to sign ribbentrop v2, 
  it just means someone else is taking over . 
  does n't mean they 're better . 
  because i want them to join the good union eventually . 
  i hope it comes with some sort of string attached about not joining the union state, 
  the average salary in poland is only 681 $ , compared to germany 's 2054 $ . 
  i think it should probably wait until those are nearer each other before making the switch , or they 'll end up like greece , and they still make more than the poles at 804 $ . 
  poland is still very much a poor nation . 
  renaming is different than banning though, 
  which women age well ? 
  japanese ? 
  can we change the rules so that it costs one upvote to downvote a comment ? 
  is there a geographical requirement to join the eu ? 
  is it because turkey has half a city in europe that it 's eligible or could canada join ? 
  yes , but how did they get such a fast network , and beat the rest of the world ? 
  was n't the king of poland lithuanian ? 
  not if they install start8 too . 
  was it the guy behind the camera ? 
  i 'm sure your jewish/muslim friends will disagree . 
  i 'm not sure if imprisoning parents for life would be a benefit for the children . 
  personally , i 'd rather lose some foreskin and keep my parents given the choice . 
  i do n't see how people being alive or not holds any importance , unless you plan on providing compensation on a personal level . 
  of course two wrongs do n't make a right , but if we 're going to compensate or have compassion for a peoples for their struggles it has to go both ways . 
  do blacks and indians not deserve any recognition for their struggles in america , simply because all the ones that experienced it first hand are dead ? 
  it 's just history . 
  i do n't hold grudges , but some people do . 
  i 'm not sure how the 200.000 deported is relevant to current events either . 
  anyone who was involved in them is most likely long dead . 
  not sure . 
  i guess i 'm skeptical about a foreign peoples loyalty . 
  i may just be projecting my own ideas on them , since i would still fight for my ` home ' ( by which i mean ethnic ) country even if i lived somewhere else . 
  if you lived in russia , and there was a war , which side would you fight on ? 
   collapse of empires you mean like the soviet union ? 
  i know we all like to hate on russia in / r/europe right now , but we should try to be a little more objective, 
  what ? 
  i do n't hate them . 
  just trying to show history without rose colored glasses . 
  i 'm not sure if this is your point , but i could just as easily say `` it 's strange to idolize someone because of xiv century history . '', 
  i 'm all for forgiving and forgetting about what happened in the past . 
  i did n't bring up the fact that the tartars were deported 70 years ago . 
  let bygones be bygones . 
  [ poland still fought and lost to the tartars in the xvii century . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93ottoman_war_%281672%e2%80%9376%29 ), 
  i only mentioned it for historical context . 
  the deportation is just a small part in the two nations ' long history . 
  [ after the tartars sold 2.000.000 russians into slavery ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimea#slave_trade ), 
  i 'm pretty sure they would feel more at home in turkey or germany . 
  of course if the option is annihilate russia or be annexed by them , annihilate sounds much better . 
  but the reality is that russia has enough atomic weapons to annihilate europe and the rest of nato . 
  also , more importantly , they have a leader likely willing to press the button . 
  so the option really is , let the world come to an end , or live in the russian empire . 
  europe will have to ask itself : is it better to die in a war , or live under russian rule ? 
  i think most people will prefer to live . 
  naming a newspaper `` truth '' seems to be ` protesting too much ',
