  do you mean the famous hakan hellstrumuglu ? 
  hakan - sounds very turkish , suspicious ... miriam - probably just a misspelling of maryam , damn arabs are sneaky poseidon - fucking greek diaspora with their fireworks on easter scaring all the dogs sweden is lost, 
  it was the closest thing i could find . 
  the turks have no `` brother people '' like the greeks have the cypriots or the swedes have the norwegian . 
  but other turkic peoples are the closest thing i could think of . 
  it was not a perfect analogy i admit that . 
  i know you are very separate peoples but i 've heard many turks say things like `` ayy all turkic peoples are true turks '' so i figured you were the closest thing i could find . 
  i ai n't shitting on you or anything . 
  i know not much about azerbaijan and frankly am not very interested either . 
  i love your neighbours though, 
   ok , but if the greeks were slaughtering the turks it changes things greeks have never slaughtered turks , we are not animals  i mean hell nobody advocates for palestine annexing israel in the west and the situations are eminently similar . 
  maybe not , but i personally would n't mind palestine annexing israel . 
  it is the palestinians land . 
  from my other comment : `` no because you totally misunderstood my analogy . 
  i do n't care about armenia or azerbaijan , i used azerbaijan because it 's the closest thing i could compare the greece/cyprus relationship to regarding turkey . 
  let me rephrase it : if there was a country called byprus that was ihabitated by mainly turks and a small minority of greeks , and turkey planned to annex it but then greece decided to invade it and proclaim `` the republic of northern byprus '' , the turks would be equally pissed as us greeks are about todays situation '', 
  yeah i figured . 
  i 'm not claiming i am unbiased either since i have a greek mother ( and boy is she a nationalist if i ever saw one ) , but still , it 's not like i 'm hiding it . 
  no because you totally misunderstood my analogy . 
  i do n't care about armenia or azerbaijan , i used azerbaijan because it 's the closest thing i could compare the greece/cyprus relationship to regarding turkey . 
  let me rephrase it : if there was a country called byprus that was ihabitated by mainly turks and a small minority of greeks , and turkey planned to annex it but then greece decided to invade it and proclaim `` the republic of northern byprus '' , the turks would be equally pissed as us greeks are about todays situation . 
  i used azerbaijan because they were the closest thing i could find to a `` brother people '' for you turks . 
  it was an imaginary scenario but perhaps i was n't clear enough , if so then i apologize my little gurbet . 
  magnanimous as i am i hereby present you my penis for you to suck . 
  okay then . 
  so if turkey wanted to annex azerbaijan and there happened to live a small russian minority there , and therefore russia decided to invade azerbaijan instead , would you be alright with it ? 
  no you would n't you twat, 
  yeah i agree the vasa museum is definitely the best, 
  livrustkammaren beneath the castle is pretty cool if you like knights and swords and shit . 
  arm\u00e9museet if you like wars and guns and stuff . 
  when i was a kid i used to love naturhistoriska museet because they have dinosaurs and sabeltoothed tigers and it is also the biggest museum in all of sweden . 
  if you are a hipster you can go to fotografiska and if you 're a weirdo you can go to moderna museet !, 
  there is something for everyone !, 
  have a good trip , 
  not if the `` high immigration '' part disappeared though, 
  you 're forgetting that everyone will be migrating to finland due to climate change . 
  no more sparsely populated forests for them :(, 
  i guess you 're the 2nd least worst europeans , 
  the fuck did we not tell the rest of europe we found the fountain of life in 2009 ? 
  so much for the `` putin is the saviour of christianity '' meme ... terrorising and stealing land from a fellow orthodox country because they have geopolitical ambitions , shameful, 
  it 's not only about the wording though , we 're talking about people choosing to go to war here , not machines . 
  i for one believe the american people to be much more willing to go to war tover anything than any european people , the french are probably the only europeans i might trust, 
  how come the uk has such a prude government when their people are such degenerate deviants ? 
  does n't make sense, 
  what the hell is in the german water lol, 
  i 've always been fond of war books , since they say a lot about history , society and culture . 
  especially `` the unknown soldier '' by v\u00e4in\u00f6 linna but `` nothing new on the western front '' by remarque is also good, 
  mr. bj\u00f6rn for you, 
  thank you very much sven, 
  `` omg look how strange , all immigrants are not a monolith , hahah who does he think he is having his own opinions '' - you, 
  it does not, 
   the victim is a half greek half australian how suspicious of him, 
  gee maybe all those people who warned you about this were n't neonazis but instead you were the ones who were totally naive of where things were heading, 
  italy and greece could stop migrants at their border if they wanted to , it 's not like it is only the northerners who are to blame in this situation, 
  bruh last time was just state capitalism, 
  ohh haha ok i do n't have one of those either , i totally mean desktop background then !, 
  thanks , learnt something new today !, 
  wait what is a screensaver ? 
  i mean like , the background picture on my desktop , is that not a screensaver ? 
  best regards mr. untechnical, 
  people do n't have screensavers in these enlightened times ? 
  [ this is my screensaver ] ( https://i.redd.it/p7j9mh4wvely.png ), 
  the same could be said for white people and asians i suppose yet they are racists for holding top positions . 
  [ here is the correct one , friend ] ( https://gifsound.com/?webm=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/transcoded/e/e7/urilift%252c_g%25c3%25b6teborg%252c_kungsportsplatsen.webm/urilift%252c_g%25c3%25b6teborg%252c_kungsportsplatsen.webm.480p&amp;v=zqojvi8xua0 ), 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  i 'm very interested in looking at your sources , since i have a hard time finding sources on this stuff . 
   ( not doubting your numbers , just like to look at these stuff myself ) i 'd very much like to see numbers on priest recruitment in poland aswell , since i read somewhere that the numbers of priests in russia had exploded the last couple of years, 
  the song smells of teenage anxiety and boredom, 
  that does n't make any sense , because their parents would 've told them to vote for other parties ... 
  they are doing the exact opposite , rebelling against their parents . 
  in europe , that means being a god fearing christian that believes in the core family and traditional gender roles, 
  i vaguely remember this being a song i liked when i was a kid and some huge nostalgia just washed over me ... 
  that is your opinion yes , i love conservatism . 
  young people always get caught up with extreme ideologies , in our country it is intersectional feminism or whatever and in poland it is extreme conservatism . 
  why would the latter be stranger than the former ? 
  in an international sense ? 
  then yes , western conservatives are absolute angels compared to china , india , the arabic world , africa etc. . . 
  i 'm just saying that they are hard to dislike , that 's why no one dislikes them, 
  lgbt are not western culture , protecting minorities instead of throwing them from buildings are western values, 
   https://yle.fi/uutiset/3-5813258 sorry i do n't have any other source for that , it 's in finnish . 
   wow that is pretty crazy indeed !, 
  maybe some higher up had a finnish wife that cheated on him and was angry or something if it makes you feel any better absolutely no one in their right mind would care that finnish is spoken . 
  i have several finnish speakers in my uni class since it is easier to get in here than in finland , and they speak finnish with each other and no one bats an eye . 
  finns are seen by 99 % of people as loveable goofs , 
  can we ban germans from this forum please, 
  because progressives and islamists have a common goal : toppling western culture and norms and replacing it with something else . 
  that is why they are so united , the enemy of my enemy is my friend and all that, 
   however it is fair to note that no other language has as many speakers than finnish in sweden . 
  arabic is waaay bigger than finnish , syrians just became our largest minority group , and then there are hundreds of thousands of iraqis , palestinians etc. 
  i 'm not sure what you are talking about regarding laws against finnish in the workplace , that sounds crazy . 
  and the teachers restricting finnish during recess can go fuck themselves, 
  i see . 
  thank you !, 
  so the huge increase would be mostly the result of immigration from turkey ? 
  got ta have faith broo, 
  hmm yeah ok i should have worded it differently , of course those things were the major catalysts but the extreme left was very strong in germany and hitler was seen as a counterweight to this, 
  the guilt complex is enormous in that country . 
  but leftism was always strong in that country , hitlers rise was much a reaction to this, 
  jesus words are still the truth amigo, 
  that one is absolutely crazy .
