  as a child , liturgies were the most boring and strange experiences ever , but in the right mood and with good ambience there is nothing more spiritually soothing in the world, 
  nicklas tesselson, 
  it 's a very strange and nightmareish situation , one might even describe it as kafkaesque . 
  protecting your own way of life and values has become some sort of far right wing view . 
  the problem is with the people tbh , our leaders are just doing what wins them elections . 
  i could never quite identify with the swedes due to having a foreign background but atleast i always wanted to and tried . 
  they 've all drank the kool-aid so hard these days though that all these new arrivals are like a breath of fresh air in a sea of weirdos . 
  [ three is for white walkers ] ( http://teplitz.ru/foto_raznoe/gopnik.jpg ), 
  one blast is for rangers returning, 
  i 'll take my chances with such primitive behaviour thank you very much . 
  this is why i 'd like to see countries based on ideology rather than ethnicity/culture . 
  then you could be as solidaric as you 'd like in your utopia , and i 'd be a primitive barbarian with other sensible arabs/chinese/americans etc, 
  well that just makes me hate the eu more then . 
  if they are going to make this place less secure just to `` look good '' to the rest of the world they can go to hell tbh, 
  europe is not a country tho, 
  probably more like your 2nd example , started out as a clerical conflict and developed into a political matter later on . 
  having the pope in rome gave the west a lot of power that the eastern rulers did n't like, 
  mostly it was a power struggle between rome/constantinople , i doubt all too many people really cared from where the holy spirit originated, 
  why are you like this, 
  well you can only discuss a subject so much . 
  there is really no use in discussing immigration for example , both sides have already brought forth their arguments a hundred times , and the other side have disagreed as many times, 
  tbh i 'd rather have that than let all of the criminals walk free as in sweden, 
   and white dude supporting black dude because the latter dude is black is not very common . 
  i think you 're wrong here though , i have experienced this many times but never the other way around . 
  but yeah i get what you mean stop talking to me like i 'm an idiot though manolis , you were n't exactly super clear, 
   i 'm more white than snow . 
  so no , it 's not about the race . 
  what does that even mean lol, 
  yes but then i 'd have to live with swedes ... usa for like 10 years is the goal , they make obscene amounts of money there , imagine working in rural missouri or something and make 400.000 dollars a year , then semi retire in cyprus and work 25 % there i get hard just thinking about it, 
  yes !, 
  such things are always interesting, 
   besides drinking and watch tv as if i do anything else in my spare time, 
  exactly haha !, 
  very efficient !, 
  i know , and they had quite the impact on the rest of the country , did n't they ? 
  i hate greeks too lmao, 
  as a doctor in training it is rather good because i can move to one of these rural places and shower in money, 
  oh definitely , the guy who said greeks are not european is a goofball . 
  but he is canadian , so what can one expect, 
  greece is as european as it gets , but they are also europes arabs . 
  similar foods , music sounds similar , mentality is somewhere in between europe and the middle east i once had a kurd asking me to play some greek folk music and his response was basically `` you are arabs do n't deny it '' . 
  all peoples of the eastern mediterranean have had significant impact on eachother, 
  well , our experiences differ then . 
  [ yes i am a very very hurt man ] ( http://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s480x480/e35/c237.0.605.605/15275747_617895848415392_7950382732918390784_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=mtm5nda5otqyotq2odawntk5nw%3d%3d.2.c ), 
  oh fuck off us europeans are no better, 
  jesus men , control your penises, 
  why ? 
  watch it you inbred , racist , homophobic little englander , you are starting to sound like a brexiteer !, 
   ahead of sweden , germany etc. 
  you have to remember that it is only in the last 5-10 years that we switched from `` western europe safe , eastern europe dangerous '' to the other way around . 
  this mentality will probably be left in peoples mind for a while longer, 
  the villages are scarier tbh , there is always that feeling of there being some old lady watching every step making sure i do n't touch my girlfriend, 
  i give americans a lot of shit in my life but the world would be much duller without you < 3, 
  so kick them out and see if anyone would care lol, 
  not hating yourself is a racist and backwards practice , heathen, 
  it is 10x more beautiful than germany ever was or will be, 
  i think in these sorts of surveys `` i do n't believe in god but some sort of spirit , life force '' usually wins . 
  maybe to offend as few people as possible lol, 
  turkish slavs , cool, 
  fantastic news !, 
  seriously , fuck your international law, 
  if you had all the money and influence in the world , would n't you try to push your ideology as best you could ? 
  i sure as hell would, 
   what do you expect ? 
  if i tell you croats are motherfucking bastards , how will you react ? 
  there 's a difference between criticizing and telling someone they are motherfucking bastards \u03b1\u03bb\u03b2\u03b1\u03bd\u03bf\u03b9 stop being so salty, 
  lol , when it is hot outside and we 're going to the beach or something we just fill up some 1,5 l bottles with tap water or bring some smaller bottles with us when we go to the town, 
   i want to live somewhere colder you 're a very strange man :d but i wish you all the luck with your plans !, 
  in an ideal world the captain of the turkish ship should get fired yes , but he wo n't, 
  he refused to obey greek orders in greek waters , how is it not the turkish captains fault ? 
  i 've met many from the uk who thought scandinavia was some sort of absolute paradise , so you 're more than welcome to live here but do n't be disappointed if it does n't live up to all your expectations , 
  plenty of us do , you ethnic swedes maybe dont, 
   remember , only like 1,5-2 ,5 % of the population are muslims , maybe if you live in the northernmost part of norrland that is true lol, 
  before the great atheist revolution of 1968 the west was but a small conservative , christian backwater where nothing ever happened , of course, 
  sweden must be the most misunderstood country in europe these days lol, 
  i do !, 
  there are good things about it and bad things about it . 
  when i 've finished my education i 'd like to set up base elsewhere . 
  but it is very beautiful so i 'm sure you 'd love visiting , 
  oops !, 
  i answered to the completely wrong comment !, 
  i only meant to say we have legalised medical marijuana haha, 
  yes , for two people ... making it legalised, 
  it is !, 
  there was recently some angry people because , whilst the police sometimes do n't respond to murders , rapes etc anymore due to understaffing , they sent a chopper out looking for a weed dealer ... [ but it is legal , albeit still in small numbers ] ( https://www.vice.com/sv/article/jm9gy4/the-story-about-one-of-swedens-first-medical-marijuana-patients ), 
  that makes it legal ... 
  we 've already legalised it guys , get going already, 
  it 's not ? 
  i never claimed it was important , i just felt like sharing my thoughts to some strangers on a forum and i did , there 's nothing more to it lol . 
  and apparently many people felt the same way , that 's kinda the point of internet forums in the first place , to share feelings and thoughts did n't say anything about germans should change the way they lived they can do whatever the hell they want, 
  protestants have like millions of different churches with sometimes only a dozen or so members . 
  orthodoxy has many churches but only because it is so closely linked to nationalism, 
  i 'm not making any arguments lol , just giving one outsiders own perspective on the whole situation, 
  okay but i 'm not swedish so i do n't particularly care about sweden ether , but yeah it 's a dull thing then too i guess, 
  keep telling yourself that, 
  yeah sure you do whatever you want it 's your country , i 'm just speaking from my perspective, 
   luc1fersatt0rney not gon na take someone with such close ties to shaitan seriously, 
  why not ? 
  i thought everyones opinions mattered :(, 
  yes , i 'd rather have a policy i disagree with that the majority agrees with than a policy i agree with enforced by a minority,
