ohh , but that is a bit more poetic !, 
  i did a quick google and came up with `` below '' which did n't sound as interesting . 
  perhaps one of your ancestors was a very free spirited soul who liked to sit under chestnut trees and muse on about lifes mysteries and the other villagers thought he was weird so they 'd call him `` the souto '' ? 
  :d i 'd rather not say tbh because you could guess my identity from it that 's how rare it is , but it has no apparent meaning and it is most popular in greece and morocco, 
  yeah i agree maramotos is a loot cooler ... well atleast yours has a meaning , mine is so rare it does n't even have a meaning :(, 
  what is your last name ? 
  ai n't no one even killed , white nationalists are pussies, 
  thank you remus !, 
  we like you too , 
  rude :(, 
  she 's a bit of a weirdo my sister, 
  the wannabe gangster thug types are the ones who make all the noise so those are the ones you generally hear about, 
  far from it, 
  what does my girlfriend have to do with anything ? 
  and yeah he obviously did n't care all that much before either if he stops doing muslim stuff just to please her did he ? 
  go fuck yourself calling my sister a bitch, 
  i 'm pretty sure we hate other greeks most of all tbh, 
  haha yeah , mine is atleast . 
  hers is syrian, 
  where ? 
  haha well it 's in our blood to lie with persians anyways so that does n't matter to her , she just freaks out when anything muslim is mentioned, 
  yeah i am curious too . 
  i really have no idea how it 's going to turn out although it should be noted that christian diaspora and muslim diaspora generally get along pretty well here because as we are both minorities and roughly equal in numbers . 
  i do n't have anything against muslims here , but i 'm going to be honest and say that i 'm not sure how they will act when they become a larger and larger minority as we 've seen many times in history what happens then ... 
  i 'm not sure how anyone could look at a country and see how high immigration it has had for decades and then not come to the conclusion that the native population would shrink . 
  the swedes made the mistake of thinking everyone would want to call themselves swedes after a generation but they did n't realise no one really looked up to them and said `` wow i love this culture '' people just like having money and better opportunities for their children, 
  why is that then , friend ? 
  oh yeah this is an interesting subject actually !, 
  i get the impression there is no such thing as a `` cultural muslim '' as there are cultural christians or jews . 
  someone who does n't believe in god can still call himself a jew because his mother is a jew and someone who has never set foot in a church can put on a cross and call himself a christian . 
  does n't seem to exist such a thing in islam basically atleast in sweden there has grown forth the existence of such a `` culturally muslim '' identity . 
  people say `` fuck yeah man im as muslim as they get inshallah bruh '' then stuff their faces with bacon and fuck a prostitute and never set foot in a church . 
  my girlfriends parents are muslims , but they never bothered to teach her or her sister about it so they do n't care . 
  do n't believe in god , do n't pray , eat everything , wear what they want , do n't celebrate eid etc. 
  if asked what religion she is she 'd probably say `` uhh ... 
  muslim ? '', 
  anyway, 
  heh , i have a greek mother , my girlfriend is muslim and my sisters boyfriend is muslim ( although they are both atheists , my sister absolutely hates islam so she makes him renounce all islamic traditions ) . 
  the amount of tantrums she has thrown are off . 
  the . 
  charts . 
  sounds just like regular france then !, 
  which lies directly to the west of future kurdish kingdom of diyarbekir, 
  i am studying like a crazy person and tking a quick break every hour to write some stuff because i like it ( and it ai n't no trolling i mean what i write ) but sure go ahead and judge my social life mr, 
  thanks, 
  nah it 's pretty alright tbh, 
  the pvv has n't grown anything at all lmao they are at like 12-13 % . 
  in a few election cycles they 'll be smaller than denk . 
  i 'd like to see you forcely integrate anyone lol who is going to come after me , some feminine guy with a dildo up his butt ? 
  no , my ancestors were murdered alongside the armenians . 
  i just want to see the native dutch replaced in their own country that 's all, 
  current hellenic republic of macedonia *, 
  the rise of denk makes me happy, 
  we learnt nothing of the sort during my 9 years of primary school, 
  yes bust western europe is not a normal part of the world , it 's a really strange place, 
  the orientals sound greek , not the other way around, 
  britain is not a normal country . 
  think the islamist prisons care what happened to a bunch of british kids ? 
  if the people are not interested in their own culture then what is the point of keeping it alive artificially ? 
  what 's so bad about it ? 
  ok mr diaspora begovic, 
  sure but it reads `` akereos '' which sounds nothing like integral, 
  sure but this is the middle east not the balkans . 
  kurds would probably ( unfortunately ) get their heads kicked in pretty bad if they tried to do a kosovo, 
  and you sound neither of them, 
  i 'm just saying they spend a lot . 
  what do people have against american tourists anyway ? 
  i 've always found them to be nice . 
  kinda loud sure but my family is greek and about 17 magnitudes louder . 
  the rude tourists are always the british with their well known antics or the chinese/arabs with their air of superiority and racism coming from them . 
  never understood the hate against american tourists . 
  they flap their wallets around like crazy and they are generally friendly, 
  nah they are way friendlier , let 's atleast give them that, 
  siiiigh you 're so boring, 
  not wanting to be replaced in your own country is racist af tbh famalam, 
  one is proud to belong to a certain group and to have a shared history and culture with others . 
  no one is walking around being proud like `` ayy i take credit for this stuff from 500 years ago '' but rather like `` i feel proud to belong to the same people or speak the same language or follow the same religion as these people that did this 500 years ago '' etc. 
  working with msf used to be my dream but seriously after all the people smuggling they 've done how can you still trust them ? 
  stranger things have happened . 
  the lgbt community keeps defending islamists , people who would curtail pretty much all their rights the finnish guy nailed it with his `` enemy of my enemy '' comment, 
  balkans is the best place on earth , all human progress comes from there, 
  so there are plenty chinese in greece aswell ? 
  wow hmm yes truly brings a tear to my eyes hmm, 
  lol we got our asses absolutely raped for about a 1000 years by the muslims before we could finally sail away and escape them to do horrendous stuff of our own, 
  wow interesting !, 
  had no idea there were so many chinese in italy . 
  why italy of all places ? 
  i mean there are some of them for example here too but not so many they would make it into these statistics, 
  comparatively yeah . 
  yet the police have been in a constant state of crisis with people leaving the force en masse . 
  at a point [ 14 policemen were guarding stockholm ] ( https://www.svd.se/kallor-bara-14-poliser-vaktade-stockholms-innerstad ) in total, 
  i 'm not sure i agree with you that our problems are only caused by privatisations and neoliberalism . 
  plenty of those have not been healthy but the problem is inherent in a set of values and beliefs that come with socialism . 
  we got the light version of it so our collapse will take longer that 's all, 
  i think one should look at these ideas logically , it seems to be based more on a `` this feels right so it must be right '' rather than `` i 've considered all the facts and empirical evidence and this is what seems the most beneficial for society '' standpoint, 
  it 's been working rather well but the welfare system is extremely strained . 
  people are being flown to other countries to have children , our police has basically collapsed , my generation is set to have less and less retirement money every year . 
  having to wait for hours and hours at the clinic to receive care , unemployment a looot higher than in your country , income inequality has been increasing for decades , state powerless to stop illegal immigration . 
  not to mention that all nordic nations sans maybe finland are basically without a proper military defence . 
  certainly , my father reaped a lot of rewards from the social experiment my grandfather started , but let 's remember that it has only been omgoing for about 60-70 years , let 's see in another 30-40 years before we can properly evaluate if we created the post scarvity utopia some people believe we did,
