  the only solution then is that the whole world must become socialist for socialism to work , which i could very well imagine them saying, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
   ( or a kyrie eleisson ) pack your bags vladimir we 're going on an orthodox adventure, 
  yeah but you 'd have to live in berlin so it comes at a cost, 
  yeah , diaspora act totally different bro . 
  just like in iran they stone sexual deviants but my persian girlfriend fingers my ass and suck my dick dry on her parents prayer rug . 
  that europeans havinh children is a good thing, 
  no , only decadent europeans are filthy and honoruless enough to abandon their religions and history, 
  the high birth rates are n't happening in the west though . 
  in the rest of the world people , believe it or not , actually like their traditions . 
  it 's entirely possible . 
  russians are becoming increasingly nationalist , and these days being a nationalist russian you must also be christian orthodox . 
  there you go, 
  hell i go around with big cross on my neck , an icon of the theotokos lying next to a bible on my nightstand and i think i know maybe . . three of them . 
  lol, 
  ya 'll should buss every migrant to the german border , fuck them if they compain , what will they do send the army ? 
  they are the most pacified country in the world . 
  yes . 
  criticizing , making fun of yourself etc. 
  is completely fine and healthy and needs to be done lest we fall into ultra nationalism ala turkey/the arab world . 
  hating yourself , being ashamed of your skin and culture , being fine with being used - that is when others will look down upon you . 
  / u/touillen wrote a marvelous summary . 
  as some background info it is important to remember that m was always a sort of coalition between `` socialliberals that want lower taxes '' and `` conservatives not conservative enough to vote sd '' . 
  m had been declining the longer these immigration crises were ongoing as they were hemorrhaging voters to sd , albeit slowly . 
  by the time they switched to a more anti immigration stance it was too late , all the conservatives in m had already left to sd . 
  now they had suddenly also alienated the other part of their coalition , the socialliberals , and they now felt uncomfortable being in a party with such an anti immigration stance . 
  so they all left ship to c , that is a purely `` socialliberal but smaller taxes please '' party . 
  no worries friend , i do not count on being popular on this forum . 
  i just think that people should take a step back and imagine if that were their own father they are parading around headless . 
  would it be alright with them then ? 
  if not , then why should it be alright for his 12 year old son to see his father being paraded around decapitated through the streets ? 
  i agree with you , we have all the power in the world , but it does n't matter if we refuse to use it . 
  we could solve all these immigration crisis with increible ease , but we refuse to do what it takes . 
  this is why people are turned off from the eu . 
  they have all the tools but refuse to use them, 
  as a child of immigrants i experienced precisely what you are talking about . 
  yet because i 'm white i was demonized all my life , from self hating swedes . 
  and trust me , self hating swedes can be rich , poor whatever . 
  i have never felt so alienated in such a strange culture like this . 
  i do n't blame all of the immigrants , some are very nice and i 'd say i spend more time with them than swedes . 
  the swedes are just so ... 
  i ca n't describe it . 
  i just wo n't shed a tear when they disappear, 
  i know that was in jest but i have two immigrant parent myself , i do n't have problems with most immigrants to this country , unless they ghettofy themselves or are the `` new waves '' of immigrants . 
  the huuuge problem here is the self hatred of the swedes . 
  i used to try and fit in and be swedish but when i realized that the biggest insult for a swede is being swedish i kinda stopped talking to them . 
  i know , it absolutely appalling . 
  the most shameful thing is though that absolutely no one seems to care that these types of people makes up a large part of our police force ... 
  i feel so betrayed by my own people that i am not sure if i even want to resolve this situation . 
  let whatever is coming happen to them , they deserve it i 'll move my family to poland or something, 
  yeah well that 'd be nice but they are rather spineless unfortunately, 
  aha , sorry , i misunderstood, 
  or good , depending on where you stand on the political spectrum, 
  because they do n't know their country of origin and if they do those countries refuse to accept them . 
  we pay the ticket of course, 
  the one with 26,8 %, 
  [ as it looks now ] ( http://pollofpolls.se/ ) the left block would probably be the largest although they have shrunk a bit since last election . 
  the right block will have shrunken less but seeing as kd ( christian democrats ) are in a very bad position and might not make the 4 % threshold that would probably spell the end of alliansen ( the right block ) . 
  however , milj\u00f6partiet ( the greens , part of the left block ) are also in a bit of a crisis and it is not certain they will make the threshold either . 
  the nationalists ( sd ) have been standing pretty much still for the last two years but will still have made significant gains since 2014 . 
  they would be the 2nd largest party by quite a margin but most likely would n't gain any real influence anyway since no one ( except maaybe m , but i doubt it ) would want to work with them . 
  see this is how a policeman should look !, 
  huge , strong , authoritarian . 
  he throws three grown men around with his left hand like they were nothing . 
  bet he 'd case some serious internal injuries swinging that nightstick around lol, 
  haha no , this is sweden , no one is responsible for anything, 
  absolutely !, 
  tonight ... 
  i 'll be watching you . 
  [ this is pretty much how i see our police ] ( https://youtu.be/8hvkib0nzyw ) i 'd rather call my cousins than the police tbh, 
  i watch every step you take . 
  thx pedro knew we could count on you < 3, 
  if you want we can send you some 1,56 cm tall 44kg blonde women who will run if you stare at them if you promise some plastic wielding guys ? 
  please , we need them ... 
   if you find that problematic you are more conservative than some 19th century absolutist rulers in this regard . 
  but they were still germans though . 
  the most conservative german to ever live was probably still a liberal degenerate, 
   also thats not a real person -- it 's a parade float . 
  it is still a representation of a real person , i just find it disrespectful and strange to see people value human dignity so low . 
  and probably i 'm not as pro free speech as you are , i definitely do n't think political cartoonists should be able to draw what they want either . 
  i was not aware there was such a carneval culture in germany actually . 
  as long as you have fun i suppose my fellow gurbet . 
  some things should just not be displayed like this, 
  okay you 're french and have no respect for anything i get it you 're such a rebel etc. 
  when did it become acceptable to parade the severed head of another nations president in the streets ? 
  were this always the case in germany and does it not bother anyone else ? 
  you never believe us when we tell you but our government is incredibly incompetent and the media has their backs . 
  totallt worth paying one of the worlds highest taxes for, 
   you probably have n't heard it since bad guys are n't muslim in this one stop pretending like muslims are somehow a vulnerable group you turkish bully, 
  yeah but it 's nothing compared to venice , barcelona etc. . . 
  :( rest in peace .
