i also agree it should be voluntary , but with better incitement to actually serve in the military . 
  however , i see how `` compulsory '' service can help to find those who would maybe do it , but are too lazy . 
   in this case it is very unlikely that anyone will be forced it 's not even very unlikely , it 's damn near impossible . 
  you would have to find less than 4000 out of almost 100 000 who would a slight bit positive towards conscription to even have a slight risk of someone being forced . 
  i just do n't see that happening at the moment . 
  and there are self-driving cars !, 
  i do n't think so !, 
  stuff wo n't be glamorous ; that much i can tell . 
  have n't done it myself , but from what i 've heard there 's a lot of discipline , being out in the forest and camping , eating '' \u00e4rtsoppa '' and shiting in holes . 
  all year around ; summer heat as winter storms . 
  ca n't say i have experienced it since i 'm also born in 99 ; i 'm just getting my information from my dad and grandfather as well as their friends and family . 
  my guess is that the military will turn to those who do n't actively detest and fight the idea of doing military service . 
  since there 's about 100 000 people born every year , i do n't think it will be a hard time to find 13 000 who are at least somewhat positive , or maybe indifferent . 
  yup , i agree with you . 
  i would like to see better salaries to make it more attractive to pursue a career in the military . 
  the problem today is as much a problem of people not staying in the military , as it is one of numbers of recruits . 
  most people who will do the service based on being forced ( which will be few as it is ) will probably leave the military when service is done . 
  a truly big loss for the cause of spreading knowledge . 
  such a great communicator and lecturer . 
  he opened up my interest in many areas , which i 'm happy for . 
  he will truly be missed !, 
  pence is trump 's safety net . 
  he knows nobody 's stupid enough to try and get rid of him at the prospect of getting `` mr. electrocute the gay away '' . 
  but are they `` tremendous '' ? 
  accepting it like a true brit !, 
   strengthen ** the union ** between the four nations of the united kingdom is n't scotland pretty pissed about brexit ? 
  it will probably take more than a big smile to sell that idea to them . 
  yeah . 
  my report on nagorno-karabakh was pretty much saved by that channel . 
  [ need i say more ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twukdgan5se ), 
  if anything , this will probably fuel the protest rather than prevent it . 
   no deal at all is far more likely now . 
  which is , despite what may has said , a bad deal . 
  of course they can !, 
  or do think pakistan or india are great places for women just because they have had female presidents or prime ministers ? 
  what ? 
  isis is a terrorist organization , occupying land they have no right to . 
  if one talks like you , one only gives them unnecessary legitimacy . 
  i have n't claimed otherwise , but i 'm sure they would like it if women were treated as less than men and homosexuals did n't exist . 
  but would n't you agree that the dup at least are sexist and homophobic ? 
  tories going hard on islamist fundamentalists by aligning with their christian counterpart ? 
  [ but you do n't touch each other in line dance . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3-xgevgd2i ) i guess it 's possible that you touch each other sometimes , but it 's not an integral part of the dance , like it is in waltz , for example . 
  i hate to use a wikihow-article , since they 're mostly shit , but this one even says that : [ `` dancers move in unison and do not come into physical contact with one another during the dance . 
  '' ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/line-dance ), 
  at least half of muslims believe that humans evolved over time ( i.e. 
  some kind of evolution ) , according to this [ pew poll ( p. 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ) i wonder what that number would be for christians . 
  ohhhh shit !, 
  so thanks to theresa may making a very stupid political decision , the u.k. may suffer a right-wing fundamentalist christian party with influence ( how little it may be does n't matter , just a little influence is too much imo ) on governmental policies ? 
  i 'm not even a brit , but i 'm still pissed !, 
  happy day of portugal !, 
  i 'm going there this summer and i 'm so excited !, 
  i actually think this will be good for britain and the eu . 
  a minority government will mean that they have to get along on the policies for brexit in parliament ; hopefully leading to a more sensible exit . 
  do n't make her forget this , please brits !, 
  i think this is a political disaster for may in the same way that the brexit referendum was for cameron . 
  i do n't get it ; people are apparently pissed that he wants to work with diplomacy to make sure such a strike wo n't be possible ? 
  thanks !, 
  perhaps i got that going for me at least !, 
  you know that you 're pretty shit when putin , of all people , comes across as more progressive than you . 
  even though i hope for corbyn , i would actually quite enjoy a tory minority-government . 
  it would make boris johnson sweat , which i always enjoy , but it would also mean that the u.k. ca n't be so cocky at the negotiation table . 
  the parlament would have to get along , or at least a majority of it , before a deal can be made . 
  in turn , i believe it would make for a better brexit-deal in the end , tbh . 
  i donno , maybe i 'm just an asshole . 
  i 'm rooting for corbyn in this election as well . 
  maybe that 's only because i 'm in my `` idealistic youth '' , but i do believe that he could bring the change that britain is in need of and negotiate a deal which will benefit the u.k. as well as the eu . 
  the swiss -- always doing everything a little bit fancier . 
  nice !, 
  same goes for sweden . 
  or maybe we drink more wine than beer , i do n't know . 
  but i have a hard time seeing that beer is less popular than vodka . 
  i actually quite like it that our prime minister has a normal office . 
  it could actually be a good way of doing things . 
  what i think is needed to control trump is authority , experience and well-recognized respect ; all things merkel have . 
  putin on the other hand , could need a more energetic and pragmatic individual , who is n't afraid to speak their mind ( which macron clearly has shown he could do ) . 
  as much as i detest sarkozy i ca n't help but feel sorry for him . 
  it ca n't be fun being verbally assaulted by an intimidating fuck like putin . 
  he seems like a very intelligent person with a pragmatic mindset -- something i think is very valuable with a president . 
  do a good job and people will keep electing you , i guess ... 
  i did n't know the situation it was said in , but hearing that only makes this seem like an even greater move than i thought . 
   like what ? 
  he has connections to far right groups in france , he can spread fake news and negative portraits of you through rt or other of his mouthpieces . 
   i very much doubt this 'd change anything , except make putin less disposed to dealing with us . 
  well , maybe . 
  but i think it is good that we tell the world what we think of him , offering people -- especially russians -- another view of him than the one portrayed by russian media and other propaganda channels . 
  criticism coming from macron , merkel or some other leader weighs more heavily than me or some other average joe writing on the internet . 
   it achieves nothing but antagonize putin ? 
  i disagree . 
  i think macron is actually showing leadership and sends a clear message that he wo n't tolerate russian involvement in other countries affairs . 
   the sole reason he says that is to offend putin . 
  there 's nothing in else in it . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  in my opinion , he is saying it show that he wo n't be easy on russian meddling in the election or the spread of fake news through putin mouth pieces like sputnik or rt. 
  i like marseilles though , so i guess that only makes him better . 
  i do n't know . 
  putin , unfortunately , has a lot of influence -- enough so to make life hard for you . 
  granted , he wo n't do much because of this .
