  not for lack of trying ... 
  just one ? 
  we have plenty in the bundestag right now , just go to the npd headquarters . 
  i think that 's what the eu needs most ; more democracy . 
  a lot of problems exist in the current system , that 's for sure , but unless we give the european people representation and the means to address those problems through legislation , then what 's the point ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  this is what i love about eurovision and / r/europe , there is always more to learn from our neighbors . 
  nein , nein , we were all on vacation !, 
  but on a more serious note , i had to type up the whole thing by hand . 
  i really wish i had a better notion of danish culture because i did n't know what to choose as the food/insult . 
  remove kogt torsk remove kogt torsk you are worst danish . 
  you are the danish idiot you are the danish smell . 
  return to norway . 
  to our norway cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , denmark we will never forgeve you . 
  nordic rascal fuck but fuck asshole nordic stink danish pis og papir . . danish genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead nord . . ahahahahahdenmark we will get you !!, 
  do not forget j\u00fctland.germoney we refine the oil , return to your precious ukraine ... . hahahahaha idiot norway and dernamrk smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kogt torsk from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  germoney + sweden + england + dutch = kill danish ... you will j\u00fctland / cascada alive in berlin , cascada making song of berlin . 
  mockumentary cascada germoney . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of cascada ... you are ppoor stink danish ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt cascada alive numbr one # 1 in berlin ... fuck the norway , . . fuckk ashol danish no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and no oil . 
  cascada aliv and real strong wizard kill all the danish farm pig with electriik magic now we the germoney rule . ape of the zoo prime ministr helle thorning-schmidt fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and denmark wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  germoney greattst cuntry, 
  dammit germany , we 've got to get our shit together on this . 
  we 're almost losing to finland . 
  russia changing its internal policies based on human rights violations ? 
  i do n't think there 's a precedent for that , ever . 
  it 's always so strange to see you people outside of that sub , i keep forgetting that it 's quite possible to use reddit for discussing issues like the eu and the euro rather than just making jokes about schengen disease . 
  i feel the problem is largely political inertia ; as you said , most of the northern european countries ( along with belgium , the netherlands , and france ) are preferring to sit on their hands and discuss minutae ( anyone recall the articles in the eu press about the choice for ambassador ? ), 
  rather than tackle the larger issues . 
  this is what happens when you have an eu that is primarily led by a coaliation of strong executives rather than a strong parlimentary system ( i.e. 
  stronger than it is now ) , none of them have much impetious to put forward ideas lest they do n't jive with their home country 's electorate , regardless of how well received they 'll be in the eu as a whole . 
  the `` safe '' strategy is to sit back and wait for someone ( e.g. 
  merkel ) to try something and then criticize it from the gallery ( read : a safe political distance ) . 
  scottish independence 's not happening , is it ? 
  in my opinion , about as much as the piratepartei ( which is to say , not very much ) . 
  what ? 
  the cdu fishing for votes ? 
  you do n't say . 
  i was just messing with you ( as is the premise of the thread ) , i love belgian beer < 3, 
  obviously , because it certainly tastes like a priest needed to bless it to give it even the smallest bit of taste . 
  ah , thank you . 
  also , how is hollande doing ? 
  the german press says his popularity is worse than old sarkozy . 
  what 's the political right like in iceland ? 
  did n't someone send hollande gunpowder ? 
  does anyone in europe ? 
  oh , sorry , it was early in the morning and my spellcheck did n't notice . 
  having grown up partially in germany and partially in the us , it 's very different . 
  in ~ ~ amerika ~ ~ america it 's almost as if they * want * you to chest-thump and be patriotic and swear your unconditional alliegance to the government without question . 
  growing up in germany and being told ( and shown ) the consequences of doing that has sobered me to all this patriotism . 
  it 's interesting because even though you cite your `` numbers '' for `` real terms spending money , '' this has not translated into better social mobility for the british lower classes . 
  particularly , [ the guardian notes that social mobility has n't really changed since the 1970s ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2012/may/22/social-mobility-data-charts ) . 
  if thatcherism policies of `` leveling the playing field '' for british families were designed to better off those at the lower rungs of the socioeconomic spectrum then they clearly did n't leave us with a lasting legacy of increased purchasing power parity for the lower classes . 
  and the various referendums on treaties that have increased integration ? 
  i do n't really think the spd is going to get enough votes for # 3 . 
  steinbr\u00fcck is no helmut schmidt ; he can not promise the greens enough to make a coalition anywhere near viable , if the polls i 've seen are correct . 
  if anything , i would think that i agree with your analysis that # 2 is the most likely , and the spd will likely try to prod merkel into a more `` giving '' mood insofar as financial support/austerity goes . 
  thank you my bulgarian friend . 
  sorry about the whole , uh , invasion thing . 
  firefox has really improved over the years , and there really is n't a replacement for the ctrl + shift + e combo for people like me who have 20 + tabs open at a time but do n't want to use up all my pc 's memory . 
   even more delicious you 're fucking with me , right ? 
  out of curiosity , where in france did you grow up/live for a significant period ? 
   i 'm . not.even.gay . 
  wow , 12 whole data points . 
  you should publish this . 
  please not berlusconi , please not berlusconi ... 
  i dunno man , judith holofernes ... is quite something . 
  we use leibniz 's notation . 
  we do n't use his work , unless you 're talking about non-standard analysis . 
  does the [ product rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/product_rule ) not count as standard analysis ? 
  what about [ leibniz 's integral rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leibniz_integral_rule ) ? 
  so , no , you are mistaken in that respect . 
  also :  modern `` standard '' calculus is presented in terms of limits and delta-epsilon arguments , which are due to bolzano , cauchy and weierstrass . 
  fair enough . 
  i would say cauchy 's le calcul infinit\u00e9simal is probably the most important of the combined work of those and that 's why i only mentioned gauss and cauchy explicitly , though i do n't remember why i included gauss ... 
  i think i meant to include riemann instead . 
   calculus pet peeve of mein : even if newton technically `` discovered '' calculus before leibniz did , they both developed it independently of each other , and leibniz 's notation and work are what we use today . 
  besides , most the theoretical foundations for calculus came later , thanks to cauchy and gauss . 
  polandball can not into correct orientation . 
  why ? 
  it is n't ? 
  :p i kid , i kid . 
  ... was . 
  i should remind you of the last time someone was proud of my country . 
  it did n't end well . 
  so did you miss the libor scandal ? 
  i consider that highly irregular , if not illegal , and at the very least `` dodgy . '', 
  also the assertion that france is somehow under german control is laughably false . 
  also , `` super strong '' unions is not a uniquely french phenomenon . 
  i 'm sure sweden has its fair share of those as well . 
  just out of curiosity since you are lacking a flag , are you italian ? 
  it * would * be interesting to have belgians in the next call of duty modern black cops warfare 12 . 
  as my french friends say , though , the ai would be too easy , 
  ctrl + f m83 , was pleasantly surprised . 
  also til ladytron 's from the uk . 
  we should never let facts get in the way of a good circlejerk .
