i think it 's because the us wanted sauds to produce more oil ( like they did in soviet era ) so the price of oil runs below 100 $ , an amount crucial for russia to run their budget - http://www.economist.com/news/international/21627642-america-and-its-friends-benefit-falling-oil-prices-its-most-strident-critics?zid=298&amp;ah=0bc99f9da8f185b2964b6cef412227be countries of opec cartel does n't even respect limits they gave themselves and sauds are able to keep it this way for like 3 years . 
  why could n't you say that in the beginning ? 
  for me the best solution for now is voting for knp but before you kill me to death , i and 80 % of my colleagues/acquitances are voting for them , not because of their election promises , but because they have the most powerful clout . 
  their economic program is a total mess , but i 'm tired already of present ruling party . 
  imo the greatest calamity for us actually , is that we do n't have a normal , balanced party that we could vote without killing each other . 
  there 's no one that i could fully support , that i can say you 're right . 
  public health service is a nuisance , fortunately i 'm privately insured and i can get a physician of every spec the same day i register . 
  in public health care you wait 3 months up to 2 years depends on what you need . 
  almost every institution in this country is a nuisance , it 'll be faster to say which is not . 
  income tax threshold is lower than in tanzania , so 3 times minimum wage is already taxed , this makes people go for social assistance . 
  we 're spending 4 bln more for social assistance than for labor offices and business grants , government spending for r&d is nonexistent . 
   88 % of entrepreneurs and ceo 's sees deterioration or no improvement in their businesses there are 20 + separate institutions that can control a company . 
  more red tape than almost every country in the eu . 
  to get an average wage of ~ 3800 your employer will pay a total of 4300 + and you 'll get ~ 2800 , that is per 1 $ earned by an employee , a total cost of taxes is 1.6 $ - http://newdirectionfoundation.org/documents/public/attachments/taxliberationdays2013.pdf - page 13 . 
  that makes entrepreneurs export more than a half of their products , cause people here has no money to support national market . 
   as in contrary to other parties that ruled ? 
  none of them was so arrogant . 
   poland is under construction . 
  literally everywhere in poland theres infrastructure being built . 
  it 's due to eu funds ( thanks ! ), 
  but we are in the eu since 2004 and i have n't seen any previous government do that much . 
  sure it 's not perfect but in contrary to everyone before it at least is . 
  `` is under construction '' is a bad argument . 
  most of roads that has been built are 5 times more expensive than roads in e.g. 
  switzerland . 
  go from cracow to katowice and you 'll pay like 30-40 z\u0142 for a section that is no longer than 70-80 kilometers . 
   when gdp is growing everywhere it 's `` thanks to our management , can i have a rise ? '', 
  but when crisis comes `` it 's gov fault ! '' . 
  the case is that they were doing nothing to fix this situation . 
  i wrote above about red tape . 
  no one has enough courage to admit that we ca n't afford upkeeping that much of public sector . 
  we would n't need so much of eu funds , or we could use them more efficiently if we would n't have so much taxes , cause companies that builds this infrastructure would n't give away so much to our glorious state . 
  seems that 's right that on reddit you ca n't critisize anything but comcast even if you 're right cause you 'll get instantly downvoted . 
  i asked what did they achieve , i was first so now be so kind and answer me . 
  because after 7 yrs more than 60 % polled are unsatisfied , today i read that 88 % of entrepreneurs and ceo 's sees deterioration or no improvement in their businesses . 
  there are year per year new affairs . 
  a lot of his election promises are broken and these promises that are delivered works like shit . 
  if i 'd have to list everything in a comment i 'd end up in the morning . 
  so it will be easier and faster to tell me what this government did right , cause reddit and all the media across the eu seems to ignore what 's happening here . 
  no , i 'm just a bit shocked . 
  after 7 last years i found someone who wants the ruling party remain . 
  everything is wrong because it is wrong . 
  what kind of success did the current government/ruling party achieve that they should still be in charge ? 
  you hope the ruling party wo n't change ? 
  gasprom did it because poland and others were reversing gas to ukraine cause ukraine was threatened by gasprom to stop delivering anything . 
  now there 's a confusion whether poland is still delivering or is not cause we 're getting 30 % fewer gas than ordered . 
  i would n't be surprised if gasprom stopped to deliver anything to ukraine after all these threats . 
  terrible , still i do n't have an answer for the first question ... they 're escrowing keys and not using forward secrecy or wtf . 
  how are they able to log into banks or smth when they block tls ? 
  what about vpns , i mean , softether and openvpn are tls tunnels so what about l2tp or else ? 
  ghostery is very useful in this matter , i 'd also recommend to switch from adblock to https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/ublock/ - it has many lists coded already and it 's just ticking the boxes in settings , also noscript if you 're paranoid . 
  \\  https://call.brussels \\  even your connection is not secure, 
  everything can be called that it 's `` better for country x '' , but ignoring judicial rulings sets a very dangerous precedent and just because po was a band of thieves or law violators does n't give pis the right to do the same , if anything , they should set higher standards , much much higher than this . 
  i personally see our constitutional tribunal as very competent and ca n't throw shit at them at all , maybe one ruling and they 're doing a good job . 
  today they 're ignoring this ruling , so tomorrow they will ignore a ruling stating that nationalizing citizens ' houses and cars for the betterment of everyone is unconstitutional , aside from that it 's just a thievery . 
  i 'm not overly fond of what follows . 
  everyone that possess even little knowledge about how a state of law , separation of powers and courts are working should support the tribunal even despite some accusations that they 're politically sided . 
  just because the opposition which i do n't really like too is saying that this is a farce and the ct says that too does not mean they 're supporting anyone , they 're supporting state of law and the law order . 
  of course it is , that 's why the general council of attorneys , the supreme court , the constitutional tribunal , national judiciary council , general prosecutor ( now nonexistent because our current government decided again to merge minister of justice and the gp ) , even the legislative bureau of the senate and the sejm ( which are two independent bodies created to support both houses independently ) torpedoed everything from top to bottom , council of europe , european commission and now the us and everyone 's saying we 're obliged to obey and publish every ruling , and last law that was supposed to tarpit our tribunal was very much unconstitutional , every lawyer in the country with no connections to the ruling party said the same , not to mention every single department of law and faculty from 5 different universities . 
  the best thing is that some people are so blind that they ca n't recognize the tribunal as a safeguard but instead says that they 're just the third house of the parliament and because of this they will interfere with any new ideas . 
  what 's not mentioned is that out of 15 judges 9 of them were elected with votes also from the current ruling party . 
  each law that went into effect regarding our ct and last surveillance law is technically unconstitutional and of course not publishing is even worse than publishing it because it will create an unimaginable mess and disorder in our everyday law order , which i 'm unfortunately aware about because the situation is unprecedented . 
  i can understand vaguely written surveillance law because of a fucked up situation created by our previous government and it should be amended asap but this ... 
  actually it was n't `` almost free of internet snooping '' . 
  last act allowed the police and others to just check geoposition , call records via direct links with telecoms and if they 're in need of obtaining internet metadatas a prosecutor sends an info demand and providers have no tools to fight these demands . 
  the first one has been deemed by the ct as unconstitutional because 1 ) no supervision and 2 ) in contrary to a usual prying on content of conversations , messages etc. 
  there were no procedures of destroying such datas so i would n't say `` free of snooping '' . 
  technically they can now just do what they could do before , but now they can do it openly and lawfully . 
  of course a part of our consistently stupid society is very content with destroying , dismantling and paralysing the constitutional tribunal which did very few wrong things if any ( maybe except retirement funds ) - because the system of appointing is flawed - in the name of `` fixing the situation '' and `` preventing the third chamber of the parliament from overruling laws enacted by democratically elected government '' . 
  which is possible only because of a terrible coincidence which allowed their party to grow from 36 % votes in elections to 51 % in the lower chamber ( sld would have entered the parliament if they did n't start as a coalition , they have their iron electorate , just the threshold jumped from 5 % to 8 % , no one 's going to vote for palikot , if anything , this alliance harmed their score rather than helped ) , then the present government would n't get 235 votes out of 460 but something around 210 and someone could restrain them from screwing things up , not to mention jkm . 
  e : i 've noticed you on / r/privacy saying  poland was an island of privacy in europe , right now it 's the same thing as western europe i respect your willingness to start a company , but it was n't an island of privacy , i 'd say it 's pretty much centered . 
  czech republic is more privacy-friendly , legally germany too ( their constitutional tribunal trashed entire data retention law based on eu directive , where we 're still retaining metadatas on isp level for 12 months and they 're released just after a single letter from the prosecutor , where i can tell because 1 ) i know a bit our privacy laws 2 ) a member of my family leads a local isp company and i had a word about this ) . 
  actually in poland for a long time the police and other authorized forces could be intercepting your phone conversations for like 4 days , during which they were obliged to ask a court for permission , granted , if they were denied they were obliged to destroy everything , but some things wo n't be unheard or unseen . 
  it was n't and not like they need a court permission to tap your phone or internet traffic . 
  https://web archive org/web/20140107063405 / https://www.privacyinternational.org/reports/poland/ii-surveillance-policies ( for unknown reasons my comment got deleted because i linked to web archive ... )  the law specifies for which cases the interception of communications may be authorised . 
  in exceptional cases , a public prosecutor may initiate a wiretap and then apply for authorisation to a court . 
  the police act also permits the use of electronic surveillance for the prevention of crime as well as for investigative purposes . 
  non-procedural wiretapping is authorised by a court on a motion from a relevant agency and consent of the public prosecution service . 
  in urgent cases the agencies may initiate wiretapping without authorisation and then apply to the court . 
   the police act has been amended by the telecommunications act . 
  the amendments focus on disclosing and processing of caller id by the police , and also concern network terminals and/or telecom devices used in the connection , data generated during the connection or attempts to connect to particular telecom devices or network terminals , and circumstances and type of connection . 
  currently they may be disclosed to and processed by the police only in order to prevent or detect a crime . 
  this data may be disclosed at a written request by the police commander in chief and/or a regional commander , or at an oral request of a policeman having a written authorisation of the above-mentioned authorities . 
  telecom operators shall disclose to the policemen the data mentioned in the request of an appropriate police unit . 
  materials obtained by the police which contain information relevant to the criminal proceedings are transferred to the office of the prosecutor . 
  materials obtained by the police which do not contain information significant to criminal proceedings shall be immediately destroyed by a specially formed committee , which shall also provide officially recorded evidence of the destruction . 
  data shall be disclosed to the police at the cost of the telecommunications operator . 
  despite the opinions of the police and state security services , operators are not obliged to register ( identify ) pre-paid users . 
  that 's just it , we 're living in a country where the police can take your call records via direct links with telecoms lawfully without any supervision , to search your house a permission from the prosecution office is enough , but when it 's about wiretapping they need consent from a prosecutor and a court permission . 
  someone 's violating him with a different opinion !, 
  it 's not , but amending the constitution is a complicated process with a lot of `` ifs '' and `` buts '' . 
  before an amendment even hits the lower house it 's required to be frozen for 3 months , then it would require a 66 % in the lower house , then the higher house needs to agree within 60 days by absolute majority ( they 're elected in single mandate constituencies in contrary to the lower house ) and then the president is required to agree . 
  note that if the amendment changes anything regarding i , ii or xii ( the republic of poland , citizens ' freedoms and duties and changing the process of changing the constitutionwemustgodeeper ) chapters 1/5 of deputies in the lower house/higher house as a whole/the president can initiate a binding referendum . 
  i mean , ~ ~ i was writing this without checking anything because ~ ~ nevermind , checked . 
  i was sitting in a commission at these elections so after 22 hours without sleep , 15 hours spent in there and having to handle turnout above 73 % percent in my oblast my brain is already burnt out because that 's how i feel , ca n't differentiate colours in front of me , my everything does n't exist , my eyes are screaming and i think nuclear war would be better so sorry for my english , it 's usually better . 
  well i was sitting in a commission a few times - including today - and everything that 's not x in a square equals no one giving a single fuck . 
  you can , it 's just somewhere else than deactivation . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/amd/comments/4pl6v3/comment/d4m1qz4?st=iurxiylz&amp;amp;sh=ac7919bf - also scroll down because the first is not the only one . 
  made some points here . 
  it 's not a luxury but consider that i 'm not earning a legal minimum and still have to live with parents or purchasing an i7 which costs around $ 350 / $ 300 takes around 60 % of my salary .
