  is this hurting more than it is helping at this point ? 
  greece needs it 's economy to get going again , every passing day of inaction is only causing more damage . 
  i see . . sorry , not used to seeing such high approval ratings . 
  i 'm used to seeing high 40s for our presidents here , anything reaching 60 seems like an outlier to me . 
  i did n't ignore that , i really hope greece can find a way to recover . 
  i also hope eu can stabilize . 
  oh , i mistook merkel 's and schaebul 's massive a approvals ratings as gratitude of their moves . 
  anyone know how the implementation of the reform is going ? 
  is it something that will be voted by parliament all at once or throughout the week ? 
  i ca n't help but see so many similarities between the 2 major nations in this conflict to be honest : germany has no trust in tsipras , greeks have no trust in schaeuble/merkel . 
  greece is accused of breaking the eurozone rules ( `` cooking the books '' ) . 
  germany ignored surplus rules for eurozone stability . 
  people wondered why greece wascelebrating a `` pointless '' referendum , germans are celebrating doing another bail out with the same measure ( maybe harsher ) that lead to were we are today ( and will possibly only hurt germany in the long run ) . 
  anyhow , just thought it was funny in a way lol . 
  no matter who won/loss the outcome seems the same . 
  if anything it just shows that we are all humans . ^ ^ ^ or ^ ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ ^ illuminaty ? 
  ultimatum thought : could greece say no to both ultimatums , decline to give up sovereignty and decline to leave ez ? 
  after all , greece does n't have to agree to either right ? 
  furthermore they are currently suing in an attempt to distribute their own euros . 
  if the german proposal is so severe , it might just end up back firing entirely ( i mean more then it already has ) . 
  its true : /, 
  europeans * keep talking about lost of trust in greece , i 've lost trust in the eurozone 's handling of this crisis . 
  i think you have forgotten gold is more then just a currency : 1 . 
  it is finite . 
  sure people can mine for it but there is only so much gold on earth , and in fact is actually rarer then diamonds . 
  it has actual real world applications . 
  it is the best ( aside from graphene ) at transmitting electricity , it is also used in jewelry ( due to its rarity ) , etc. 
  paper money holds no value other then the agreed upon consensus that we agree to trade it for other things of value . 
  there is a difference between actual gold and paper money . 
  gold carries it 's own value , paper money is more a matter of trust . 
  i can take my dollars to any state in the usa ( and some other countries ) and they are accepted . 
  what is the point of the dollar if i end up in texas thinking it 's the local currency and then it is is n't universally accepted as a currency ? 
  obviously that would never happen , no way the federal government would ever let that happen . 
  also , if texas changes it 's currency ( no offense texans just a random example : / ) , what is to stop other states from doing the same ? 
  i want assurance that my dollars will remain with universal trade value , other wise i would put all my savings into gold ( or some other universally acceptable commodity ) . 
  we get to see this unravel , so we do n't have to speculate i suppose , but i am sure there are issues with euro instability . 
  unless they want to hide behind them of course, 
  but so long as germany uses the euro they will be pressured to assist other countries in the euro , which they will not like , since inevitably the country at the bottom will always suffer more ( then if it were on its own currency ) due to not being able to inflate their own currency . 
  i just do n't see it as viable union anymore . 
  time to inverse europe ... 
  rip euro , but i 'm pretty sure germany would prefer no euro anyhow . 
  best of luck guys . 
  greece was requesting around 50 but imf is saying they need around 80, 
  so for once merkel wants to make a deal but now sch\u00e4uble is resisting, 
  sounds like a large group of private investors . . would n't it benefit syriaz to cooperate with them ? 
  that does n't sound bad then . 
  they are not giving negative feedback about the deal it self , rather they want assurance szyras will implement it . 
  if tsipras gets parliament to begin implementations in good faith , then sounds like they are on board . 
  umm ... someone eli5 me here but are they saying they are reducing costs for producing medication ? 
  in other words . . 
  it becomes more beneficial now to be a drug manufacturer in greece ? 
  not sure if i understood it right but if true , could be a really good thing for greece . 
  edit : for generics at least . 
  we do n't know the terms yet . 
  it may be a harsh deal but not necessarily a worst deal . 
  maybe they got some debt relief after all , but in turn had to make more cuts . 
  what matters more is whether it 's a realistic deal which will fix greek 's economy in the long run . 
  just let them clean up their corruption , this is good . 
  it 's not a matter of opinion either , doctored photos among other things . 
  you 're pretty well educated , thank you for the intelligent feedback , i actually feel like i learned something here . 
  hang in there , will be rough at first but i am sure you will manage . 
  you probably also believe the euro is unsustainable , but hope for a way . 
  i think germany might do better going back to its own currency to be honest , but germany 's reasons for being in the euro are beyond my understanding so i wo n't pretend to know . 
  you may also be right though , maybe countries with less corruption will be able to maintain an advantage in the euro . 
  seems like the euro is simply unsustainable . 
  `` productivity '' is not that straight forward either . 
  for example , the same person can work the same number of hours in germany or greece , and put the same amount of effort , but productivity would be higher in germany due to better infrastructure , ex : more technology , available resources , more efficient transportation system , etc. 
  this gets further compounded * with austerity and large debt , because now not only does the same amount of productivity get reduced by infrastructure , but it gets reduced even less because as part of it goes to paying off loans , interest , bailing out banks , etc. 
  less of it gets injected back into the economy . 
  aside from those 2 , it also gets reduced by corruption , ex : big companies refusing to pay taxes , corrupt politicians taking baillout money for themselves , etc. 
  so for every working hour someone puts in greece , a portion of it is going to supporting all of those , and keep in mind that tsipras was elected because they want get rid of corruption . 
  so yeah . . 
  the greek people have a lot of weight on their shoulders . 
  greece needs better infrastructure , just as it needs less corruption . 
  it 's not as simple as more austerity . 
  so a few people might lose a few bucks they gambled ? 
  i do n't think that is at the top of the priority list for some reason , and if it was i would be ok with losing said money because that 's the risk you take . 
  but yeah a few retail investors losing like $ 1000 each is not a crisis . 
  edit : to add to that , people can make money from an economy dropping just as easy as one recovering . 
  so regardless of the outcome , someone will always make money . 
  can a savvy person explain how this is a good thing or what benefits it brings ? 
  i do n't get it : /, 
  i do n't know , it looks painted . 
  creditors know the debt is unsustainable , they know their previous requirements lead to a 25 % drop in the greek economy , and skyrocketing unemployment , but it seems to be what they want . 
  the outside world looking in knows the numbers do n't add up , but it seems their goal is to force greece into default no matter what . 
  they accuse tsipras of not presenting a viable solution , but their solution is just as unviable . 
  such a misleading tittle ... 
  the article itself says they are investigating accusations of corruption they received . 
   russia has no money for outsiders due to sanctions . 
  something tells me russia is working to overcome said `` sanctions '' starting with greece . 
  sure there can be `` sanctions '' in place , but why would countries leaving the ez give a - fuck - about said sanctions ? 
  just a thought . . 
  got ta excuse lockheed martin , they do n't know shit about subtlety . 
  they make loud stuff , not stealth . 
  and here i thought people would appreciate outside countries letting eu decide for themselves . 
  i 'd rather wait for the dust to settle . 
  unnecessary risk , especially when just a little patience can bring so much more certainty . 
  leave the hondas alone : /, 
  nice of him to try and mediate but do n't think it will have any impact on the outcome . 
  at this point people should just sell their euros , sit back and let europe sort out their issues , get back in when things are stable again .
