  ca n't force people/countries to do something they do n't want to do , or there will be resentment . 
  are vws sold to eu countries made differently then vws sold over seas ? 
  because their crap here : / always breaking down ... 
  on the chart , it seems their growth stagnated and has , albeit slowly , declined since 2013 . 
  i think the yes media 's biased just made it too easy for people to vote no . 
  if the media is cropping photos of events that never happened , coupled with giving yes rally 's 5 times as much coverage , it makes people reall suspicious . 
  add to that threatening greek people who have been in a non stop recession , and it 's easy to see why no won so easily . 
  greeks wanted progress , and the yes campaign did n't offer anything other then the shrinking economy they are already experiencing . 
  if the yes campaign had been more sincere it could of easily been a much closer race , but the way it came off just seemed to represent the corruption they are tired of dealing with . 
  you will find out tomorrow . 
  nice , now i get it lol . 
  so they are working on finally cracking down on tax evaders , bout time . 
  that is true , and i can only be hopeful of that, 
  the best point he makes is `` the debt has to be manageable because its the only way investors will be attracted . '', 
  that is 100 % true . 
  if they go with the same plan as the last 5 years , they will only continue to sink , but if the debt is restructured to were it can actually be dealt with , then people like me will jump in on that market . 
  hang in there , best of luck to ya . 
  may you guys rebuild your democracy after the corrupt jump ship once they realize they ca n't make money there anymore ( run the country ) . 
  it will be hard , but good in the long run . 
  6/18/2015 ( jin regards to 6/22/2015 ) http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/06/18/uk-eurozone-greece-banks-ecb-idukkbn0oy2lp20150618 and there are many headlines before . 
  from bloomberg down grades , to many other greece news . 
  eu has been diminishing confidence in greek banking almost religiously ( before the `` referendum '' ) . 
  i raise my flag regardless of whether it gets spat on or saluted . 
  just fight for what you believe in , and there will be no regrets ^ ^ i ^ ^ think ? 
  he was elected to say no to pension cuts , and he is sticking to that value . 
  he will respectively step down if people vote yes at the referendum , because that would mean the people have changed their stance and he is no longer representing their views . 
   sunday 's referendum is not about whether our country will stay in the eurozone . 
  this is a given and no one should question this . 
  easy , the debate is about the bail out , but he and greece plan to stay in the euro regardless . 
   that 's even more unbelievable . 
  the basic truth of it is that greek banks are allowing people to withdraw money from greek 's creditors , meanwhile the greek government is having a referendum and supporting a ` no ' result to say `` we wo n't pay you back '' . 
  so why would anyone give money to greek 's banks that has a significant chance of not being returned ? 
  that is not what he is referring to as `` blackmail '' . 
  the constant announcements made by eu creditors that greek banks will run out money on `` x '' day , which were false , eventually did lead to banks having to restrict how much could be withdrawn . 
  basically creditors said `` greek banks wont have funds by monday '' and then that monday came but banks were still open , and then kept doing that until people withdrew enough money to not be able to remain open . 
   ... all i can do is keep reminding myself that it 's the greek people that will suffer the most as a result of this . 
  a greek exit will be a cataclysm . 
  i hope the eu tries to find a way to help greece , despite tsipras and his gang of arseholes . 
  greek media is doctoring photos of scenes that are n't there , and provide 5 times as much coverage to `` yes '' rally then `` no '' . 
  employers force their employees to attend yes rally under threat of being fired . 
  shipping industry refuse to pay taxes still . 
  it is the greek people that are already suffering , while the obvious corrupt elite continue to protect the corruption in order to maintain the status quo . 
  question : if the terms of the bailout change , would that void the referendum ? 
  greece is voting on whether or not to accept * current * terms right ? 
  it 's sickening how nsa officials defend the program because of terrorism and always counter with `` well do you want * the lives of thousands on your hands ? '', 
  ( insinuating they wo n't find terrorist if restricted ) , but then they turn around and use it for this shit . 
  reminds me of rick james `` i would never stomp my muddy boots all over some else 's couch , come one i have little more sense than that !, 
  ... yea i stomped my muddy boots all over their couch . '', 
  boy . . 
  i think that would shut down most governments lol, 
  mr. junker is such a charmer :\\ ^ ), 
   lazy greeks your racism is showing, 
  `` nagotiations '' why do they keep using that word if they will only accept exactly what they are demanding word for word ? 
  it should be more like `` door still open to accept our non-negotiable offer . '', 
  it 's how i honestly feel about the situation , if i said anything else i would be lying . 
  greece offers a vote for the people to decide their fate , ez creditors respond by denying bailout and thus elimating the chance of being the peoples choice . 
  although the outcome would most likely be the same , to me this seems like merkel and friends disrespecting greek people by taking the choice away from them . 
  and what would hold them back from recovering ? 
  once investors do n't have to worry about capital controls or the banks defaulting why would they stay away ? 
  there will be plenty of people looking for work , which would make for competitive goods prices that would most likely be lower than countries in the eu , especially with the euro going up in value . 
  ok , so they default and do n't pay . 
  next year comes around and they do n't pay . 
  they start to recover economically outside the ez , have their own currency and declare the debt unlawful and do n't pay . 
  the debt `` does n't go away '' but it wo n't be paid so what next ? 
  they ca n't attack greece , they 're a nato member . 
  i do n't see anything other than creditors having to write off the debt . 
  for starters , they wo n't have a massive debt sucking up all future profits . 
  they will also be free to run their government anyway they see fit . 
  furthermore , once they start printing their own money , and the rough patch of capital controls is over , investors will return to greece because they will no longer fear capital controls , defaulting , etc. 
  an upcoming economy is to investors what blood is to a shark . 
  heck , if i had money during the 2008 collapse i would have thrown it all in the market , but alas i was broke . 
  well he was elected because the people did n't want to get ** more ** pension cuts . 
  he tried negotiating but was unable to change the demands of creditors . 
  he is sticking to what he was elected for , but giving the people the final say because his answer is already no . 
  make sure to plant some seeds and get some chickens ready , you guys going to have a rough 2 months ( ? ), 
  but hang in there !, 
  i mean , if i lived in greece for the past 7 years , i might be somewhat familiar with the situation . 
  i would think the average greek citizen probably knows more then us internet browsers . 
  well , maybe because of the austerity mesures ? 
  maybe it is being viewed as more than a fiscal issue . 
  thing is , greece is part of an economic union . 
  being part of said union allows other union members to benefit from greece doing poorly ( lowering the euro ) . 
  its not as simple as `` they get free money '' because other nations within the same union are prospering at the expense of the nations that are doing bad . 
  if greece were not in the same union , they could be more competitive . 
  edit : being part of said union also lowers competition from union members , restricts trades to the guidelines of the union , etc. 
  maybe there should be more focus on helping the economy grow , rather then making cuts were cuts have already been made . 
  edit : also , using banks as hostages only makes things worse . 
  which is why they are n't letting it out of the euro , they want greece to default and stay in the eurozone . 
  i supposed it depends on the country . 
  in the states lobbying is done by corporations and unions . 
  it does not give equal opportunities for voices to be heard , unless you are referring to equal opportunities for people with deep pockets . 
  it is n't `` to see different points of view , '' it is to sell political power to the highest bidder . 
  at this point , i am convinced there is no thing as `` negotiations . '', 
  germany and the imf will decline any proposal that is n't exactly what they demand , despite their previous demands only extending the greek recession . 
  i knew this would be declined yesterday . 
  as the biggest exporting country in eu , this whole fiasco only benefits german economy by weakening the euro . 
  did n't they already do pension cuts before ? 
  it 's understandable if they will only do cuts to a certain extent . 
  at some point it 's not about making cuts , it 's about trying to bring in revenue . 
  it 's like a submarine struggling with life support , and in response they keep making cuts on food , air , etc.
