oh i went to st. michel when i was like 12 . 
  reading books about knights and stuff all the vacation while in the car on the way to castles and ch\u00e2teaus . 
  great memories !, 
  how can you not say gruy\u00e8re ? 
  best cheese in the wolrd , if it 's old enough !, 
  the economy is n't booming but it 's still running . 
  the whole situation is still pretty good tho . 
  why do you think rheinmetall is building a apc factory there . 
  surely not because we like those guys a lot ... 
  http://home.arcor.de/guersch/pictures/arbeitslos_tagesspiegel_020708.jpg east-west ... 
  thanks sovietunion for driving all companies to the west ... 
  it would be heaven if they were to join eu and nato and all the other stuff . 
  i sometimes ask myself if there 's a candidate roaming russian politics who would get all these things accomplished !, 
  ask yourself where the money comes from for these brand new road . 
  http://www.dw.de/image/0,,16635519_401,00.jpg this is in billions . 
  never planned going there ... 
  the east = north east states . 
  when a german says east he is talking about the ex ddr which are the north east countries . 
  munich is very attractive for young people . 
  to be honest most young people leave the east . 
  we have plenty in the east ... nobody wants to go there tho ... 
  i love to visit your country too , america !, 
  you do know there are 70.000 us troops in europe ? 
  they are in psychotherapy ( or sth . 
  similar ) so that costs a lot of money too . 
  no sp\u00e4tzle , spatzen , kn\u00f6pfle are made from eggs , flour and water !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azaxchfuauc this is how they are produced . 
  northern germany is usually a lot of fish and they drink a lot black tea . 
  my family there drinks nothing but tea it seems sometimes . 
  edit : aldi is awesome , it is cheap and the quality is very good . 
  italy !, 
  i am from bw . 
  and we like to drive there and eat something and look how our ethnic brothers do there . 
  seems our military needs to make some vacations there ... 
  we like to seperate us from austria . 
  you know austria never had a good influence to germany . 
  austria is our little brother we went to jail for . 
  edit : change, 
  as someone from baden this is 100 % correct . 
  mallorca is jokingly called our 17th state . 
  because so many ( drunk ) germans are there . 
  whell rheinmetall just got a contract accepted in which they build a complete factory in algeria for building 800 apc 's . 
  edit : it 's nearly a 1000 apc 's, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qfsauyg8ws ( german ) for non german speakers : the reporter asked why the west does n't like russia . 
  putin answers : they are scared . 
  scared of our scale ( he means it 's huge ) . 
  and scared of our nuclear weapons . 
  _ at that point i think that putin is a complete scumbag . 
  most of the guys from germany that join the is are also converts . 
  i saw a couple of videos and these guys were actually german non immigrants . 
  maybe it comes from the fact that they do not learn everything when they are little kids from good teachers but they are older and already desperate and the teacher is a lunatic . 
  the thing with the dog and merkel : psychologists said that putin has inferiority complex . 
  or he is just an asshole . 
  next time someone wants to talk with me about something i 'll have my fucking tiger sitting next to me . . that 'll show him !, 
  yea especially in germany we should fire up our military immediately, 
  we have not really that much space . 
  if there goes something wrong the complete country is a mess . 
  in addition all our nuclear plants are old as fuck and were not really safe to run anymore . 
  so shutting them down was the best thing to do . 
  on the other hand : france is having them at our borders . 
  so there 's that ... 
  in germany the people from the north tend to be happier and more relaxed . 
  but it is a well known fact in germany that the east is still very difficult to handle for the nation monetary and political manners ( right winged parties are usually stronger there . ), 
  the problems are not the immigrants it is how most of them act . 
  they often do n't contribute do the society . 
  it 's not like they come here attend university and become a german citizen and work here . 
  keep in mind i said most of them , i have friends who are from russia/bulgaria/poland / ... that went to university with me and they are all german now . 
  what are you supposed to do with the 20-30 year old people not speaking a single word german and having no education ? 
  we need engineers and highly qualified workers . 
  bosch for example went to spain and enlisted youths there to come to germany and make an apprenticeship and also the gap is supposed to be filled with people from eastern europe . 
  according to our politicians it works . 
  we have been hearing this for years now . 
  nothing happened so far . 
  people who like to bash or complain are hoping for this every year , so what ? 
  til some guy on reddit is the beacon of german economics . 
  nah the mild winter is responsible for most of that . 
  the economy grew to strong early this year and had do decline now . 
  that was always predicted . 
  edit : a mild winter also means trouble for energy companies by the way . 
  lyrics by schiller . 
  western . 
  bremen to be exact . 
  city was completely leveled , but for them the war was over . 
  most people did n't think too good about the russians liberating them i think . 
  everyone in my family was happy when the americans came ... 
  they were happy that the war was over and hoping they could go back to their normal life again . . edit : and certain parts of my family did participate in the war and have seen the horrors on the east front , they were lucky being sent home because of a minor injury . . 
  for sure . 
  if you ever go to weissach , it seems everyone has a porsche there because porsche has their tech center in that village . 
  there 's other countries that are much more extreme in their views . 
  i do n't even know why germany gets all the shit for greece ... 
  germany did n't start ww1 ... ww2 was a direct consequence of versailles treaty . 
  after germany lost ww2 the western allies understood that a strong germany wo n't be starting an other war but a humiliated germany would . 
  also cold war . 
  being the first country to border udssr was strategically important . 
  i 'm curious . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  he built the autobahn so that 's pretty good !, 
  ca n't you get over it that we have a entirely different system which also works ? 
  people just do n't appreciate a good ass these days , mate . . shm, 
  russia cutting off the electricity after these 5 points shm,
