  there is no gain for germany here . 
  1bn is peanuts compared to the amount they loaned them . 
  hell , its even pretty low compared to the amount they already cut . 
  thats how loans usually work . 
  one of the main problems i have with it is the voting right . 
  if you 've lived 20 years in another country and hold the citizenship there you really shouldnt be allowed to still participate in irish elections . 
  it just makes no sense . 
  germany has a quite a few problems in that regard right now that spill over to other countries . 
  we have a shitload of turkish people who migrated in the past to germany and now hold both a german and a turkish citizenship . 
  a lot of them spent the majority of their life in germany but are still allowed to vote in turkish elections . 
  the majority of them voted for erdogans party in the last election while mostly voting for left wing parties in germany . 
  its easy to grow if you 're at the bottom, 
  and do what exactly ? 
  good . 
  dual citizenship is just stupid . 
  just creates a bunch of problems . 
  ah , its the retirement age . 
  is there any reason for that ? 
  why are men are allowed to stay longer ? 
  so you replace corrupt judges with corrupt judges . 
  what is the point ? 
   pretty legitimate country like ukraine lmao, 
  dont even try to spin that shit on me . 
  i was using ** your ** logic so its still your logic . 
  puts quite a few things in perspective when you look at it that way , doesnt it ? 
  and building ns2 is most certainly in germanys interest . 
  ukraine is as unreliable and corrupt as it gets and not having to rely on them is already a major benefit . 
  in addition germany is safing quite a bit on transit fees , another benefit . 
  besides that , it also removes eeu 's ability to leverage germany into a conflict with russia . 
  as you see , plenty of benefits and reason for germany here . 
  if we 're going by your logic then : germany is a part of the eu . 
  not building ns2 is against german interest . 
  actions against germany are against eu . 
  so what do we now ? 
  the nsdap also won the election despite getting not even close to the majority of the votes . 
  they then also started seizing power from within while motherfucking the country . 
  might be a bit vague at the moment but the similarities are there . 
  and in what universe is `` nsdap '' a buzzword ? 
  i dont actually own any migrants so thats not really a problem for me but if you 're talking about the whole refugee/migrant crisis then its not germany who needs to send their refugees somewhere else , they are perfectly fine with them . 
  italy and greece on the other hand ... 
  worst thing is they only got like 37 % in the last election , not even remotely close to a majority . 
  somewhat reminds me of the nsdap, 
  sounds more like swabian . 
  but then again most southern dialects are somewhat similar, 
  so why is it called pudding ? 
  alright . 
  first of all , i never had any debt that could have been forgiven and neither did i ever massacre millions of people . 
  just to clear that up . 
  and there is a difference between reperations and debt . 
  go look it up . 
  boy do i hope this is sarcasm, 
  put some butter on the bread and i 'd the shit out of this, 
  and thats what happens when you get a loan with interest rates far below the market rate . 
  opportunity cost is a thing . 
   is my local banker also providing me charity when i take out a loan with interest ? 
  if it offers you waaaaaaay lower interest than any other bank then yes it does . 
  playing the nazi card is cheap move dude, 
  amazon probably helps quite a bit, 
  it 's more the people than the city, 
  so what is the problem here ? 
  that 's 2 different products , different label , different name . 
  why should they be the same ? 
  i will never understand why people keep believing und quoting sohr . 
  literally just a random dude in the uk . 
  not this crap again . 
  if the quality is lower and it costs more just stop buying it . 
  it 's that fucking simple . 
  what kind of idiot keeps buying that shit while knowing all of this ? 
  good god , ukraine is the last thing the eu needs right now, 
  and as usual south germany best germany, 
  i 'm sure you can back those claims up with sources , right ? 
  you are not thinking this through . 
  imagine you and your family are in a war zone but you only have enough money to send one person . 
  who do you send ? 
  why is it always some old fat guys, 
  good old pissrest, 
  silent water tastes like nothing . 
  its like drinking air . 
  the main `` problem '' here is that every time a german and a foreigner have a kid , the kid is counted as someone with a migration background . 
  dont fucking buy it then if its so bad ? 
  i dont think it had anything to do with non-ethnic germans . 
  i dont really see why that would offend them anyways , they are germans in germany , the german flag should be expected . 
  most germans think nothing of this incidient . 
  for most its not even an incident . 
  there are same on the far-right who might be offended by it or try to make a thing out of it , like that afd politician mentioned in the article , but overall its barely worth mentioning . 
  it makes no sense to wave it . 
  the cdu won the election , not germany . 
  its like bayern fans waving the german flag when bayern wins the bundesliga . 
   guess that germans do n't mind when someone treats the flag like that . 
  treat ? 
  its a piece of cloth , nothing more and nothing less . 
   would it be possible that she does not want to wave the flag because she hopes she will attract more non german voters that way ? 
  non-german voters do not exist . 
  you cant vote in a german election if you 're not german . 
  most likely some sort of yogurt sauce, 
  watch v4 whine about that too . 
  multi speed eu cant come fast enough, 
  the good ones will stay because they 'll earn significantly more in the west than in poland . 
  then the rest of ee needs to speak up against the v4 . 
  you will never be heard if you dont speak .
