  ah yes , some good old propaganda, 
   it is the eu 's responsibility to protect the ukraine is it tho ? 
  why are people so upset ? 
  its a gym , a private company . 
  they can serve ( or not serve in this case ) whoever they want . 
  if you dont like it , give your money to another gym . 
  yeah if anyone nukes anyone we will all be death so let 's hope that does n't happen . 
  it is painfully expensive , agree with you there . 
  ca n't agree with your other points tho . 
  i too use it every day and i rarely have to wait more than 5 min for a train/bus . 
  talking about the inner city tho , might be different further out . 
  have you been to stuttgart ? 
  public transportation gets you literally everywhere in the city . 
  wait , do you actually think that islamist terrorists are mentally stable ? 
   if it 's different , say so on the product ? 
  pretty sure it does . 
  appart from a different design i 'm pretty sure every product has to list its ingredients on the package . 
  so its there , people just have to read it . 
  which will be the next thing they 'll complain about . 
  companies wouldnt sell these products if noone likes and/or buys them . 
  people who are satisfied do not complain , so you only hear the ones who are not satisfied . 
  i doubt that . 
  germany has a shitload of regulation for exactly these scenarios . 
  for example germany , france , austria , netherlands , just to name the ones actually involved in the deal, 
   i 'm not going to vote for the lesser evil . 
  which makes you ( among others ) responsible for the greater evil . 
  good job . 
  really ? 
  i love it . 
  it tastes like 100000x better than fanta, 
  they criticised it because it doesnt benefit them . 
  how is that so hard to understand ? 
  money  everything, 
   reliable trading partner  ukraine what the hell are you smoking ? 
  rewe did ban all plastic bags a few years ago ( here in stuttgart at least ) but they still sell paper bags . 
  whats the point in banning those ? 
  thats just russian/slavic parenting . 
  my mom used to tell me i 'll get send down to hauptschule ( i attended a gymnasium ) if i keep getting c 's . 
  once you figure out that its total nonsense you just start ignoring it . 
  not even the green party is center-left in bw, 
  really ? 
  do n't forget good old orban, 
  in some fields the vast majority, 
  somehow i do n't think they 're planning on following those laws anyways, 
  meh , who cares ? 
  at the end of the day the people got what they wanted and thats all that counts . 
  the answer is somewhere in between, 
  some random woman said so yes its obviously the case for the whole country , 
  see this is what i dont understand . 
  apparently all those refugees are just young males ( or so people like you like to claim ) . 
  how are they supposed to have 3x as many children ? 
  or any children at all ? 
  who exactly is giving birth to these children ? 
  how could you possibly claim that po is worse ? 
  they had power for 8 ( 7 ? ), 
  years and somehow didnt take a dump on your constitution . 
  its been barely 2 years and pis is already halfway done with it . 
  and yet here they are being the ruling party and seizing all the power . 
  what exactly are the other 34 million people doing ? 
  i actually wonder how they handle this considering that she is german and a minor . 
  unless he is a turkish citizen he cant do shit about it anyways . 
  looks like a library, 
  no thanks, 
   pis was elected based on votes coming from less than 20 % of those eligible . 
  so how do they win the election then ? 
  i heard turnout was below 50 % , so every single idiot who decided to not vote is just as guilty as the guy who voted for pis . 
  looks fine to me, 
  `` everyone who doesnt agree with me killed my brother '', 
  since you just ignored the last part : russia does n't have to be the enemy . 
  aggression will just spawn more aggression . 
  so much for brains . 
  eu and nato are there for a reason . 
  germany has literally no obligation at all to go help ukraine . 
  same cant be said for the us or other eu nation when poland or germany for that matter gets attacked . 
  they might refuse ofc , the possibility is always there . 
  but i 'll take my chances . 
  the thing you 're not considering is , why should russia attack germany in the first place ? 
  they have nothing to gain from that . 
  trading with germany is a bazillion times more profitable than trying to annex it . 
  what does that have to do with being afraid ? 
  i dont want germans to die and thats exactly what would happen in a war with russia . 
  i do n't think he/she is talking about land size, 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  russia is not supporting them out of the goodness of their heart . 
  they get something in return . 
  i do n't think i have to tell you how high that `` price '' is . 
  now what could ukraine possibly offer that would be worth going to war with fucking russia . 
  think about it . 
  besides that , just because ukraine decides to `` side with '' the west does n't mean the west is going to fight their war for them . 
  would ukraine deploy their troops to syria and go fight for assad if he declares that he is siding with ukraine ? 
  it might be unfair . 
  but they made their decision and now they 're paying the price so to say . 
  thank you for spending money here instead of one of the bazillion other restaurants ? 
  not sure what it has to do with having balls . 
  for most countries ukraine is simply not worth starting a war and everything that comes with it . 
  cant really blame anyone for that . 
  you do realize that debt and reperations are not the same thing , right ? 
  yes , i 'm sure thats what would have happened . 
  and yet all those poor countries choose to keep the euro i wonder why . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ?
