   split germany in two separate entities . 
  you tell me , 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  its pretty likely that she will stay in power for another 4 years, 
  her main job is to take care of germany . 
  and she is doing that very well . 
  she is not the leader of the eu or whatever , she has absolutely no control over the other 27 eu nations . 
  you cant possibly expect her ( or any single person for that matter ) to fix eu problems by herself . 
  well yeah , they are called ** european ** central bank for a reason, 
  have you heard of this thing called eurozone ? 
  italy is kinda part of it, 
  c pays 19 % for the part of his income that is in bracket 2 and he pays 32 % for the part of his income that is in bracket 3 . 
  he earns a total of 250 000 pln . 
  he does not pay any taxes for 3 091 . 
  he does pay 19 % taxes for 82 437 and he pays 32 % taxes for 164 472 . 
  if you add these three numbers you get the total of 250 000 pln . 
  its fairly simple actually . 
  taking the tax brackets you posted i 'll give you 3 examples . 
  someone who earned 2 500 pln ( a ) , someone who earned 25 000 pln ( b ) and someone who earned 250 000 pln ( c ) . 
  a doesnt pay any taxes because he is still in bracket 1 . 
  b is in bracket 2 . he has to pay 19 % of 21 909 pln ( 25 000 - 3091 ) of his income . 
  c is in bracket 3 . he has to pay 19 % of 82 437 pln ( 85 528 - 3091 ) and 32 % of 164 472 pln ( 250 000 - 85 528 ) . 
  to sum it up : you basically get the first 3 091 pln tax free , then you pay 19 % until you reach 85 528 pln and from there you pay 32 % on every additional cent you earn . 
  calm your tits , robbie, 
  you are already doing that, 
  for today, 
  who knows , they havent been collected for half a century here in germany but while we 're at it , how exavtly would you collect this data anyway ? 
  lets say someone has a german mother and a croatian father . 
  what is his ethnicity then ? 
  german ? 
  croatian ? 
  both ? 
   nobody plays victim . 
  uhh . .  oooh how could we , the good polish people , possibly know ? 
  our media is never telling us the truth , that one pis election banner said they 'd make poland great again . 
  its totally not our fault !, 
  wow now you 're really scrambling lol it was * you * who called this reporter out and called him bad . 
  so you apparently know who is bad and who is good , otherwise you wouldnt make sweeping statement such as `` all polish media is not trustworthy '' , or would you ? 
  you are trying so hard to make apology after apology after apology instead of just admitting that you guys fucked up by voting pis into office . 
  playing the victim card wont get you anywhere buddy . 
   what exactly have they predicted ? 
  dare to show me ? 
  google is your best friend . 
  they have predicted undemocratic bullshit which is pretty much whats happening . 
  so dont consume western media that cites this one reporter you seem to hate so much ? 
  and you said yourself that media in poland is not trustworthy . 
  so go and read/listen to better media from other countries ? 
  i have no reason to listen to esti media since i have no problem with the german one . 
  all of this doesnt change my point . 
  a lot of people predicted this shit show . 
  where exactly did i say * polish * journalists ? 
  what kind of point are you even trying to make here ? 
  22,9 % is still 22,9 % too high . 
  what kind of excuse is that ? 
  ofc they did not straight up say that , noone would have voted for them . 
  there have been a lot of people , and i 'm not talking about some random people on the internet but journalists and such , who predicted that pis would fuck up poland if they 'd get voted in . 
  so lets not act like that is such a huuuuuge suprise that noone could have seen coming . 
  way too many of them are like that . 
  and cosidering that pis was voted in power the same can probably be said about way too many of those who ar enot on reddit too . 
  no i mean the polish people on here and the ones i know personally . 
   after 89 there was opportunity to take place in werstern part of eu . 
  the price for that was a total giveaway our goods . 
  our banks , our estates , our 40million market , our everything . 
  this right here is what pisses me off so so much about polish people . 
  you always talk about how much you had to give up but you never even mention how much more you got in return . 
  thats a recurring theme lately . 
  sometimes it seems like people want change just for the sake of change . 
  not to actually make things better , just to get away from status quo . 
  and more often than not that seems to turn into a giant shit show . 
  the ordinary people were the ones who voted pis into office . 
  ah yes , siding with terrorists . 
  ukrainian politicians never cease to amaze, 
  he 's an arabic-looking muslim , refugee , has a crime record , speaks barely any german . 
  probably didnt want to be anywhere near the scene which is pretty understandable . 
  i kinda saw that coming . 
  afaik they arrested the pakistani guy because some random bystander assumed he was the one who did it and then called the police and chased him for like 2 km before police caught him . 
  i mean its not really a secret that its significantly safer in germany than the us, 
  migrants or refugees ? 
  9 % after one year is actually not that bad considering that most of them are still learning the language . 
  i 'm too lazy to look it up but i 'd claim that the numbers werent that much higher back in the 90s with all them east-europeans after a year . 
  or they could just be drunk idiots . 
  good luck getting that money back, 
  if you are not looking for work ( you have to prove that you do on a regular basis ) you dont get benefits in germany . 
  because thats not what is going to happen . 
  some of them will become permanent citizens , but the majority will most likely not . 
   the squatters had painted their crosses on their foreheads . 
  `` hakenkreuz '' means swastika , not cross . 
  they had painted swastikas on their foreheads . 
  so you think bulgarians shouldnt be in germany ? 
   like , is there no sane candidate around ? 
  that sounds awfully close to the us election, 
  and as usual , the whole greece did nothing wrong schtick . 
  they never did , apparently, 
  yeah that study is a joke . 
  the only german city they included is frankfurt which happens to be the city with the highest crime rate in germany lol, 
  how is that `` no deal '' ? 
  crimea for a debt cut is a deal . 
  not a great one but certainly better than no deal for everyone involved . 
  yes i am serious . 
  lets be real here for a second .
