  because she might not be the chancellor anymore after the election . 
  setting goals now just to have them changed by a new chancellor/government in a few months doesnt make a lot of sense . 
  we are nazis , thats what we do, 
  no one gives a shit about facebooks rules , germany 's rule are the ones that matter here . 
  and facebook ( among others ) is not following them . 
  thats the problem here . 
  yes and now they are figuring out ways to enforce these laws on the internet . 
  how is this so hard to understand ? 
  we could call it nazi-island, 
  its not that simple . 
  you can feel like turk first or dutch first but other people can still see you differently . 
  i see that here in germany all the time . 
  2nd or 3rd generation turks , born in germany , speak fluent german , german passport and all that . 
  people still call them turks . 
  i guess names and looks have something to do with that . 
  ironically , when they go to turkey to visit family or for vacation or whatever they are called german over there . 
  hey netherlands , wan na be nazis together ? 
  i keep hearing that argument and its sounds all nice and dandy in theory . 
  but more money doesnt magically make things better . 
  you have to use it `` correctly '' do actually achieve something . 
  and the greek government proved several times already that they 're incompetent as shit . 
  so what if we stop austerity , give them more money to spend and they go ahead and waste it * again * ? 
  then you have the same shitty situation we have now with even more debt . 
  and then what ? 
  just throwing money at it wont make the problem go away . 
  did someone say anschluss ? 
  it was 8.00 h - 13.15 h and once or twice a week 14.00 h - 15.35 h here, 
  holy hell , how long do you guys over there have to stay in school every day ? 
  nice analogy , i got another one for you . 
  this one guy owes you money . 
  you know he is incompetent , doesnt know what he 's doing and cant handle money at all . 
  now what do you do ? 
  do you loan him even more money and let him do whatever he wants with it to `` make him capable of repaying the debt '' . 
  or do you tell him to cut his spending so he can slowly get your money back ? 
  considering that the greek government is as incompetent as it gets i wouldnt get my hopes up, 
   which increases tax revenues . 
  mind explaining us how you plan to get the greek people to start paying taxes ? 
  they guy you answered proposed that and you agreed with him so what is it ? 
  the victim complex is strong with this one . 
  the govt of hungary proposed that all the eu funds they are currently getting should be send to turkey instead ? 
  somehow i doubt that, 
  people , including a lot of homosexual people , just dont care enough about it . 
  the name on paper is different and adoption is more complicated but thats pretty much it . 
  and people are fine with it . 
  the majority of people is in favor of it but you 'd have a hard time finding enough people who really care enough to actually do something about it . 
  yikes , that does not look good at all for poland, 
  you retire with 67 i suppose ? 
  thats 16 years of retirement on average . 
  14 for men , 19.6 for women . 
  i live in stuttgart , yes . 
  i pay ~ 500 $ for my 35 sqm appartement which is actually fairly cheap considering its pretty much in the middle of the city . 
  another 100 $ for utility stuff like internet , phone contract , netflix , etc. , ~ 200 $ for food and ~ 50 $ for university fees and public transportation which is annoyingly expensive in stuttgart compared to most other cities/states . 
  i mean you obviously dont really get to save a lot of money or buy big stuff like a car or whatever but its still a pretty decent and comfortable life . 
  i dont have anything to back it up but i 'd argue that most of the people living below the poverty line are students and azubis and such . 
  earning 1000 or less is not that easy to accomplish , even an untrained/uneducated person ( as in no ausbildung or abitur ) working full time as a cashier earns more than that . 
  its plenty to be honest . 
  i 've been living like that for a few years now since i started university and its perfectly fine . 
  and i 'm living in one of the most expensive cities ( concerning rent ) in germany . 
  they spend more time at work is what you 're trying to say, 
  no doubt about that . 
  whats not going to continue is germanys refugee policy . 
  thats not true . 
  everyone loves koala bears and kangaroos, 
   and people still do n't see why some people think this might become a problem ? 
  might be because your `` math '' is horribly wrong . 
  first of all there was/is the whole refugee crisis because of the war in syria , a mostly muslim country . 
  that spiked the number quite a bit . 
  in addition , the fertility rate of muslims in europe is 2.1 , according [ to your own source ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/04/23/why-muslims-are-the-worlds-fastest-growing-religious-group/ ) 2.1 is the necessary rate to keep the population * stable * . 
  so why the hell would you a ) assume an exponential increase ??? 
  and b ) assume a ridiculiously significant increase at all ? 
  sounds like pure fearmongering to me . 
  damn food hipsters everywhere just eat your schnitzel however you like it . 
  with sauce , without sauce , who cares ? 
  the only thing that matters is that it tastes good, 
  right , because germany dictates how nutella is getting made in poland . 
  merkel herself is actually making the nutella for poland and puts great emphasis on spitting at least twice in every jar . 
  some people and their retarded hate for west europe , geez . 
   if every product is inferior , and there is literally no reason for the product not to be inferior , considering the production costs are lower and profit margins higher , then the people have no alternative to choose from . 
  sounds like a buttload of market shares just waiting to be grabbed . 
  which brings up two questions for me . 
  first , who gets the additional profit created here ? 
  and would products get more expensive in eastern europe if they `` improve '' ( as in get even with the western version ) the quality of the product ? 
  i feel like you should not be sorry about not liking a cult, 
  ... what were they supposed to do ? 
  let a crazy person run around with a knife ? 
  ... according to some people from each country . 
  i mean would you vote for a person named hampel ? 
  doesnt exactly scream competence, 
  only if you assume the ban is all about religion, 
  fine with me . 
  i guess rules are different . 
  in germany a zebra stripe indicates that pedestrians can cross the street at any time and cars have to wait . 
  having a traffic light at zebra stripes makes no sense . 
  [ best i can offer ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/6/5040/5834786880_fd527c6c93_b.jpg ), 
  oh god the ones with the parking cars and the lights + zebra tripes what is wrong with you people, 
   so , basically , not affording a washing machine , car , tv set and going on holiday would qualify ? 
  actually just 3 of those 4 things would already qualify . 
  die linke are the established nutjobs , everyone got used to them . 
  afd are the new nutjobs , people are still getting used to them right now . 
  yeah thats one qeak excuse .
