  there is no way in hell that russia is giving crimea back or pays them any significant amount of money ( if at all ) . 
  all the sanctions in the world wont change that . 
  so just cut the losses and move on from there . 
  ukraine still owes russia a shitload of money for all the gas they stole over the years , doesnt it ? 
  just call it even and be done with it, 
  because neither ukraine nor the west would ever allowed that, 
  i really dont understand why he is getting downvoted . 
  he is absolutely right , rebels did overthrow the elected leader ( yes he was corrupt and a bad man and yabba yabba yabba , still democratically elected with observers present etc ) and noone gave a single fuck about it . 
  but these other rebels are suddenly the worst ? 
  this is the whole `` moderate rebels '' crap in syria all over again . 
  no no , it 's not whataboutism when its against russia . 
  learn the rules dude !, 
  there are lots of germans with russian migration background in west germany ( who speak the language to some degree ) . 
  a lot of them are just not particulary vocal about it, 
  yeah the idiots are the 16 mil who didnt go to vote . 
  they have absolutely noone but themselves to blame . 
  where exactly did he/she said that its * only * the dnc/clinton ? 
  the leaks werent about trump , they were about the dnc and clinton so how about we talk about that for a second instead of changing the subject immediately every time it comes up ? 
  not sure if thats the norm , but swimming was part of the curriculum starting at grade 5 all the way to the abitur here in ba-w\u00fc, 
  are you trying to tell me that ball is not life ? 
  get out of here, 
  either that or a liberal communist . 
  are people in prison allowed to vote ? 
  poland is so fucked . 
  good job voting for pis i guess, 
  holy cow that is so stupid . 
  so apparently lots of pro athletes are actually overweight , who knew . 
  bmi is such a terrible way to measure that kind of stuff . 
  you dont even have to be particulary chubby , or chubby at all to count as obese . 
  being muscular puts you very quickly over the obese line . 
  wait so if you 're 180cm tall and 98 kg heavy you count as obese ? 
  that explains the high number . 
  you dont have to be/do anything to be christian in these graphs . 
  all you have to do is to say you are and thats it . 
  i can say i 'm vegan and then go and eat a steak . 
  am i a vegan ? 
  well i still said i am . 
  get my point yet ? 
  you can be as nonreligious as it gets and still be registered as a christian . 
  maybe you even believe that you are actually a christian while not being religious at all . 
  uhh . . no thanks . 
  you do realize that people have different definitions right ? 
  someone can say he is christian because he believes in god but never go to church or do anything christian in his life . 
  he would appear as `` christian '' on graphs like this one . 
  but by your definition , or the one found in a dictionary , he is not christian at all , right ? 
  but he is still marked as `` christian '' on the graph . 
  same goes for any other religion and/or person . 
  but they are listed as christians of various kinds on this graph . 
  get the point now ? 
  hold on a second !, 
  but / r/worldnews and / r/europe told me that my country is basically 80 % muslim arabs ??? 
  i am so confused, 
  whats sexist about ski masks ? 
  you know a burka is that thing that covers the whole head , including face and all , right ? 
  not the ones that only cover the hair . 
  oh god so many people on here will now think this is how all of germany will vote . 
  not even close . 
  afghanistan is 2nd ( 18 % ) while pakistan is 7th ( 2,1 % ) . 
  tell me about it . 
  judging from some of the comments on reddit you 'd think germany is some post-apocalyptic waste land ruled by al qaida, 
  hah , we had the same books here in germany . 
  there was also something about coco chanel , horses and pants . 
  huh ? 
  romanians , bulgarians and polish people are free to come and work in germany if they can find it . 
  nothing standing in their way . 
  the actual brexit hasnt happened yet . 
  well i 'll be damned , we have that shitty ass law as well : /, 
  i know plenty of turkish women whobare married to germans . 
  do you have anything to back up your claim ? 
  sounds made up . 
  2 years prison for destroying a stupid piece of cloth ? 
  holy cow , they have lost their mind comletely now . 
  give them a fine and let it go , you weirdos . 
  are you a top rank politician if you 're party didnt even manage to make it past the 5 % hurdle in the last election ? 
  candidate for chancellor lol, 
  pretty much what you 'd expect schulz was nothing but hot air . 
  as soon as the hype died down the spd went right back to the 25 ~ % mark, 
  you dont argue about taste my friend , 
   give that 's a weird way to spell `` sell '', 
  judging by your post you clearly do, 
  corona is legit, 
  did germany take that eastern land ? 
  because otherwise that argument is pretty irrelevant . 
  5 $ is the best i can do . 
  well that didnt last long, 
  none ? 
  that is indeed what he deserves, 
  you do realize that the vast majority of those 20 % are migrants from within the eu right ? 
  ( most of them are not even migrants per se but that 's another topic ), 
  it 's not allowed to be called feta tho . 
  pretty much what i 'd expect from such a group, 
  the us probably, 
  i highly doubt that the vast majority of germans give a single fuck about some subreddit . 
  hell , most probably dont even know reddit exists . 
  no such thing, 
  dont move to prague then ? 
  its not like czechia is one single city, 
  being close to germany helps . 
  they are part of the german supply chain . 
  malta out of nowhere,
