  everyone knew the `` rules '' before the election . 
  hold on a second . 
  might aswell be diddy kong . 
  as a clueless german , how well can you live with 400 $ / month in romania ? 
  he probably would be both . 
  just like gabriel is right now, 
   may be `` good propaganda '' there is no such thing, 
  `` schulz getting elected '' and `` eurobonds '' contradict eachother . 
   to be islam-ised what does that even mean ? 
  why would german soldiers fill that role in case of a conflict in the baltics ? 
  not going to happen anyways , no ones in germany expects that . 
  right about what ? 
  do i actually have to explain why blind hate is a bad thing ? 
  the world is not black and white , my friend . 
  dont bother . 
  way too many people on here who have some blind hate for russia . 
  last night , in his dreams, 
  more like munching street, 
  the majority of turks voted * for * him so they most certainly are part of the problem . 
  are we going to have a post every time a new poll comes out ? 
  because that happens a lot, 
  its not about liking or disliking them . 
  i 'm sure most people dont have any problem with serbs . 
  but the current eu has more than enough problems already . 
  adding another rather poor country with plenty of problems might not be the best thing right now or in the near future . 
  good old fearmongering, 
  damn right we are, 
  afd is probably the only german party they know, 
   i do n't know who that is . 
  maybe you shouldnt talk about german chancellors if you cant name more than two . 
  found the guy who has never set foot in germany . 
  ah yes , the guardian . 
  garbage as usual . 
  she 's also the best german leader since schr\u00f6der , what a coincidence, 
  awesome reasoning . 
  `` they are humans just like syrians !, 
  but their lives are more important because they happen to be a bit closer to us than the syrians . '', 
  and noone leaves them alone . 
  they can apply for asylum just like everyone else . 
  and a lot of them have , mostly in russia and poland afaik . 
  trusting them doesnt mean you want to live like them . 
  i mean i trust spain but i sure as hell dont want 18 % unemployment, 
  watch his approval rating drop below 0 if he actually does that, 
  in the case of netflix its about linceses . 
  netflix cant show something in say germany if another german broadcaster holds the license to that movie/show . 
  a funny example : netflix actually sold the license to their * own * show `` house of cards '' to sky before they established their service in germany . 
  and now whenever a new season premieres they have to wait 6 months before they are allowed to stream their own show in germany . 
  reading the article helps . 
  dude you need to seriously work on your kehrwoche game, 
  pretty sure he means 100 mph , thats ~ 160 km/h which is pretty fast to be fair . 
   one article in the ft and we start blaming each other , the eu and the euro . 
  good job guys !, 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  the very same thing has been happening here every single day for at least 2 years . 
  ausbildungen do not count as tertiary eduction which makes this map kinda eh for germany . 
  from my experience people with an ausbildung are more competent/better at their job than people with a bachelor degree ( in the same field ) . 
  eh , i 'd take insa polls with a grain of salt . 
  they are notoriously unreliable ( compared to the others at least ), 
  does that actually stop ukraine from declaring war ? 
  probably get fined to death, 
  they are not going to be banned . 
  the rest is spot on tho . 
  time for a song, 
  besides the points mentioned by cs_thor i think fighting for germany sounds very abstract to a lot of germans . 
  fight against who ? 
  defend against who ? 
  i understand that estonians for example can see a war with russia for example happening on their land but thats not something that people see happening in germany . 
  there is just no real threat anywhere near . 
  because its not a zoo or some kind of amusement park ? 
  its a fucking refugee camp , people live there . 
  thats some silly ass reasoning . 
  why would they let any random person in ? 
  it will be interesting to see if he can keep this up once people learn more about him . 
  right now he has the benefit of being a somewhat new entitiy . 
  some might say an actual alternative to merkel . 
  there is always the grand coalition, 
  not at all . 
  germany and france have a good relationship these days . 
  might be our closest ally in the eu, 
  respond with greater globalism for the sake of globalism ? 
  dont you think germany should do whats best for germany ? 
   merkel might be popular in germany , but she has an abysmal reputation everywhere else . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  germans are the ones voting for her so they are the ones she should take care of . 
  sounds like a good politician to me . 
  to be fair , its quite worrisome if a president needs more than 3 days to find a pen, 
  people on here wont like to hear it but he does have a point . 
  blindly sanctioning the fuck out of russia wont change anything . 
  it just makes it worse , everyone involved loses . 
  minks ii should be the main priority here, 
   if russia does n't implement minsk ii . 
  that requires ukraine to do their part which might be the major problem here, 
  guess its a good thing that they dont have the power to do such a thing, 
   according to this map , pakistan is at the same level than poland for example , and lebanon is way higher i am so sorry for all those who are out of excuses from now on . 
  you can all call me racist if that makes you feel better . 
  peace you really should try reading what the map actually says first buddy . 
  you forget that people can also answer `` it doesnt matter '', 
   or is this just my predjudice clouding my judgement ? 
  i 'd say so . 
  as someone else pointed out , religion might play a role here .
