`` armand bacquer survived despite being shot 14 times by the germans six days before liberation '', 
   `` we are moroccans , '' went out the cry over a portable loudspeaker . 
  `` the french killed the moroccans but they did n't kill them all ; the grandchildren of the few men left protest against the west , america and the jews . '' oh come on ... 
  sealand stronk !, 
  he has been forced to sign it . 
  he was not liked by his barons , and the deafeat of bouvines made them revolt ( as it means all the financial and military efforts he made them do were useless ) . 
  the rebels took london and made him sign it . 
  36m dead in the an lushan rebellion is also false . 
  it 's just dumb , you do n't simplify a language to make it easier for kids . 
  people learn french since centuries , why would we change now . 
  ca n't tell , england always felt it would be funnier if they paid europe to go with them . 
  step up your game finland , it 's the average day in france . 
  saw one while switching of train station in milan , looked surreal . 
  fyi penne sounds like peine , which means sorrow . 
  send an invitation to every country 2 . 
  the one that find moldova on a map and has some money to waste get to parade . 
  yeah , why ca n't neo-nazis parade in the street , it 's 2016 !, 
  long , the short distance is 6 meters, 
   `` what if we gave money to the poor ? '', 
   `` i think he 's a jew . '', 
  telling that a guy is a jew because he wants to give money, 
   krn lake almost went to that one , i was around the top of the krn , but i did n't had the time to go there . 
  feel really bad to have missed that one ; _ ; the triglav national park is really beautiful . 
  nice nature you have slovenia . 
  german efficiency . 
  if you do it correctly , there is no one to get compensations . 
  just to be clear , a part of the areas shown is fine now . 
  top left part of the last one looks like a painting . 
  http://www.cartesfrance.fr/geographie/cartes-administratives/carte-communes-francaises.html map of the  36000 french communes edit : 35 880 , because of all the reforms . 
  less than that on this map since there is only metropolitan france . 
  duolingo is shouting on me because of this rule . 
  i think we had enough articles about melenchon rising in the last polls . 
  feel free to spam between the two turns . 
  from the news i saw , a lot of americans are confused with their own system and need help to understand what they 're supposed to cross , fill and others . 
  the various news speak of holocaust denial or revisionism when she just said ( like some french presidents said ) that yes the administration helped , but that was not france . 
  not the `` real '' one . 
  so yeah , the news claim she 's a nazi because she does n't recognize the nazi-friendly-puppet-government as legitimate . 
  got ta spam the fake news, 
  that 'd be true if hitler did a coup . 
  when you cover your women like they do , you have to find another way to look at some pussy . 
   in 2002 hani ramadan was sacked from his teaching post in switzerland after writing an article in french newspaper le monde in support of the stoning of adulterers and suggesting that aids was a divine punishment . 
   six years later he won 345,000 swiss francs ( s$ 480,177 ) compensation over the sacking . 
  she was bad , but not the worst . 
   or whatever is their business model anyway it 's not against the bbc in particular , just all those articles . 
  it 's the same thing over and over , looks like the copy-pasting of a student . 
  ( it 's even worse with foreign medias that do n't know shit about the election ), 
  or make us watch ads or whatever is their business model . 
  it 's getting boring . 
  fuck off with the gazillion articles about the far right , find another subject to sell your shit . 
  she 's polling around those numbers since a long time . 
  it 's just reddit going crazy . 
  40-60 = no chance . 
  lassalle will be elected with 99.9 % at the first turn . 
  macron is claiming constantly differents things to appeal both to the right and left voters . 
  nah , they 're different . 
  but people complained about trump being a con man , how is ridiculous when he talk or that he 's a liar . 
  macron is all of this but is somehow loved because pro-eu, 
   macron is a good candidate ayyy lmao if you dislike trump for being a con man , you should hate macron . 
  she ca n't get the majority at the first turn . 
  at the second we will have one week of fear mongering everywhere which will make everyone go vote . 
  the end . 
  would have been much easier to do not so long ago when they were renovating it . 
  we would have some insane growth . . . . 
  if people watched handball . 
  surely it would have been respected like the others peace treaties . 
  his meeting was a failure in `` la r\u00e9union '' . 
  removing those annoyings anglo 200 years ahead of schedule . 
   there are riots every time algeria play football . 
  fixed . 
  it 's a building from the good ol' times . 
  come home , belgium . 
  he was at 20 not so long ago , feels bad man . 
  there are a lot of factors , but a bunch of antifa using a demonstration to break some stuff is pretty much irrelevant . 
   let me tell you about your country . 
  it 's not like they ever had a chance . 
  the netherlands were saved by the fear mongering reddit is making here . 
  she would be disappointed , not humiliated . 
  the `` big '' candidates beaten by le pen ( in the first round ) will be humiliated . 
  i heard of baroin . 
  but think about it , if the electors of the right went to le pen , she could win the second turn . 
  polls show her always behind ( against macron , where there is no other candidates for the right ) . 
  ( not that polls are perfect but that show they wo n't go behind her , not all at least ), 
  another right wing candidate would take his place . 
  crazy how that other poll showed macron ahead , and here 10 points behind . 
  / r/leagueoflegends will be leaking soon, 
  can we stop with the articles about russia and french elections ? 
  thanks , now i feel bad since i did n't see all of this when i was in udine . 
  uk wanted a lot of advantages , and did n't have the same interests as the countries on the continent . 
  funny since france prevented uk to join the eu for years . 
  his chances depend of the winner of the left 's primary . 
  valls would take him some votes . 
  which mean he would be behind le pen and fillon . 
  around -600 to around -49 . 
  `` of course they do n't do it for free '', 
  we can unite catalonia under france if you want . 
  spain might be happy to get ride of you . 
  cod wars 4 : electric boogaloo, 
  the next elections ( where people vote , not like for the senate ) are very far , and doing polls a few months after the last one is stupid imo . 
  til, 
  pretty sure we do n't choose to let them in , we just do n't know how they come back .
