  you ca n't check every person that enter the country . 
  clovis was n't a carolingian but a merovingian . 
  trump could have done the same , pointing at putin and asking the media . 
  nah , pretty much everyone would scream nazi , including many voters . 
   why do n't france do something ? 
  reddit would be the first to scream nazi if france did anything . 
  while they 're obviously scumbags , if i had to take pictures in the house of someone , especially someone rich , i 'd ask to prevent misunderstandings . 
   let 's put different colors for all parties except rem and modem so it 's looks good on the picture, 
  most of the parties were n't too far of the parity . 
  enough with this meme . 
  melenchon has collasped , that was expected for fn , you ca n't expect people to go voting when their votes wo n't matter . 
  there are already loads of polls since that scandal and it does n't show his numbers going down . 
  it does not threaten his potential majority, 
  that 's pretty much every battle on wikipedia , even with countries that did not participate . 
  if germany could say that to her coal plants . 
  endorsed by the center party , and by many people on the left and the right . 
  his party just came at the right time, 
  crashing this party ... ... with no survivors . 
  did n't know it was there on thursday , i would have gone there for sure . 
   look in ww1 , paris was saved by taxis . 
  that 's a meme . 
  yes the taxis helped bring some men , but they did not save paris . 
  but most importantly , thank you for being so incompetent that you 're an endless source of jokes . 
  from the media that probably spammed articles on how you shoud be scared, 
  yeah , but you wo n't have 30 more points of old people going to abstain like that . 
  while a few more points for the youth is more possible . 
  but they did . 
  just not so much . 
  the 66 % are not all votes because they trust the candidates . 
  if the youth did n't vote to block le pen , abstention would probably win other the two candidates . 
  just ban the independent at this point, 
  for the medias i can understand , even if i hate them for doing that . 
  but spamming articles for karma , fuck this . 
   the us voted against trump ( who won due to weird rules ) if the rules were differents , the votes would have been different . 
  maybe she would have won , maybe not . 
  reddit and fear-mongering is a love story, 
  it 's quite bad actually considering his opponent . 
   you claimed that historic members of fn were resistants . 
  you 're lying . 
   part of the historic members were resistants they were indeed resistants in the party . 
  and they were former nazis too . 
  being this angry at a fact . 
  i 'm not saying anything about the party . 
  but claiming fn is everything the resistants fought against when some resistants ( along with people you cited ) created it is ironic . 
  funny since part of the historic members ( of the fn ) were resistants . 
  we 're not the us . 
  breaking : fran\u00e7ois hollande will vote for the guy he supports since the start, 
  do you want students to overthrow you ? 
  le pen was a close second in french guiana , and in r\u00e9union . 
  and not as close but still second in mayotte . 
  macron was second in martinique . 
  as i said in the first post , they wo n't accept they 're the problems and that they 're the one making fn grows . 
  so of course you expect them to rise . 
  meh , it 's nice for her but she hoped for much more , we know since years she would be at the second turn . 
  what we expected for a long time was that she would win the first turn with a nice margin . 
  she failed on that . 
  sure , but she wo n't win . 
  i 'm getting tired of the `` what if '' . 
  i do n't think so . 
  just macron acts like an idiot, 
  erdogan cheated though . 
  le pen wo n't win . 
  people will never accept to see that the last years were a total disaster . 
  easier to scream nazi and call the other people to block them by voting for you . 
  funny since russia is the reason armenia could n't end the war . 
  when you think that m. lassalle unexpectedly got his candidature validated ( m. asselineau was a surprise too ) and end up with the most votes of the little candidates , and that m. dupont-aignan was probably pressured to withdraw , the outcomes could really have be differents . 
  around 20 % of women , 24 % of men . 
  more than 50 % of police and military voted for her party in 2015 . 
  i did n't see any numbers for this election . 
  the big police syndicate/union called to vote macron to block marine . 
  ok mate , ca n't stenchon the melenchon right, 
  nah , recently maybe , i try to show them the truth , but they keep believing she can win . 
  you 'll have propaganda for two weeks , it already started on / r/france . 
  `` if you do n't think of voting because the others will do it you 're literally hitler '', 
  you get expenses reimbursed with less than 5 % , but ten times less . 
  he will save a few hundred thousands with this score . 
  pepper your angus mate, 
  just force them to learn polish , they will leave . 
  so what , take another one . 
  france will take rhineland with minimal casualties in your lifetime . 
  take your share poland . 
  sure it will affect the election , but in an irrelevant way and not  dramatically, 
   paris ( cnn ) a deadly attack on a police bus in the heart of paris has dramatically changed the course of the french presidential election campaign . 
  fuck off cnn . 
  you know nothing . 
  what a non-story . 
  they try to take this region by force . 
  even if karabakh is their territory de jure , they were still trying to take it by force . 
  who cares if he says liberate or take , that 's not worth a news story . 
  i do n't deny it but as i said . 
   websites make news on everything news do n't make something relevant . 
  this is a non-story . 
   huffingtonpost anyway websites make news on everything . 
  they are reimbursed even with less than 5 % . 
  but ten times less, 
  incompetent government, 
  who cares ? 
  there are a lot of polls and they tend to show the no win . 
  it really depends of the political affiliation . 
  do someone has a link of when they 're in france ?
