  i ca n't believe it , get of the stage ! '', 
  you do n't just leave a demonstration because one of the speakers said one stupid thing . 
  you attend to support a cause , not because you agree with every word that is being said . 
  it 's like friends will help each other out in tough times and motivate each other and best friends call each other dickhead . 
  that would actually depend on which side he was on at the time of being shot and which year we had . 
   the refugees here are fleeing from such idiots . 
   the persons there are not integrated yet , thry just arrived . 
  what is it now ? 
  are they fleeing from the idiots or are they themselves the idiots ? 
  please , name one politician that is not a populist . 
  i would say yes . 
  what now ? 
  we do not know . 
  what we do know however is that this * is * a new phenomenon and , as always with rape and sexual assault , the dark figures are most likely much higher than we could imagine . 
  another important aspect that is new now is that of marital rape being un ( der ) reported due to it being part of the culture whence the victim and perpetrator came . 
  ( new as in , much more prevalent ), 
  that 's interesting because wikipedia themselves seem to disagree with you . 
  translation : `` the reason for the girls ' silence : the perpetrators are most likely refugees . 
  `` we do not want to see any discrimination against refugees , we do not want to make any blanket accusations or fuel any ill will . 
  '' , said the girl ( anna ) . 
  her political correctness paralysed her . 
  they will just find a new place to worship , pilgrim to some different place and annoy the people there . 
  i do n't understand why even today so many people do not understand that cutting of one branch of a tree wo n't unroot it . 
  the people and their ideas will persist , they wo n't just vanish out of existence . 
  this changes nothing . 
  it 's an idiotic and shortsighted act . 
  it 's not just about the people who come here , but about their children and future generations . 
  native europeans ' children are already outnumbered in many regions and that will only increase in the future . 
  and not just that , but considering that over 70 % of all migrants are adult men , women will soon be outnumbered again as well . 
  there are two massive demographic shifts we can look forwards to in europe 's future . 
  natives will continue to be replaced . 
  men will soon represent a not minor majority of european 's countries and the best part about all of this is that it 's not even the fault of immigrants themselves , but that of social politics driving more and more native europeans towards the decision if they can even support a child , let alone two . 
  because the massive strain the social system puts on taxpayers leaves many families without a choice but to work their asses of without having a chance to copulate . 
  all the while migrant families have the man working whatever he can , the woman staying at home with the children ( 3 + ) and the state paying them whatever they need . 
  you might blame this on europeans ' high standards of living , but the end result is the same . 
  european families will continue to be replaced bit by bit and do n't act like it 's not happening already by citing `` 1 % '' and ignoring that in a decade at most , native german children will already be outnumbered by migrants ' children . 
  diversity of course . 
  do n't you see ? 
  who needs hundreds of different european cultures when none of them have a dark enough skin to be able to call ourselves truly `` diverse '' . 
  `` multiculturalism '' ahoy . 
  i 'd rather have a neighbor who wants to kill themself , than a neighbor who wants to kill me . 
  i like the `` science is my rifle . 
  intellect is my blade . '', 
  but he still has both of these objects in his hand . 
  what does that say about his intellect and scientific knowledge i wonder ? 
  you honestly believe that because one , i repeat one , person said that the austrian media is `` free and critical '' , the rest of austria does n't know about the underlying corruption that is present in parts of the media or that they believe everything that is presented to them ? 
  i mean , our biggest national tv station is pretty much owned by a political party . 
  people know this . 
  the word `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' does n't only exist in germany . 
  people know that they ca n't trust everything reported by the media to be 100 % accurate . 
  but one such incident , or even more , do not equate turkish and austrian media in the slightest and you know that as well . 
  you know the difference between past and present , correct ? 
  disregarding your faulty argument of `` i beat you up therefor your opinion is wrong '' , the right wing in austria is n't about killing jews . 
  it 's about stopping mass immigration and putting a country 's citizens ' concerns and troubles before those of others . 
  ( main points at the moment , others are just often ignored because it does n't generate as much conversation ) of course there are a whole bunch of other issues which the right treats incredibly unreasonable ( see equal rights for minorities especially concerning marriage and adoption etc. 
  ) , but if other political parties do n't start treating the issues of their own citizens with more or rather primary importance , the right will continue growing in size no matter how often someone calls them or anyone who votes for them `` nazi '' . 
  there is no middle ground at the moment , so the people who are concerned about immigration will flock to the right no matter what . 
  telling them that they are wrong , stupid and racist wo n't change their mind , no matter how violent you are about it . 
  you would n't make up the arguments for other people if you actually had any yourself . 
  what speaks against security checks based on ethnicity/race/whatever makes sense other than `` discrimination '' , if the result is more safety/preventation of crime ? 
  i 'm not going to care about an 80 year old grandmother when it comes to crime . 
  racial profiling works because it 's built upon statistics and common sense , the only thing that keeps us away from it is `` discrimination '' . 
  when will human lifes finally be more important than the feelings of individuals for people like you ? 
  how many more human beings need to die until you realise that this is not a problem generated by the general population , but by a very specific subset thereof ? 
  and this very specific subset needs to be addressed , and not ignored trying to paint with a broad brush as though the issue lied somewhere else entirely . 
  the word you are looking for is `` millennium/millennia '' ( 1000 years ) . 
  a century is 100 years long . 
  you might 've mixed up the numbers there a little . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_germany#islam  total : 2.1 to 4 million ( 2.6 to 5 % ), 
  tell haes about it , i 'm sure they will happily agree with you ... 
  yes because a made up slogan by some random guy on the internet shows us the reality of a situation quite clearly , right ? 
   apparently , not enough people share that opinion to erase those laws . 
  where did you get that information from ? 
  is every law in effect supported by the majority of a people ? 
  nobody is talking about countries yet . 
  the talk is about cities , communities , etc. 
  smaller circles like birmingham where islam is already in the majority and where muslim fundamentalists are calling for a reformation in education ( behind everyone 's back ) to further their own agenda and let their teachings live on through easily exploitable children . 
   mexican takeover of the us `` mexicanism '' or whatever you want to call it , is not an ideolgy but a nationality . 
   not all muslims are radical and i did not say nor imply any such thing . 
  but it only takes a few radicals to change the landscape of a country in it 's future . 
  do you believe the majority of germans were nazis during the second world war ? 
  or that the majority of soviets were stalinists ? 
  isis represents a tiny minority of muslims not only world-wide but in the middle east as well , but they are still doing what they are doing . 
  now think about similar people ( in thought , not through actions ) being able to control what happens to regular muslims if they misbehave or what is taught to their children in schools , kindergardens , etc. 
  you 've read about this no ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_trojan_horse extreminst muslims neither lack the people nor the power to achieve their goals , even if , for now , it 's only on a smaller scale . 
  especially when it 's so easy as spreading their message and raising their numbers . 
  why some people simply accept this now but throw such a hissy fit over christianity ( i do to ) is beyond me . 
  when secularism should not only be a principle but a foundation of europe , extremists should n't be allowed to spread their message through education ; no matter what or who those people are . 
   for an ideology to take over , it has to be more appealing and promise a better society than currently stands . 
  no , for an ideology like islam to take over it needs a majority in population . 
  which is becoming reality in many parts of europe . 
  just because politicians are currently at least trying to fight of a rise of religious extremism ( at leasts when it 's happening right in front of their face and pointed out ten times ) does n't mean that there do not already exist multiple communities of various sizes where islam is not only the religion of choice but the law . 
  and since religion is a belief system not based on facts or reality , the people who support it 's rise will not care about eventual backsteps concerning current standards as they believe that their own values overshadow them and that the replacement of current standards with their own will overall contribute to a `` better '' or more righteous world ( you know , whatever extremists tell themselves ) . 
  `` ahh , mozart and hitler . '', 
  it 's ridiculous that the native population of a country , which is already not able to reproduce as fast as they die , now has to pay even more to support someone else entirely , who just so happens to have entered their country a few weeks/months ago . 
  in an attempt to save europe 's and their own problem with their birth rate , germany is putting an even bigger financial burden on their own citizens just so they can support more illegals . 
  we already see many european families simply not being able to support two or even one children because they have to make sure that their career is stable , unless they want to fall into the underclass . 
  good job giving even less reason or actual opportunity for natives to have children . 
  children , a luxury for natives and the holy grail for everyone else .
