  that includes rape , attempted rape + assault , assault with a weapon . 
  also , strangers only . 
  no friends getting angry at each other , no family members , etc. 
   for instance , if you get fired from your job for going to a kkk rally that 's not an infringement upon your free speech . 
  there needs to be a discussion then about * what * you are fired for in this case . 
  is it simply your attendence ? 
  is it because of your views/beliefs ? 
  and if we are talking about the latter , we walk dangerously close to `` i do n't like the way you think , therefor i am allowed to fire you . '', 
  think about sexuality , religion , in this case , or even other political beliefs , not as extreme as being aligned to the kkk . 
  there need to be explicit laws for such problems or people will always find legal loopholes . 
  and drawing up exceptions for specific cases ( sexuality , religion ) or laws for specific cases ( only certain political ideologies ) does n't seem like a good solution , and does not differ from other kinds of oppression in any way . 
  murders by ideologies in the 20th century : facism : 28 mil communism : 94 mil tell me again why i should prefer either or in this case , they are both unacceptable . 
  and your definition of `` far left '' is missing out so many components it 's hilariously dishonest . 
  there is no constructive discussion to be had when one side 's opinion on it is literally `` when my feelings are hurt/i believe someone else 's feelings are hurt , you should n't be allowed to say x. '', 
  it 's a clear cut case of free speech being more important than one person 's inconvenience and there do not need to be any arguments presented to support this . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  period . 
  should 've tried all . 
  well , it 's being countered right now by politicians importing a lot of new people into europe who do not have any of our social norms , where women still stay at home to look after their children and where 3-4 children are the average . 
  immigration is not only a problem immigrants face . 
  i know your open borders head wo n't get it but a country only has limited resources and a country should prioritise it 's own citizens , not those of other countries . 
  so no , it did n't solve `` nothing '' , it solved a hell of a lot of problems or made them more bearable . 
  in war , people die and you can not save everyone by just taking them in and keeping them alive until the war is over . 
  there are limits and when those limits are reached , you solve the problems you face by not overstepping your boundries . 
  closing borders to `` solve '' immigration is like `` solving '' financial difficulties by not spending as much money . 
  stop seeing europe as an open area for everyone to be save in but as multiple companies which can not spend all their money and resources on one issue . 
  also , the crime . 
  for the people who want to cross said borders ? 
  nothing . 
  for the countries which are behind those borders ? 
  money issues , problems with missing resources ( personnel ) , additional crime to name a few . 
  of course those problems have n't been `` solved '' entirely , but they are less of a problem with less people needing support in said countries . 
  muslim population in france is 10 % . 
  muslim population amongst the french youth is 25 % . 
  according to this [ source ] ( http://www.acton.org/pub/commentary/2006/01/25/catholic-alternative-europes-social-model ) 1 in 3 children in france are born to muslim parents . 
  ( although that source is probably biased since it 's christian ) make of these numbers what you will . 
  i 'd say the same , less place for those who do n't need it is more efficient after all . 
   the age of consent in spain is 16 , under a new law which came into effect on 1 july 2015 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ages_of_consent_in_europe#spain, 
  not very german of you . 
   religion ( islam ) that promises them punishment and  people will look at you funny ah yes , truly the same . 
  did they say any of that ? 
  they just used the same rhetoric as the person they responded to by doubting the `` refugees '' in the title , as the person before them doubted the `` activists '' in the title . 
  horrible analogy . 
  people in the us are n't converted to christian extremism by other people during their teens . 
  christianity has deep roots in the usa whereas islamism is barely a part of europe . 
  ( at least that was the case not long ago ) of course the problem might never be solved entirely this easily , but more widespread information about the dangers of islamic extremism would do wonders . 
  in the end , it is hate speech and it should be treated as such and not ignored or swept under the rug . 
  who committed the crimes ? 
  there 's your answer . 
  you can believe what you want , i do n't really care since i 'm not religious , but christianity is still clearly a major part of europe and our politics . 
  you do know that merkel is the leader of the `` christian democratic union of germany '' right ? 
  that 's because it 's never the moderate who have a strong desire to voice their opinion about political issues . 
  they only want to hear about it . 
  the ones who go out of their way to raise their voice are usually the ones who have stronger beliefs about such topics . 
  meaning , leftist or right extremists . 
  when the media starts to become one of those , the other will find a way to voice their opinion elsewhere . 
  as can be seen in sweden , the media tries their best to hide immigrant issues because it goes against their own leftist extremist views , so the political right will try to find new ways to share the information which is withheld . 
  with that , of course , comes a strong bias . 
  a good suggestion for that , at least for me it is , is to ignore the personal bias and rely on valid and factual information alone . 
  did something similar happen last year ? 
  even in a smaller scale , say 1:10 ? 
  were there any reports of 100 men sexually assaulting and robbing women in nye 2014/15 ? 
   they are here for humanitarian reasons only . 
  but you do know what gregor gysi said about refugees right ? 
  not everyone shares that sentiment so you ca n't really make a clear statement about it . 
  i just quoted something a leftist german politician said , no need to debate me on it . 
  it does n't represent my views . 
  not as obvious ? 
  a german politician straight up said `` we need refugees because our native population does n't produce enough children . 
  our economy needs refugees . '', 
  or something along those lines . 
  it is straight up all about money . 
   send those back to austria that ... 
  please do n't . 
  how about we solve our issues instead of dumping them onto others ? 
  what is there to understand ? 
  before : * men outnumber women * `` we have to do something ! '', 
  now : * women outnumber men * `` perfect . '', 
  i think most people were hoping for equal treatment , but maybe that 's sexist . 
   even though neither country has armed syrian rebels you actually believe this ? 
  the greens are the worst choice for anyone who actually has a brain and does n't blindly follow exaggerated leftist populist media . 
  but let 's face it , there is no real political party in this world that actually holds values which represent a normal thinking human being . 
  it is and always has been about minimising the damage that could be done . 
  under [ submitting to / r/europe ] when submitting a link or post , just add as a third bullet point * please add sources for your submitted image ( s ) in the comment section of your post . 
  , or something like that . 
  maybe that will take some work off your back . 
   safety does n't mean a roof over your head , food in your belly , education for your kids or medical treatment for grandpa . 
  billions of people in this world do n't have any of those . 
  are they free to move to germany now ? 
  the refugees we are talking about had to flee because of a war . 
  they reached safe countries but they did n't stop moving , because they wanted more . 
  there is a reason why asylum laws exist , it 's so that not every idiot from whichever country in this world can move from his fucked up country to some better place because he wants that free wellfare money and housing . 
  syrian refugees gave up their right of being war refugees as soon as they arrived in europe . 
  now they are economic migrants . 
  let me explain how the human brain works in such situations : speaker : [ stupid bullshit ] a : `` what the hell is he talking about ? 
  did he really just say that ? '', 
  maybe just listen a little more , he could eventually say something that 's not as stupid . '', 
  ... speaker : [ more stupid bullshit ] b : `` nope . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  a : `` yeah .
