let me ask you a simple question : do you think that your opinion is always reasonable to everyone else ? 
  so what ? 
  i 'm glad . 
  most refugees who come to austria want to immediately travel towards germany after one or two days to recover . 
  if germany wants to handle all those refugees , let them . 
  so just like all the others ? 
  how do you go about traveling to the us ? 
  you have to take a plane , which costs a lot of money . 
  how do you travel to europe ? 
  you pay some money to a guy who packs his truck with 50 others and smuggles you over the borders . 
  or you get penned up in a ship with hundreds of other refugees who also want to come to europe . 
  the muslims in the us are moderate muslims because they are educated and part of the middle class . 
  the muslims who can travel to europe do n't have to be either of those . 
  the muslims who live in the us did n't come because they fled war , they came for purely economic reasons on their own accords , with their family , to find a job , to send their children to school . 
  the muslims who come to europe leave their countries because they have to or because they know that they will get paid a lot of money by the german government even if they do nothing . 
   luckily there are statistics for that kind of thing . 
  and more importantly , there are studies , interpreting those statistics for you . 
  so where is the problem then ? 
  reporting on the gender , race , ethnicy of a perpetrator is not useless because it 's part of a statistic anyways . 
  sure the article itself will not be part of the statistic , but the police report will . 
  i also do n't think that someone 's race should be protected by the media . 
  what reason would there be for that ? 
  do you think it 's smart to hide facts from the public just because they might cause minor xenophobic reactions ? 
  at the end of the day , there are enough statistics which support the claim that muslims have a higher probability for execution of sexual assault so i do n't understand why it should n't be mentioned . 
  a lot of individual cases make up a fair number of cases . 
  if no individual cases are reported , how are we to know that those individual cases happen a lot more often than others ? 
  if we leave out the fact that the sexual perpetrator in this case is from pakistan , and leave out this fact everytime there is a news story about rape , how could we even know that there is a problem with sexual assaults from pakistani immigrants ? 
  how can we find a solution for something if we never even knew that the problem existed in the first place ? 
  the race/ethnicy/background of a person might not matter to an individual case , but it does to all cases , because only then we can see paterns which we can work on to improve our lifes and society as a whole . 
  economy , pensionable age and immigrants . 
  the austrian economy has n't grown for years now , it is pretty stable so it 's not that big of a deal but it 's hard for companies to take in more workers if they do not make more money . 
  the pension age in austria , just like any other country , has risen dramatically over the last decades . 
  the result is that a lot of 50-60 year olds still occupy professions which should be given to the younger population . 
  higher age for pension means higher youth unemployment rate . 
  over 20 % of all foreigners in austria have no occupation . 
  with more and more immigrants coming to austria , they also raise the unemployment rate . 
  i heard a whole lot about german camps as well , but that might be outdated now . 
  a german commiting a crime in germany is normal . 
  the justice system will deal with them accordingly and they will be thrown into jail if need be . 
  a libyan commiting a crime in germany is n't normal , it is abnormal . 
  a divergence from normality , which , if the rate for such a divergence is high enough , can cause a questionable attitude amongst the general populace . 
  and the rate of crime commited by foreigners/immigrants is way higher than the rate of crime commited by natives . 
  that 's why you do not read what the wikipedia article says but instead click on the links which provide a source for the claim that is being made . 
  you 're taking this way to serious . 
  illegal immigrants are not citizens of the country which they illegally immigrated . 
  ca n't pinpoint when the talk about the immigration problem started but i know why that talk exists right now . 
  because people do n't like to move and traffickers do n't like to move people during winter . 
  of course numbers decrease inbetween q4 and q1 . 
  wait for statistics about q2-q4 of 2015 and you will realise that `` asylum seekers '' have multipled tenfold between 2014 and 2015 . 
  2014 q1 22.038 2015 q1 62.385 am i missing something or do you not understand how numbers work ? 
  i wonder what changed that ? 
  maybe the hundreds of thousands of immigrants storming into europe right now ? 
  i am not supporting what the guy said but your analogy does n't work . 
   all feminists are just people who hate men  all men fedora-wearing mras you could 've used  all mras are just people who hate women that would 've been a correct analogy . 
  now that sounds like my kind of fence . 
  napoleon was exiled twice , you seem to be missing something . 
  elba and saint helena . 
  lose the war and get exiled , maybe even twice . 
   and the problem with your statement is people are n't `` hating a single person '' for their actions , they are hating a whole group because of that single persons actions . 
  remember how you were the one who brought the whole group of muslims into this discussion ? 
  and when you were called out on your strawman argument you called people racist . 
  listen , i do not want to create excuses for the iraq war , i think it was a slaughter , not a war . 
  but the country was at war and it does n't matter if every citizen is informed of the consequences for it to be a `` war '' . 
  the problem i see here is that you constantly try to make excuses for terroristic acts because `` others do n't do it '' , which is honestly just stupid . 
  and if it were only one single person , that person still can not be ignored or their actions invalidated . 
  that does n't make the whole religion or culture or whatever responsible for the actions of this person , it 's only this single person that has to be prosecuted and there is nothing wrong with hating this single person for their actions and it does n't make anyone racist , if they hate a terrorist , simply because the terrorist is n't white . 
  ** two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  that 's the sad reality of war nowadays . 
  the people who were attacked still knew that they were at war though . 
  terrorism involves person a to be weaponed and person b not to know that they are a target . 
   what 's the difference ? 
  what 's the difference between war and terrorism ? 
  is this sarcastic ? 
  in case it is n't , and this applies only to this particular circumstance when we talk about murder ; war : a tries to kill b and b tries to kill a mostly for political , economic , religious or ideological reasons . 
  terrorism : a tries to kill b for political , economic , religious or ideological reasons . 
   that 's complete and utter bullshit  no it is n't , 
   tell me when the amount of ` violent ' ones becomes even relevant . 
  they have become relevant millennia ago . 
  violent people have always been relevant , no matter what culture or religion they were a part of . 
   just going from basic casualty numbers a lone it 's not even comparable . 
  are we talking about wars or acts of terrorism ? 
   people try to pretend like it 's only islam and it 's quite pathetic . 
  i 've never seen that happen before . 
  maybe you just know the wrong kinds of people ? 
   probably has the lowest percentage of ` violent ' individuals yeah , i 'm not so sure about that but if you have some sources for your claims , that would be nice . 
   the actions of ` islamic ' groups/countries , pales in comparison to the amount of violence caused by the us you sure the is as well as numerous other terroristic organisations do n't want a word in that ? 
  listen , i do not believe that islam is a violent religion but it is undeniable that there are certain parts of it which are in every way . 
  not liking those parts of the religion or culture is just as valid and logical as hating certain parts of western society for their violent behaviour . 
  there is a reason for that . 
  it 's a baseless question . 
  but since you persist , no it is not fine to hate a single group for their violence , if you do not hate other groups for the exact same reason . 
  but that is why i said , there are different variations of violence . 
  the level and kind of violence that can make you hate a group might not be realised by other violent groups . 
  just to make something clear here , i do not hate groups , i have a distaste for certain individuals . 
  notice how you are the only one using the word `` hate '' in this discussion ? 
  there are also different variations of violence . 
  i do not . 
  violence is no logical reason for distaste ? 
  please do that . 
  last three days , crimes of equal calibre to those shown in the comment you replied to .
