here 's a violent attack by a `` remainer '' : https://m.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/57hpdn/brexiter_brutally_beaten_by_remain_voter_dies/ as in most cases , there are violent people and idiots on both sides . 
  the difference is however that in malta english is an official language alongside maltese , and most of post-secondary ( sometimes post primary too ) education is conducted in english . 
  there are plenty of family links too , from my experience many maltese have a british grandfather/great-grandfather so that adds a personal link too . 
  i have n't encountered any people who are unable to speak fluent english honestly , with the exception of an elderly couple on the sister island of gozo . 
  some very positive changes happening in malta recently . 
  very glad to hear this , as i believe your country has great potential for the future as the new , highly educated and liberal generation starts to take over . 
  prosit !, 
  & nbsp ; edit : aside from the gentleman below who seems to have a troubled mind , i hope no one felt i was being patronising towards malta . 
  the country is very dear to my heart as i have many links to it , and i am merely happy to see it succeed . 
  i know many of my friends there were upset about the ever-prevalent influence of the catholic church on the island which they felt strongly clashed with their more socially-liberal views . 
  i think it 's more to do with the fact that everyone there owns a car or two . 
  and they love using them , no matter what it 's for . 
  honestly , some people go down the road to pick up bread in their cars . 
  oh , and they also decided to include some of our less-than-healthy foods in their cuisine , such as pies . 
  funnily enough you just made malta relevant by giving it a category of its own instead of including them under `` southern europeans '' . 
  what a load of crap . 
  malta is amazingly green and pretty in winter , spring and autumns . 
  are you perhaps a tourist that only ever visited in the peak of the summer ? 
  the bay of naples area looks very lit up . 
  also love the little malta like a beacon off the coast of sicily . 
  please do , it 's a desolate , sorrowful place ... 
  i suppose the 56 % in malta are people who speak it very fluently , because based on my experience nearly everyone can speak it enough to hold a conversation ... 
  likewise , i commute from sw london into central and always take the tube . 
  most of my colleagues take the train/tube also , i only know of two who drive in ( which is madness , it 's the very centre of london ) . 
  i 'm surprised london is that far down the list , though i suppose this is due to the well developed public transport . 
  other schemes such as boris bikes etc probably had an effect too . 
  no they have n't , hardly anyone ever mentioned the poles . 
  romanians took the brunt of it , with bulgarians being a close second . 
  when most people in the u.k. talk about `` those eastern europeans stealing stuff '' they usually mean romanians . 
  * cough * malta * cough *, 
  interesting , reminds me of a similar sculpture found in malta near the 5000 year old temples : http://popular-archaeology.com/issue/april-2011/article/of-temples-and-goddesses-in-malta, 
  do you know how much strain the nhs and elder care systems are under ? 
  you are utterly deluded , we have no resources to take care of all these people , especially if it means that european staff will be sent back home . 
  not every pensioner is wealthy enough to live on their own either . 
  anyone who has sold off their property in the south east to move to `` sunny spain '' will find that they are no longer able to afford anything of the sort , and will now face living in a country with a far harsher climate and high heating bills . 
  have you never heard of the elderly dying due to being unable to heat their homes properly ? 
  i agree with that , in terms of abortion laws malta still lags behind the rest of western europe , or even europe in general . 
  at the moment , most women choose to go to either sicily or the uk ( depending on how well off they are ) . 
  with the recent changes in morning after pill usage etc abortion laws will come next , hopefully . 
  from my experience of living there , the laws certainly do not represent the opinions of the majority of people in malta . 
  malta is nowhere near as conservative as poland or the vast majority of eastern europe for that matter . 
  the bottom line is that despite all the downsides that london has ( of which there are , admittedly , quite a few ) there is no other city or town in the uk that can compete with it . 
  provincial towns in the uk are a joke and mostly desolate places . 
  i know because i 've lived in one for a while . 
  other than generic shops , shitty overpriced chain restaurants and bands of unemployed locals , they have absolutely nothing going for them . 
  as for the other `` cities '' , places like leeds or manchester are still nowhere near the level of london in terms of employment prospects , culture or entertainment . 
  bristol is becoming a very attractive place to be , however it starting to face the same problems as london as prices begin to rise and people turn to commuting . 
  the transport links make a huge difference . 
  canning town has the jubilee line which tends to be reasonably fast and reliable , but most importantly links directly to canary wharf ( financial hub + the dlr links to chancery lane which is the legal hub ) . 
  it 's next to an raf base ( raf northolt ) . 
  it 's just a byproduct of their close `` family ties '' . 
  looks like a magical place , i 've only been to italy once and veneto seems like a region i 'd certainly enjoy seeing . 
  that 's probably because most people living in northern ireland are from northern ireland . 
  i do n't know a single person who would willingly move there . 
  he 's not clueless , he knows very well what he 's doing . 
  his buffoon `` fuck the eu '' image plays perfectly with a certain demographic here in the uk , but if you delve into his biography you 'll see he 's a very ambitious , sly man with slight sociopath tendencies . 
  it 's the same as farage going into the eu parliament and making fun of the politicians there . 
  they think it 's all a show , and their egos feed on that moment in the spotlight . 
  just came back from yet another holiday 2 weeks ago . 
  i 've been returning to malta nearly every years , for the last couple of years . 
  it 's incredible how such a small island can fit so much history and culture . 
  i thought i would have seen pretty much everything by now , however there has n't been a year where i have not ended up discovering a new archaeological site ( often out of tourist and local sight and predominantly unused ) or a beautiful landmark . 
  despite it 's downsides - as with all countries big or small - i think maltese people should be proud of their little country , it is a truly unique place in the world . 
  i suspect the uk is an exception to this . 
  philosophy and history degrees are very highly regarded by some top employers ( banks , law firms , accountancies , the civil service etc ) . 
  of course where you graduate from matters just as much . 
  a philosophy degree from a non russell group university would n't be quite as well regarded and would not necesssrily guarantee a well paid career . 
  perhaps i am not fully aware of the extent of damage and nuisance caused , i do not really hang out with the type of people in question . 
  however i 'm sure you can see the irony behind your statement , you accuse them of falling for the `` easy women '' meme whilst simultaneously yourself falling for the `` good , hardworking eastern european worker '' . 
  there are plenty of bad apples here , living in absolutely terrifying squalid conditions , acting aggressively and engaging in crime . 
  i 've got some friends living in essex , in their area crime has risen considerably due to the recent migration of poor romanians from east london . 
  of course let 's not forget the law lecturer who just 2 years ago ( i believe , correct me if i 'm wrong ) was beaten horrendously by some hard working polish lads . 
  yes , there is disgusting scum visiting your countries and acting like animals , however there are also thousands of similarly minded migrants here . 
  in an idea world we could all respect one another and act courteously , and perhaps those working class eastern europeans might even make an effort or two to learn the language and actually try to integrate . 
  until then , perhaps brexit might get at least one thing right and we can equally limit our exposure to these problems - and yes , that 's sarcasm . 
  oh and fyi , those aggressive car drivers are also present here ( we call them boy racers and everyone hates them ) , however overall i 've never had as many people breaking the rules and generally being unable to drive well as i saw in poland , maybe with the exception of italy . 
  ca n't comment on hungary as i 've never had the pleasure of driving through your beautiful country , though hopefully that 'll change one day . 
  you 're either wrong , which makes sense as this thread is upbeat with emotions and general teenage angst ( and i really do mean the moronic statements on both sides ) , or you 're right in which case it makes those people equally disappointing and worthless to the aforementioned `` chavs '' . 
  why does it seem ( for you ) to be a source of pride that people from eastern europe only come here for money and not because they enjoy the culture of this country , or indeed not to attempt to assimilate , in a thread about brits disrespecting the culture of an eastern european country ? 
  not that i 'm particularly interested in either side of this `` debate '' , but the genetic impact of viking and roman invasions was rather minuscule . 
  also , the queen is not `` german '' , the royal family may have stemmed from a german branch however there is n't really a royal family in europe that can be called a particular ethnic group as they all interbred with one another . 
  that 's not to mention that the royal family actually put the effort in to change their name in order to appear less german , why would they be ashamed of their descent if they considered themselves to be of german stock ? 
  lastly , britain 's concept of nationality is n't really based on ethnicity , unlike many european countries which still tend to hold the archaic view of ethnic nationalism . 
   pants i 'd strongly recommend wearing those regardless of the weather outside . 
  free movement of people, 
  i do n't think it 's just to do with working hours , but commuting too ( e.g. 
  home counties to london can eat up as much as 3hrs per day on commuting alone ) . 
  however i have to say that from personal observations there is a massive difference between social classes with the middle class more likely to keep in shape and be generally more aware of health risks . 
  also seems to be linked to levels of drinking and smoking . 
  this is probably as much to do with income and time ( working class people are more likely work irregular shifts and earn little for it ) as well as general awareness and apathy . 
  where on earth did you get these figures from ? 
  actual tax rates : personal allowance up to # 11,500 0 % basic rate # 11,501 to # 45,000 20 % higher rate # 45,001 to # 150,000 40 % additional rate over # 150,000 45 %, 
  are you saying all muslims share the same culture ? 
  well that is incredibly ignorant considering it 's a vast , diverse religious grouping . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a difference between the ` native ' polish tatars and somali muslims . 
  have you ever visited malta ? 
  i recommend you do , if you 'd like to get an idea of what happens when you let an unprecedented number of `` refugees '' in . 
  go to marsa and see them defecating in the street and the pond , staring the local elderly down aggressively and arguing loudly in their languages . 
  i suspect boris is a silent remainer too , though it 's always hard to decipher what he really thinks . 
  i 've worked with jo and can say he 's a very academic and pleasant person , personality wise completely the opposite of boris ' extroverted comedian-like approach .
