  only about 30-35 % are arabic . 
  right , but in this case we have no evidence that proves whether they do or do not speak english at a native level . 
  if they moved to the uk at a young age , they might very well speak english as a first language . 
  so a naturalised person can never be truly british according to you ? 
  i ca n't speak for the men in the above article , however are you trying to claim that a person who was , say , 10 years old when they came to the uk can never be british and should instead be treated the exact same as their parents - despite being schooled here , having grown up here and spending the vast majority of their life in here ? 
  would you care to clarify who would be accepted as a briton then ? 
  essentially many maltese have given up on malta 's team qualifying for anything anyway . 
  i think many would love for malta to qualify , but no-one ever seriously thinks they will . 
  but yes , essentially if italy wins you will see people driving with italian flags ( forza italia is a very common phrase ) honking and shouting , and vice versa with the english team . 
  possibly not as short as you 'd have hoped , but i feel like anything less would n't quite do it justice . 
  5200 bc - cave people arrive from sicily . 
  to hunt ( not sure what ) and fish . 
  3600 bc - some of the oldest structures in europe - the temples - are built . 
  the are so huge , that people theorised they might have been built by giants . 
  the temple people used them for some sacred rituals . 
  the maltese , until fairly recently , used them as a playground . 
  7th century bc till 9th ad - the island is invaded and settled by : phoenicians , romans , vandals and byzantines . 
  those ancient cultures leave a beautiful imprint on the maltese islands , with wonderful architecture , a relatively prosperous society and new settlements . 
  then , the muslims invade from north africa and kill everyone . 
  during this time , st. paul also supposedly arrived on the island and thus first christians appeared in malta 870ad-1091ad - the arabs rule malta . 
  eventually , the muslims are conquered by the normans . 
  arab influence from the time results in a number of new towns , as well as vastly improved farming techniques and new foodstuffs . 
  1091-1530ad - the next few hundred years shape malta 's history greatly . 
  the islands gradually become latinised , with the remaining muslims forced to leave by 1224 . 
  some families choose to stay ( by converting to catholicism ) , and mingle with the newly arrived hot italians and sicilians . 
  aside from italians , many spanish soldiers as well as some normans are stationed on the islands and mix in to the population . 
  as a fun fact , malta 's most popular surname borg ( or at least the noble branch of it ) descends from a valencian nobleman : de borja ( related to the infamous borgias ) . 
  during this time malta also switches hands between spanish , swabian and french nobles ( as part of the kingdom of sicily ) , and the maltese language develops from siculo-arabic ( arabic dialect spoken in sicily ) . 
  in 1429 a saracen invasion is repelled . 
  1530-1798ad - malta is gifted to the knights of malta , who are homeless after being defeated in rhodes . 
  they bring 3000 greeks from rhodes as well as slaves with them . 
  italian is made an official language during this time , and of course the famous siege of malta takes place . 
  the 40,000 strong ottoman army is defeated by 9,000 defenders - mostly locals with no fighting experience . 
  following the siege , the modern maltese capital of valletta is founded ( after jean de la vallette , the order 's grand master . 
  1798-1800ad - bonaparte occupies malta briefly . 
  during this short time , a new legal system is introduced , the schooling system is modernised and the french rob everything they can lay their eyes on - including la vallette 's sword ( which they still have not given back ) . 
  the maltese finally have enough , and ask the british for assistance . 
  1800-1964ad - malta becomes a british protectorate , and eventually becomes extremely important as a port and a hospital for wounded soldiers ( hence the nickname `` nurse of the mediterranean '' ) . 
  maltese culture changes a lot during this time , with many british influences in the cuisine ( sorry ... ) , language and customs . 
  on a more personal level , many locals can boast about having a british ( great ) grandfather after the stationing of over 30,000 servicemen here . 
  during ww2 , mussolini declares that malta is an integral part of italy and makes every effort to ensure this by bombing them to pieces . 
  the maltese heroically refuse to surrender after being faced with the heaviest bombardment per km sq. 
  in europe . 
  following this ordeal , the whole nation is awarded the george cross for their bravery . 
  today : i believe that malta today reflects everything from its past . 
  their language is semitic , yet over 50 % of the words are italian , and another 20 % is english . 
  they say `` bonswa '' ( bon soir ) for good evening and good morning for ... well , good morning . 
  you will see the red telephone boxes alongside a medieval castle and at home you 're just as likely to be given a plate of pasta as a shepherd 's pie . 
  finally , the people themselves are polarised in a humorous fashion , with the nationalist party traditionally supporting the italian language and culture , and the church 's influence , and the labour party supporting britain 's influence and the maltese language . 
  this political contest was very serious in the past , often resulting in fights and also extends to football teams ( england vs italy rivalry ) . 
  the bbc publicly covered clarkson for a long time . 
  he might be funny , be ultimately he acted like a cunt and got what he deserved . 
  it is never acceptable to punch your co-worker , and being a ` funny guy ' should definitely not excuse his actions . 
  that 's like saying polanski should be excused because he is a famous director . 
  and malta . 
  there is also the word ` weald ' , which presumably has the same root . 
  as were some portions of the polish population , that were deemed to be ` not polish ' , and czechs too i believe . 
  it certainly was not as systematic as people like to believe . 
  now now , no need to get agitated buddy . 
  technically yes , maltese forms a continuum to the dialect of arabic that was once spoken in sicily . 
  in practice , however , only about 30 % of maltese words are of semitic root nowadays . 
  i 'd say that english is more germanic than maltese is semitic , but of course the grammatical structure of it , as well as the basic vocabulary still makes it a semitic language . 
  amateurs . 
  17 degrees in south east england today . 
  because we live in a nanny state , and apparently the super-effective police force which is currently undergoing some major budget cuts is ever-present and will definitely protect us if the need be . 
  literally , one of the main advisory points given is ` run ' . 
  imagine being a woman , on your own , and trying to run from 2 or 3 young men ... 
  absolutely not . 
  malta is one of the most religious countries in europe , and the support for gay marriage is still far higher than many other countries . 
  i think the biggest problem with that is their economy is very tourism-oriented , and the beauty of their shores are a major asset . 
  building offshore windmills would certainly spoil much of the breathtaking views . 
  malta , for example , has convicted 99 people over blasphemy in 2012 https://newhumanist.org.uk/articles/4147/malta likewise , people have previously been on trial for blasphemy related crimes in poland https://newhumanist.org.uk/articles/4168/poland, 
  this has nothing to do with scenarios . 
  countries set their own laws for their citizens , and by living there you agree to follow them . 
  some countries in europe have laws in place against blasphemy , with imprisonment being the punishment . 
  in usa some states still utilise the death penalty - the crimes are different but i 'm sure norwegians would disagree whether death penalties should ever be used . 
  yes , this is an atrocious and disgusting approach and their version of ` justice ' , but unfortunately they have the right to enforce it . 
  somehow americans have not faced much reprimand from the other western countries despite torturing countless people . 
  ultimately , choosing to live somewhere as screwed up as saudi arabia where women get punished for being raped is one 's personal choice . 
  i suppose malta could be counted as a microstate too , and they obviously are not that rich - roughly on the same level as other southern european countries . 
  they are english , though not ethnically so . 
  however nationality or national identity has nothing to do with a person 's skin colour . 
  he did not highlight ` ethnically white british ' . 
  in the uk ethnic minority populations ( especially black british and indian british people ) are not really recognisable from the indigenous population , bar their skin colour and occasional oriental twists in the cuisine . 
  i 'd say the influence of italian is more visible in maltese than french is in english . 
  at least , that 's the impression i get as an outsider who has a basic understanding of both . 
  i think the history of malta plays a part in it . 
  the vast majority of modern maltese people are descended from southern europeans , especially italians . 
  this means that maltese was linguistically isolated from any semitic influences for over 900 years ( the continuous influx of migrants had heavy latinised the language ) . 
  furthermore , until britain 's decision to suppress the usage of italian , it was an official language spoken by the middle and upper strata of the maltese society - often superceding maltese itself . 
  in medieval times , the merchant caste of malta ( which formed most of the coastal towns in the harbour area ) was made almost entirely of venetian , genoese and other italian merchants . 
  the pronunciation , as you can imagine , reflects this . 
  in my opinion , even semitic words pronounced by maltese people sound far more italian ( accented ) than they do arabic ( though you can , of course , tell they are not of latin origin ) . 
  but personally i believe the strongest factor in understanding italian is the widespread exposure to it . 
  i 'm sure had you watched polish tv every day as a kid , you 'd be near-fluent by now . 
  especially if you combined it with reading news or articles in polish , as well as being exposed to polish tourists and workers . 
  italians tourists come in droves to malta , especially july/august , and i see more and more italian workers whenever i go to visit ( and not just in hotels/restaurants ) . 
  not maltese , but lived there for a while and have a lot of maltese friends . 
  italian is widely understood even without learning , as not only is about 50 % of maltese vocabulary italian , the vast majority of ` good ' channels that are not satellite-tv are in italian . 
  most people know enough of the language to understand it .
