  well that is a silly claim . 
  the british isles have been settled , and settled again over and over throughout their history . 
  have a quick google yourself , and you 'll be surprised just how genetically diverse the isles are . 
  well , it may be just me but i refrain from painting vast numbers of people with one brush . 
  i have met plenty of people from different ethnicities and nationalities throughout my life . 
  i have met a pole who attacked an indian man with a beer bottle simply because he was ` brown ' and , according to him , dirty . 
  did i let that influence what i think of polish people ? 
  no , because i realise that there is a vast number of other poles who are genuinely intelligent and hard working , and simply want to make a living in this country . 
  yes , there are problems associated with people coming en masse and failing to integrate within the society . 
  however , to say that one group is superior to the other is ridiculous . 
  some qualities , such as religious orthodoxy or strongly conservative , nationalistic values pose an obstacle . 
  however , i have met just as many orthodox muslims who were stubborn as hell , as i have brainwashed , nationalistic individuals from europe . 
  well you have to look at brown people on the street !, 
  and , and also higher crime statistics !, 
  and all muslims are terrible , they want to bring sharia law and muslamic ray guns !, 
  they 're fine , of course , as long as they are white , catholic poles who only come to the uk to build a hardworking life !, 
  is that the meerkat ?!, 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  putting cameron and orban in the same category is plain idiotic . 
  no-one died out , that much is certain . 
  many migrated westwards , however czech republic was inhabited by both remnants of germanic and celtic tribes when the slavs arrived . 
  what a surprise , a few autistic danes kill a rabbit because they do n't understand how to convey their message through the magical medium of speech, 
  actually , many of those areas already had indigenous poles , kashubians and silesians living in them . 
  also , not all poles settled in the ` west ' were actually from belarus/ukraine ( old east poland ) - quite a few moved voluntarily from all around the country . 
  let 's not forget the extortionate prices a young person would have to pay for insurance . 
  and , of course , finding unpaid parking is near impossible . 
  i think he was referring to the general russian populace rather than specifically to moscow . 
  the average russian is still not very well off compared to his american counterpart . 
  you must be getting screwed over then , because they regularly upgrade my internet for free . 
  though i can not speak for the majority of english people , it is without a doubt that european migration is currently a far ` hotter ' issue . 
  this is for two reasons , really . 
  firstly , the brunt of non-eu migration was felt in big urban areas - places where people from all over the world had long been settled into . 
  the communities there are used to constant migrations . 
  secondly , i believe that the numbers of eu migrants arriving annually are also far higher , combined with the fact that they can now in no way be controlled , has become an issue for some . 
  as someone who has spent a lot of my time living in smaller english towns , i can safely say that european migration certainly had a profound effect on the local communities , both positively and negatively . 
  unfortunately , many migrants who arrived were low-skilled , and not highly educated . 
  they did not build a great reputation for themselves , mostly due to their inability to speak the language ( in many cases linked with refusal to do so ) and often disregard for the local culture . 
  unfortunately , many migrants who arrive can be quite arrogant , often believing that they have no responsibility to fit in ( and i mean in the simplest way possible , by learning the language and accepting that things here are different than they were back home ) . 
  every country has its own rules , laws and customs , and though not everyone has to follow all of them i expect that they would at least have the decency to respect them , which unfortunately is not often the case . 
  the change in british culture over time was as much a result of slow migration over a long period of time , as it was a simple reflection of changes in attitude through further education of the people and abandoning outdated concepts , such as religious orthodoxy . 
  massive migration of people from third world countries , the majority of whom are certainly uneducated , is simply not comparable . 
  as an example ( yes , anecdotal unfortunately ) when i had visited malta last summer , i noticed the migrants had decided to use a local pond as a dumping place for fecal matter . 
  they would squat in full view of the passers by , with no regard for their actions . 
  now , i am not saying that all migrants would necessarily decide to use our land as toilets . 
  however , the dangers of letting in unprecedented numbers of people are real , and i fail to see how african ( as an example ) low-class , uneducated migrants would simply blend in to our society . 
  and , of course , that would continue the existence of our nations and cultures . 
  after all , unprecedented numbers of migrants from a different continent with an entirely separate culture can only mean great things for europe . 
  it is not just rape , which in itself is terrifying , but the scale and the way it was committed . 
  raping 6 year old girls , 80 year old women and nailing them to the barn doors so that the locals as well as the passing soldiers may watch . 
  such monstrosity is not simply what ` every army ' does in a war . 
  that 's definitely not the case , as many polish women were in fact seen by the soviets as not much different than the germans . 
  although i see where you might be coming from , what you 've said not quite right , but there is a bit of truth in it . 
  hitler 's ideology is quite often misunderstood simply because people think of hitler as some genius minded dictator , whilst in reality hitler is given way more credit than he deserves . 
  hitler 's policies changed time and time again and were ridiculously inconsistent . 
  though officially the slavic peoples were ` untermenschen ' either to perish or remain as uneducated slaves , this would develop many exceptions . 
  in poland itself , the people of northern poland ( reichsgau danzig-westprussen ) , silesians , mazurians , gorals ( southern poles ) and north eastern poles ( bezirk bialystok ) were to be considered germans - as long as they agreed of course . 
  outside poland , the croats were no longer slavs but a lost germanic tribe , as were the desirable czechs and slovaks ( about 50 % of estimates according to general plan ost , though it does n't seem quite high enough ) . 
  finally bulgaria itself , of course , fought alongside hitler and he was keen to award them land . 
  at the end of the day , hitler 's policies were as much political as they were racial , and being an unstable man himself they were rather prone to quick change . 
   who were white and christian as opposed to the french , poles and russians who were non-white and non-christian ? 
  i certainly would not recommend calling malta arab . 
  this would be considered offensive by the vast majority of maltese people , and is furthermore very ignorant considering there are few , if any , arabic people in malta . 
  i remember reading that only a third of immigrants in the new regions were from the old eastern poland ( ` kresy ' ) . 
  just have a look at this article http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recovered_territories#resettlement_of_the_territories to quote - `` settlers from central poland moving voluntarily ( the majority ) '' . 
  i think it 's a common myth that the majority were forced out there , when many were simply encouraged by the incentive of new homes - as many of them had lost theirs . 
  was there not some eastern germanic ( goths ) settlement in the area before the arrival of the slavic peoples ? 
  arguing what once was hundreds of years ago is pointless . 
  people move and migrate and conquests happen all the time . 
  is novgorod not a truly russian city , seeing how it might have been established by the norse ? 
  it 's probably the same case as most of conservative europe - the older generation is slowly being phased out . 
  if you speak to any younger people there , their values are no different than most western european countries . 
  furthermore , as far as i know they had a change of government from the conservative so-called ` nationalist party ' ( who had deep ties with the catholic church ) to the significantly less conservative labour party . 
  i 'm pretty sure marriage is now legal for homosexual couples in malta . 
  just wait until a polish person sees this . 
  it 's grammar german , not ` nazi ' !, 
  i hope you realise that condoms are not 100 % effective , and can break . 
  any leakage , no matter how minimal , could potentially lead to pregnancy . 
  happy st. patty 's to all my fellow british countrymen !, 
  let 's thank the queen for this glorious day !, 
  except for the ones who traded all across the known world and ruled the state of rus . 
  sorry , you are right it is in fact ` de borja ' that evolved into ` borgia ' and then ` borg ' in malta . 
  here is a link that shows the connection : http://www.maltagenealogy.com/libro%20d'oro/borg.html, 
  just fyi the maltese surname borg has most likely several origins . 
  the first borges on malta were recorded in 1300s and it was originally de burja ( noble family originating from spain ) . 
  further branches of this family migrated later on from calabria . 
  however it is also possible that some borges were also working in stone quarries as borg means a heap of rocks in maltese i believe . 
  i 'm only kidding , have nothing against the portuguese personally . 
  use to live next to a lovely portuguese lady who married an englishman , and she always insisted on bringing soup and homemade bread , 
  says the portuguese haha, 
  yeah it 's definitely ironic . 
  i 've always found it interesting that the language not only did n't die out , but also managed to become the official language of the islands . 
  maltese is a semitic language with heavy romance and english influences ( around 30 % sicilian arabic , 50 % italian and sicilian and 20 % english + some spanish/french words ) . 
  the responses in this thread clearly show why british culture does not translate very well into that of the european mainland . 
  pm 's questions are always a time for a more lighthearted debate , and for all those who moan about the childishness of it - it 's not very different from what might occasionally go on at any workplace in the uk . 
  this is by no means a regular occurrence in the british parliament . 
  having said that , john bercow should have stepped in soon after the joke was made . 
  oh yeah definitely . 
  also i think it 'd be interesting to see the correlation between west slavic and german . 
  kind of funny that you used the second graph to support your claim of ` lazy southerners ' , yet the maltese seemed to have outdone you ubermensch . 
  less than italian and english though .
