  jo johnson is also a remain supporter , though he understandably does n't voice it particularly loudly as he is a conservative minister . 
  yes i see your point , to be fair going that far back in time is perilous at best . 
  people mix , surnames change and records get lost . 
  malta was nearly depopulated twice after the arabs originally settled there and yet roots of the language remained strongly entrenched , it 's something that always baffled me . 
  over 50 % of british people also vote for brexit despite our government having no plan for it . 
  the civil service was so unprepared for brexit that on the day the result was announced no one knew what to do . 
  does this mean that half of our country is comprised of idiots ? 
  absolutely not , but it 's quite clear that some organisations and institutions had a strong effect on the views of the people to the extent that they disregarded the future of their country for some flowery visions painted by the daily mail . 
  the maltese anti-divorce campaign followed a similarly sinister style to that of the anti alternative vote system ( think of the poor children etc etc ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think that there were more genuine reasons for brexit than keeping divorce but you can not underestimate the effects of brainwashing and external influences on emotional issues such as these . 
  divorce was n't illegal because of people 's personal values but rather due to the grip the church still has on politics in malta . 
  from my experience the `` middle englander '' market-town demographic is just as conservative as the average maltese . 
  burg does n't mean tower in maltese though . 
  actually a part of the borg family tree originates from the borgias ( from spain via sicily ) . 
  i assume the other borgs probably originate from other source ( s ) , likely merged into a single surname over time . 
  i loved strolling around the sliema coastline to st. julian 's . 
  midday tea at the cafe near st johns co-cathedral in valletta was also an amazingly blissful moment . 
  can not recommend malta enough . 
  although i feel that living there for too long would eventually make me feel trapped due to its small size , it 's a wonderful place for a holiday or living for a couple of years to experience the great combination of its history and people . 
  the locals say it looks like a fish ( from a satellite view ) . 
  you can guarantee this ? 
  that 's a pretty bold statement from someone who 's never lived there . 
  as i said elsewhere in this thread , malta is incredibly green most of the year , in fact it sometimes reminded me of the uk - with less rain and far more sun all year round . 
  by that logic poland is as european as russia . 
  i think the problem with these numbers is that there is virtually no way of telling exactly how many immigrants are in the uk now . 
  they are all most likely estimates , and even though it is certainly true that poles probably outnumber lithuanians , the latter certainly have a presence ( especially in south-east england from my experience ) . 
  i think as percentage of each country 's population , there are probably more lithuanians than poles , however in raw numbers the roles are undoubtedly reversed . 
  not at all surprising , considering the past ` endeavours ' of the soviets in their country . 
  just curious , does anyone know if other countries which suffered under the soviets have similar laws ? 
  i 'm especially curious about latvia and estonia as they were directly under the regime . 
  oh , my apologies , was n't aware of that . 
  the finnic ancestral people had arrived in europe around 10,000 years ago from asia , and were pre-indoeuropeans that later mixed in with the indo europeans and in some cases took on their culture to form the countries we know today . 
  they are represented by the n1c1 y dna haplogroup which is most common in finns and lapps , but is also found in the baltics , parts of scandinavia , russia , belarus and poland ( as well as germany to a smaller extent ) . 
  once again , people mentioning genetics when they clearly know nothing about it ... 
  it 's not that simple . 
  r1a & l2 are not simply `` slavic '' . 
  each human haplogroup has many different strands , and thanks to modern technology we can now attribute those to specific groups - thus certain parts of r1a can be germanic , while others might be slavic or indian . 
  the above map seems to imply that all r1a carriers must be slavic , or kurgan or ` aryan ' - which is a very laughable claim considering it is found in remote parts of norway , and has been present there far longer than the slavic culture 's expansion . 
  there is a splotch of r1b in one part of africa [ here ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-hrq4kumxbo8/uidrdkytixi/aaaaaaaajhc/uixs37ccrxm/s1600/world_map_of_y-dna_haplogroups.png ) do you think that means this group of chadic people is descended from celts ? 
  the bottom line is , dna pre-dates those wonderful blanket terms we have for groups of nations today ; maybe it will surprise you but l1 of the norse and l2 in the balkans are actually related ( thus were once a single group before splitting off ) and might actually predate the indo-european speakers . 
  r1a and r1b were likewise once a single ( r1 ) group . 
  unfortunately most people do n't get this , and you often hear vast over generalisations , especially when it comes to eastern europeans many of whom speak languages from the same family . 
  funnily enough you rarely hear the english and germans referred to as one ` germanic ' peoples , yet it 's always slav this , slav that , as if 350 million people can all be fit under a superficial blanket term . 
  a bit off topic , but i 'm surprised at how spoken greek sounds - almost like an italian speaking russian . 
  i think it 's a little more complicated than that , as the ' hellenization ' was likely a mostly cultural , not genetical one . 
  as for greece itself , although the guy above clearly has some issues with it , it certainly can not be said that modern greeks are all descended from the ancient civilization that once lived there , it would be as absurd as the italians claiming roman ancestry . 
  uh , i do not know much on the subject but [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recovered_territories ) article seems to state otherwise :  the territories were resettled by the polish communist government , mainly with poles who moved voluntarily from central poland and the wartime polish diaspora, 
  greece, 
  immigrants of portuguese , italian and maltese ancestry account for 38 % of the population . 
  furthermore , not all british people are members of the anglican church . 
  there are over 5 million catholics in the uk , and considering that ireland was once part of the british empire their descendants had , too , likely added on . 
  many irish migrated to the then-colonies ( malta , gibraltar ) . 
  sure , most people in gibraltar are of spanish descent ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltarian_people to quote : 24 % have spanish surnames and 1.19 % have spanish citizenship . 
  i think that it reflects both the changes in political stance and the media views on the ussr , as well as the release of certain classified information in the latter years ( and of course the freedom to finally speak about certain crimes committed by the communists without offending ` the great bear ' ) . 
  except that russia did n't simply take back the lands that were previously taken , they annexed lands that were already taken away following ww1 . 
  the view on prussia , in particular , shows a pretty strong misunderstanding . 
  the idea that lands ` were always polish ' and thus there was some god-given right to them is somewhat naive . 
  putting a mixed-nationality piece of land under the control of a new nation whilst separating east prussia from the rest was always a recipe for disaster . 
  also , comparing the alliance to nato is highly inaccurate , bearing in mind that the alliance was originally formed with romania because of their oil fields - or rather to ensure that neither stalin nor hitler could get their hands on them . 
  britain had no vested interests in defending that part of the world , and inviting poland to the alliance originally started in order to make sure romania was not alienated . 
  having said that , more certainly should have been done to protect their allies . 
  the ` lost land ' was as much polish as it was lithuanian , belorussian and ukrainian . 
  though taken by force , and some parts of it were predominantly polish , there was no way to reconcile this without hurting at least one of those nations . 
  i wo n't waste time commenting on the ` assassination ' part . 
  precisely . 
  those regions have always been subject to migrations and invasions anyhow , even the scandinavian vikings had some limited settlements in the area . 
  well the yotvingians may be dead culturally-speaking , however i do recall that there was a y-dna study done in the suvalki region some time ago and they found far higher proportions of dna that was not so common in other parts of poland ( n1c i think ) and is more common in the neighbouring baltic countries . 
  yeah , especially that extra-high maltese unemployment !, 
  i am in malta on holiday at the moment and i agree wholeheartedly , there is a compete lack of organisation in regards to the buses . 
  although it was not his duty to organise the people there , in the absence of any real organisation it is commendable if anything that he attempted to do something about it . 
  there is no excuse for the actions of that lady , whatever the motive might have been in her head . 
  the bottom line is , had the queues been organised there would be less stress and hassle for everyone involved . 
  that 's a terribly stupid crime to commit , however up to 10 years in prison , really ? 
  that 's an absurd punishment for two obnoxious teenagers . 
  yeah , ` wealthy parents ' ... 
  funny you should say that , because it was a common feature of many germanic languages . 
  icelandic and english are the only two that still retained it though . 
  it 's not the western society 's fault that muslims get upset about their prophet being depicted in a certain way . 
  if a conservative does not like living in a highly secular society , they can choose to move to a place where islam sets the laws and thus the society is entitled to take an equally conservative stance . 
  i would n't recommend biting your child 's ear , if you ever have one . 
  how a child grows up to be will very much depend on it 's environment , and the quality of care shown by the parent in its early developmental years . 
  if you have to use violence at some point , then you are most likely making up for whatever mistakes you have committed earlier on . 
  the only children who are ` inherently ' unteachable are those with learning difficulties , and they simply require more care and attention , and occasionally specialist nurturing rather than physical treatment . 
  whether or not you agree with my opinion is irrelevant . 
  if you ca n't bring your children up well without resorting to physical punishment , of whatever sort it may be , then you 're not a very good parent . 
  it really does depend on how lucky you get with your area . 
  i live in the home counties , in a rather medium sized town and my internet speed is 100 mbps . 
  that was a free upgrade from a 30 mbps contract . 
  the upload is still rather terrible though . 
  ~ 6 mbps . 
  right , my apologies then, 
  so romania , moldova and hungary are slavic but lithuania is not ? 
  i think you are somewhat deluded . 
  have a read : http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/mar/18/genetic-study-30-percent-white-british-dna-german-ancestry the latest studies suggest that over 40-50 % of english dna , especially in the south and midlands , is shared with either germans or danes . 
  the only places in the uk that are almost purely pre-germanic are wales , cornwall , scotland and northern ireland , and some isolated parts of england . 
  even in those parts of the uk , the so-called ` celtic ' dna actually varies between regions . 
  it is well known that celts were a cultural , not a genetic group . 
  and all this , of course , is only in the most isolated communities , such as villages where people 's ancestors have lived for at least the past 200 years . 
  i think it 's a matter of personal taste more than anything else . 
  many people find the eastern european looks to be the definition of beauty , however i for one do n't share that opinion .
