  this is actually true , you know ? 
  yes . 
  and now his watch has ended . 
  except your country does n't use it as a joke . 
  in fact mr. tsipras and varoufakis were very serious about it a few months ago . 
  third-rate economists ? 
  try getting a job at the ecb or the imf being a third-rate economist . 
  greece leaving the euro would mean greece leaving the eu , no `` in '' for russia at all . 
  quit being ignorant and stop misrepresenting our country . 
  so many puns available from this sentence , someone with a better brain for puns please use this ^ there 's jokes about currency even , damn it he says `` same coin '' so you could just grab the euro/drachma affair and splash it in there . 
  going to tell my neighbors about this ... 
  what a fucking nerve to say something like this . 
  as if we were talking about the same people , anyone who was 30 years old in 1950 is now practically dead . 
   for important things i want a referendum for extremely complex financial matters i want the uninformed people to vote without any time to learn about the subject . 
  ftfy . 
  more valuable than drachmas ... 
  now that i think of it i 've never held a dollar bill in my hand !, 
  the texture in euros is really rich . 
   he aint us i hope you remain `` us '' for a long time , rooting for you !, 
  did you just insult our currency ? 
  harsh swede strikes again . 
  he 's right though ... 
  yea , that 's what made me realize you guys already have them usually . 
  we do n't and i think we would really benefit from it . 
  no one knows what happens to kids in recess , it 's scary if you really think about it . 
  mate . 
  podrick , who 's this khaleesi you 're talking about ? 
  i 'm not a knight . 
  and that means you 're not a squire . 
  no t yet not yet . 
  mate . 
  t yet . 
  bear in mind that greece 's economy was already fucked up . 
  there were two options : further fucking up without any kind of control , or minimizing damage ( not saying that there would n't be any damage ) with controlled programs . 
  they need to continue this path , not throw the towel to the ground and pretend they 'll live better on their own , without international help . 
   the number of teachers on duty during breaks has been increased unrelated but all schools should have teachers on duty during breaks . 
  it would be a great way to spot bullying . 
  said the swede !, 
  * cue r/polandball jokes about how gay sweden is *, 
  we 'll see how much life quality they 'll claw back once they leave the euro then . 
  because greece has a huge debt and they need huge reforms , not just money pumped in every month , that 's unbearable and ca n't go on . 
  yea but , then again ... bananas are n't fruits so you never know . 
  they have to go all the way , eu has already made enough all the compromises it had to . 
  i remember in the last few years people saying on tv that portugal might leave the euro . 
  now no one believes that . 
  we went through heavy reforms , we got international help but we did our part . 
  now this populist government in greece wants to compromise nothing in exchange for apparently unlimited financial help . 
  ** i 'm sorry for all the greeks who did n't vote syriza and are being pushed to a hell-hole from which their country will only come back in decades . 
  you admire them ? 
  are you kidding , these guys are irresponsible populists who honestly could n't give a shit about their country . 
  they know the shitstorm that will come to greece if they leave the euro . 
  ** there 's nothing admirable about them ruining a country for the next decades . 
  yea because the proposals expire before the referendum . 
  it 's a stupid play by tsipras so people ca n't hold him responsible for not choosing anything . 
  ca n't argue with that , and ca n't imagine the insecurity you guys have been feeling the last few ... hell , the last few years !, 
  know that we are rooting for you , we want you in the euro . 
  how are we not discussing this ?? 
  it 's clearly much more important than greece 's situation or what not . 
  i 'll eli5 : there will be no referendum . 
  i thought we were going to have better results , nuestros hermanos seem to be ahead of us in this matter . 
  headlights go up . 
  as if the elderly and the poor would be any better if they stopped using the euro . 
  sorry but how is this government willing to apply any reforms ? 
  it 's an mx-5 , the extreme sports guys will laugh at me . 
  how . 
  so ... should i risk leaving the soft-top down ? 
  it was also the country that needed the most reforms . 
  what i meant is that they are not accepting the proposals they are being offered , and that 's why the imf and the ecb are n't willing to lend them money anymore . 
  and what did you think would happen without international help ? 
  you 'd have to be dreaming to think they 'd be better off . 
  edit/ps : what happened in portugal and ireland is an example of what happens when countries seek help and are willing to go through reforms . 
  proof-of-principle . 
  honestly i do n't think so . 
  obviously it 's open to discussion though and even well-informed macro-economy experts defend opposite sides . 
  because you replied to a comment that mentioned economic problems . 
  what then ? 
  that 's true and it 's a shame we have to bail them out ( we have to do it constantly with madeira , one of our islands ) . 
  but when we bail them out we expect them to apply strong reforms , which is what is asked of greece . 
  if they can not comply well then we ca n't really help them . 
  clearly they do . 
  this government specially . 
  you 're proposing eu 's tax payers pay greece 's bail out , giving them a message that would go like `` do whatever you want , we 'll always be here for your debt '' . 
  because that sounds really fair !, 
  well then imagine the situation greece would be in if it was n't for eu 's help . 
  and our country too , let 's not forget . 
  well if you know you 're being a dick about it i do n't need to say it myself . 
  the `` good muslims '' should n't have to renounce to islam because of some extremists ... 
  then the problem is not the religion but its interpretation and application . 
  i 'm an atheist myself but i think we should n't start thinking bad things about people because they are muslims . 
  that 's precisely what the is wants . 
  r/trueeurope it is then . 
  edit : clicked on the link and apparently the sub does exist but it is private ... 
  i agree entirely . 
  this should not be a safe haven for bigotry . 
  you can because that 's the simplistic and ignorant way of looking at things . 
  that was ... no ... egg . 
  religion is the excuse for a bunch of radicals . 
  we should n't think every muslim is a radical . 
  that is all . 
  i read your comment and you were being downvoted again , sadly .
