  yep it 's usually slightly colder ( and rainy ) over there . 
  same does n't apply to madeira , which has african influence in its weather . 
  i 'm from mainland portugal though . 
  andorra is central then ? 
  can confirm . 
  source : melting in portugal ( that country you used to go to in summer with your parents ), 
   also weed power , wind , and particularly guttural languages . 
  ftfy, 
  errr , why ? 
  cgpgrey our savior and lord of light was right once more !, 
  bananas really is the best adjective to describe it . 
  the seed is strong . 
  because it 's teuer !, 
  finally my german classes are proving themselves worthy . 
  from 2009 to 2014 they cut 40 mil in expenses and lost 10 mil in revenue . 
  not a vicious circle at all , but a needed adjustment for the eventually ruinous finances the country had before 2008 . 
  feels like that time the well behaved kid got reprimanded in class and everyone was like `` wow , him ? '', 
  i did n't know we migrated that much to that part of spain !, 
  five times is stretching it ... 
  : / alrighty then, 
  oh that 's good to hear , glad you like it in here :d well i 'm not going to be in that part of algarve , and not in september either , but i am going this summer !, 
  i 'm from the second largest city though , porto - to the north , home of port wine !, 
  it 's a good place to live , provided you have a half-decent job . 
  which is n't all that hard to be honest . 
  with a decent salary you can live near the beach ( with a great summer , do n't forget ) for cheap housing prices - because it 's the suburbs - but 5-10 min . 
  away from downtown porto by car . 
  and porto was like , elected best european destination in 2014 so we get lots of music festivals , concerts in bars/discos , and the university of porto is known for being excellent at medicine , engineering , economics and architecture so your kids will have a good time and leave with a nice diploma . 
  needs a sweaty unibrow moustached fat taxi driver in the background for added portugueseness . 
  that 's great to know !, 
  we do this thing where we 're super kind to foreigners , it gets to the point of weirdness really . 
  we do n't do it thinking about country reputation or anything like that , i think we 're really ... fascinated by foreigners . 
  for some reason . 
  might have to do with a slight inferiority complex the whole country has . 
  or thinks it has . 
  you do realize it 's written like that on purpose ? 
  good to know you 're better off !, 
  in terms of poverty , we 're nothing like even eastern europe , for example . 
  we have strong social benefits for the poorer - making sure hunger is not really a problem . 
  that said , housing quality might not be perfect either , but we ca n't have everything and people already complain that these social benefits cost a lot and they mean we pay high taxes . 
  education is really what can get you out of a troubled/poor home - it really can , social mobility works very well and there 's no real discrimination towards anyone because there are n't even ethnic minorities in here ( lisbon , the capital , has some religious/ethnic groups but they 're perfectly established by now and no one suffers job-discrimination ) . 
  i have to say i do live pretty well , not `` rich '' in any way but comfortable - which is what matters really , as i 'm sure you 'll agree . 
  i want to live abroad not because `` fuck-you-portugal '' but because i really want to know how the rest of europe is like , and i already have a brother living out of the country and it seems really nice and interesting . 
  edit : un-related perhaps , but because portugal ( and its second largest city - porto ) flies so much under the radar , immigrants do n't come here often and i have only 2 asian-descent and 2 black colleagues in my whole faculty - that 's like 2.000 students . 
  let me just clarify that i was n't making an anti-semitic comment by any means , i was just pointing out an interesting thing about the origins of alheira in portugal . 
  of course they 're portuguese . 
  that said , i do n't particularly enjoy `` portuguese food '' and i think we tend to overestimate its value . 
  i 'd rather we praised the weather and the natural beauty and diversity . 
  and we have excellent universities and excellent people studying in them and then working all over the world - this is really what we should be advertising about our country , and there 's no shame in these people working abroad . 
  feed us your summer holiday money plox . 
  switzerland ftw, 
  dude , google `` porto at night '' -  proceed to be amazed -  visit porto -  go back to nz and tell everyone to come . 
  we like tourists :d, 
  what exactly is `` our food '' though ? 
  codfish is from scandinavia , pork and whatever kinds of meat are n't exclusive to our country , we 're not the only fishermen in the world either , and i do n't particularly like `` cozido \u00e0 portuguesa '' to be honest ... only thing that 's amazing is alheira , but that was the jews ... 
  why do we think portugal and the uk have always been great allies ? 
  miserably looking forwards to the past - what a great way to live !, 
  we also earn nothing compared to norway . 
  that 's why i 'm getting the fuck out of here after college hue hue hue hue, 
  insert mandatory jorge jesus joke because portuguese football has been mentioned . 
  also , a shout out for pinto da costa , just because . 
  it 's all a scam to make tourists use our hospitals and stay longer in the country . 
  you have been warned . 
  you 're a portuguese citizen and you 've walked on the tiles , let 's leave it at that . 
  pass . 
  can he do my taxes ? 
  i meant the fact that only the kids use the national version ( and adults use the much more detailed english version , which is only possible in a country where most adults have a good grasp of english , which is the case in denmark , and the rest of scandinavia in fact ), 
  yea but is n't this the 2013 list ? 
  edit : also , dude , it 's late you should be sleeping . 
  whats up with portugal and bullying ?!, 
  edit : maybe brazil ? 
  speaking of kids , `` bullying '' is in the top 10 of the portuguese language ... 
  i 'm just worried it might be kids googling their problem : /, 
  that just shows you how bloody advanced a country they are . 
  get back to polandball . 
  you 're waaaaay over the topic . 
  and , what the hell , i was n't born because my grandparents were nationalistic , i was born because they had kids who then had me . 
  the quote does n't say that nationalism in itself is bad , it says that there are people who have nothing to be proud of and therefore resort to his/her country 's merits so as to feel proud of something . 
  the hypocrisy of this is that it was n't this person who achieved the merits of the country . 
  the quote attacks these people , not nationalism . 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
  also , polandball . 
  i mean the polish . 
  cool !, 
  now i 'm curious , what 's the market value of a coin like this ? 
  i mean , i probably would n't sell it if it was anything under , say ... a few dozen euro ? 
  also , how did you get the coin ? 
  their money is worth pretty much the same as the euro right now , they could just use our currency for a few weeks . 
  for laughs , that country needs some laughs . 
  the swiss must be feeling so excluded right now . 
  i want that portuguese 2012 coin featuring guimar\u00e3es so bad : /, 
  that horse is so badass it breaks the barrier and goes into the silver part of the coin . 
  did n't think of it that way , but it makes perfect sense . 
  love the word banter, 
  can i ask why ? 
  as a foreigner who 's only been to england once but was a mere child back then who could n't notice these things . 
  that covers the wales part ( from what i 've learned from reddit so far ) . 
  what about the england part of the story ? 
  oh , you . 
  i wonder if this is an actually precise answer . 
  there is unemployment in the medical field in spain .
