`` faded relevance '' i laughed . 
  this is so obvious and people on reddit are so dumb for thinking otherwise ... 
  it 's the same in french and german dude ... 
  easy : nouns have genders in portuguese ( sun is masculine and moon is feminine for example ) . 
  so we use `` dois '' or `` duas '' accordingly, 
  of course , but this is a specific enough thing for me to be surprised, 
  did n't imagine we had something like that in common with you guys , cool , 
  can confirm : galician is pretty close to portuguese and we also use `` dois '' and `` duas '' for masculine and feminine , respectively . 
  you mean save you from economic inviability ? 
  ridiculous . 
  i got the impression that amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is now a household name , but i could be wrong . 
  as a medical student i have contact with these terms on a daily basis , it 's hard for me to judge what the general population got from the campaign . 
  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( but i 'm a med student so i would know anyway ), 
  sorry but i think you 're wrong . 
  from a third party perspective , you look wrong . 
  i do n't care if they did or not , the purpose was met - today everyone knows what als is and lots of money has been donated to research the mechanisms behind the disease . 
  this is * precisely * the same thing that happens in portugal . 
  honestly though i do n't think students really need private classes to learn any subject . 
  if you do your work at home and pay attention in school you do n't need a second lesson after school , it only gets you extra tired . 
  yea same goes for you, 
  oh look at you looking all smart and opinionated . 
  you sound like a scared american child talking about the communist monsters your grandad told you about ... 
  i 'm constantly baffled by the amount of racism , xenophobia and bigotry that goes on on reddit . 
  a bank . 
  wow !, 
  graphic !, 
  should carry a nsfw tag ... 
  all in the name of r'hllor , lord of light, 
  2 ) because for some reason people on reddit think they are more deserving of living in europe than someone else who did n't happen to be born in it . 
  yea fuck them for migrating looking for better living conditions am i right ?? 
  as if anyone else did that in europe !, 
  they 're so undeserving of the glorious land we happened to be born in ... 
  it is a real bag though, 
  sure let 's send them back to war zones , that 'll show them !, 
  bunch of spoiled brats , are n't they ? 
  i 'm not at all familiar with the case but a lot of people believe it was indeed an attack on s\u00e1 carneiro, 
  i 'm not rejecting the relevance of the psychological effects of space flight , just the lack of earth/moon on the sky , a specific aspect of it . 
  lol what psychological perspective ? 
  i spend so many days without even looking at the moon . 
  you sound like people on youtube doing `` social experiments '', 
  i thought camarate was going to be the first portuguese theory on this thread, 
  kill the masters, 
  shhhhh , be quiet mate !, 
  y u do this ? 
  ok now you made me feel bad . 
  you forgot the word `` a '' a few times there mate . 
  shut the fuck up donny . 
  ok first of all that cycle talk is widely speculative . 
  how do you suggest we keep our debts payable ? 
  because you know what happens to countries that do n't pay their debts , right ? 
  no one lends them money anymore . 
  and on your previous post you were talking about letting countries default as if that was a small thing . 
  greece , for example , would be in an infinitely worse situation than it is today if it left the eu and went back to the dracma . 
  being against austerity is a very pretty thing but trying to reform a country without it is like trying to loose weight without cutting your food intake . 
  and of course we 're dragged by other countries ' growth , we 're hugely uncompetitive and do n't have exclusive access to natural resources that we can rely on . 
  we have to make it on our own . 
  what we need ( and we have some already ) is companies that produce quality products and are managed by people with higher education ( most small companies/shops go bust because they 're managed by uneducated people who know very little about economy and management . 
  proof of this is that many companies strive even during big crisis ) . 
  tourism is also a great thing we can explore , but of course it 's not the solution for every single citizen like some people like to believe . 
  surely you 've seen the reports on the huge tourism growth in 2014 . 
  we 're slowly becoming competitive and going through a purge of unstable companies and low-quality businesses that were only afloat because the world economy allowed it . 
  reforms have to be done , greece has implemented some but the bulk is still undone . 
  portugal did what it had to do under the leadership of a government that was willing to apply reforms and was n't afraid of being unpopular , and now we 're growing steadily and we have the market 's trust . 
  unemployment is falling and exports are rising . 
  that 's `` end justifies means '' logic ... 
  the other guy 's answer is true but yea we 're always at each other 's throats , it 's good fun, 
  and why should it be the young who had nothing to do with the creation of said debt ? 
  i love the `` anti-austerity '' tag these parties like to put on themselves . 
  might as well call themselves `` easy mode '' or `` no troubles please '' . 
  varoufakis is dario na ` haris, 
  also super safe , eh ? 
  defend against what ?? 
  who 's trying to actually , militarily attack russia , with troops on the ground , in 2015 ? 
  merkel clearly said today that a classic debt haircut would not be acceptable . 
   5-10 years to rebuild i laughed, 
  that would actually be a very democratic thing to do, 
  europeans do n't hate each other , that 's a myth . 
  responsible people hate lazy bastards . 
  it 's easy for the media to associate adjectives with countries and it ends up looking like germans hate greeks , but the hate is not about nationality . 
  you 're embarrassing portuguese citizens , have some respect . 
  know that not all portuguese citizens think like this , i certainly do n't . 
  it 's just that `` no supporters are much more vocal about it . 
  this is what happens when serious shit is handled by populist governments . 
  it 's like watching the rich kids talk from far away . 
  sorry but varoufakis space station would sound immensely cooler . 
   he should fight tooth and nail to uphold the ideology for which he was voted . 
  so why not have the guts to actually defend said ideology ? 
  he 's trying to get rid of his responsibility in the matter by calling the people to decide it . 
  and who has more experience and training than the professionals at these institutions ? 
  and the population is directly affected by the choice so it 's like pointing a gun to their heads and asking them what it is that they want , without them being even slightly prepared to answer . 
  they 'll answer with their hearts , not their conscious minds . 
  and before you say so , democracy does n't work like that . 
  one of the most important things in democracy is that people need time to inform themselves about their options , a principle that is being heavily violated in this case . 
  lagarde and schauble have a million times more information on the subject than the collective greek populace , i 'd rather let them chose any day . 
  edit : not everything is a conspiracy you know ? 
  i 'd rather be in that position than being an uninformed citizen forced to vote on an important matter of which i know absolutely nothing . 
  what do you think russia would do with access to greece 's territory ? 
  start a third-world war ? 
  those are not even conspiracy theories , that 's just a crap sci-fi movie plot . 
  learning from the russians already ?
