  definitely not then . 
  be careful though , you might find out you 're portuguese . 
  i would get myself checked at a doctor . 
  it could be ... 
  as a white person , i would n't bear any guilt if i was living in the us . 
  same as i do n't brag about what my ancestors have done . 
  they 're radical interpretations of a peaceful religion . 
  terrorist groups will always find something they can use as an excuse , they picked the closest religion to them and took an extremist view on it . 
  you sure you 're american ? 
  because you 've got a sense of humour . 
  edited . 
   a radical interpretation of sunni islam you 've said it yourself . 
  radical interpretations , not the actual religion . 
  i 'm truly ashamed to be represented by these people in r/europe . 
  i sincerely hope you , as an american citizen , understand that this is not what most europeans think of immigrants . 
  it 's a shame , i truly believed this subreddit was a nice place . 
  here in portugal , at least , we 've had just that . 
  terrible leaders who have put huge burdens on future generations . 
  but if i 'm able to escape something as unfair as that i 'll take my chances elsewhere . 
  portugal is my country . 
  in the sense that it is where i was born , raised , and it 's where i 'm having my formal education . 
  i will always love it , but again - i do n't feel any obligations to spend my entire life in just one place . 
  being called a * traitor * ( like someone did previously on this thread ) for thinking like this makes me genuinely sad . 
  you bloody religionist !, 
  ** the problem is n't religion . 
  ** they 're terrorists , they use religion as an excuse . 
  i posed the exact question a while ago and the answer they gave me was `` bigotry '' . 
  you 're the englishman here , what do you think ? 
  well then that 's the core of our disagreement , because not every muslim is the problem - or so i believe . 
  after presenting a few arguments in this sub defending muslims and saying the problem is radicals and not every single muslim , and being ** downvoted to hell ** , i realized how anti-islamic the whole sub is . 
  i am deeply disappointed in many members of this sub . 
  edit : clearly not the whole sub is anti-islamic . 
  i am thankful for it and read each upvote as a beacon of hope for r/europe . 
  my parents work and pay a lot in taxes , let alone the college tuition itself - i have no feeling of guilt . 
  and i do n't feel any moral obligations to be stuck in the country i was born in , do you ? 
  but you 're saying the group is every muslim , right ? 
  my only problem is that you talk about immigrants as if they all did bad things . 
  as soon as someone offers them a job they are `` invited '' . 
  we have to take them in , give them time to find a job that can cover their expenses , and if they fail to meet these requirements we have to find a solution for them , now just throw them back where they came from . 
  it 's humanitarian help , if they are running away from danger and death we have to help them somehow . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll be sure to use it in these situations then . 
  english is not my native language . 
  do n't thank me , i 'm also studying ( and my education is pretty expensive as well ) and i want to leave when i finish it too . 
  he 's being a jerk towards muslims . 
  there . 
  it 's not muslims who fail to be responsible citizens , it 's radicals . 
  stopping all muslim immigration would be unfair . 
  once again , generalizations : `` shop around for the best deal while commiting crimes . '', 
  of course they `` shop around '' , if you got a better job proposal in sweden would n't you go there ? 
  ca n't you see how selfish it is to say `` i was born in this land , therefore only my kids can live in it and no one else . 
  go back to your country , i do n't care how messed up it is , that 's the country you got , deal with it yourself '' we have no right to deny people 's entry based on religion or country of origin . 
  do n't know what better word to use , do you ? 
  syriza is responsible for having stopped the beginning of a wave of growth that the previous government had managed to put into place . 
  as soon as these populist idiots got in charge the markets got scared and stop believing in greece once again . 
  he 's a racist jerk . 
  you mean the thr\u00e9ad ? 
  your fucking memoirs ? 
  are these the memoirs of the times you got laid ? 
  sad to know they were n't that great then . 
  shit logic . 
  people who feel the need to type `` fact '' after saying something reek of insecurity . 
  i dropped an egg . 
  this guy . 
  come on everyone we have to keep digging !, 
  imagine all the pity when we finally get down there : o they 'll make songs about us !, 
  scare . 
  yes , something along that line . 
  i always think of the japanese as smart and relatively peaceful people who would just say fuck this war and go to another planet to eat sushi and stuff . 
  no , i know , i was simplifying for the fun of it . 
  true , i realized it while i was writing , but i just kept going for the fun of it . 
  i also do n't think we should feel threatened by the rise of these countries but i see this whole issue being addressed as a problem for `` us '' . 
  that would be hilarious , and ridiculously dangerous too , imagine a completely polarized world between the west and a big east with china , india and russia together . 
  and then japan would be all wtf which one am i ? 
  and they would prosper peacefully while the two big blocks were at war . 
  and then africa suddenly woke up because no one was looking and by the time you notice it they 've conquered the whole southern europe , thus controlling the whole mediterranean and fucking up russia 's supply lines that came from greece ( yea they 'd already be under russian control ) . 
  and then brazil would be all fuck this shit i wan na be big , and they 'd start a revolution inside the west and become an independent state , a civil war would begin between brazil and the west until they would be tamed back into the group . 
  meanwhile australia would simply sink and japan would build a gigantic platform in the pacific where a growing population that could n't fit in their tiny islands could live . 
  by the end of it portugal would have conquered spain and basically everyone eats sardines now . 
  the end, 
  you should be gilded . 
  this is such a specific little thing and i 'm so glad to find it on reddit , and to see it upvoted , meaning that other people feel the same about it . 
  why am i so happy about this ? 
  let me just say , as a portuguese citizen , that this post is both inaccurate and portrays a bad image of us as a country , to which i do not subscribe . 
  also , it 's not nearly as funny or original as the croatian one , but instead a collection of mediocre stereotypes . 
  whoever *, 
  makes sense . 
  having erasmus friends in chile , germany , france and hungary i should 've remembered that option !, 
  these guys probably have the tackiest e-classes though . 
  probably something like this : pure sports car ( 911 gt3 or cayman gt4 ) focused track car ( lotus exige probably ... ) family car ( some four-door saloon , luxurious and comfortable , but nothing too big ... think maserati gibhli or something like that ) a few classic cars ( ca n't come up with a list right now ) maybe a small convertible ? 
  i 'm a car lover so if i was stupidly rich i 'd probably have quite a few of them . 
  but you know , these guys have tons of mercedes and jeep suvs , it 's not about a passion for cars , it 's about ... bad taste . 
  mercedes and jeep scream of bad taste and oligarchy . 
  hey . 
  how does a fellow portuguese citizen have hommies in slovakia ? 
  true , going to algarve this summer in fact , 
  -- ' yea i want to go there too , it has that wild nature look that you get from tropical islands but it 's conveniently close ( and cheaper too ) . 
  i went to madeira for the first time this year and really recommend it . 
  you can rent a car and drive through the whole island in three days , it 's a mix of a few different landscapes , and it 's specially good if you 're into geology ( i 'm not , but some of the rocky formations were incredible ) . 
  is this a `` we do n't recognize andorra as a country '' kind of joke that i 'm not aware of , or a legitimate question ?
