there will either be a full maut for everyone or no maut at all . 
  everything else wo n't happen . 
  [ the current situation in libya is pretty well ? 
  ] ( http://images.wikia.com/vampirediaries/images/3/30/fry-can-t-tell-meme-generator-not-sure-if-sarcasm-or-serious-e14739.jpg ), 
  we can into poseidon . 
  king of seas . 
  but back to topic . 
  :  read up on the subject a bit , your army is huge . 
  why 's that ? 
  there for sure is irrational turkey , but turkey is a nato member like greece is . 
  a conflict is very unlikely . 
  i 'm against forced languages . 
  do n't get me wrong , as you can see i can write english myself and it 's the 1st foreign language to learn in germany . 
  and i absolutely support that . 
  ( as well as i support a 2nd foreign language ) but making one language the official language of the eu would naturally mean destroying the other languages in the long run . 
  though , one official eu language is utopic anyway and would make the eu a project of the ( political ) elites even more than it is already today . 
   navy with 5,000 year history and modern subs and battle ships and as bonus we control over 50 % of the entire worlds shipping fleet . 
  this reminded me of a polandball comic . 
  always thought it was just some butthurt joke , but now i 'm not sure anymore . 
  makes only sense if the foreign policy is the same . 
  and there are major differences . 
  i 'm not really pleased with the thought of going into wars for the french/british economy just because the french/british president/prime minister told me to do so . 
  the nato is a defense organisation ( well , maybe it was ) , therefore it 's a completely different case than a european army . 
  some countries have a army whose major function is the defence of the country . 
  wow . 
  wow . 
  or the mess france and the uk did in libya . 
  as a german : sounds a like a lose-lose situation for us . 
  paying even more money and getting pushed into conflicts where we do n't belong in . 
  as the welshman above said : * `` to be fair a joint eu military is pissing in the wind while we are so far apart on foreign policy . 
  dear god . 
  why am i not even surprised ? 
   i find it very strange that a head of state is throwing a hissy fit over this . 
  smoke in our eyes . 
  our media is also reporting on our chancellor merket being spied upon . 
  ~ ~ who cares ? ~ ~ spy agencies have been doing this for millenia . 
  and if any head of state is surprised , they should really take a good look at themselves . 
  now i agree . 
  just because something is common and you should expect it does n't mean it 's right . 
  ** when you park your car in the middle of berlin with the doors wide open and the key left in the lock , it would be pretty much your fault when your car gets stolen . 
  but this does n't mean the person who stole it is less criminal . 
  period . 
   spying on heads of state and foriegn governments are what spy agencies are supposed to do . 
  not when this means wiretapping the phones of the government of ** allied ** nations . 
   it 's not different than when france planted bugs on air france flights and admitted to eavesdropping on important american passengers . 
  france is without a doubt on the same aggressive level as the us when it comes industrial espionage . 
  as a german : do n't be ashamed brits , we 'll get internet censorship within the next 4 years too . 
  would you say the same thing if it would n't be your native language ? 
   i find those arrogant who care only about issues that affect themselves . 
  nothing to do with my opinion . 
  criticism about the lack of visionary policy concerning current and future developments is good and necessary . 
   what is being done here , however , and on facebook , internet forums etc. , is paint a doomsday scenario where the spd bought into a coalition with the devilish cdu which will no less destroy the party . 
  that 's a load of rubbish . 
   it 's a solid government that will bring some improvements and fall short of making any grand decisions . 
  not great but okay . 
  the spd did n't betray anyone , they made the right play with the cards they had on their hand . 
  who cares about the spd ? 
  both , the spd and the cdu are parties i do n't want to see in the government because the outcome will be negative . 
  sure , it 's extremely unrealistic that a government without those parties will happen anytime soon , but looking into the programs of both of them gives me shivers . 
   the countries who are much better at immigration policy and instilling positive cultural identification than germany all allow it . 
  like which ones ? 
  the problems are pretty much similar in all of western and northern europe . 
  countries like the us , australia , canada , and so on are a completely different case . 
   enforcing single citizenship is but an ill-fated attempt at showing cultural dominance . 
  the only way is to reconcile the two identities in positive ways . 
  when i immigrate to another country i try to fit in . 
  if i do n't want to fit in , why did i immigrate in the first place ? 
  what i do in private is my thing , but when i immigrate to another country my kids born there wo n't be german anymore . 
  everything else would be disrespectful . 
  which shows this pretty good is that the group in question in germany is not vietnamese , polish , ghanaian , irish or whatsoever . 
  it 's always one certain group which wants to have more rights than everyone else . 
   the actual root of the problem is the fact that appearance is still the primary factor of identification in germany ( and most of europe ) . 
  you do n't choose to be a turk , you 're being called one because of your name and looks . 
  think about it again . 
  you make yourself a `` ausl\u00e4nder '' in the first place . 
  if they do n't call theirself german , they obviously wo n't be seen as german . 
  there was never a doubt that , for example , philipp r\u00f6sler , robin dutt , felix magath , miroslav klose , patrick owomoyela , and many many others , are german . 
  and most of them do n't look `` ethnic german '' . 
  a huge part of our population in the ruhrpott and surrounding areas is , at least partly , of polish origin . 
  though , all of them are without a doubt german . 
  let 's say their ancestors immigrated 100 + years ago . 
  i do n't think that in 2060-70 all of the `` turkish '' population in germany is considered german . 
  not with the current fatal policies . 
   you 're welcome to explain why dozens of very intelligent people made such a ridiculous and dangerous agreement then , my demagogue friend . 
  you have to be intelligent to make politcal decisions now ? 
  that 's new to me . 
  yeah demagogue . 
  got it . 
  everyone who does n't share your opinion is arrogant and demagogic . 
  please be rational and think about the consequences , your kids and grandkids would be thankful . 
  and socialism : expropriation aka theft ? 
  are n't you a bit superficial here ? 
  the fdp is a party of classical liberalism ( with some lobbyism ) . 
  where do you want to put it ? 
  it 's neither right nor left . 
  are you german ? 
  if yes : in germany `` gleichberechtigung '' and `` gleichheit '' often gets confused , does n't help that `` equality '' can be translated to both . 
  this two things are different . 
  if it were for forums , we had a red-red-green coalition now and the afd would be in the bundestag with 20 % + . 
   parties do n't exist for their own sake .
