is n't ` dietsen bloed ' more a reference to the house of nassau-dietz which merged into orange-nassau ? 
  according to some stories they are slaves that were liberated by saint nicholas . 
  in other stories their faces are black because they enter houses via the chimney to deliver presents . 
  in any case , it does n't seem to bother black people in the netherlands or belgium . 
  while this is true , many people do not have sufficient savings ( if any ) to cover the losses on their house if they sell it , which means they will have to get an expensive loan to payoff the debt to the bank ( often around 10 % interest ) . 
  these loans in combination with tighter mortgage rules make it a lot harder to buy a house in the same price category . 
  example : mortgage : $ 250.000 , - , no savings . 
  $ 50.000 / y income . 
  current market value : $ 220.000 . 
  if they sell their house for 220k they will have 30k in debt left , they will have to finance this with a loan of 30k . 
  so this basically means : max mortgage : $ 50k * 4,5 = $ 225.000 , the loan reduces this amount with 30k * 3 = $ 90.000 , meaning they would only get a new mortgage of around $ 135.000 . 
  vastly reducing their options and probably living in a considerably smaller house . 
  defaulting on your debt is n't really an option for many of those people . 
  if you stop paying your mortgage while you still have the financial capacity to do so , the bank will sue you to force payments . 
  also , even if you manage to default , you will be registered at the so called ` bureau of credit registration ' . 
  if you 're registered there due to a mortgage default you will never be able to get a mortgage again . 
  while these are ` non-recourse loans ' the loan-to-value is often way above 100 % in these cases ( a lot are even 125 % or more ) . 
  this makes it incredibly unattractive to foreclose a home for a bank , since they will lose a lot of money . 
  they will try anything else before considering foreclosure . 
  another problem is that most of these mortgages are interest-only ( this was popular because you could deduct about 50 % mortgage interest from taxes ) , meaning that as prices continue to drop it will become harder and harder to sell . 
  there are one million house holds in the netherlands that will not be able to sell their house for years due to their mortgage debt being higher then the market value of their house and not being able to refinance their debt in a new mortgage . 
  construction companies and project developers are facing very hard times , sales of new houses are at their lowest point in a century ( from about 7000 sales a month before the crisis to a few hundred a month now ) . 
  these companies are laying off hundreds of workers every day . 
  pension funds will never help the dutch housing market , unless forced to by the government . 
  the most recent proposal was to ask them to buy up toxic assets , why on earth would they voluntarily do this ? 
  also , their assets might be large , but in many cases just barely cover projected expenses , in the long term ( 10 + years ) they are n't even solvent . 
  further , it 's becoming increasingly unattractive for consumers to put their money in a pension fund , due to very low growth factor 's in these funds ( 0 % - 1,5 % the past few years ) . 
  got ta love pc , a few days ago there was a turkish protest in rotterdam in which you clearly heard people shouting ` allahu ackbar '' , when asked what they where saying the interviewee stated : `` uhm , something arabic about god '' . 
   if greece 's debts are forgiven , then next comes portugal , spain , italy , then what ? 
  economic growth . 
  how are they even going to enforce this ? 
  are they gon na require all websites accessible in the uk to have at most a weak form of encryption ? 
  this law would simply be impossible to enforce , not to mention that the criminals they want to catch will simply use foreign encrypted communication methods . 
  also , will companies be able to sue the uk government if weak encryption causes security breaches causing millions of euros/dollars/pounds of damage ? 
  while it is a flawed classification , it generally differentiates between `` there is no god '' and `` i do n't know or care if there is a god '' . 
  i agree , but most of the refugees from warzones come via egypt , tunesia and turkey . 
  they have already escaped the warzone , why come to europe ? 
  the rest are mostly economic migrants from sub-saharan african countries . 
  it is a human right to illegally migrate to europe ? 
  holy crap that is expensive , that 's almost as much as renting here in rotterdam . . 
  contrary to you jumping off a bridge , two people of the same gender getting married does n't affect you . 
  you do n't ` just ' start collecting taxes , it is extremely difficult to fix greece 's tax evasion problem in a short time frame . 
  for example , taxpayers currently owe over $ 70 billion in unpaid taxes to the government , but the government currently does not have proper legal means to enforce collection . 
  at this rate he will never get his golden toilets :(, 
  these are amazing , the economist does some of the greatest covers !, 
  i am sorry i ca n't hear you over greece and rome laying the foundations of european and western civilization a few millennia ago . 
  the union must grow !, 
  my guess would be they could have been brought there by migrating birds . 
  if the turkish government were to acknowledge it as a genocide they would probably lose a lot of support of their conservative voters ( which is a huge part for the current government ) . 
  their government does not care about the international mockery and blaming if it at least helps them to stay in power . 
  the front page of the telegraaf is fully visible in the post though . 
  i guess that 's something . 
  i am okay with this . 
  rest in peace sweet prince :(, 
  seriously ... 
  the turks invaded in 1974 . 
  then they kicked out almost all of the greek cypriots from the territory turkey occupied . 
  then afterwards the new turkish majority declared an independent turkish state in the north . 
  northern cyprus is considered to be occupied territory by the entire world , except turkey . 
  his opponents made a very dumb move by suing him . 
  regardless if he wins or loses this case , the result will probably gain him a lot of support in the population . 
  the late 2010s have n't happened yet , did you mean the late 2000s ? 
  i do not care if they are muslim or christians , they have to respect our values and laws if they want a chance to stay . 
  i do not want bigoted muslims or christians in the netherlands . 
  even the most ` barbaric ' tribes in the amazon would deal swift lethal justice to this pathetic failure of a human being . 
  i do not give a single fuck about his background , his poor childhood , his horrible parents . 
  to hurt another human being like this is unforgivable , we do not need this trash in our species . 
  ofcourse , it is commonly understood that when you try to kill innocent children people will flock to your cause !, 
  since the ice started melting at the end of the last ice age *, 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth stronk !, 
  [ proof ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/67/polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_%28orthographic_projection%29.svg/550px-polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_%28orthographic_projection%29.svg.png ), 
  when you open a website which has an embedded facebook tool , such as a like button . 
  to display the like button , a request is sent to facebook , which services the like button and enables them to set cookies on your device to keep track of what you are doing on many many websites . 
  he did actually say it , but there is a lot of context lost by simply stating this clickbait title . 
  he says that , because there are so many definitions of a jihadist , that you are one if you pick up a piece of glass from the street and throw it in a bin because you are concerned it might damage a bicycles tires . 
  so he argues ' i am a jihadist , because i am trying to make rotterdam a better city ' . 
  some more context : when the charlie hebdo attacks happened he went on tv and stated : ` if you do not like to live here because some people are making a humorist paper , maybe you can fuck off ? ', 
  turkey is absolutely a safe country compared with syria . 
  also , to be fair , if you are an actual syrian refugee fleeing war , turkey is not a bad country to sit out the war . 
  however , i did not know so many turks receive asylum in germany , what are their reasons for asking asylum ? 
  turkey might not be great for everyone , but it does n't seem like that bad of a country to live in . 
  how will erdogan blackmail the eu when part of the deal is to send back refugees who entered the eu via turkey ? 
  once the eu deal with turkey is reached , they should be sent back to turkey . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't send them back to a safe country . 
  these ` urgentieverklaringen ' are a fucking joke , when i was looking for an appartment in 2012 , i had people with an ` urgentieverklaring ' from 1999-2000 outbidding me on several appartments . 
  how the hell are you ` in urgent need of housing ' but have n't taken any on offer for more than 12 fucking years ? 
  the eu should bundle its resources and provide bordering nations , such as turkey , with financial aid , manpower , and whatever is needed to help them handle the refugees . 
  turkey is doing the eu a massive service handling the refugees , because the eu currently simply can not handle the amount of refugees . 
  conservative on social issues ( preserve traditional social values ) and liberal on economic issues ( lower taxes and less government intervention in the economy ) . 
  well these examples exist all over the schengen countries . 
  for example in belgium heavy fireworks is legal and on sale whole year round , in the netherlands it is very very restricted and only allowed to be sold on a few specific days . 
  weed is illegal in the netherlands . 
  it is just that the government has decided to not enforce the law when concerning sale of weed to consumers ( via licensed coffeeshops ) . 
  you can however face criminal persecution for producing weed and/or selling to a coffeeshop . 
  it is all pretty retarded . 
  hopefully this law will make it and the next step will be a regulated and fully legal cannabis market . 
  they are against it because they are a conservative liberal party . 
  it does not fit with their voter base basically , even if it does make a lot sense from a liberal economic stance . 
  edit : wrong in order put words, 
  those damn maldivians !,
