  it 's a good thing nato is finally a part of nato !, 
  but that 's what tolerance is , you ` deal with it ' . 
  definition of tolerance according to google :  the ability or willingness to tolerate the existence of opinions or behaviour that one dislikes or disagrees with . 
  wait what , we have one of the brabants in our country !, 
  tbh i do not understand things like this . 
  like people who have a painting of themselves in their home ... why ? 
  nah it is just a picture of kuzu himself . 
  his cousin made it for him . 
  i agree , that would be a horrible idea . 
  the best solution is to severely restrict migration in europe . 
  it is morally wrong to kick out people who are born here , but there is no obligation for countries to not take in foreigners they do not want . 
  when the migrant stream slows down to a tiny trickle we should focus on improving integration and eventually assimilation . 
  this will of course take an incredibly long time . 
  yeah i was n't sure if it is entirely the same in all of europe , but yes that is the internationally valid iban !, 
  i hope so to  i say fuck my doubts , i just donated some money anyways . 
  hey , some people seem to have concerns about the iban accounts belonging to the actual family of \u0141ukasz urban . 
  is there a way to verify the information is correct ? 
  i also think this would motivate more people to donate to the family of this hero !, 
  yes it is very long compared to dutch iban numbers , however it seems to be the correct length for polish iban numbers . 
  you can check the validity here : [ https://bank.codes/iban/validate/] ( https://bank.codes/iban/validate/ ) this only verifies if the iban number is a possible number however , it does not validate the owner of the number . 
  edit : your bank will also check if the iban exists and refuse transactions to an invalid iban . 
  for some banks it can take a few days for a transaction to an invalid iban to fail . 
  for dutch people the full iban you fill in would be : pl35 1020\u00a04812\u00a00000\u00a00202 0160 6342, 
  oh well , buttmoney is still money !, 
  alright , i am sorry if i came across like an asshole . 
  i just did not like the way you replied to that belgian guy . 
  no need to get all agitated dude . 
  just accept you made a mistake . 
  you stated the vat is 20 % and in your formula you multiply by vat . 
  this is the same as multiplying by 0,2 . 
  the belgian guy corrected you on this , no need to get all angry about it . 
  but that does n't make sense in the way it is presented ... you are now saying : ( 1 + 1,50 ) * 20 % = 0,50 ( this is just the vat ), 
  the solution is to be so poor you can not even afford junk food . 
  yes , no , maybe , i do n't know , can you repeat the question ? 
  regards , the european union, 
  it is not exactly clear where it comes from , but the general explanation is this : it was considered to be manly to have lots of body hair , to have body hair on unconventional places was even more manly , so saying someone had hair on their teeth meant they where absurdly manly . 
  however , the statement usually applied to women . 
  basically a woman with hair on her teeth was a woman who was not to be fucked around with . 
  are n't there people in sicily like every single day ? 
  round earth was a 9/11 inside job !, 
  and it wo n't be its last !, 
  damn eastern europeans , they always drink too much ... 
  if only they would just rape and kill our women like decent immigrants !, 
  that 's mainly because of muslims ~ ~ and it does n't seem like most of these are muslims ~ ~ . 
  most of these are muslims apparently . 
  sorry kameraad , maar de wet is de wet !, 
  art . 
   your contribution will be submitted anonymously . 
  if you decide to provide your name and e-mail address , you may be contacted by the commission to get more clarifications on your comments . 
  from the page . 
  it 's totally optional . 
  you are pathetic . 
  mr. biden is very dirty dirty boy !, 
  except when you invade a nato ally , then nato is very relevant . 
  yeah i figured it would be similar , but it is in fact exactly the same !, 
  if those terms are similar to what they translate to in dutch law then i would be both . 
  so i do n't own my house ? 
  glorious !, 
  yeah that is pretty much how i remember it !, 
  there are lanes at the arc de triomphe roundabout ? 
  happy uk independence day !, 
  vive la france !, 
  ### in varietate concordia, 
  dear mr. kohl , thank you for your significant contribution to the union !, 
  our great flag of blue and gold flies more fiercely into the wind thanks to you !, 
  fun fact : finland means finland in finland , the same is true in other languages . 
  these assholes focus on older single women , often also focusing on the least attractive women in that category . 
  basically they focus on women who are vulnerable and insecure ... 
  true . 
  however , no matter how pro-israel trump is , i think even they would rather have another guy as president of the united states . 
  at this point i am sincerely convinced that no matter what ridiculously offensive things reddit comes up with ... 
  reality will probably be worse ... 
  brazil ? 
  thank you fellow dutchman !, 
  ps : your flag is sideways , you should fix it . 
  happy birthday ukraine !, 
  the islamists are sitting there beating their dicks to some midget porn , when they suddenly realize that it would be nice to bang some virgins , so they grab their knifes , and go absolutely haram . 
  we basically had a little heat wave the past few days , 30c + ( 86f + ) and high humidity levels ( it is great if you like to sweat ! ) . 
  starting tomorrow we should have fairer temperatures with around 20c ( 68f ) for the coming week . 
  * urge to crusade intensifies *, 
  that ... that is actually an awesome way of being passive aggressive about something or someone !, 
  of course it is harmful , that is literally the whole point of a vaccine ... 
  really dude ? 
  alright let me ask you this question : if the measles vaccine already turns people into slaves what is the point of the other vaccines ? 
  exactly !, 
  it is every parents ' right to let their own children die because of the dumbass shit the parents personally believe !, 
  i am sorry i do n't understand , what do you mean specifically ? 
  is there no end to the dumb shit humans can do ? 
  sigh . 
  maybe we should have mandatory medical checkups for children under 12 every 6 months or something ? 
  i really hope these people go to jail and it will become a huge story in the media , if only to deter other people from doing this kind of stupid shit that cost an innocent kid his life . 
  hell yeah , she is hot af, 
  i too , feel great shame at this moment . 
  well europe ends at the bosporus , the ural mountains and the caucasus mountains . 
  besides thrace , the rest of turkey and countries like georgia ( south of caucasus ) are in asia . 
  so i 'd say let the thracians secede then they are welcome !, 
  well i guess by the standards of republicans we are definitely commies !, 
  i mean the term ` liberal ' is actually used to describe some right-wing parties here ( to be honest the term ` liberal ' is often used in the wrong context , republican ideology is more closer to * classical liberalism * than the democratic party for example ) . 
  since the city has to pay the unemployment subsidies from their own budget , cutting unemployment subsidies means they spend less . 
  for a city with very high unemployment ( 12 % compared to a 5,3 % national average ) , this can cost a lot of money .
