  the euro is a bit weaker these days , impacts my ability to order things online . 
  also there is a general climate of uncertainity that demotivates . 
  greens are not know but ukip is ? 
  i think you 've been in the internet bubble too long if you think youtube videos are the most powerful media , especially for lobbying inside the eu . 
  i emailed the greens about acta last year and in their response they said to have been against it from the beginning , in fact one of the green meps from finland wrote against acta already in 2010 . 
  i do n't have much knowledge about how things are in the eu parliament but i still would assume that greens have more influence than euroskeptics . 
  do n't try to meddle with the [ primal forces of nature ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi5hrcwu7dk ) !, 
  would this be the first non-violent purely bureocratic revolution in the history of mankind ? 
  * an unbreakable union of free republics great europe has welded forever to stand !, 
  long live the creation of the will of the people , the united , mighty sov ... uh , european union !, 
  * the really important question : would a federal europe allow me to watch rai 's streams outside of italy and give me similar access to other eurozone states offerings ? 
  probably yeah , do n't know too much about danish politics . 
  at least the party of european socialists seems to be run of the mill social democrats . 
  either the party of european socialists or the danish radical left . 
  did n't know that i was such a radical leftie , i guess it 's time to pick up the rifle . 
  forget european integration and lets integrate the whole planet !, 
  divide and conquer ? 
  strangely enough i 'd only ever seen [ this version ] ( http://i166.photobucket.com/albums/u103/wmdkitty/one_nation_under_cthulhu.jpg ) of that picture before . 
  genetic markers , i 'm not sure about this case but usually when using dna for identification they look for repeating sequences of dna that do n't serve any specific function so that those sequences are n't shaped by natural selection but get passed over as they are from generation to generation . 
  then i guess they measure how those repeat sequences differ from sample to sample . 
  [ more info ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microsatellite_%28genetics%29 ) . 
  edit : actually looks like they used [ snps ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single-nucleotide_polymorphism ) , basically what they measured was the occurrence of 270000 + specific mutations in the samples ' genomes . 
  good article , exactly what i 've been thinking lately . 
  if the economy tanks in europe so will the current union and i do n't think there 's any reason to hold any illusions about peaceful cohabitation in europe . 
  we 've had some 50 years of relative peace now and that is one of the rare exceptions in our history . 
  i 'm pretty sure people have n't suddenly changed just because we have computers these days . 
  america does n't face the same problem because even if their middle class was shrinking and facing cuts to social safety nets etc. 
  they still would n't have to worry about any tension rising between california and seattle since they have one centralized power to hold the peace . 
  i think class war would still be preferable to war between nations . 
  edit : added in the word `` relative '' . 
  i read that first as `` francois hollande becomes europe 's new president '' , perhaps that is the unspoken expectation ... 
  and i thought [ this ] ( http://www.hs.fi/fingerpori/1135247959585 ) was purely a joke . 
  ( translation : `` i 've lived for 10 years with only light nutrition ! '' ), 
  yes and my reasons are purely selfish , i 'm not really interested in being stuck with the options offered by an out of the loop periphery . 
  also if the eu can pull off a federation without violence then that will proof of concept for the same to happen on a global scale . 
  i just watched the same thing happen here in finland , last year the social democrats tied with the protectionist/anti-immigrant true finns and now in the presidential elections they lost to them while the strongest forces seem to be mainly neoliberals and greens/centre-conservatives . 
  not that i 'm all that surprised though , the thing we 've had going on here in the north has long been disconnected from the realities of globalization but it was never going to last forever . 
  my prediction is that neoliberalism will be the undeniable norm and the past welfare state supporters will split between anti-immigrant protectionism and globalist greens . 
  really neoliberalism has been the undeniable norm all around the world for very long but in our countries we 're only now starting to realize that there is n't any divine right making us different from the `` developing world '' . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upz34kuwysk ) something of interest for anyone who cares about these things . 
  and there 's a lot of anti-acta activism outside of poland . 
  http://werebuild.eu/wiki/main_page http://www.laquadrature.net/ http://www.stopacta.info/, 
  i had no trouble using my language when emailing my mep ... 
  faraone is pharao in italian . 
  admittedly not that mind blowing a reference but , eh . 
  as someone with a weak spot for nutty conspiracies i love how they call their higher ranks `` illuminati '' , describe themselves as a pyramid and an honored society and the most powerful clan is even called farao . 
  i ca n't speak for all of europe but here in finland at least many people live under an illusiory bubble , believing that we 're immune to globalization because i do n't know why . 
  there are very few immigrants here but even the few that are here are either ignored or people get scared of them and then conjure up some delusions about how we have to isolate ourselves from the reality out there . 
  nobody seems to understand that the world around them is n't a stationary place , it 's like everyone is still thinking fukuyama got it right with his ` end of history ' idea . 
  the fact that we live in a dynamic world and need to somehow hold our ground still definitely needs to be pointed out to a lot of people . 
  sounds like something to at least email meps about . 
  yeah , i 've seen some weird stuff coming out of hungary for sure . 
  this is a good site keeping watch on these sort of things : http://tasz.hu/en this kind of stuff ... : www.haaretz.com/jewish-world/news/proud-hungarians-must-prepare-for-war-against-the-jews-1.277076 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobbik, 
   what would we need ? 
  a crisis , like we have brewing now , to shock people out of their comfort zone so that people might finally feel like they need something new ? 
  a common enemy/problem which individual nations can not shield themselves from without a strong union ? 
  ( candidates : environmental problems , economic problems and such ) whether it 's pc or not i think that is the reality of it . 
  my bet is that when it starts to become too obvious for people that globalization is eroding our individual nation 's welfare systems people will be willing to forget their national identity in order to secure their quality of life . 
  in other words , when shit hits the fan , you 'll want to enter into the bigger protection racket rather than just staying loyal to your local one . 
  yes , bring back the habsburg , just be careful with the inbreeding this time !, 
  the double-headed eagle shall rise from the ashes !, 
  http://www.worlddialogue.org/content.php?id=269 http://www.amazon.com/europe-as-see-romano-prodi/dp/0745624979 would n't you want some kind of strong democratic force to shield the principles of freedom of movement ( for people , capital , data ) , social justice and human rights from the market forces of globalization ? 
  and [ here 's a farewell speech ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acwr4_ovgia ) delivered by benigni to the eu parliament . 
  medvedev is going to be out of a job soon , maybe he can come fill in for berlusconi for a while ... 
  you may say that you do n't hate other cultures or races but in practice what these ethnic nationalists try to do is repress other cultures and races through a state monopoly of culture . 
  my take on it is that if your culture does n't generate enough interest to survive in a free market then you should attempt to reform it instead of enforcing it through law . 
  a muslim version of freetown christiania ? 
  probably would n't even be that bad , it 's not like that is the most outlandish idea i 've ever heard coming from some fringe group . 
  here we have some groups calling for the deportation of all immigrants , imagine that !, 
  there 's also a group calling for waging a violent people 's war against capitalists , is n't that panic worthy ? 
  there 's even one well respected author here who calls for nuclear , chemical and biological warfare to be used against all cities to bring down population levels !, 
  compare that to someone wanting to practice islamic instead of roman law ... 
  seems to me like an act of war in his imaginary just war . 
  it 's not that unique a massacre when it comes to war and the only difference between imaginary and real just wars is in how many people believe in the justification . 
  the esm will be accountable to its members , i do n't particularly like the fact that members will have power depending on how much capital they contribute but people seem to like capitalism over democracy so it 's not that bad . 
  in my opinion europe needs a powerful central authority to ensure a suitable place in the emerging world order . 
  else i think this place will just be a fractured mess waiting to be exploited by the rest of the world . 
  europeans just are n't made to get along with each other . 
  ca n't really say that i 'd mind centralized planning across the eurozone , seems sensible enough . 
  it 's not so much a question of whether you believe in it or not , a lot of people would still like to have theirs . 
  you should have to find some other way of helping people with substance abuse problems than just threathening everyone who uses or produces drugs with penalties hoping that they 'd just disappear one day . 
  like you say , there 's lots of people dying from tobacco related cancer but nobody advocates putting people in prison over using or selling it . 
  i imagine that if we actually tried to ban nicotine , caffeine and alcohol the only thing that would achieve is ww3 . 
  there is nothing about any drug which gives it an inherent property to cause criminality , that shit is purely on us . 
  and i seriously doubt that no matter how much prohibition could help in reducing health problems that come from sustained substance use it could never be worth as much as what is lost in the illegal drug trade in regards to both lives and money . 
  the usg controls nearly 10 million square kilometers of land , has a military presence in more than 150 foreign countries , polices both the seas ( trade ) and space ( communications ) , fought a half a century long war against another empire for global domination and recently declared another global war against all resistance to the new world order . 
  this empire might not work purely in the interests of the american people but it is a global empire and the american president is its figurehead . 
  talking about empires might seem anachronistic for today 's media but in foreign policy think thanking americas status as an empire is accepted at face value and especially the americans themselves are n't particularly shy about it . 
  the current administration 's think thank : http://www.cnas.org/ everyone 's favourite : http://www.cfr.org/ but do n't worry , europe wants to play too : http://ecfr.eu/content/entry/the_spectre_of_a_multipolar_europe_publication, 
  i think in part the guy was just trying to appeal to the angry public to advertise his trading instructor services . 
  but on the other hand , he 's right , it 's not his job care who is the one losing money when he 's winning , all he has to care about is that if he does n't make money he 'll be thrown out of the casino . 
  i 'd say that it 's more the markets that rule the world , goldmann is just the one with the biggest influence in the markets . 
  seems to me that hungary is on the same course as much of the rest of europe . 
  the eu does n't need to be homogenous , the member states only need some incentive to coordinate their fiscal , foreign and security policy as one entity . 
  crises are always good incentive . 
  why ? 
  i hold myself responsible for whatever fucked up thing my government does , i think that 's the whole point of a democratic government . 
  but i assume the money lent by ecb went straight to pay off european investors who lost money in greece 's crash , so i 'd bet that if you want to look for someone to blame look to the financial sector in europe . 
  well that is admittedly a pretty bad sales pitch for getting funding , but personally i think the investment is still worth it . 
  [ how about some good old fashioned ultraviolence too ?
