maybe europe should market itself as the place for the best drugs and sex ... 
  i feel like theres a stupid joke to be made about stereotypes of each of those countries affecting how each of those parts turns out to work ... 
  there sure has been a lot of isis related arrests in europe lately , at this pace something 's bound to get through eventually . 
  awesome , thanks for the link . 
  they should advertise more , i do n't think its yet very known outside of ukrainians !, 
  they should also give some `` crap '' like stickers in return to make people more willing to donate ( or kalashnikovs from captured rebels :p ) , but personally ill put a little bit of my student budget there regardless . 
  they should instead make a defense fund into which they all seed capital and seek investors globally to increase their defense fund 's capital . 
  then use those funds to hire pmc support and conduct war the modern way that for example russia and the usa are both already conducting it in ukraine . 
  i could donate a few bucks to the fight against russia . 
  orters it has , these old nation states , except perhaps russia , are behind the times when it comes to conducting a modern war . 
  the fund could even have returns to its investors in form of offering exclusive government contracts for when ukraine is stabilized . 
  surely there 's even more ways that money could be made off of this war , but at least i 'm sure that pmcs would be a great opportunity for ukraine . 
  currently there is fear of provoking russia and escalating the conflict but if support against russia was being funded through anonymous investments and the war conducted by private entities there would be no country that russia could lash out against , russia would be blind as to where the military support of ukraine is coming from . 
  but i guess that to some extent this is already being done . 
  i assume the ukrainian government is contacting its friends all across the world and [ academi claimedly works within ukraine ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-ukrainian-pendulum-two-invasions-and-a-putsch-american-special-forces-in-ukraine-under-cover/5372257 ) . 
  most likely funded by american money . 
  however i 'm not seeing the big campaign of propaganda to gather support for ukraine , americans should use their media power to produce propaganda to gather more support . 
  sure the newsmedia is full of support for ukraine but you could involve consumers with an aid campaign . 
  security is a fundamental part of human rights and aid money should be funneled to hire pmc support . 
  isis also produces great propaganda , partly because of american supporters it has , these old nation states , except perhaps russia , are behind the times when it comes to conducting a modern war . 
  but , like i said , probably more of this is already going on behind the curtains that we 're being shown . 
  still , i think this war would be a great opportunity to experiment with new methods and especially the eu should be more pro-active in information and economic warfare than it currently is . 
  i get this feeling that we 're lacking vision to conduct a modern war around here and i should want to hear from some politicians here at least signalling willingness to up the covert game . 
   more news about croatian government selling weapons to kurds , probably as part of wider action to fight is . 
  ( croatian links ) that 's the spirit !, 
  you have to fight genocide by giving the victims the means to defend themselves , let 's just hope theres not too much blowback ... 
  ha , i think ps would be the first to proclaim us a part of russia around here . 
  they 'd think it favorable to the eu and their immigrants and homosexuals . 
  where 's mcnulty when you need him ? 
  violence is ever-present in society . 
  there is no binary distinction between violence and non-violence , it 's a spectrum . 
  there is no completely innocent interaction , any kind of interaction is to some degree intrusive . 
  the less intrusive and violent you are able to keep your interaction the more power it shows you have but not everyone is in such a privileged position . 
  sometimes the choice is between quiet compliance and violence . 
  you are right that extremism is a social problem , it signals that something is wrong , that the society is going through hard times . 
  but it is not rational to consider all extremism the same , instead it is rational to favor the less dangerous kind of extremism . 
  just as we substitute heroin for pharmaceuticals that are not funding terrorism . 
  as for what safeguards my evaluation ? 
  nothing , it is a side i 've chosen to defend and conserve the open society that those before me have built . 
  whether i 'm right or wrong is for you to choose . 
  violence without a political point to it is more likely to be immoral . 
  as a liberal you could at least entertain the thought of which of these 2 sides fighting is defending liberal society and which is pursuing something completely different . 
  you do n't have to fear any group of lower class 20 year olds establishing a stalinist society , but you should fear fascist forces that are entangled with the upper classes and police . 
  keeping something means defending that something , this has been a ceaseless battle for the hearts and minds of the future generations ever since our liberal societies were established . 
  now that we 're going through hard times the battle is going to keep escalating , although the violence is unfortunate and mostly signals impotence on the part of the desperate it is inseparable from a necessary process of defending our society . 
  militancy should commandeer equal if not greater respect as our state 's soldiers fighting in un peacekeeping missions of suspicious purpose . 
  it is not purely far right paranoia that we 're dominated by `` cultural marxism '' as marxism has held significant sway in our universities across the continent and it 's an integral part of what maintains our liberal societies , it might not hold much political/economic sway but ideologically if there is any pan-european identity it comes from the continent wide victory over nazism and fascism . 
  yeah it was one of the few efficient things the eu has managed to do , good on them . 
  next up putin ? 
  will it be streamed somewhere ? 
  i ca n't find it on any of yle 's channels ' schedules . 
  nope , eu affairs apparently are not considered to be of concern to the national publics . 
  with the ep election voting rates it 's an understandable stance to take by the networks , though . 
  hartwall arena is russian property ? 
  did n't even know that . 
  does it count the military killings ? 
  ** finland ** have n't really followed the news this week but here 's something : [ our prime minister said that the opposition of the general public should not be an obstacle in joining nato and that it should be solely the responsibility of politicians ] ( http://www.verkkouutiset.fi/kotimaa/katainen%20ja%20nato%20galluppi-18175 ) [ a young reporter from lappeenranta tried to do an article on the availability of cannabis by trying to purchase it from hippie looking guys in a bar asking them for `` kantsu '' , a cutesy rendition of the word `` kannabis '' probably invented by him . 
  suffice to say he was unsuccessful and concluded that you can not buy cannabis in his town ] ( http://www.lappeenrannanuutiset.fi/artikkeli/287629-toimittaja-yritti-ostaa-kannabista-lappeenrannassa-testi-tulokseton ) [ a police officer anonymously complained to a newspaper about officers being cut while higher ups get payhikes and more arrests to generate revenue from fines are requested . 
  ] ( http://www.kaleva.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/poliisi-nimettomana-essssa-partioita-vaaditaan-sakottamaan-halytystehtavien-kustannuksella/660463/ ) [ the left alliance , most leftist big party around has abandoned the government over disagreement regarding spending limits and cuts . 
  ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/vasemmistoliitto_lahtee_hallituksesta/7155893 ) [ poor people have been on the news , with arguing about whether they can be blamed for their situation . 
  ] ( http://suomenkuvalehti.fi/jutut/kotimaa/talta-tuntuu-olla-koyha/?shared=4771-2a1cd335 ) [ finnish divers saved people in norway . 
  i hope our natophile government will be able to overlook their ideologies to deal with russia in a rational manner . 
  at least it has been finland 's main trade in the arena of international politics to try to reason with russia . 
  it 's becoming the position of the [ far right across europe ] ( http://www.rainews.it/dl/img/2014/03/310x0_1395838730067_rainews_20140326134654495.jpg ) ( `` roma is with putin . 
  obama undesired guest . '' ) . 
  i think some ukiper also claims that russia is the last great hope of the white race . 
  13 is a very conservative estimate of state sponsored killing by the usg . 
  i like her more after this article . 
  our defense forces also monitor all of the internet traffic here just like fra , i 'd assume germany and russia does the same . 
  these are great threads , someone should make a weekly magazine that 's like this with news from all european countries . 
  reminds me of how dwarves in dwarf fortress bring their babies to battle . 
  i remember having a little blanket that i had named and everything from that box that i kept sleeping with until i was approaching my teenage , by then it had nearly completely broken down into pieces . 
  just a random memory ... 
  the `` alienated youth '' thing has been pretty prevalent these past few months . 
  http://www.eccauk.org/index.php/news-and-blog/eu-tobacco-directive-e-liquid-to-be-banned.html http://tobaccoanalysis.blogspot.fi/2012/09/european-union-poised-to-ban-electronic.html http://ukvapers.org/thread-eu-draft-tobacco-products-directive-to-ban-e-cigs?pid=79624#pid79624 ( read at least this too because it seems to be more unbiased than those two blogs ), 
  no i 'm pretty sure people use nicotine for it 's stimulant effects which then results in it being addictive rather than people just taking it to be addicted . 
  also , why should n't people be allowed to be addicted to nicotine ? 
  even more importantly they 're planning on banning electronic cigarettes , it boggles the mind to try to understand what kind of logic are they using to justify banning e-cigs while allowing actual cigarettes . 
  well , i can understand that banning tobacco would result in such a huge black market problem that we might as well just give up on the whole rule of law thing , but what exactly is the logic for going against electronic cigarettes ? 
  the problem is that i 'm not asian !, 
  asians are owning non-asians at everything important : math , starcraft and dota !, 
  my math team is asian , my segway is blue . 
  top 1 : korea top 2 : china top 3 : usa ( with only one non-asian ) ... 
  except for russia we europeans are pretty lazy . 
  it 's because my life personally sucks and it ca n't be i 'm just that much of a fuck up to not make it in the # 1 country , it must be that the nation just sucks . 
  is n't britain pretty big on social justice and all that already ? 
  the good thing about usa is that powerful local nutjobs like berlusconi could be skinned on the federal level . 
   austerity measures are the only way to get out of this in a foreseeable future . 
  are you saying this in support of austerity or are you implying that this video is just a cover for austerity ? 
  if it 's the latter i fear you might be right , but i do n't think it necessarily has to be so . 
  a stronger europe should be able to protect nations against austerity and not just force it on them , budget supervision could make sure that the money does n't come out of social security and have stronger nations take the hit for weaker nations . 
  i think it was samuel adams who said something along the lines of `` if we were to consider every possible political argument before acting we would never act '' . 
  the people want their propaganda , there just is n't any way around it . 
  people , this includes you and me , can be convinced of pretty much anything if it is presented the right way and if you just ignore that demand people have for a good presentation and try to give them something that is made as painstakingly accurate as possible you 're not going to get anyones attention . 
  skeptics such as you play an important role in giving some resistance to progress , critique is important to not become completely blind to the dangers inherent in progress and preventing us from losing our edge . 
  still , you should n't be surprised if your paranoia about the european project is a fringe view that is n't ever going to stop the march of progress . 
  this is my opinion at least . 
  this video is in line with the goals of europe as defined by the elected officials of our governments , furthering those goals is very much what we pay the eurocrats for . 
  tampere of course . 
  terrorists are n't tried as insane when their motivations are political .
