  learning french is really tough for strangers as well as french people themselves , good luck , 
  op likes to live dangerously . 
  well , when there 's no need to use english i just think in french , in my every day life it 's more useful, 
  added, 
  added, 
  added !, 
  if you read minds , life would be so much easier that it would be boring . 
  that reference deserves an upvote . 
  if you need money , go sell 'em on ebay !, 
  money guarrented , 
  her name is n't really mom !, 
  `` i 'm going to hack you '', 
  c'mon dude you are not old enough to have a facebook or youtube account . 
  yet browsing reddit hm ? 
  added, 
  added !, 
  added !, 
  karma , shit loads of karma . 
  bwah ! '', 
  the walking dead , kinda oppressing, 
  mom , dad , grandma . 
  give them doritos and moutain dew right away . 
  how to use what everybody use nowadays 101 . 
  we watch it more or less closely , 'cause you know , if usa gets a cold , the world sneezes . 
  none . 
  watch it together , laugh about it , and share some vids we saw . 
  weird friendship huh . 
  definetly winter . 
  it 's so calm outside . 
  the night falls early , the air is cold that it somehow become sweet , you can take deep breath of fresh air . 
  and of course there 's snow !, 
  eggs , by the time the person receives the package , they 'll have rotten and offer a delicious smell . 
  the shin megami tensei serie . 
  the subreddit r/megaten is quite active still , there 's not a lot of players . 
  yogurt . 
  so there we have the redditor who takes the question a bit too litterally . 
  i have already seen a shit ton of wtf things on reddit . 
  but this one , is on a whole another level . 
  the big lebowski duh, 
  ca n't say unless someone taste !, 
  pasta and tuna !, 
  added !, 
  it 's alright i added you !, 
  i added you , 
  posting pics of da booty . 
  deleted all my contact list by mistake . 
  * how could this happen to me ? 
  i made my mistakes , got nowhere to run *, 
  sleep duh ... 
  a real life pokemon . 
  c'mon , do n't tell me you never wanted a real life pokemon when you were younger !, 
  as a french guy , i can say that you 'd better know how to really speak french , because a broken french is funnier than everything . 
  * i 'm sick of this life , i just wan na scream , how could this happen to meee ... *, 
  a tree . 
  non , mais je parlais en terme de language . 
  like that one doujinshi ? 
  falling off from stairs, 
  if it is for a short period of time yes . 
  added, 
  added !, 
  happy new year !, 
  priorities done right !, 
  have to say this subreddit has the best community a subreddit could have !, 
  can play ps4 games , some games are available on ps4 and psvita , it is an handeld console , the battery lasts long , ad-hoc , the price of the games ( in europe second handed games cost ~ 20 $ as well as some brand new games ), 
  right one all the way !, 
  megaten games need more love, 
  well , she is so popular , that there 's a subreddit r/le _ pen ... 
  it is in english , not even in french , she is quite popular even outside of france , which is not that of a good news . 
  * half a day later , still waiting *, 
  y u do dis altus ? 
  since p4g it is not anymore . 
  almost a week ... 
  y u do dis altus, 
  deep silver just here for the money guys . 
  i guess some episodes of space dandy fit your expectations , go watch the intro and the opening to give you an idea of what kind of anime it is , personnaly it is one of my favorite anime . 
  that 's it !, 
  it was a surprise for me as well !, 
  nocturne is the only megaten games that was translated into french and german , the others are all in english , hence the games do n't sell that much because french people prefere to play games that at least have french subtitles . 
  yeah it 's quite rare !, 
  no i 'm not from paris but from lille , still it 's a pleasure to see a french fan on this sub !, 
  actually there 's a lot of rpgs and the majority ( if not all ) of the visual novels that are n't translated ... plus the average french man do n't speak/understand english very well . 
  what is she from ? 
  thanks , 
  my most played game on steam, 
  there is a misprint too in the french description of the game , there is a spanish sentence instead of the french one , might become rare too since i have the le and this appears both on the big box and the small box, 
  oh yeah i totally forgot sorry i 'll snap the cover asap !, 
  i do n't know , i just had a notification saying that the game was updated , i suppose it is the first one , i have no idea, 
  yeah i think it can since some people in the eu have a us or jap account . 
  if you are ok with visual novels i would defenitelly recommend you steins ; gate , it is one of my favourite game for the vita , plus , the sequel came out in november . 
  in my opinion it is a must-have . 
  if you liked p4g , then there 's persona 3 portable on the psn shop . 
  heard that digimon : cyber sleuth has a system combat similar to p4g . 
  also there 's lost dimension that was made by atlus , the same guys that made persona games , it 's a cool game . 
  i received my vita in june and practicly at the same time started to use almost daily reddit . 
  today i can say that i 'm glad to be part of this great community , happy new year fellow vita players and hb to you op !, 
  i think you 'll be fine , it would be better if someone who has a japanese vita could answer you though, 
  well , prime is something that makes you save a lot of money , even if you do n't order very often online , it can propose you 60 % off on something that costs 200 whatever your currency is ( # / $ / $ ) . 
  plus you receive your order fast , i had god eater two days before its release . 
  anyway , amazon prime is life !, 
  you 're welcome ,
