and around 2019 for europe, 
  we do n't even know if the game will be available in europe ... at least it is not confirmed yet , since all the other persona games were and a lot of smt games were available in europe . 
  as someone who lives in europe i will import the game from na, 
  i live in europe , and i will import it from na since ps4 are region free ... 
  i just ca n't wait 'til 2017 or 2018 . 
  europe ? 
  has anyone heard of a wonderful place call europe ? 
  in the sky , over the rainbow right ? 
  `` i ca n't wait to play persona emblem : the musical . '', 
  this random comment made my day, 
  if atlus can bring their game faster in europe thanks to a new partner it will be worth it, 
  having to justify himself only for a joke ... come on guys ... 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  best . 
  ever . 
  as a fellow european , i understand your pain . 
  but since ps4 and ps3 are not region locked , i will import persona 5 anyway, 
  then explain me why the hell in europe there are tons of 3ds , wii u and japanese stuff in our shops ? 
  it is just because of the editor ( hey atlus ) and the pegi thing . 
  edit : i 'm dumb . 
  in the pv 2 there are a few french words though, 
  new smt games on ps4 confirmed ? 
  everyday is great at your junes . 
  ( nanako for the win , ofc ), 
  friendship always win . 
  friendship is magical . 
  always in our hearts . 
  people are funny, 
  you did a great job , thanks !, 
  `` welcome home big bro '', 
  amazon can ship to europe , so it 's ok . 
  do they ship to europe ? 
  actually they do , but it 's a 25 $ extra for france ... 
  alright , if you are a poor european like me , just know that they ship to europe , but it 's kinda ... well , a 25 $ extra if i want to receive my game in france . 
  because i want the limited edition , but the fastest , the better . 
  i do n't know at all if the premium edition will be available in europe . 
  it 's like the limited edition of p4g , it was n't available in europe, 
  at least the box art is brighter, 
  guys , i 'm also from eu ( france ) and it looks like amazon does n't ship the game to europe for the moment :, 
  `` domestic shipping : currently , item can be shipped only within the u.s. and to apo/fpo addresses . 
  for apo/fpo shipments , please check with the manufacturer regarding warranty and support issues . '', 
  game of the decade, 
  this acapella is ( persona 4 ) golden . 
  i 'll avoid as much as possible any persona 5 video , including p5 ost , i really like the vocals too , but i just want to keep the surprise until february . 
  hey , if you are a real big fan , i do n't think paying a 20 $ extra of shipping is a big problem . 
  i 'm french , and i ordered the game anyway . 
  ahah , yeah , the french megaten community is not active either !, 
  you are right op , 
  oh too bad , well , thank you . 
  really ? 
  it 's not a big deal since i often use soundcloud , thank you !, 
  two words :, 
  if you are interested in dark themed mangas you could try tokyo ghoul , not the anime but the manga , there 's also deadman wonderland , but it 's like tokyo ghoul , the anime is n't really good . 
  akame ga kill is really good too , and finally you can try to read some shin megami tensei mangas . 
  also if you are ok with anime you can try the persona 3 movies or persona 4 the animation . 
  p3 is darker than p4 though . 
  i hope that i could help you . 
  flying underwears . 
  it 's true that the tg anime is n't really dark , but the manga ( which is totally different ) is actually quite great . 
  well , i 'm glad that i could help you !, 
  there is also god eater 2 which come out on 31/08 , not september but it 's quite close though, 
  yeah , it 's the same as having the feeling that you already lived a certain event . 
  because yuki is the most repeated word of the whole anime and he does n't have any fucking balls . 
  i think that he realised that he wo n't see his friend anymore and just wanted to pay tribute to him . 
  if you really enjoyed p4 golden , then go for p3p so that you wo n't be lost within a new game with another mechanics and gameplay, 
  atlus usually release their ost after their game come out , today you can easily buy a copy of p4 ost for exemple . 
  space dandy . 
  the intro and the opening made me watch the whole anime, 
  well , if you really want to have a demon in your team , when you are in a fight , make sure to kill all the demons except the one you want , and then just spam . 
  i often refuse everything they want me to give 'em , and end negociation as soon as possible , it 's in my opinion the easiest and fastest way to have a demon . 
  i hope that i could help . 
  well , since there are a lot of players with a lot of different tastes , i do n't think that the girl you romance will change the story , i mean in p4 you can romance girls that are not in the it . 
  maybe they will change this in p5 though , but personnaly i am not expecting this to change . 
  give a high five to somebody i have mistaken with a friend . 
  yesterday you said tomorrow . 
  the binding of isaac : rebirth duh, 
  remember that you will die , that you are mortal . 
  hey / r/megaten, 
  without forgetting the binding of isaac : wrath of the lamb . 
  you should have put spoiler in the title . 
  the last shonen anime / manga that i really liked was seven deadly sins ( it 's available on netflix btw ) , the animation is quite great ; you could also try hunter x hunter ( 2011 version ) , it 's kinda a classic one . 
  the binding of isaac : rebirth , this game is litterally additive , it 's my most played game on steam . 
  this game has almost no end , as you finish the game you will unlock more and more things , there are two difficulties , but the easiest one is already insanly hard for a beginner . 
  some of your runs can take to a few hours although some can take only half an hour . 
  you will test your nerves , and when you 'll beat the game for the first time , you 'll be very proud of you . 
  i 'm used to watch a lot of undub animes , but , come on , this time the english voices are way better than the japaneses ... 
  did you made the video ? 
  all those references are quite interesting . 
  oh well done you did a great job , i 'm subscribing , 
  this guy is now a friend of mine . 
  walk outside without any destinations for a few hours , then come back home and watch a movie . 
  because the translators need to be paid , the editor too , and the library as well . 
  at least this is how it works in france , and mangas cost more or less 7 euros . 
  but france is the second manga country , just before japan which is first . 
  since there are less people who buy mangas in usa or in england it costs more money . 
  and finally there is the quality of the manga too . 
  space dandy . 
  watch the opening and you 'll understand . 
  oh that 's great !, 
  so yeah , if it does n't bother you if you can post the links here i think , in any case i am interested for the translations .
