  team p3, 
  team p4, 
  team p5, 
  team velvet, 
  how to kill a printer 101, 
  this . 
  the game is n't even one year old ffs . 
  starting year one of college soon as sell , good luck op !, 
  also , the depths of mementos looks like a drill on the map . 
  r e p o s t, 
  this guy makes great covers actually . 
  no it 's a persona reference duh, 
  looks great !, 
  you can use the browser app on the vita and go to reddit to download the picture !, 
  god eater games are pretty fun when played with a friend through ad-hoc !, 
  you could wait for new sales, 
  oh but they sometimes do . 
  some dlcs are always really cheap on sales . 
  i 'm french , bought the game in france , the game was in english . 
  persona 5 has only be released in english in europe and north america . 
  there is a scott pilgrim wallpaper right ? 
  you 're a good person , op . 
  a ps4 release . 
  please atlus , i do n't want to buy a switch just for one game ... 
  super smash bros ( which is a big crossover fighting game ) is n't canon , so why would this game be ? 
  r/megaten , what are you expecting from the sub anyway ? 
  happy cake day !, 
  who tf is makoto ? 
  tartarus bosses can be pretty hard sometimes . 
  not as good as the tokyo theme though, 
  it was released in 2014 if i remember well ? 
  right guys ? 
  i 've been waiting for this, 
  eventhough it is from persona q , i must say laser beam . 
  i absolutely love this theme , one of the best from pq . 
  i started remote playing a few days ago eventhough my vita is one year and a half old , and i regret not doing so earlier . 
  i 've played only a few games like persona 5 , digimon and ff type-0 and it works perfectly so far . 
  i personnaly prefered the cast of p4 , go ahead and buy it if you can . 
  if you have a psvita then go for the golden version , but the original ps2 release will be fine anyway . 
  since you liked persona 5 , you could play some other shin megami tensei games , like smt nocturne . 
  ca n't blame you for selling you vita a few years ago tbh , it has a lot of great games now though . 
  well , i think i can say that the shortest smt games are like 40h long ? 
  it sure takes a lot of time to beat them but finishing a smt game is really satisfaying . 
  if i had to pick three smt games to play , i 'd pick :, 
  - persona 3 or 4 , which are really great games , there 's some kind of conflict between the people who say that 3 is better than 4 or that 4 is better than 3 ( which is my opinion ) . 
  that 's why i put them together . 
  - shin megami tensei iv , for the 3ds , this one may be more newcomer friendly than nocturne ; it has a excellent ost , it is my favorite mainline game . 
  - devil survivor 2 record breaker , for the 3ds , which takes place during the demon apocalypse , it may look like a persona game ( highschool students ) but the gameplay is completely , it still is a turn based rpg , but is more like a tactical rpg , like a more sophisticated fire emblem . 
  a lot of people prefered desu 1 over 2 plot wise . 
  if i can help someone who is interested in shin megami tensei games , i 'll gladly help !, 
  the games are technicaly taking place in the same world , universe . 
  that 's all . 
  there are a few easter eggs ; you must have seen some easter eggs when you played p5 without even noticing , so yeah , no need to play 3 to understand 4 ( personnaly i played persona games in this order : 4-3-1-5 and plan to buy 2 , so do n't worry ), 
  i play a lot on playstation systems too , but always had a nintendo portable console !, 
  i think i 'll buy the crash remasters tbh . 
  but anyway , on ps2 you 'll be able to play : persona 3 and persona 3fes ( enhanced version of p3 ) , persona 4 , shin megami, 
  tensei : nocturne/lucifer 's call ( it 's the same game ) , shin megami tensei digital devil saga 1 and 2 . 
  and that 's it , i do n't think i forgot any . 
  i 'm glad that thank to p5 , some people are willing to discover the whole shin megami tensei universe !, 
  persona 5 completely deserves its metacritic score . 
  another one, 
   ca n't hear you over the sound of my swag, 
  ftfy, 
  u/kazumakix is a nice guy to talk to, 
  looks great !, 
  good job op !, 
  i am a kaz , your true self . 
  i did n't even know that there were steelbook for vita games in the first place , til . 
  i 've never played any ys games , is this origin a beginer friendly one ? 
  i wish chad narukami was smt iv 's protag, 
  going to college , still have more than 1 month before the end of my summer break lol, 
  you mean yu , right ? 
  edit : i was joking guys, 
  happy hoythday, 
  when i received my n3ds ( on release date , so like 2 or 3 years ago ) , i searched after some new j-rpgs licence to play while my 3ds was transfering my data on my new console . 
  found iv on the e-shop , it was on sale for 10 $ , i saw that it was a kind of post apocalyptic rpg , so i bought it right away . 
  i loved the game so much , i searched after a subreddit dedicated to smt games , and here i am . 
  it may be a bit off topic , but if you 'd like to watch an anime with a unique atmosphere , i recommend you space dandy , which is one of my favorite anime . 
  i liked tarot cards from 4 . 
  smashing these cards is kinda symbolic about identity and the concept of the personas being the true self of the protags , eventhough 3 's evokers are symbolic too . 
  personnaly , when i was playing p5 , i never went on r/persona5 or r/megaten , i even did when the game was released in japan . 
  so i took a 7-ish months break from these subreddits , i think you should do the same op . 
  looks great !, 
  i once read that pok\u00e9mon is a great smt fan game / s, 
  reminds me of the awesome game scott pilgrim vs the world , i loved that game , but it did n't had a port to new gen console and is no longer available on the psn or xbla ... 
  as rare as an eclipse, 
  `` son , why are you playing with some green giant penis chariot monster ? '', 
  * is this the real life ? 
  * is this just fantasy ? 
  easily ame-no-uzume, 
   a nintendo character in a sony ps2 's game, 
  ftfy, 
  i somehow want to see this shit happen, 
  says the guy with the tanaka flair, 
  yes, 
  i 'll start college in a few weeks , so i plan to play games on my psvita in the subway , which means that it will turn into my primary gaming device for sure . 
  floof best waifu, 
  if smt switch sells well we may see it happen ? 
  maybe ? 
  anyway , atlus earned enough money with p5 to already make a spin-off , if atlus really likes money , i think that such an anime can see the day .
