  is the tokyo ghoul manga new in the usa ? 
  ohhh , that 's awesome , thank you very much , it 's very nice of you !, 
  i really love their songs , their music , and now i 'm just happy to finally be able to understand \u00b4 em . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  seasons die one after another by amazarashi, 
  it 's japanese but on the vevo video there are english subtitles . 
  seasons die one after another by amazarashi, 
  it 's japanese but on the vevo video there are english subtitles . 
  what 's the name of the anime ? 
  pursuing my true self , from persona 4 . 
  `` we 're all trapped in a maze of relationships , life goes on with or without you . '' . 
  when i did n't know what to do anymore with my life . 
  she is already in the game , plus her dlc is n't only focusing on her . 
  yes she is , and she 's kinda important ahah !, 
  but if you first saw her in a dlc it 's possible that you began `` her '' dlc quite early in the game . 
  because it costs money duh, 
  that 's it , 
  he 's climbin ' yo windows, 
  because op can ask what he or she wants . 
  the ones that write . 
  everyone must say dood whenever they finish a sentence . 
  well , i know that people are proud of themselves because they wo n't admit they are wrong , like , yeah , in their head they think they can not be wrong or guilty for something , people like that usually do n't want to face the truth because they are kinda scared . 
  the cake . 
  `` trust me , i 'm an engineer '', 
  open the windows and take a deep breath of fresh air, 
  eagles * heavy breathing *, 
  open the door hooman, 
  anticonstitutionnellement , the longest french word , most of us do n't even know what it means !, 
  france and belgium, 
  omg, 
  `` casual players '' ... 
  which means less cancer people , not a big deal, 
  if you buy a physical copy of the game on amazon.co.uk you will receive a code for resurrection within the box of the game , 
  i 'm an only child , so i guess i 'm ok . 
  eagles * heavy breathing *, 
  eyes , the face in general . 
  playing some mmorpg until everything gets better, 
  bottle flip ofc !, 
  right in the cave !, 
  seems legit, 
  make it double !, 
  i do n't know , i got a eu psn account but i do n't think that a code from another region works, 
  yeah it happens to me quite often , even more when i try to catch some flyshing sh * t like zubat . 
  i kinda like to name my squirtle walter , it suits well . 
  what is this game about ? 
  hey that 's quite great op !, 
  i 'm happy for you , must been a lot of work congrats  i 'm a eu user , but once again well done !, 
  no stream ? 
  i have both ( sao : ls and gerb ) , both games are great , i think that ge is better for the vita , and sao better on ps4 , and ger and gerb are not exactly the same games but those two are great games, 
  c'est l'interface qui change j' imagine ? 
  from what i heard there are some time some frame rate drop but not to very often , a friend of mine has the game on vita and loves it so far . 
  yeah i have n't see the anime yet ( the anime follows resurrection plot ) and it 's really great . 
  it 's because i 'm french and a fellow french redditor guessed it by the time showed on my phone, 
  i 'm not really fond of visual novels , but this one is really great . 
  when i was younger i was more a pokemon kid than a digimon kid so it will be the first time i really get in thf digimon universe , so it 's not a problem ? 
  anyway thanks for responding, 
  oh sounds interresting , thank you for all rhe details . 
  you need to answer questions but they are in french and you 'll need to answer in french , if you want i can translate the questions . 
  persona 4 golden of course !, 
  and maybe steins ; gate . 
  pursuing my true self . 
  small looks better , it does n't take the whole upper part of the body, 
  i was n't ready ... 
  well i had the occasion to talk to some players while hunting , it 's always a great time . 
  in my case the 5km eggs became more common that 2km eggs , and i did n't see any 10km in a while . 
  what team are you in ? 
  i think it would be better if it gived stardust or exp , but great idea, 
  since i did n't read the english release i ca n't answer that question , but in general the french traductions are really great . 
  i have a 8gb card , what do i need to do if the card is corrupted ? 
  will i keep my saves ? 
  i received my ps4 a year ago , and i have 3 physical games on it , on the other hand i received my vita 4 mounths ago and i have 6 phisycal games on it . 
  you can guess that i pass way more time on my vita than my ps4 !, 
  also , between amazon.co.uk and amazon.fr for exemple , sometime prices are lower on one or the other website even with the different currency . 
  i pre ordered god eater 2 from amazon and i receive the game one day before the release , so i think amazon is a good deal . 
  ( though it was with amazon prime ), 
  steins ; gate is great , it 's a visual novel though so you may not like it . 
  god eater 2 ( the 1st one comes for free with the 2nd ) is really great too !, 
  it 's kind of a monster hunter like but more plot oriented , there are different types of weapons and guns so you will definetly find something that you will enjoy playing , the ost is cool , the gameplay is quite nervous but i ca n't really describe it ... 
  but yeah , once again it is really great, 
  you live the life of someone , in a specific situation which is more or less realistic i guess ? 
  i wonder if someone ever actually tried to mix lemon juice and nutella and how it would taste now ... 
  thanks fellow redditor, 
  super meat boy and relaxing in the same sentence , such a good joke ahah . 
  burned myself with a oven . 
  ridiculous . 
  right now i 'm trying to unlock all the achievements of steins ; gate , which should n't be a problem because it 's a vn . 
  demon gaze 1 worth it ? 
  suzuha 's , but i could n't play these last few days so it 's the only one i have done , what was yours ? 
  verify your messages !, 
  well , from what i heard it is the most common ending , i did n't know either how the choices worked !, 
  so as a european i can import the asian copy of the game and still have to dlc without any problems ? 
  amazon is justice, 
  i would say dragon 's crown , you can explore a dungeon or complete a quest in like 10 minutes ? 
  the game has really great graphics and gameplay . 
  too bad i do n't have money to spend on games right now . 
  * cry in the corner *, 
  how did you get the dlcs ? 
  there was a code in the box or something like that ? 
  i think i 'll definetly import the game, 
  europe as well .
