  yeah , avoid politics talks with french people, 
  did you try going on european websites that are not german ? 
  sometimes prices can be lower on a french website than on a german website . 
  french food : quiche , filet mignon , foi gras , cr\u00eapes ect ... 
  in almost every single country . 
  education / 20, 
  hey , i 'm in the exact same situation as op is . 
  except that i remember every single dreams i make , this last few weeks they were particularly vivid and those last few days when i wake up i always have this weird sensation that i am sorta disconnected from my body ( plus remembering my dreams which are , i repeat myself very vivid , i also often experience lucid dreams ) . 
  i work on the breathing thing and the focus on something as well , and i 'd like to know if these things are the proof ( or not ) that i am doing it great so far or not ? 
  i suppose that if you can play the game on ps4 , go ahead, 
  op , your pseudo has some steins ; gate 0 vibes to it if i 'm not mistaken ? 
  still it 's an interresting point of view, 
  plot twist : tout le monde ne vit pas \u00e0 paris, 
  tu es d'ou ? 
  got to say i 'm kinda jealous, 
  make better plates . 
  you were innocent back then and so were the kids , i feel your pain, 
  nice try dad !, 
  being a kid is awkward anyway, 
  wtf has reddit turned into ? 
  persona 4 golden in maximum difficulty is quite hardcore and pleasing when you beat bosses . 
  ( some may not consider this game as a t-rpg , but it is a megaten game , the game gets quite tactical sometimes ), 
  if you want to talk about p4g , the best place is r/megaten, 
  persona 4 is a shin megami tensei game , so yeah, 
  i think we totally found the r/vita master . 
  it is evolving !, 
  looks like op is n't european . 
  * cries in the corner *, 
  plot twist : teddie was a velvet room resident and he 'll come back as such in p8 . 
  wait ... 
  but ... 
  i think we just discovered the truth behind all those bear puns and shit :0, 
  lmao just imagine how awful it would be if this was real . 
  plot twist : il le sera tr\u00e8s probablement . 
  personnally i first drank dr. pepper because of s ; g and now it 's my favorite soft drink , and i think i 'm not the only that has tasted it because of s ; g ( in the west ), 
  but none of the spin-off have made it to the west i think ? 
  the first time i played through p4 ( vanilla ) i found it so obvious that namatame was n't the actual killer , but yeah , nanako 's death was really sad , but in the persona universe you just do n't kill someone if they did . 
  the fact that he was actually 15yo made me cringe . 
  i have not finished the game though but the plot is good so far in my opinion . 
  true . 
  dude , i was hella lucky to find a eu physical copy for 12 $ second handed ... you should try on amazon european websites , i think you can find the good for 30 $ there . 
  which one though ? 
  my personal best indie game is binding of isaac , it is really adictive , the pc version is my most played game of all time on steam . 
  you should definetely give it a try !, 
  the french word agi comes from the verb agir , which can also be translated to proceed . 
  yes , this totally does n't make sense . 
  i was speaking about the french meaning ho, 
  i 90 % noticed , but i could n't let you say that i am unworthy of pyrojack without doing anything ho, 
  i began my smt journey with iv , not with p4 , does it mean that i 'm not a true persona : shin megami tensei fan ? 
  the only thing i can say in spanish is :, 
  disappointed . 
  i bought the game a week ago without any digimon knowledge , on ps4 though , but anyway , i really enjoyed the game so far , the fusion system is really interresting , it reminded me of the shin megami tensei games , and yeah , it 's a great game !, 
  all the ' 2 things 1 thing ' vids . 
  steins ; gate , it is a visual novel though . 
  it 's about conspiracy and time travel . 
  i have n't seen the anime , i only have read both s ; g visual novels , and , man , it was captivating , eventhough it takes some time to really start . 
  r/steinsgate is full of fans if you do n't quite understand some plot twists . 
  where 's the rest of the jack family ho ? 
  it is a times like this that i am somehow proud to be french , we really are lucky with mangas , we can find them in a lot of shops , not only libraries . 
  and they are way cheaper than british or american mangas . 
  i 'm looking forward to it ho, 
  ok , thanks for the fast answer , i 'll watch everything in this order then !, 
  i felt like the digimon community would be friendly , and i was right , thanks again !, 
  wow , it a rather complete list you gave me there , thanks !, 
  i feel like i 'll have a lot to watch but i 'm ok with it ahah . 
  do you think i can skip what is n't canon ? 
  or is it so good i 'd be missing something great ? 
  ( sorry if i 'm not clear here ), 
  then are the world series games not worth ? 
  thank you for you long list !, 
  i had n't imagined that there were so many arcs ahah, 
  well , i guess i 'll just keep watching and keep watching everything 'til persona 5 comes out , plus i 'll know what to do on summer vacations now i guess ahah , i wo n't watch everything in 6 months though . 
  ok , i 'll keep that in mind , thanks !, 
  oh yeah , i understand what you mean . 
  it 's great to change the cast sometimes though in general , no ? 
  if i were you i 'd wait a release date ( 2018 / 2019 ? ), 
  before buying the switch , the price will go down with time , unless you are interested in other games on the platform ho, 
  no shit sherlock ho ? 
  the big lebowski all the way ho, 
  * anime ad is thou *, 
  * thou art anime ad *, 
  this ... 
  this is beautiful ho, 
  level up ho, 
  my favorite `` game '' for the vita is actually a visual novel , steins ; gate , it deals with conspiracy , time travel , fate and fatality . 
  a touching story , which may bring you to tears at some times . 
  you should definetely give it a shot . 
  i bought s ; g thinking `` meh , why not '' , and i bought the sequel thinking `` i ca n't wait to see what 'll happen next '', 
  glad someone made the reference, 
  she makes it going hee-ho, 
  it sure is , i bought the le tbh ho, 
  europe ? 
  from which fictional universe is that from ? 
  tbh i 'm european , i am from france , i 'm laughing at myselft too mate ho, 
  yeah we are pretty lucky when it comes to anime/manga !, 
  lmao , i just spend all my money at my fnac shop , they have some exclusive stuff from time to time !, 
  `` le furet du nord '' is also great for animes and mangas ( there is a website if you can read french ), 
  the p4 manga is really well drawn , i have rarely read mangas that were as well drawn as p4 manga ho, 
  dude , there 's praticly no vita games in any shops . 
  there are just so many physical copies of this game here in france !,
