  i bought hyperdevotion noire for 20 $ !, 
  remind me of some shops that always have lego star wars vii for 40 $ lmao . 
  there we have second handed games that are really cheap ( i had dragon 's crown physical for 13 $ three months ago ) , sometimes there are some really good deals , still it 's rare . 
  on the pic there was a majority of brand new games , recent ones like the last sao though, 
  he is saying that in his micromania shop ( the shops where french people usualy buy their games ) has almost no vita games !, 
  no problem , 
  ahah , i just bought hyperdevotion noir and i 'm kinda lost too , i do n't understand but i 'm having fun playing it !, 
  on amazon you can usually send back an order for free and get your money back . 
  you 'll be missed ho, 
  disappointing there 's not a pyro jack one ho, 
  ok guys , i 'm french , and i browse amazon.fr almost every day . 
  this has been on the website for a long time now ( at least a year or two ) , so , consider it fake ho, 
  i have played both , and finished both games , p4 and p4g . 
  you should n't drop p4g , the game is better on every point , honestly . 
  the only thing that you would possibly miss is the fact that you ca n't play on your tv but on the smaller screen of the vita . 
  oh and the regular battle theme is no longer reach out to the truth but time to make history , that 's the only thing that made me a bit sad about switching to p4g . 
  it has already been made once , but it had to be shut down irc ho, 
  oh ok , i did n't know the story , til . 
  still , was it worth a downvote ? 
  my ears are crying ho, 
  personnaly i bought disgaea 4 , but god the game is hard ( at least for me ) . 
  i 'm a big fan of tactical rpgs , like fire emblem games , shin megami tensei games , i mean i have played a ton of t-rpgs that people usually consider hard ; but here , i 'm stuck at chapter 3 and ca n't continue because of the difficulty . 
  maybe i just fucked up with my weapons or something though , but in my opinion the game is really hard . 
  the true end of steins ; gate 0 , i felt like it was the end of a cycle , that a chapter of my gamer life was closed . 
  this vn changed the way i see life , , it really is touching . 
  chacal boiteux , ca se passe de commentaire . 
  he was friendly with the r/megaten though , i think he was a good pr , everyone make mistakes sometimes ... 
  yeah but for people who have not the game yet , it can be interesting to have some free dlcs . 
  thx bby, 
  i 'm not a law fag duh , chaos is the only true way, 
  i do n't have a favorite one , smt games have so much great musics , but the one that gave me an instant eargasm was smt iv 's tokyo theme . 
  i like the `` remake '' of the track in iv a , but i prefer the original one . 
  you have less than a month left to finish the game before the release of p5 !, 
  jk , enjoy the game , it is a really good gaming experience , 
  personally i loved sao : ls and i even platinumed it , but i played it on ps4 , hence i do n't know wether i should buy sao : hr on ps4 or on vita since i have both consoles ... 
  in fact almost every rpgs in europe are in english enven if the cover is in french or whatever language it is . 
  all my j-rpgs have french covers ( p4g , lost dimension , dragon 's crown , hyperdevotion ect ... ) but the games have english texts . 
  scott pilgrim vs the world on the ps3 !, 
  yeah i 'm french too , and i was really lucky to find a physical copy of smt4a , but if in europe they do n't even make dsj physical i 'd be disappointed , but would n't be that surprised . 
  dragon 's crown i guess ? 
  i bought it physical for 13 $ a few months ago . 
  i heard from an uncle who knows a friend who 's cousin works at atlus , that if you beat every tracks in every dificulties , ameno-sagiri unclocks as a playable character . 
  minotaur did 9/11, 
  if you see a game with the stamp atlus on the box , you can insta-buy it . 
  do n't worry , you 'll have a few days in which you 'll be able to do what you want , you are not obligated to activate the 3rd form of the it personas in the end game , hence you 'll be able to max out your sls . 
  and it seems that you are in ng + , then your social abilities should be maxed out , at night go for nanako sl instead of making money , or talking with random people at night . 
  mass doggostruction ho, 
  by the way , just a friendly reminder that we can remote play on pc . 
  i tried p5 on my pc in glorious 30ps with no lags when i could n't play directly on my tv and it works perfectly !, 
  edit : thought it was in 60fps , but it 's not , still a very good stream quality . 
  oh my bad , 
  well , the game was fluid !, 
  yeah sure , follow this link , it will explain you how to do it : ( sony 's website ), 
  just google `` remote play pc '' and you should fine a sony link explaining how to do it , you have to download a software and link your pc and your ps4 just like you do when you want to remote play for the first time on your vita . 
  tbh it 's more a question of internet speed than performances . 
  a pokemon mystery dungeon gameplay like on another perverted game , take my money . 
  i sadly guess that it 's the only way to play borderlands without any flaws on the vita ... 
  i used to listen to persona 4 ost all the time , and now i 'm listening persona 5 ost all the time . 
  the shin megami tensei games have great tunes too in general . 
  space dandy , it 's an anime though . 
  but man it 's just excellent , even the intro is great !, 
  excellents . 
  i see people saying that it is not ok to only have 4 pokemon , but there are some players that prefer small teams !, 
  the first version of the mmorpg dofus . 
  yeah , we would n't imagine there can be that much things in the port . 
  by the way , you can remote play on your pc , in my case it is less laggy than on my vita , you just have to download the software , plug your controller in , and pair up your computer and your ps4 . 
  for a game like skyrim i think it is better to remote play it to a pc . 
  yeah sure . 
  all you have to do is to download the software ( i do n't remember its name ) that allows you to remote play on your pc , just google it , it is a sony certified one , and when your ps4 is connected to your pc , just plug your controller on your pc via the usb ports , you should see the little led on top of the controller turning on . 
  that 's for the remote play , but you can also use it on games like rocket league ( still on pc ) without a problem . 
  if i remember well , you can send back amazon orders without having to explicitly justify why and get refunded , no ? 
  just think about persona 5 , the game was supposed to release in 2014 , and it have been delayed not only once , but a few times , patience , vita friend . 
  yes but you can always make something up to justify the fact that you send back an order : bought the wrong product because you did n't really checked , you found it somewhere else cheaper , it arrived broken , ect ... 
  and yeah you can cancel an order if you have n't receive it yet , but i 'm pretty sure you can with almost every shopping websites . 
  do n't ask why op . 
  every new owners have the honor to see this gif , consider it as your vita island visa , welcome , we hope you enjoy your stay here . 
  steins ; gate was my first visual novel , and i initially bought it with the thought `` eh why not '' , but i ended up really loving it . 
  when you 'll have finish steins ; gate , you can go for steins ; gate 0 , the direct `` sequel '' . 
  we 're no strangers to love . 
  eating classic m&m 's . 
  peanut allergic here . 
  drink a pint of water as soon as your eyes open . 
  the french word : anticonstitutionnellement . 
  a full commitment 's what i 'm thinking of . 
  i just want to tell you how i 'm feeling, 
  never gon na give you up ,, 
  never gon na run around ,, 
  never gon na make you cry ,, 
  terraria , lots of fun in multi , i do n't know if you can play in multi in lan though, 
  not available on the eu store ? 
  still it 's nice to see something like that on the vita , gives the impression that some people cared enough for the system to create such an app !, 
  first time i see anything related to this game , what is it about , worth the shot ? 
  thanks , 
  borderlands 2 is quite laggy , it has some serious frame rate issue . 
  and the game that is so bad that you have to avoid it is tales of hearts r. i know some people like it , but , eventhough i like tales of games , this one was horrible to play . 
  the afternoon i bought it , the evening of the same day , i gave it back to the shop and had my money back . 
  nice try dad !, 
  when someone is cross-eyed . 
  sweden fucking norway . 
  like , litterally .
