  the day i 'll fill up my 8gb card will be in a long long time in the future ... 
  are you sure it 's next week ? 
  here in france i saw criminal girls 2 and valkyrie drive in different shops, 
  i found the nisa-published eu version of dragon 's crown for only 13 $ , was i lucky ? 
  oh that 's lame for you guys , only one more week to go !, 
  i have disgaea 4 , i love to play t-rpg on the hardest difficulty levels , but hey , this game is so hard . 
  ( in my opinion ), 
  if only it could work this way ... 
  hey r/megaten, 
  added too , 
  `` let me f * ck dogs '', 
  did n't expect that from something that is n't even rap . 
  people asking other people what grinds their gears duh, 
  winner of the thread . 
  yeah i 'm trying to do something fun for the event , thanks  !, 
  added too !, 
  minecraft , back in the days . 
  snoop dog , smokes like a factory . 
  just added you , 
  added as well !, 
  gardevoir , a pokemon . 
  rape , theft , buying a windows phone ect ... 
  in every single megaten game . 
  basically every rpg because of spells using mana , money ect ... 
  i know that feel bro . 
  probably , i mean there 's already a war between the 1999 kids and 2000 kids !, 
  i had a 3ds day one . 
  the very first blue model , it worked for a year , died right after the end of the warranty . 
  i was even part of the ambassador program . 
  yes , it 's worse . 
  yes , a few months ago the system worked for a couple of weeks , hence i was able to transfer all the games on my n3ds , but i did n't touch any 3ds for years , i was so upset !, 
  kinda everything . 
  i had a windowsphone for 2 years , man , you just ca n't do anything ( at least at the time ) , the store is empty , the interface is not that great , the storage is okay . 
  now i have an iphone and i know i 'll never buy a windows phone again , it 's like night and day ... 
  the taste . 
  threre 's a lot of adults tho, 
  asking the real question here . 
  it is , but i mean , i think that a lot of people actually wonder if those accounts work !, 
  people are hypocrites, 
  they speak english expecting that you will respond in english fluently . 
  they also forget that when they travel in a country , a famous city like paris , that some people work and live within the city every single day , hence some are not very friendly when they are talked to in a foreign laguange . 
  it kinda looks like a wii u 2.0 , i was expecting a little more from nintendo . 
  have d. trump as a president, 
  there 's no 2 . 
  dragon 's crown physical version for only 12 $ , and dangan ronpa another episode physical version as well for 20 $ !, 
  you sure are lucky ... 
  if it sunny outside , just read a book , but if it 's night , playing a handheld console or simply try to sleep until it 's over, 
  all chests are unique , and girl only ( man boobs are not real boobs ) , while ass , well , everybody has an ass . 
  the joys of the internet . 
  because of reddit duh, 
  predict a shit tons of event and basically become a god . 
  kick-ass . 
  well , this must be the choice of steins gate ; el psy kongroo !, 
  anime is ok , but not weaboos and otakus . 
  mc donald ? 
  or just ask someone in your university ? 
  if you have to you should probably go to r/casualconversation or r/offmychest, 
  priorities done right, 
  pretty accurate, 
  like john titor back in 2000 ? 
  well , it probably would , but there are some events like hurricanes or earthquakes that would happen anyway , the butterfly effect may not occure every time ? 
  it 's a story about a zoophile entering a bar . 
  the doctor, 
  getting spoiled the s7 of the walking dead because of r/all, 
  john titor , a time traveler in 2000 . 
  this guy predicted a few things and explained how his time machine worked , his works are mostly correct , but he disappeared one day without real reasons . 
  was in class and had to stand up , i think that it happened to a lot of guys tho, 
  cup of cereals . 
  the megaten games in general . 
  and so i am , how many years left ? 
  nose bleeding . 
  works every single time . 
  it 's not 9gag . 
  when a post is so old that you ca n't upvote it , or just to find it faster , especially for all the nswf stuff, 
  the fact that a guy aks how a girl is doing , if she had a good day , show interests in what she does , and asking to go out just the two of them . 
  ( i 'm a guy so i know what i 'm saying ), 
  belgian beer is the best . 
  exactly the same . 
  just have to finish this year , and then , college time . 
  added too !, 
  added !, 
  beer duh, 
  left 4 dead 3, 
  not a movie , game of thrones , i understand that people like it , a lot of characters , sub plots and nswf scenes , but i dunno , i did n't really like this show . 
  but at least makes you feel good the time you fap . 
  if you want karma , just go post some nswf stuff and here you go . 
  pokemon , like a lot of kid tho . 
  french , actually there 's a lot of french speaker here on reddit . 
  r/france is a really active subreddit btw . 
  this just means `` remember that you will die ; that you are mortal '', 
  met new people , made new friends . 
  `` life goes on with or without you . '', 
  well , french ; i can speak english fluently , and that 's it . 
  i 'm so bad when it comes to spanish , i 'd rather talk english within spain . 
  `` we 're all trapped in a maze of relationships , life goes on without or without you , i 'm swimming in the sea of the unconscious , i search for your heart , pursuing my true self '', 
  when i have to speak or read english i directly think in english . 
  still , it 's easier to think in your native language . 
  this one time i deleted all my phone contact list . 
  thank god i could back it up . 
  french native speaker here .
