  a = desitination in french, 
  dieu = god in french, 
  translation `` see you on the other side '' or `` you 're going to join god '', 
  haru 's persona , milady , is based on a fictional character created by alexandre dumas , who was french . 
  adieu is used in french as a final goodbye . 
  when you say adieu , it is because you 'll never this one particular person ever again . 
  edit : i 'm french , and in france , you 'll never hear someone say adieu as a `` goodbye see you in a few days '' , we 'd say `` salut '' `` a la prochaine '' whatever , but not `` adieu '' . 
  people sure say adieu ironicly like `` boohoo i got a bad grade , my parents will kill me , adieu my friends '' but almost never seriously, 
  exactly, 
  agreed . 
  source : i 'm french, 
  * baguette intensifies *, 
  just like me for my p4g platinum ... 
  i missed a deadline on my 2nd playthrough , the 3rd one will be on easy as well, 
  did you eat one of the velvet girl 's head by mistake ? 
  p4 manga has some amazing drawings tbh, 
  but ... how ? 
  that 's surprising, 
  reminds me of this one , enventhough it 's probably fake : sand is called so because it is between the sea and the land, 
  i 'd say it 's 50/50 tbh , but i got ta try this lmao, 
  oh intersting , til , 
  actually heard of this one , this one kinda ruined my childhood when i heard about it . 
  they did n't lose an eye during some epic fight ... 
  this one is actually creepy , reminds me of the cock who lived a long time without its head, 
  well , we ca n't blame producers and writers to make up stories , they had to somehow make the pirates interesting , eventhough they really are . 
  pirate books or movies are really entertaining anyway . 
  it might be because it is the begening of the week end ? 
  cabbages  pancakes, 
  adachi did nothing wrong, 
  you do have a point op , it more or less remind of amala , but i do n't think it is completely inspired from it though . 
  ( not often we see a thread talking about the mainline here ), 
  you should begin to take interest for momentos now , the true ebd requires you to complete momentos , avoid doing it in one rush on the final day , the more you have advanced within it , the better . 
  the `` visual-novel-ization '' is due to the huge role that the plot plays in the most recent smt games . 
  nowadays , games without plots do not sell well , and atlus ' first goal is to earn money , it 's a game company ( take p4 milking for instence ) . 
  if persona games , which are vn rpgs sell better , it 's simply because it is heavily story driven , and the only way to make it was the vn aspect . 
  and as long as it is well written and intersting , do we really mind if there 's a lot of text ? 
  as you clear a palace you go deeper , and yeah , you have to clear one more palace , and i wo n't explain you how it works after , you 'll see by yourself , 
  [ this one remains the best of all ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tn_xlsd0yt0 ), 
  who ? 
  i 'm currently finishing desu 2 , daichi route , and i must say that i really loved the game , seeing people 's will to live was really touching . 
  somebody once told me, 
  i do n't plan on stoping !, 
  i 'll talk to you about my thoughts on the game another time then , 
  in japanese you do n't understand what hhe says unless you read the texts , that 's why it is less `` fustrating '', 
  the average p5 player does n't understand japanese though, 
  excuse me if i could n't read within your mind, 
  it 's mara 's phone do n't worry, 
  na i used sukukaja , you know , it 's better when you can hit your enemy, 
  that 's why we all love r/megaten, 
  the lantern is thankful for your comment, 
  thank you ho !, 
  because he is planning his assault on jack frost , 'cause pyro jack is less popular !, 
  ps3 winter 2014, 
  r/churchofchie < 3, 
  seriously though , you could play p3p on ps vita/psp , smt 3 on ps2 , smt 4 on 3ds , they 're all great, 
  op made a pyro jack pin , op is a good op . 
  merci , 
  is it ok if i call my cat after you ? 
  where is almighty persona q ??? 
  scott pilgrim vs the world in bed, 
  double birthday buddy !, 
  theme remains one of my favorite video game ost with gaur plains from xenoblade chronicles . 
  why are we still here ? 
  just to suffer ? 
  i like how morgana is jumping over ryuji 's and akira 's feets, 
  go upload it on mega or some shit to share it with the community , hope we 'll be able to have some fun with it, 
  karma whoring at its finest . 
  ok i 'm in . 
  someone once gave me a free vip pass for a con . 
   student, 
  trying to survive, 
  go to a anime con with a free hugs sign, 
  rewatch that one anime you really __ loved __ as a kid, 
  ** insert triggered feminist here **, 
  language classes all the way . 
  nowadays , we ca n't live without communication with foreign countries . 
  it 's way more important to know how to speak the neighbourgh 's language than knowing what is 182636 * 56:981 ^ 3 equal to, 
  okay . 
  ftfy, 
  ( : looks so wrong to me tbh, 
  learning something new, 
  i think that your opinion is biased by nostalgia op, 
  this deserves more upvote and a gold, 
  twitch plays pokemon, 
  all hail helix !, 
  somebody once told me, 
  try r/trees instead, 
  and charizard ca n't fucking learn fly , i 'm out , i 'm out, 
  if you 're into rpgs go straight for persona 4 golden , the disagaea series , lost dimension , dragon 's crown , and or digimon story cyber sleuth . 
  visual novel side i 'd 110 % recommend steins ; gate and its sequel steins ; gate 0 . 
  and welcome to vita island , 
  but wooper can learn dynamic punch eventhough it does n't have any arms !, 
  where can i pre-order the 1200 $ limited edition ? 
  with its wonderful alternative version - use the sticky retard . 
  did you manage to complete every megaten games ' compendiums though ? 
  looks like he 's coming straight out of animal crossing tbh, 
  pyro jack gon na drain those sun rays baby ho, 
  this style reminds me of the old artworks for the mmorpg dofus ... great work tho !, 
  merci !, 
  you sure have a good friend,
