  most explicit title ever . 
  nothing sony 's psvita related ? 
  always try to complete a palace asap, 
  maybe he had some goho-m in his pockets ? 
  maybe loki had traesto ? 
   my demons are a bit different . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah but smt guys are the best megaten guys because they are mainline, 
  that was the joke joking about the joke, 
  red capote huh ? 
  floof best waifu, 
  it 's 250 * different * lines . 
  hearing three times bonafied monafied only counts for one line . 
  bring more macca next time duh, 
  you mean like a persona version of pokemon showdown ? 
  just like old slavery time actually . 
  bad bot, 
  happy cake day !, 
  floof best girl, 
  great cosplay, 
  great work !, 
  wondering what would desu gangs would look like !, 
  this joke is n't even funny anymore guys, 
  the isabeau one looks nice tbh, 
  you 're not me !, 
  for a moment i thought this was r/persona5 \u00b4 s mascot morgana . 
  p4d in a nutshell, 
  i can totally see that happening, 
  as a european player , i can confirm that atlus sometimes forget that europe has players . 
  the issue here is that atlususa exists , but not atluseu , so i guess it does n't help ... 
  t-hee-s kid has s-ho-me problems in the head . 
  the sub is dead though, 
  no need to apologize , you are the main source of posts here . 
  [ called it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/megaten/comments/6phfv8/persona_news_are_only_a_week_away_what_do_you/dkpcfnl/ ), 
  they already remade them . 
  you imagine nintendo remaking pokemon red/blue eventhough we had pokemon fire red and leaf green ? 
  they would n't . 
  it 's the same with p1 and p2 . 
  p3fes and p4g are not really remakes though ... p3 and p3fes are both on ps2 without any real improvements . 
  persona 1 has a manga adaptation !, 
  it 's just a really old one . 
  still , atlus does n't forget p1 and p2 , they made them playable on psvita eventhough the remakes were made for psp ( eventhough p2-2 is n't available in the west ) and made p5 dlc costumes . 
  golden is 90 % a port of the ps2 version . 
  most of the musics , graphics , animation are the same , the content of the game is almost the same as well . 
  they added two sl , two arcana and a dungeon , it 's not a real remake , it 's just a port with a few things added . 
  they were not obliged to port the psp games to psvita . 
  final fantasy type 0 was a psp game , it has never came out on vita . 
  oh i remember about your project !, 
  it looks great !, 
  hope you 'll be able to post more of your work !, 
  do n't you dare humiliate the great floof, 
  even worst than matador in my opinion . 
  cabbage  pancake, 
  minotaur is hard as hell ( at least it was for me ) because you have to fight him quite early in the game , which means that your team may suck , and your companions do not really help . 
  ( i have to note that iv was my first atlus game ), 
  well , matador is hard , unless you have wind resistance demons or the good magatama . 
  like many others , i had no idea what i needed to beat him , and most of all , i just was n't prepared for him to appear like that , complete surprise . 
  shit and bad quality oc but relevent ... 
  when ? 
  i think i could name all the 386 first pokemon ( gen 1 to 3 ) , most of gen 4 , a few from 5 and 6 , but none from 7 . 
  and i think i can name a decent number of demons , the designs change just do not help ... 
  3 xbox sold a month, 
  the game came out like two years ago , on psvita , p3d and p5d will be on psvita as well ( on ps4 too though ) so there 's no need to remaster a game that has already been released on current gen. 
  [ like kanamin would say , `` one two three dance to the rythm '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5oclkfbpwa ), 
  well ... pokemon red , pokemon rouge in france ... 
  it seems unlikely that they 'll name it persona 5 rouge , at least for me . 
  please make my dream come true . 
  make him dance on a remix of his theme . 
  you can play it through the ps tv if i remember well . 
  the ps vita is very popular in japan though , not as much in the west , but still very popular there ... 
  the vita has good games , a lot of j-rpgs , and is a portable device , just what loves the japanese market . 
  but sony did n't advertised it enough in the west , soooo ... 
  yay or nay ? 
  yeah i know , but using colors seems too pokemon-esque to me . 
  edit : using colors as a name . 
  yeah , i think we all know that actually ... 
  i was talking about putting the color in the name of the game . 
  i never said that they should stop using one prominent color . 
  was it called persona 4 dor\u00e9 ? 
  no it was n't, 
  hey i 'm not upset at all about it . 
  what i said was that using a color to name the rerelease of p5 seemed weird to me , i 'm not upset about it . 
  using a color to name a game makes me think about pokemon , and will probably give the same thought to other poeple as well , that 's why i said it might be unlikely from atlus to name a game that shares a similarity ( within the name ) with a well known game : pokemon . 
  and as a french guy , it 's weird to think that a persona game , could have the same name as a pokemon game . 
  in france we had pok\u00e9mon version rouge and pok\u00e9mon version rouge feu . 
  the thought of a persona game named persona rouge is ( for me ) weird . 
  that 's just my opinion . 
  edit : it 's obvious that they wo n't give up the prominent color idea , i have nothing against it , i 'd bet that the next color will be green or purple . 
  very space dandy-esque , here take my upvote . 
  a smt game taking place in a place like paris , london , toronto or any other big city would be great , it would change . 
  i never set a foot in japan , but i already feel like the day i will , everything will seem familiar . 
  i got clickbaited :(, 
  check this out !, 
  adachi or door-kun dancing to take on me as a dlc . 
  please . 
  we all want to play as fuuka duh, 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  just do it !, 
  it 's a free dlc if i remember well, 
  featuring :,
