  the lantern is jealous, 
  yeah amazon is awesome for anything vita related . 
  must be tough for you ... 
  in france , some shops do have some vita systems and or games , but this was the first time i ever saw such a thing ... 
  if you look at my older posts you 'll see that i 've seen a shop that actually supported the vita , it was really improbable though . 
  i would really like to play virtue 's last reward since it 's a vn i heard a lot of good things from !, 
  i started playing vn with steins ; gate and i 'd like to read some new vns , it 's a new video game genre that i discovered not so long ago and i 'd like to play a little more vns !, 
  nice to see some games giveaway on the sub !, 
  that 's so cool !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll pm in a few minutes !, 
  the desu games can be really hard at some points, 
  looks like we found leafy 's reddit account guys !, 
  you 're right though , making vita games is easier , but the companies will more likely put more money and developpers to create switch games than vita games . 
  do n't mind us , you can continue ho, 
  i think re : zero is overated . 
  annnnnd here comes the downvotes . 
  in my opinion , the best vn for the vita is steins ; gate and its sequel steins ; gate 0 . 
  completed the first one in one week , did n't regret the 20 $ spent . 
  great ost , original visuals , will make you feel even if you are a cold hearted person . 
  it is a great experience . 
  do n't worry , you can post whenever you want , we 'll be happy anyway . 
  i see that you 've followed my advice ho , great art !, 
  what a weird way to spell haru !, 
  obligatory : woah looking cool !, 
  love these lil ' pacman eyes, 
  this joke is n't even funny anymore, 
  it kinda makes sense in a way actually, 
  you think matador is n't scary ? 
  gtfo you weirdo, 
  not on the eu store yet though, 
  i picked up ff7 and ff4 complete edition , still do n't have a sigle regret as well . 
  i have it on my old ps3 as well , it 's a shame that the game is n't available anymore ... 
  i 'd love to play some ad-hoc multiplayer vita games with some of my friends , and when i can we usually play together in ad-hoc , 
  the ost is great , some tracks sure are calming , if not the majority . 
  kaguya and ame-no-uzume are some waifu-esque personas, 
  i suppose you 're in america ? 
  here in europe , at least in france , it 's very hard to find dr pepper cans or bottles ... you sure are very lucky op !, 
  a few years ago i was looking after new rpgs to play on my 3ds , that 's how i found shin megami tensei iv for sale at 10 $ ; i really wanted to play something i did n't know before , and bought the game right away on the e-shop . 
  a few months later , i had beat the game and was looking to play some other game of the serie . 
  that 's how i learned about persona , and bought p4 for the ps2 , i liked it so much that i ended up buying a ps vita only to play p4g . 
  thank you, 
  a lille il y a du laser game , de l'escape game qui sont sympas, 
  i knew haru was the best waifu guys , told ya, 
  water on glasses is the worst tbh, 
  depends on what games you play . 
  when i play dragon quest builders , my battery lasts less time than when i play persona 1 . 
  i was talking about persona 1 , not 4 , eventhough 4 lasts a lot of time too . 
  it just really depends on what you play , a vn will take less battery than a game in which the vita has a lot of textures to load . 
  everyday 's great at your junes !, 
  shin megami tensei iv for the 3ds is great to enter into the smt serie, 
  my top comment is about never gon na give you up , well , looks like it 's going to be a funny retro style porno i guess, 
  help people eventhough you may not know them . 
  if you see someone who is struggling to carry something heavy , it can be nice to help, 
  or you can just say `` hello , do you need some help ? '', 
  , every single person in the street ins ' t a psycopath ? 
  technology as a whole . 
  you pay the people who did the r&d , not the actual product . 
  i think that i do n't even want to know the answer to that tbh, 
  i meant that every single person on earth does n't have 100 % bad intentions . 
  yes , there are some people who are complete dicks , but , come on dude , if we take your idea further , we could say that men and women talk to each other only to have sex later on . 
  they can discuss to each other without only thinking about sex , and so someone can ask for help without the intention to rob people . 
  not a game , but a gaming device . 
  the ps vita , and its dedicated subreddit , r/vita, 
  or you can talk to someone just because why not . 
  and if you are dating someone out of pity , you sure are dishonest toward your bf/gf , which ca n't be considered as a sane relationship anyway . 
  yeah , everybody is out for themselves , it might be true , but if helping someone out may help him/her feel better or other whatever positive feeling , what would prevent you from doing so ? 
  hey , just r/megaten invading the thread , please do n't mind us, 
  when i first played a atlus game ( which was shin megami tensei iv ) , i did n't know that i would never play video games like before . 
  i did n't like makoto , but i sure understand why some people completely love her , the last girl party member is in my opinion the best . 
  that 's it . 
  just do n't play rythm games, 
  the next big color will be either green or purple , that is the one thing we can all be sure about . 
  spooky scary skeleton n ' a qu ' \u00e0 bien se tenir !, 
  the game is far from being done , it 's no surprise that they did n't announce anything , as far as we know the game could never see the day . 
  most likely persona 5 the animation, 
  posted it to both r/persona5 and r/megaten for more karma ... 
  clever . 
  oh no , not really , but every persona ( since 3 ) game has a specific color you 'll find every where within the game . 
  persona 3 was blue, 
  persona 4 was yellow, 
  persona 5 is red, 
  if you think about it , it 's always bright colors or colors that stick out , hence , people usually speculate about the next color which may be green or purple . 
  the color reflect also the theme of the game . 
  i personaly prefered p4 story wise , but god , gameplay wise , p5 is objectively way better . 
  edit : prefering p4 's story does n't mean that i do not like p5 's story . 
  persona games are 100 % independent story wise . 
  there are some funny easter eggs about previous games , but you wo n't even notice them . 
  so it did n't stand for blowjob ? 
  fun fact though, 
  is it shitpost or quality content ? 
  i ca n't even tell . 
  i prefered the characters , and may be nostalgic . 
  anyway , do n't downvote me for this , it 's just my opinion . 
  in p4 , the characters are shown through their shadows almost as soon as you meet them , hence creating some simpathy . 
  i feel like the socials and identity struggles the protags are faced with are really relatable for a 18yo guy like me too . 
  in p5 you have to stick with the protags without really knowing their thoughts and intentions right away , it was like `` ok so this guy right here and me seem to have the same objective , guess we 'll have to stay together and somehow become friends '', 
  plot wise , i like both of them . 
  edit : just to be clear , i am not a p-baby protecting its favorite game, 
  yes but dragon quest does n't take place in a realistic setting,
