  if you tell smt fans that the persona games are not spin-offs ( without ever mentioning the mainline ) , they wo n't be happy . 
  the design come from megaten games . 
  just look for instance at nekomata 's desing in smt4a and in p5 , it 's the same . 
  of course they update the demon 's appearance from time to time . 
  going from point a to point b , from b to d , from d to a , from a to c , from c to b. . . 
  haru , the one and only true waifu . 
  this was the subreddit 's last surprise ... op has reached out to the truth , it will end up in a mass destruction . 
  yosuke was his previous victim , looks like someone is on a row . 
  a river in a dry land . 
  giraffes have horns , she does n't ; i do n't like to jump to conclusions but i 'm pretty sure that we can call this an alien . 
  do n't ever expect something positive from r/megaten, 
  r/megaten joke . 
  you should check this subreddit btw , since it is the mainline shin megami tensei games subreddit . 
  post it on both r/persona5 and r/megaten to have double karma ... 
  clever ... 
  it has already been said , but it is not so common to be able to save whenever you want on a smt game , so save as soon as you lvl up , as soon as you get out of like 5 fights in a row ect ... just save for everything . 
  and do n't forget the ultimate atlus chef d'oeuvre persona q, 
  adachi did nothing wrong . 
  this has gone too far, 
  p4 ending made me cry , as well as the scenes just after the heaven dungeon . 
  it 's not so much grinding though , stick with one team , and level up at least one level per floor and you 'll be good . 
  take several goho-m so that when you get at a new floor you can go back and save in case you die on the said floor . 
  you want tips on what , french , megaten ? 
  why did you dare make fun of the lantern on my old thread ? 
  ok why not lmao, 
  visual novels are always better on a portable device , it makes the story much more `` personal '' when you read it on your very own portable console than reading it on your tv screen . 
  plus on your vita you can read it in the subway or the bus , in your bed or in your sofa ect . . 
  personally i was lucky enough to find it second-handed for 12 $ ( i 'm in france ), 
  you 'll get better answers on r/megaten since most of the people here do n't know enough of the atlus ' artists . 
  tbh i feel like this one is better made than the p4 tribute eventhough i prefer p4 's intro . 
  yeah right ? 
  this looks like totally dope, 
  my demons are a bit different . 
  hey r/megaten, 
  r/megaten ? 
  p1 battle encounter rate is just awful . 
  you ca n't move more than 5 seconds , and if you are lost you take 1hour to go where you are supposed to because of the spawn rate . 
  well , i told you guys that haru is the one and only true waifu duh, 
  futaba 's explaination of a major twist near the end . 
  good thing i will no longer have an iphone but an android within two months . 
  some people want to . 
  never had one particular song you listened several times in a row ? 
  yep , that 's it , akechi is as charismatic as a muk you are right . 
  sakurai ( smash bros. creator ) did say that he was looking forward to p5 release , before it came out , so it 's not impossible to have mc or morgana featuring in the next smash bros. 
  cabbages  pancakes, 
  what 's important with what i said is that it is just an possible , i did n't say that it will come true . 
  ok we go the advantage !, 
  now just do n't lose . 
  i played in normal difficulty and ended the game in 87 hours ... 
  true end and all , did n't rush the game either ... 
  anyway , good job op !, 
  what a weird way to describe haru !, 
  desu 3 or desu games remaster bis confirmed, 
  neutral ending is for the weaks , you are either a law fag or a chaos beast . 
  ca n't be both , ca n't be neutral . 
  i knew that pokemon was a megaten spin-off , i knew it . 
  since you have lost your contracts for you serie , you search shelter within reddit ? 
  atlus games always have great english dub , and for a game like persona , in which you are suposed to relate to the characters , it 's better to hear their voices in a language you naturally understand , for the immersion . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  if you never see it coming enough it will happen eventually . 
  ace detective, 
  i 'm really feeling it !, 
  now it 's ng + time !, 
  glorious persona q ???? 
  i ca n't even say wether this is quality shitpost or not anymore ... 
  for the almighty engrish ofc, 
  featuring dante from dmc , i hope it also comes up with demifiend !, 
  if so , instabuy . 
  it is big enough to put a 17 '' pc in it , just the perfect size tbh, 
  why are we here ? 
  just to suffer !, 
  what do you think this subreddit is for ? 
  animal crossing x smt ?!, 
  good art tho, 
  you know , this cute little game serie in which you happily live with animals that dress with boots , hats , take umbrella when it is raining ect ... 
  i think i should have pay more attention to this little interactions between the characters within mementos , i guess this is a great way to learn more about ann 's background ... ? 
  r/vita would be proud of you, 
  the cake is a lie, 
  yeah this is a good song , but i personally prefer reach out to the truth , i find it catchier . 
  might be because of nostalgia too . 
  i think that it is a big misunderstanding between you and the sub , which is usually full of nice people , i have never seen unfriendly guys here , and it 's always a pleasure to discuss on r/vita . 
  i totally get your point op , but i think that you might have taken things a bit too personally regarding people 's answers . 
  we all know that behind your username there is a real human with feelings , so i do n't think that people were willingly offending you or not taking you seriously . 
  you may have been a bit aggressive too in your answers , and so the guys here reacted , it 's just normal . 
  too bad that you are leaving us with such thoughts . 
  on youtube ... ? 
  i am a shadow , the true shelf . 
  why does nobody want change ? 
  ( you are nobody , op ), 
  did she watch trial of the dragon tho ? 
  that 's why you should make haru your true and only one waifu . 
  happy cake day !, 
  imagine her being reincarnated into a velvet room resident . 
  like , in heaven , her shadow self that we never see , actually turned out to be self conscious or whatever , in a good way , like an angel ( angel ~ heaven ) , and this `` shadow-self '' became a velvet room resident . 
  the concept of persona games sound retarded . 
  take p4 : a transfer student discovers that he can go inside tvs and within them he can summon a spirit that make him able to beat the crap out of people 's social struggles . 
  oh and with his friends they try to solve a case , within the tv world . 
  your argument is n't valid . 
  agidyne this mother fucker . 
  anyone who hee dares slapping my girls ass shall prepare for trouble and make it ho double .
