  my eyes wo n't forget . 
  i got to search after it , if i find it i 'll edit my comment or pm you . 
  does r/all counts ? 
  france : wine . 
  source : i 'm french . 
  fun fact : french fries are not french , they are belgian . 
  when he tells doggo is a good boi, 
  a limited edition poster dedicaced by pewdiepie . 
  i 'm kinda proud of this one . 
  just imagine being rained down with glitter when it actually rains , talk about a curse . 
  the pleasure is all mine dear neighbor !, 
  ( french guy ), 
  you can mute these kind of sounds in p4d , it makes the game far more enjoyable . 
  it is my favorite rythm game of the vita . 
  p4d 's hair physics are totally beter than p5 's . 
  the models ' faces are way better on p4d too eventhough p5 has great graphism . 
  for a second i thought this was legit . 
  you are a terrible person op . 
  `` we 're no stragers to love '', 
  i guess i 'm not in such a bad situation . 
  she sure was done-in . 
  what a weird way to spell naoto . 
  personally , i hate this game , eventhough i like tales of games . 
  i know i 'm part of a minority , but i really did n't like the game , i gave it back to the shop the evening i bought tales of hearts ... 
  god eater , it 's great with friends . 
  do n't worry mate , i 'm with you on this one , naoto is the only one true waifu , people wo n't give her the attention she deserves . 
  this girl is cancer dude , god she is so annoying ... 
  my best friend 's name is lazare . 
  the average lazare is something like 60 years old , we are 18 . 
  pyro jack is ba-hee-o though . 
  do n't worry , i like to live dangerously . 
  are n't we all on this sub ? 
  at least he is not some snow fairy that melts in the sun . 
  gay new rebel fuck, 
  pixie is just useful to dia everybody , such a betch n ' whore . 
  i really loved p5 , but i have to admit that i prefered p4 ( i played both vanilla and golden ) , i think it is in the cast and the way the main characters are presented . 
  in p5 , i felt like i was forced to stick with a big group ( by the end of the 1st dungeon you already have 4 persona users ) , without knowing their background or their intentions/feelings , they just happen to be here . 
  meanwhile in p4 , the group take more time to compose and you really know about the main characters , you see `` everything '' because of their shadows , and seeing the guys feeling awkward create some kind of sympathy . 
  [ spoilers regarding p4 and p5 ] ( #s `` and in my opinion , adachi has much more charisma than akechi . 
  him being the true culprit was n't a surprise , less than adachi at least . '' ), 
  then it also may be because of nostalgia ect . 
  well , looks like this one guy here is n't european . 
  the valentines day event had definetely a connation of that kind , at least with haru . 
  annnd it 's the same with every other persona games tbh . 
  i liked bugs . 
  the lantern is thankful . 
  no , it 's pyro jack . 
  c'mon dude , there 's a unwritten rule that says that it 's not ok to laugh at cosplays . 
  i lol 'd though . 
  this guy right here has read too many doujinshi / fanfic . 
  man , i finished p5 last night as well . 
  it created such a void all of a sudden as well . 
  and do n't worry , p3 and p4 will have the same effects on you . 
  ( tested and approved by myself ), 
  it is correct with shido , but if the game does n't stop right after beating him , there 's a good reason for that . 
  i just could n't stand akechi . 
  please tell me i 'm not the only one ... p4 's true culprit was so much more charismatic . 
  the futaba 250 navi lines achievement is easy to have if you regularly switch persona users during battles ( to hit weaknesses , or just when you run out of sp ) . 
  the trophy fell on my first playthrough ( i have not started ng + yet ) doing this . 
  the girl you should chose is haru without any doubts . 
  the only trophies that scares me for my ng + is reading all books doing the full confidants and the video games , all three on one run . 
  personaly when i first played p4 i had the exact same age as p4 cast as well , and was a transfer student too , knowing nobody . 
  it was fun how i could relate to mc . 
  going back on p3 will be hard at the begining ( graphics , loading times , and most of all : the fact that in battle you only control mc ) , but since you really liked 4 and 5 , there 's no reasons you 'll struggle playing p3 ^ ^, 
  if you are not trolling , you just could have unsubscribe the sub until you finish the game . 
  no google researches either , the same goes for youtube . 
  atlus games usually have a great english dub . 
  in my opinion , adachi is way more charismatic than akechi . 
  adachi has become corrupted because of the world . 
  akechi is a whiny child because he does n't get enough attention eventhough he is well known . 
  get ready to play p4g ( on vita ) or p4 ( on ps2 ) right after !, 
  and even probably play some shin megami tensei games !, 
  do n't go on r/megaten if you have n't finished the game yet , and do n't go on a serious discussion thread like this one . 
  if you did n't want to be spoiled you had to take care . 
  you are not worth of r/megaten , you forgot the almighty pyro jack , aka the lantern . 
  the hee is disappointed ho in you . 
  yeah but it 's people 's responsability to not go on a serious thread like this one if they do n't want to be spoiled . 
  when i was playing p5 i never went on the subreddit . 
  going on a serious thread talking about the great differences of p4/p5 about the characters and the plot , it 's obvious that there will be spoilers . 
  also , the archangel is weak angainst miracle punch and one shot kill ( i guess that the name ) skills . 
  true waifu is haru anyway . 
  and yet you can get critical hits on him , not like palaces rulers, 
  then go kill them , he ca n't summon more than 3 of them if i remember well . 
  i understand , but the serious tag is ( in my opinion ) a warning in itself . 
  i edited my post eitherway . 
  when i discovered that there was a fake igor , all i wanted was igor 's voice p3/p4 version , i was a bit disappointed but in the end it 's not so bad , i mean , it 's a `` new generation '' of persona games , so it is understandable . 
  i finished p5 true end , it 's great and all , one of my favorite games for sure ; but i have to admit that i prefered p4 ( i played both vanilla and golden ) . 
  i 'd say it is because of the cast . 
  in p4 you get to learn a lot of the background of your mates almost instantly , seeing the shadow selves of the cast create sympathy as well . 
  in p5 , you do n't know much of the feelings of the cast until the end in the velvet room ( or you have to max out their social links , and still it does n't answer everything ), 
  still , it may be because of the nostalgia , i do n't know , but i prefered p4 either way , i think it talks more to teenagers ( me included ) thanks to the social and or identity strugles the main characters are faces with . 
  tbh in my opinion the best possible waifu is haru . 
  makoto is kinda overated , or at least people only talk about her . 
  it sure is too bad that his voice has been changed . 
  i mean it was the voice that introduced us to the p3-p4 world ( at least for those like me who began with p3/p4 ) and not hearing it anymore sure is a disappointment . 
  even a bigger one when we discover about the traitor . 
  you ca n't even summon it yourself duh, 
  what you say kinda bother me , because persona is initially a spin-off of the shin megami tensei serie actually . 
  true , but it still is based on the shin megami tensei serie . 
  the personas are demons from smt , the skills ect ...
