  rsona 2 : eternal punishment, 
  we did n't see his death . 
  atlus will certainly make use of this little detail to him come back in a spin-off/sequel or in re-release . 
  tbh she kinda looks like a cosplay crossover between ramona flowers ( from scott pilgrim ) and tae takemi . 
  nice cosplay though . 
  `` gant '' is the french word for glove . 
  sojiro 's caf\u00e9 is named `` le blanc '' , two french words . 
  that 's why op used a french word to say glove . 
  source : i 'm french . 
  also known as :, 
  how to lost 97 % of the population of the subreddit 101, 
  it is , maurice leblanc , who wrote novels about ars\u00e8ne lupin , this guy was french . 
  tbh i first thought this was a doll , not a human, 
   saw op 's post history, 
  ok i kinda think that you like akechi . 
  cabbages  pancakes . 
  what a weird way to spell pyro jack !, 
  and no one slept that night, 
  he has prolly fainted by now, 
  i can sense some alvin and the chipmunks vibe here . 
  i pose masquerade, 
  those are really cool designs !, 
  because karma whoring, 
  `` dad i want it black ! '', 
  adachi did nothing wrong, 
  trish ? 
  more like trash . 
  yes . 
  actually , it is because she is n't the first female confidant you meet , and you meet her at the middle of the game . 
  on the other hand , haru is less popular because you meet her in the last two months of the game , when everything is going quite fast . 
  nice ocs are becoming something rare here , great to see such a good painting here , good job op !, 
  this is total bs , i finished the game , and reading this actually made me laugh, 
  makoto does n't have dark hair in the game tho, 
  who would even cheat on her ? 
  new banner pls . 
  looks like selling bugs and armors did n't pay off well, 
  more like 80 ~ 85 %, 
  funny thing that the fog remix was made by atlus konishi, 
  this man just wants maximum karma ... ca n't blame him, 
  in my opinion , it is the game 's best plot twist . 
  i totaly felt like we had to stick with him since the very begining without getting to know him before , which is too bad . 
  still , it 's a good thing that p5 starts faster than the previous games , but too bad at the same time . 
  best waifu , great cosplay . 
  this cat sure meows a lot, 
  99,9 % of the translation seems correct though . 
  with all the lines , it 's no surprise that there are some mistakes . 
  if you like p4g , you might as well try persona 3 portable too tbh, 
  pixie n1 : do you think demons and humans could live together ? 
  mc : yes, 
  pixie n1 : screw you , weirdo . 
  pixie n2 : do you think demons and humans could live together ? 
  mc : no, 
  pixie n2 : oh i might kill you then !, 
  interesting saga , op !, 
  you may find some shin megami tensei things though ? 
  anyway , this was funny to read , makes me want go to japan even more tbh , good luck for your quest 's next steps !, 
  i have no idea , but honestly , the game is worth the 30 $ eventhough it may seem a bit too much . 
  r/kawakami is the place you should post this, 
  looks like akira 's hand is red ... coincidence ? 
  i did n't like the first dungeon much personally , as a big shin megami tensei player , being babysitted during a good part of the dungeon as if i was a new player was fustrating a lot . 
  is this a new meme ? 
  damn you u/axiom _ days !, 
  u/endlightend saviour of the day , thank you, 
  yes, 
  feat . 
  the f\u00fchrer from the pokemon series . 
  smt x pokemon confirmed, 
  nanako  arcade kid, 
  how dared you reject haru , you cruel man !, 
  and what if arceus could learn how to megidolaon ? 
  what a wonderful world we 'd live in !, 
  why would joker be a gigolo ? 
  i think that playboy fits way better than gigolo ... gigolo is n't very positive, 
  i am pretty sure you are talking about oberon , here is how to fuse him :, 
  you 're welcome , 
  the sub never forgets , if they show up , r/megaten will expect you to eat your hat, 
  where is the featuring dante stamp ? 
  ca n't say that you are a real user unless you have it, 
  it 's not on the front cover , but i guess that it will do, 
  u/jesamoxd * vs * u/simplydad pls, 
  with mothman , let 's make peace ho, 
  m e t a, 
  the first pok\u00e9mon movie , when ash is turned to stone . 
  saddest scene ever seen in a movie as a child . 
  it 's not graphic fan service, 
  he does have a point tbh, 
  but that 's why we all love this sub, 
  booking.yeah !, 
  whoever made this , did an incredible job tbh, 
  never forget :(, 
  if atlus were to sale glue sticks we 'd all buy 'em anyway, 
  this reminds me that , since maurice le blanc was french , there were some french words within some pv , there 's the adieu on haru 's all out attack pic that is french ( dieu = god ) so yeah this is totally french . 
  a few french words also within lines of the game too . 
  wtff are you doing on r/megaten , and on reddit in the first place then / s, 
  `` can i have an autograph pls ? 
  and a photo too if it does n't bother you ? '', 
  what a weird way to spell haru !, 
  i 'm glad that you consider haru as a good choice , futaba is cool too , let 's make peace , this waifu war is devastating . 
  that 's the perfect way of thinking , let 's hope that the other sides make peace too !, 
  igor best waifu < 3,
