  i got into college at 17 . 
  are you saying i was old enough to make life-changing decisions , but not old enough to put a mark on a piece of paper ? 
  junker also wanted european countries to agree to those immigrant quotas , and that 's never gon na happen , so ca n't really take this to the bank either . 
  if greece reaches an agreement in which they 'll go against most promises made to their electorate , and betray their own parliament members like that , i 'm guessing riots and desertions . 
  so i got a question then . 
  we hear all the time left-leaning opposition ( and some government ) parties all over europe promising a new europe , anti-austeritarian europe , a new chapter for the continent and whatnot . 
  meanwhile , the conservatives not only win again in britain , they increase their votes plus get a majority alone , the pp is staying at the top of the polls in spain , the ump is favoured to take power in france with the socialist party being absolutely decimated , and the centre-right coalition in portugal that led the country through the most difficult period in many decades is tied with the biggest opposition party with no clear leader . 
  so where 's that new europe then ? 
   the eu if they were honest should go after the banks , not the greek people . 
  you know that 's irrelevant , yea ? 
  even if they `` went for the banks '' and liquidated all the banks in greece , and use that money to settle debt , they ` ld what , reduce their debt by 10/20 % , whilst leaving their country in pure devastation ? 
  there is no world without banks . 
  everyone needs money , everyone needs loans , `` going after the banks '' is not only ridiculous , is really shortsighted . 
  its like saying `` going after the rich '' . 
  so what ? 
  if you remove all the money from every person who has 100k in their accounts in a poor country like greece , you 'll just create a small dent on your deficit . 
  crisis are fixed by a collective effort , not by going after this or that . 
  ah , and btw . 
   corruption made that debt . 
  sure it did . 
  and hospitals . 
  and public transportation companies . 
  and schools . 
  and public employees . 
  and roads . 
  and the police . 
  and the army . 
  and the fire brigades . 
  and county authorities . 
  and social security . 
  and employement policies . 
  and social benefits . 
  and tv companies . 
  and culture . 
  and the 2004 olympics . 
  and corruption . 
  100 % agreed , bureaucracy is a problem is most of the eu countries , not just greece or portugal , but greece has a special problem with it . 
  despite not explaining all of its structural problems , it is a huge obstacle . 
   reduce spending so reducing spending on a country that has overspent for decades , is bad now ? 
   it means defy democratic mandate to beg for loans . 
  the democratic mandate that greece has to beg for loans , is the same democratic mandate that the rest of europe has to deny a one-way greek money dump . 
  the way some people have been putting this , it 's almost like greece has the only democratically elected government in the eurozone , and all 17 or so other members are run by non-elected dictators . 
   somebody , even the most unlikely govt , must save europe from itself . 
  there are a lot of things , and i mean a lot of things wrong with europe . 
  seriously , a lot . 
  euro bonds should be the norm , eib should be more active , the ecb as well , some regulations are unneeded and others that are are n't implemented yet , the commission should have more power over national budgets , there should be a more federalism system , etc. 
  none of these things will be fixed by greece . 
  you do understand that germany + france make up less than 35 % of eu 's gdp , right ? 
  not saying germany + france are n't pivotal to the eu 's economy , ofcourse they are . 
  but every country 's important , and we should fight to unite all the eu . 
  all countries are different . 
  but the union should n't give in to a hostage taker just because he wants a better deal every 5 years or so . 
  or do you honestly believe that all fears of a brexit are done and wo n't ressurge in 5 to 10 years ? 
  the uk had been a solitary nation for centuries , they think they do n't belong in europe , a sort of british continent if you will . 
  therefore it is only inevitable that they leave the european union . 
  because brits do n't see themselves as european . 
   our national interests diverge quite heavily from most of continental europe ; you 're just making my case stronger . 
  the uk should leave due to the reasons you just mentioned . 
  however , germany and france both put in more than they get out , and neither wants to leave the eu . 
  there are stronger arguments than that . 
  if it takes special treatment and concessions to keep the uk in the eu , then the uk should just leave . 
  its a bandaid that just needs to be ripped off . 
  if the british government decided it no longer wants to follow the rules as everyone else , they should pack up their things and go . 
  the union will not die with a brexit . 
   because norway is collapsing so hard by not being in the eu the opposite can also be said . 
  the eu not only survive , but overcome a brexit . 
  it will not be the end of the eu , nor will it become a 2nd rate market . 
  it still posesses some of the strongest economies in the world , and most uk < -  eu trade would still go on as normal . 
  i will not go as far as to say that a brexit is irrelevant to the eu , but it wo n't be the worst thing in the world . 
  i do n't think scots give two shits about what the uk does , once they 're no longer part of it . 
  and the chances of a yes vote on an independence referendum would skyrocket in the case of a brexit . 
  i thought he meant he ` ld abstain for the goverment emanating from the winning party . 
  neither psoe nor podemos won . 
  yea , fixed it after some research , but i guess the independence is an important issue . 
  for our spanish brothers , a question . 
  how likely is a coalition of let 's say : * pp + c 's + dil + pnv ? 
  or maybe if c 's can convince some of the catalonia parties to join them ? 
  thanks . 
  something i 've always wondered . 
  why the feck is israel a member of uefa ? 
  and if so , why is n't lebanon , syria , jordan or even egypt ? 
   that said , i 'm a bit biased because jpp is one of the figures of `` the right '' that 's cause he 's not from the right . 
  he 's from an old school sort of third way social democrat , many things he can be , not from the right tho . 
  jpp is to the right what obama is to socialists . 
  everyone who is against socialism says he is one , and anyone who is a socialist says he is n't . 
  replace socialism with right . 
  why me ? 
  next stop would be suing malasya airlines for putting their airplane in front of their missile . 
  i 'd rather they ditched the psd , and just stuck with ppd . 
  who cares , most people just ignore it anyways . 
  people are stupid , nothing you can do about it . 
  one tip tho . 
  if you 're responsible and enjoy not being an asshole , sit in your alloted seat . 
  it will make things so much easier for the ticket checker to actually verify your ticket , since they have your info on the little computer , and if you 're not in your seat , they do n't know who you are , and ca n't verify that you actually bought a ticket in the first place . 
  [ mapa ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-gobeiozqbf4/vz0m-gsfhni/aaaaaaabbos/nnfimgevhsw/s1600/screenshot_53.png ), 
  hey guys . 
  i 've got a simple question . 
  lets say greece gets their debt cut to 60 % . 
  other peripheral countries who were interventioned would ask for the same , and get the same treatment . 
  how much would germany lose as a percentage of gdp ?
