  inside a full schengen area member state you do n't need to do that , you just go through . 
  yay , 
  not at all . 
  i agree that the uk will never be fully in the eu , at least not in spirit . 
  they 'll always have a leg in , and a leg out . 
   also we will join the euro when we are ready until then get used to the idea and stop trying to force us into joining it 's that kind of attitude that wants us to leave . 
  i do n't think you guys should join the euro , hence why i think its just a better idea if you guys leave te union . 
  i do n't think this is a half-way situation , you should either be in , or out . 
  i agree , hence why i do n't think you should stay in the union . 
  yes . 
  before you click the downvote button , wait for my explanation . 
  i believe in a federalized europe , in a united states of europe , where all people 's can call themselves european and europe as their nation , not just the continent . 
  the uk will never , ever agree to this . 
  the integration project in the uk will always be met with skepticism , because the uk has stronger nationalist values then other countries , they feel that they would rather get out , than lose their sovereignty . 
  you can attest this by the fact that they 're not a member of the schengen area , they have no intention of bring in the euro , etc. 
  it would appear that anything that can commit europe to a more united stance , they back out . 
  and therefore , i am convinced that it 's either in , or out . 
  you ca n't go halfway , you ca n't say you want to stay today , and leave tomorrow . 
  you either commit , abandon all present and future intentions of leaving and accept more integration and the loss of sovereignty to brussels , or you get out . 
  since i 'm pretty sure the uk will never accept that , i think it should be the same way that the greek crisis should have been solved . 
  you rip the band-aid , you create policy that helps to safeguard the immediate future , be it by business ties with the uk , or debt pardon/economic aid to greece , and in the long run , i 'm sure everyone will be happier . 
  no real news , i 'm not a broker , but if i had to bet , i would say that tomorrow will be no different . 
  there will be some dark days ahead for shareholders in greece , especially bank ones . 
  what it both mix ? 
  what if , lets say , a polititian benefits a certain person by attributing his corporation rights to land ownership for a price way lower than the one it is valued at ? 
  should n't that be for the courts to decide ? 
   people in greece file lawsuits like that often , but the parliament has to vote to allow them since mps have immunity . 
  as a minister , varoufakis also has a second layer of immunity for his time in office , so all that probably wo n't ammount to anything . 
  really ? 
  if he resigned from being an mp , would he still have immunity ? 
  if so , so much for scrutiny . 
  over here , we have a ex-prime minister in jail partially due to some stuff he did in office , allegedly , and he has , rightfully so in my opinion , no immunity whatsoever . 
  so not having a keynesian view on economy makes you illiterate ? 
  let 's hope no one introduces you to friedman or any of his chicago school colleagues . 
  i 'm wondering why everyone in the media eats up his narrative as if it 's brand new , or without fault , sort of if you do n't agree with what he 's saying , you 're an idiot who knows nothing of economy , a soft version of the it 's the economy , stupid narrative . 
  not what i meant . 
  i meant living nobel laureates who disagree with krugman 's theories and/or have opposing theories . 
  i 've been wondering for a while who made krugman the highest economic authority in the universe , that every media outlet shits a brick everytime he speaks into a microphone . . 
  there are many living nobel prize winners who do n't entirely agree with krugman , but no one gives a shit about them . 
   the 200 % estimate is just for syriza 's fuckups during the last 6 months that 's impossible . 
  a country with no market access ca n't increase their debt by 40 billion euros in 6 months . 
  source for that 300 % number ? 
  the imf mentions around 200 % , which i guess will go over , but 300 % is just excessive . 
  plus , i 'm pretty sure that if greece follows through , they 'll get a debt restructuring deal that we can only dream of . 
  well its all in the hands of the greeks . 
  they are the lords of their own destiny . 
  either way they go , it will have some bad consequences . 
  its their choice if they want to go at it alone or not . 
  nothing they choose , either to accept the troika or reject it and leave the euro , will be painful . 
  it is up to them to decide which one hurts less . 
   what 's the gdp/debt-ratio , though ? 
  is n't that what matters the most ? 
   i 've read somewhere ( ca n't remember where , but it was noteworthy at the time ) about the portuguese debt and economists calling for it to be restructured . 
  yea . 
  they have 180 % debt/gdp ratio , we have 130 % . 
  and still , we pay more in interest than greece does . 
  it all depends on european growth , really . 
  we do n't have a syriza/podemos effect here , so the vast majority of people support center/right or center/left parties , so there wo n't be a deep debt restructuring , unless europe does so for other countries as well . 
  it happened a few months ago , when we restructured a bit along with ireland , and we 've also decided to pay off the imf 's share right away . 
   the greek government is not able to pay the interest on the loans currently greece has a higher gdp than portugal does , portugal has less debt but is paying higher interest / debt service . 
  if the greek debt is unsustainable , ours is beyond that . 
  if they reach an agreement where they do n't pay interest while the troika program is in place , i 'm down with that . 
  anything other than that should mean the same treatment for all other eurozone countries . 
  by the contrary , they know exactly what they want . 
  was he in charge of recieving the money at the time ? 
  if he became party leader in 1998 , and the facts happened in 1994 , there must be another connection . 
   his style , both as a journalist and a party leader , is speaking as vague and abstract as possible without proposing anything specific you just described being a good politician . 
  [ hahah ] ( https://oinsurgente.files.wordpress.com/2015/07/tsipras.jpg?w=584 ), 
  i bet you any money that if they ignore finland , finland would leave the euro/eu faster than you can say `` what the hell was that ? '', 
  meh not really the same thing . 
  you had 3 serious bailouts , one of them was a complete banking breakdown , the other one had a gdp drop of 6 % , the other one had a gdp drop of 30 % . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'll be fine without greece . 
  as far as china goes , yea , no doubt , its just a ticking time bomb waiting to explode , and its gon na be a world of hurt . 
  pretty much everyone will be happy with that , in the long run . 
   differences : however tsipras feels ok agreeing to that because he 's expecting the troika to cut away some of the debt . 
  boy he 's gon na be sorely dissapointed then . 
   . which we all know is bs because the low rates and huge extensions make the actual value disappear ( swallowed up by inflation ) . 
  true . 
  but if that 's the case , then there 's no reason for greece to be begging for debt restructuring either . 
  wow 36b ? 
  then why the hell is all this fuss about then ? 
  wow cider is really blowing up . 
  we have it in portugal too , and it 's blowing up this summer . 
  it 's summersby, 
  week after week , we 're getting free lessons on how vague someone can make a predetermined set of letters . 
  it 's like i told my customers i ` ld fix their computers , and if they asked me about what procedures i ` ld take , i ` ld just say ` i 'll use some tools ' . 
  i wo n't describe them , i wo n't show you , i wo n't tell you anything . 
  thanks , that was very accurate , exactly what i was looking for . 
  i agree . 
  germany wo n't accept losing over a dozen points of their gdp ( esm , efsf and bilateral loans ) haircutting the peripheral countries 's debts . 
  because if greece goes , portugal goes , ireland , spain , italy , etc. 
   30-35 % , compared to portugal which only lost 3-5 % of gdp neither of these numbers are correct . 
  greece lost 25 % , portugal lost about 15 % . 
  then again , we finished a 76mm euro program , you guys needed what , over 200mm and a debt haircut ? 
  honestly , i think the solution should be the following . 
  an intermediate program goes into effect , which a strict set of rules that greece has to follow . 
  if greece follows through , and completes all requirements of such a program , they get a debt haircut and a longer program , still with some austerity , but since the debt is gone , it should n't require as much as it does now . 
  granted , greece will be out of the markets for years and years and years , but such is the price you guys decided to pay . 
  however , if greece does not follow through with the reforms of the intermediary program , there will be no further agreements , no debt haircut , and greece leaves the eurozone . 
  well the rest of europe does n't really need an agreement with the same urgency as greece .
