  now adapt that to a lot of countries in europe who have a surplus of public employees and ca n't get rid of them , even if that means having 2 people vacuuming the same school library at the same time , a job 1 person could do alone easily . 
   but even that needs to be said , because unfortunately simplistic theories like `` labour protections cause unemployment '' get swept up in the political debate and become the centerpieces of legislation that seriously impacts people 's lives . 
  is n't the reverse , true ? 
  if i say that regulating job markets increases employent , can you provide concise proof of this ? 
  i can tell you what goes on in my country . 
  we just had a thread on / r/portugal concerning this very subject , which is interesting . 
  it has several reports of people who work in companies that just `` refuse '' to fire people who are terrible at their jobs , mostly due to some form of pity . 
  and even if they want to fire them , they ca n't , due to the legislation proctecting terrible workers . 
  add that to the fact that you ca n't fire public employees who have terrible job reviews year after year , and you can say that regulations are pretty strict here . 
  now , these regulations have been in place for decades , and i do n't need all fingers in my hands to count the number of years where we had full employement , if any . 
  you ca n't really say that regulations create employement , the same way you ca n't say protections destroy employement . 
   the global crisis had nothing to do with `` overspending '' who said it did ? 
  the global crisis was but a trigger that turned on the bomb that decades of overspending in countries like greece and portugal created . 
  other countries were prepared for an event of the sort , they invested money into structural reforms , fomenting investment in productivity , investing public money on primary and secondary segments of the economy . 
  portugal , for instance , has an economy built on services , close to 80 % in fact , which is a sign of an economy who is n't sane . 
  you ca n't export hairdressers , or restaurants , or telecommunications , etc. 
  we should have used the money we got from the eu to increase incentives to factories , agricultural production , fishing , etc. 
  instead , we used it to build the two biggest bridges in the eu , in a country smaller than most us states . 
  as far as the `` right-wing '' kool-aid you mention , its easy to speak of other countries 's details when you do n't live in them . 
  portugal has had a constitution that was created in the revolution 's aftermath , and was considered ( and still is ) almost unanimously to be a left-leaning constitution . 
  you ca n't fire public sector employees , for instance . 
  imagine you work in a public school . 
  if you 're terrible at your job , you get a bad review . 
  if you were a private sector employee , you ` ld be gone . 
  instead , you 're put on courses on the public sector . 
  and the next year , if you get another bad review , you go back to courses . 
  you just ca n't get fired if you 're terrible at your job . 
   let us solve this global recession that has nothing to do with overspending i 'm pretty sure i already debunked these premises . 
  you 're mixing apples and oranges . 
  a short term problem , the debt crisis followed by the euro crisis in europe , exposed a long term problem in some developed countries . 
  as for a welfare state , if you think the welfare state is gone in troika-interventioned countries , you really do n't know what 's going on here . 
  you ca n't get rid of welfare states in europe , this is n't america . 
  even the most right-wing parties in most europe countries are centrists if compared to american politics . 
  the debate in europe is if the welfare state should be huge , or just big . 
  [ then poll numbers are skewed . 
  ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/03/21/poll-shows-47-8-of-greeks-trust-syriza-and-84-want-the-euro/ ) but i can say that about the british ones too . 
  and sering what happened in the general election , where the polls failed hard , not sure if anyone can trust the numbers anymore . 
   that 58 % of syriza supporters actually want to return to the drachma that 's not really true . 
  latest poll shows 84 % of greeks want to stay in the euro . 
  syriza has close to 45-50 % of the popular vote , so we can say that the majority of syriza voters want go stay in the euro . 
  and like i said , 45 % of brits wanting to leave does n't even compare to 16 % of greeks . 
  it 's almost 3 times as many , hence why the backbencher pressure in england . 
  what 's your point ? 
  greek politicians have legitimacy , but the other eu members do n't ? 
  greece 's political reality is simple . 
  siryza has a majority in government , and there are other parties that have said they will vote favourably to any deal that keeps greece in the euro . 
  so internally , politically speaking , greece is fine . 
  the problem comes when outside relations are involved in the equation . 
  greece has a debt and budget problem , which means they need to keep borrowing money . 
  thing is , no one 's gon na give them any money if their ideology is : ` we want your money , we 're gon na pay our own things with it , but we might not want to pay you back ' . 
  then they have to turn to their eu allies . 
  but the left has a weird assumption that the eu is some sort of charity organization , that will dish out money to whoever needs it , no questions asked . 
  the political legitimacy that syriza has to negotiate , is the same that the rest of the eu has to do the same . 
  we 're all elected officials here , there are no dictatorships , the will of the people of the rest of the eu needs to be represented in these negotiations , if we are to give greeks our own money . 
  greece , like many countries in the eu , portugal included , have spent decades spending above their budget on deals that were poorly negotiated with the losing side being the government . 
  if spending cuts is what it takes to get a new loan , not sure if it 's asking too much . 
  the thing is , the financial game did n't start in 2010 , which is where most people think it did . 
  it started decades ago , when many countries joined the eu , got almost free money to invest , made poor decisions in what to do with it , and then when the ground shakes , the economy fell . 
  i think i can explain this . 
  before the election , there were rumours spread in the media about a possibility of a sort of silent coup , where the syriza party would vocally support the euro , but internally fight to withdraw from it , by for example delaying negotiations for the bailout , etc. 
  it 's a simple bait and switch . 
  we promise to say in the euro , but secretly want to leave it . 
  i think that 's where he 's coming from . 
  so you do n't care about being independent or not ? 
  my kind of guy . 
  it has other factors , varoufakis nominated a former pro-austerity socialist mp the imf greek representative , which sparked a strong opposition on the left of syriza 's members . 
  who ` ld have thought a coalition of some 20 extreme leftist parties had quite a few distinguished groups amongst them who have strongly different views ? 
  as someone who votes centre , i have to grin at this whole situation . 
  i just ca n't help it . 
  i also feel sorry for tsipras . 
  i mean , me and him share nothing in ideology , but the way the man is having to coincile the ( extreme ) left views at home with the negotiations with the troika abroad , the man 's gon na go insane . 
  that 's completely unrelated . 
  a minority group of syriza members want out of the euro , but an extremely vast majority of greeks want to stay in the euro . 
  cameron 's backbenchers want out of the eu , because a `` leave eu '' result on the referendum is a strong possibility . 
  the percentage of greeks who want to leave the euro is peanuts compared to the pct of brits who want to leave the eu . 
  it 's somewhat unrelated , but how do the spanish see the galiza situation ? 
  they sort of want to be independent as well . 
  they were n't intending to be moderate , back when this text was released . 
  i guess syriza just does n't have anyone who can speak english , why would they say cristal clear `` we want to withdraw from nato '' in their own english manifesto , if they actually wanted to implode it . 
  we need more english majors in greece , i guess , because clearly the english speakers at syrisa ca n't speak english . 
  either way , they wanted to liberate greece from nato , by leaving it . 
  seems pretty simple to me , whatever spin you wan na put on it , wo n't erase the fact that syriza wanted greece to leave nato . 
  you can just read point 40 here : http://links.org.au/node/2888 why would syriza mistranslate their own manifesto ? 
  makes no god damn sense . 
  how does  `` withdrawal from nato '' mean they do n't want to leave nato ? 
  they were extremely clear in their manifesto , they wish to leave nato , not dismantle it , not implode it , leave it . 
  they mention nato once , with the words `` withdrawal from '' behind it . 
  dude , you 're wrong and disproven by facts , why are you going on with this ? 
  do n't really care , confirms my point either way . 
  you 're wrong . 
  syriza 's manifesto in 2013 included leaving nato . 
  it was only after they realised that they could actually win , that they changed their opinions in this . 
  and i quote :  political resolution of the 1st congress of syriza july 2013  the guidelines of our foreign policy are : support on the republic of cyprus for the settlement of the cypriot problem , respect for international conventions and relevant un resolutions , withdrawal from nato . 
  as for leaving the euro , the same document mentions their slogan `` no sacrifices for the euro '' and also mentions a `` complete reversion of the eurozone architecture '' , so i guess that 's not definitive , but it does n't bode well . 
  you guys should really research your positions and statements before coming on here . 
  i know syriza 's the darling of the left right now , but facts are facts . 
  not really . 
  but i would n't be opposed personally to changing it to 16 if done permanently . 
  kids are growing faster these days . 
  so you 're saying that greece 's situation in 2010 was a mass media invention ?
