[ because of this ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-r8w5ts13sdu/tylvriaoqji/aaaaaaaaa3w/cdsyfcco7x4/s1600/tarde+em+penacova.jpga.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-dqearchxgf4/uylhu7xv7ai/aaaaaaaam9w/j9plrx8bt2m/s1600/penacova.jpgwe ) or [ this ] ( http://omelhordeportugalestaaqui.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/moinhosatalhadapenacova.jpg ) have great views , windmills , interesting rocky formations , a cool dam where sports are done , great access , camping , close to coimbra , it 's great . 
  wait , you 're saying the poor never hated the rich before ? 
   that is completely ludicrous , the very monetary nature of the euro mitigates any large scale capital injection or qe programs portugal could initiate . 
  yes , it would certainly be the first time a euro country would increase deficit , debt and public spending in order to boost the economy . 
  you 're making the mistake that a country ca n't create debt and public spending without qe , which is absolutely ridiculous . 
  i said it before , and i 'll say it again . 
  portugal , according to the previous pm , the one who introduced the troika , recieved orders in ** 2009 ** to increase public spending as a way to counteract the recession . 
  i know , because i lived here , and i know what happened . 
  in 2009 and 2010 , a motorway construction program was launched , a new dam building program was launched , public wages were increased , taxes were lowered , and generally public spending went through the roof . 
  so do n't tell me countries ca n't increase spending on their own without the ecb , that 's ridiculous . 
  i 've come to the conclusion you either do n't really know what you 're talking about , or you 're trying to cling to facts that do n't apply in portugal 's case . 
  portuguese debt was 71 % in 2008 , 83.7 % in 2009 , 94 % in 2010 , and 108 % in 2011 . deficit was -3.8 % in 2008 , -9.8 % in 2009 , -11.2 % in 2010 , and -7.4 % in 2011 . 
  gdp growth 0.2 % in 2008 , -3.0 % in 2009 , 1.9 % in 2010 , and -1.8 % in 2011 . 
  i do n't really know what sources you 're using , because the numbers i just showed you , and that i mentioned in the previous comment , are based on portugal 's statiscal institute , and are therefore 100 % accurate . 
  and by the way :  only source i have come upon says that there was a minor decrease in public spending in 2010 . 
  the way people used to do business in portugal is , when you 're in government , and you wan na build something , you do a ppp , and then you leave the bill to the next government , let me give you an example . 
  several ppp 's were launched in 2009 and 2010 , by a recently elected government . 
  that government , in normal conditions , would run into 2013 ( 4 years between elections , 2009-2013 ) so what did the government do , so that it would n't have to pay the bill right away and create deficit and therefore debt to pay for it ? 
  they made sure that payments for such ppp 's only started in 2014 , the first year that they would be out of power . 
  [ you can see a graph here , explaining what happened . 
  its in portuguese , but it shows yearly spending with ppp 's ] ( https://jmf1957.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/ppps.jpg ) and another graph : [ and whatever source told you that public spending went down in 2010 , is wrong ] ( http://c2.quickcachr.fotos.sapo.pt/i/bb51212c9/13667450_zomp2.jpeg ) that 's yearly variation of public spending , in % , compared to the previous year . 
  so what you might have seen is a deacceleration of the increase of public spending , but still , an increase . 
   perhaps you should try and reread my post . 
  i said enacting such reforms in a recessionary period only hinders economic growth . 
  structural reforms must come at a period which can sustain such austerity . 
  yes , we should go back to 2009 and tell everyone that increasing debt by 10 % a year is ok , because in the future we 'll be able to structurally reform the economy . 
  until then , we 'll increase total debt to a level where interest becomes unpayable . 
  i love that thinking . 
  we have a saying here in portugal that represents that , its `` empurrar com a barriga para a frente '' , which roughly translates to pushing ( things ) with your belly , meaning that you leave it to whoever comes next to actually do the painful stuff . 
  portugal 's expenditures were ridiculously big . 
  that needed to come down . 
  the definition of austerity is reducing spending . 
  it was done , and it needed to be done . 
  you 're making the mistake that by assuming ireland , portugal and greece were under the troika programme , that all countries share the same problems . 
  ireland 's problem was a banking problem , not a budget one . 
  you do n't wan na know the shit that was made here in portugal over 40 years . 
  structural reforms that should have been done when we joined the eu , were postponed indefinately , until it had to be someone from the outside to come in and show us what needed to be done . 
   granted , what do i know , it 's not like the troika has failed to meet all its supposed aims of economic growth its true , they assumed there could be growth when austerity was applied , which was ridiculous . 
  but in no way does it deny that painful adjustements needed to be made . 
  its funny how people want to forget that the opposite of austerity , therefore an increase in public spending to get out of a crisis , was tried in portugal . 
  we , according to our previous pm , recieved instructions from the eu in 2009 all the way to 2011 to increase spending to counter the effects of the crisis . 
  that led to an overall growth of -2.91 % in those 3 years , a debt increase of 25 % over the same period , and ultimately bankruptcy . 
  we tried both strategies to get out of a crisis . 
  public spending , and austerity . 
  only one of those led to the first time since democracy was established in portugal where we had both growth and debt reduction in the same year . 
  tsipras mentioned they 're going to tax contraband of fuel and cigarettes . 
  my guess is that greece 's corleone will just start paying taxes on contraband , cause that 's the right thing to do . 
  if contraband is contraband , my guess is that people actually want to hide it . 
   7-8 billion in tax-evasion cases by the end of the summer . 
  i read somewhere in this sub that court cases take almost a decade to complete in greece . 
  what makes them so sure that they can get this kind of revenue in 4 months ? 
  the best projections show 27 % , do n't know where you 're getting 35 % out of . 
  its amazing how people keep trying to spin that austerity was n't needed in certain countries . 
  you 're saying that : * that 11 % deficits were ok * that a debt increase of over 30 % in just 3 years was ok * that increasing salaries by almost 10 % in a year where productivity fell by 0.5 % was ok * that paying pensions to people who , through the course of their career , contributed just under 50 % of the money they 'll recieve in pensions ( by average ) was ok * that building motorways in ppp 's , where the government stipulates that if x cars wo n't drive on it daily , the private parties get reimbursed , and then due to corruption the x number is so high , that it is constantly not met and the state has to pay , that all of that was ok . * that being constitutionaly prohibited from firing public employees , even if they get bad performance reviews for years and years , is ok . 
  it 's amazing how prople look at their own country and extrapolate as if all other countries have the same problems . 
  if a country is spending too much , you reduce spending . 
  but fuck that shit , we might as well throw money at it , that fixes all problems . 
  i love the causality . 
  you 're attributing growth to the end of the adjustment , which is correct . 
  but you do n't get to say that 's because new austerity was n't implemented . 
  if an economy is based on debt and overbudgeting , you reduce spending . 
  when spending gets to an acceptable level , you stop new austerity measures . 
  the economy has been adjusted , hence it will grow . 
  its irrelevant . 
  all polls , from all angles , show podemos with no more than 27 % . 
  and in real democracies ( joke ) , there are n't any 50 mp bonuses , so they wo n't be able to come even close to a majority . 
  my opinion is that despite a podemos win , which i admit will probably happen , the kill will ask podemos to form a government , they will fail to do so , and then he 'll ask pp , who will ally with a psoe under new leadership , and create a majority in parliament . 
  what happened in greece is unrepeatable anywhere else , since parties with 36 % of votes do n't get majorities outside of `` bonus '' democracies . 
  cool , 
  is the polish word for gold related to the name of their currency ? 
  it 's not even close to being enough . 
  qe just means you pay less for the money you borrow , it does n't stop you from borrowing it . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that the next world crisis will start in china . 
  the eu has 2 choices now . 
  the eu either looks the other way and ignores the obvious signs , or the political power in europe starts preparing reforms to shield itself as much as possible from a potential crisis , especially less strong countries like portugal , greece , ireland , etc. 
  eurobonds , a stronger fiscal and banking union , etc. 
  everyone knows what 's gon na happen next , it has , as you 've shown , happened 2 times before , so getting caught off guard is not an excuse this time . 
  tsipras will get a majority while purging the far left from his party , he will rule alone , with the moderates voting for the memorandum when needed . 
  in my opinion , the biggest winner of these elections , by far , will be abstention . 
  the greeks who were defrauded with syriza have nowhere to vote . 
  right . 
  firing employees based on ( lack of ) merit , when you have too many employees to begin with , sinks countries . 
  jeez why not just order the state to employ everyone , that ` ld get rid of unemployement in a hurry . 
   why should you fire a public employee ? 
  is this rhetorical ? 
  if you have 100 public employees to do the work of 80 , you should just keep the other 20 , because they 're public employees ? 
  the public sector should be run just like a corporation , it employs those that needs to fulfill it 's services , it shouldnt be a repository of fake employment . 
  plus , to explain my point , if you 're let 's say a school worker , and you 're bad at your job , you get a bad review and you 're sent to courses . 
  next year , if you have a bad review again , you get sent to the same courses . 
  this goes on ad nauseum . 
  in a private school , you ` ld be fired for being bad at your job . 
  if you 're a public sector worker , your performance matters nothing . 
  i 'll quote the bible here . 
  it is easier to get a camel through a needle , than to fire a public employee in portugal . 
  ana ( the company ) was doing fine before it was privatized . 
  it is doing fine now . 
  it is ? 
  our airport management company was sold last year , they not only kept their employees , they stroke a deal with the unions that increased salaries . 
  well it is different . 
  i went to london a few years ago , i needed to get through a checkpoint , where they checked my id , and put my id into a reader , which i imagine would show my record on the computer .
