  furthermore , you 're pretty much insinuating that europe is fine with putin invading another country which so happened to have a revolution months prior , with an extremely pro-western government taking power , signing treaties with europe , and therefore is only doing santions because other countries are , which is of course ridiculous and insulting to everyone in europe who thinks that unprovoked wars are unjustified . 
   yeas russia is not the best place to be politically active but you will agree most russians support putin and his policy 's so who are we to interfere with our judgement while france extends military ties with saudi arabia and you only have to look to the third generation of the bush family running for president to see it 's not that different in the west either i believe nepotism is bad . 
  but i believe assassinating political opponents is worse . 
  in america ( could have said any country in the eu , but you mentioned bush ) , you do n't go to jail for being gay . 
  let us not forget hitler won democratic elections , so the people 's opinion on their leaders does n't erase their acts when in power . 
  you think the usa are our primary economic rivals ? 
  the usa are n't our rivals in anything . 
  its china we need to worry about . 
  russia has made it pretty clear they are interested in a second version of the cold war , and they always had good ties with china , much better than with the west . 
  europe has nothing to gain with an alliance with russia . 
   where it 's red lines are regarding ukraine and further nato expansion so if russians agree with putin it makes him a legitimate leader , but if the people in european states that want nato membership and are close geographically to russia , the will of the people ca n't happen there because a 3rd party leader does n't like it ? 
  sorry , i meant west ukraine . 
  not east . 
  and statistical history shows us that in ukranian elections past , western ukraine voted for pro-western parties . 
  central ukraine , despite to a less extent of western ukraine , has voted for pro- western candidates for a while now . 
   calling putin a dictator he is n't ? 
  having opponents killed , staying in power ad eternum , locking up anything that might hurt his power , etc. 
  if these are n't signs of a dictator , what is then ? 
   i do n't think they understand that they will fail and this attempt will only make syriza stronger in the end . 
  if it drives them out of the euro , i think we can all be pretty satisfied with it . 
  and before we go at the `` portugal is going next '' arguement , so be it . 
  greece has no access to markets , whatever happens wo n't change that . 
  they will eventually need another world record setting haircut , and portugal will demand the same if market pressure gets too high , regardless of if we leave the eurozone or not . 
   the creditors are giving the greek government less than a week not only to accept their demands , but to write and pass the major pieces of legislation required to implement them . 
  the bailout ends on the 30th . 
  this has been known for years now . 
  you ca n't really act surprised . 
  because europe ca n't think on its own , yea ? 
  because dictators , even those in your backyard , should be tolerated , just because we have ties with them . 
  what about our ukranian neighbours ? 
  most of them in east ukraine want to be an eu member , and short of starting a war with russia , this is pretty much we can do . 
  you can not possibly be serious . 
  we lost practically nothing with the santions that russia put on the eu , or the eu on russia , we could n't care less if we have strong relations with russia or not . 
  our % of exports to russia a few months ago was 0.3 % of all exports . 
  we really , really do n't need russia for anything right now . 
  you trying to argue otherwise is just trying to make an apology so that when greece quits the euro , they can get funding from russia and create a sympathetic view from the rest of europe . 
  i have no idea why people ( reddit and left of political spectrum , mostly ) want to deny the fact that tsipras went to visit putin 2 times in 3 months , as being relevant . 
  i guess it 's not relevant either that [ tsipras opposes the eu sanctions ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-03-31/greece-pulls-support-from-russian-sanctions-tsipras-tells-tass ) , and is closing 2mm trade deals with russia while the rest of europe is sanctioning them over a war they provoked that already killed thousands and displaced millions . 
  i guess reddit just does n't know shit about external relations . 
   estonia , latvia : nobody 's cozying up to russia . 
  that 's the fevered imaginings of r/europe . 
  this sentence is as credible as anything that muhammad al-sahhaf said . 
   unemployment benefits : nah , not really . 
  you have to be registed as having been employed for some time to be eligible for unemployment benefits , they exist then , and that rule applies everywhere where there are unemployed benefits . 
  you need to be employed for a while , to get them . 
   huge pension system : it 's only huge it is huge then . 
   tourism ( main money maker ) never said main . 
  said one of the main . 
  and of course its an advantage to have tourism as a money maker , tourism is an excellent string of revenue . 
   strong welfare state when the article compares greece to post-ww2 germany , i think we can safely say that greece 's social state is strong . 
  and do n't do the greek only lady thing , its not like its an isolated thing . 
   because every single cornercase of the greek economy has been scrutinised for the last 5 years . 
  would you rather they had n't been scrutinised ? 
  [ greece does n't have unemployment benefits ? 
  ] ( http://www.oaed.gr/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=618&amp;itemid=616&amp;lang=en ) [ or a huge pension system ? ], 
  ( http://media.skynews.com/media/images/generated/2015/6/19/399947/default/v1/greece-pensions-gh-graph-1-1600x900.jpg ) [ or tourism as one of its main money makers ? ], 
  ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-02-25/greek-tourism-set-for-another-record-year-industry-body-says ) [ or a strong welfare state , where unmarried daughters of public employees get a pension for being just that ? 
  ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2013/09/09/samaras-to-force-35k-unamarried-daughters-to-get-married-as-he-cuts-their-pensions/ ) none of what i said is in any way wrong . 
  a completely destroyed country , with no young men , a lot of injured people , no jobs , factores destroyed , no health , schools , an economy in shambles , all in all , a country that could n't feed it 's people without help . 
  then there 's greece . 
  unemployment benefits , a huge pension system , booming tourism , a strong welfare state , etc. 
  how can anyone even compare both situations ? 
  it should n't hinder protests anyway . 
  if people want to rally , let them . 
  you might agree or dissagree , but we should n't limit manifestations based on their agenda . 
  fine , i get it , you do n't like banks . 
  where do you turn when you need to borrow money for your business , then ? 
  europe is n't reddit . 
  the greeks are expecting to stay in the euro , regardless of conditions . 
  germans and other people from the north are tired of throwing money into incompetent countries who ca n't run themselves . 
  they wo n't allow greece to get away with an unconditional loan just because of the people . 
  a social-democracy in a post-crisis europe is n't exactly the paradigm that is established . 
  social-democracies are for times of growth . 
  when you have money falling from trees , you can afford a strong social state . 
  and i have a lot , and i mean a lot of trouble calling a coalition of maoists , trotskists , marxist-leninists amonsgst many other ideologies social-democrats . 
  there might be some in there , but not as many as real leftists . 
   no , i personally would not . 
  it was obviously an exageration . 
  the average nordic or german might . 
  they do n't want greeks taking their money in exchange for nothing . 
  you 're looking at it in a wrong way , you ca n't throw money at a problem and expect it to fix itself . 
  they have to present and accomplish a series of tasks before we give them the money . 
  make them not pay interest for 2 years , in exchange for a bunch of reforms . 
  if they pull through , and do 100 % of the reforms that were agreed , then think about a debt pardon . 
  greeks have shown , since before they join the eurozone that they will cook the books ( lie ) to get their way . 
  why would anyone trust them ? 
   thus not only are they banned from doing much on their own , they themselves do n't agree entirely ideologically with what they are being asked to do . 
  you make very strong and logical points . 
  greeks absolutely want , by a vast majority , to stay in the euro . 
  this government will not give them that , since their ideal of an economic system is not compatible with the current eu and euro ideals . 
  they live in their own world . 
  granted , its their own , they have their own rules , unfortunately , those are n't available to them inside the euro . 
  now , greeks have two choices . 
  stay with their current goverment and accept that they do n't belong in the eurozone , or stay in the eurozone , and accept that they will get more austerity . 
  in the end its a mattery of ideology . 
  syriza is always going to be in conflict with the eu , because their system does n't work here . 
  fuck that . 
  if we 're foregoing all debt , then i want my debt gone too . 
  the worst is behind us , growing above the eu average , employment is also growing above the eu average , we sucked it up and did what the troika wanted us to do . 
  but if they 're gon na give the greeks lots of money for nothing ( get real , they 're not gon na implement shit , no country would just say `` ok , give us the money , we 'll do this and that '' and then actually do it , once they have the money at hand ) , we want lots of money too .
