  meanwhile , every person north of italy would riot . 
   while might be right in some technical way in my opinion is just really not relevant when you look at long term data . 
  long term data matters most if we like to discuss the past . 
  every recession must have an end , and having almost a full year of growth categorizes it as the end of the recession the swept greece for years . 
  they 're back on it now . 
   dude you built your argument criticizing syriza on the fact that their coming to power caused recession . 
  i did not . 
  you said i did , but i noted that syriza 's arrive on power coincided with a turn into recession . 
  i made no acessment that the two are related . 
  you can spout all the claims you want , does n't negate the fact that you are , once again , wrong . 
  not at all , critical thinking is key to interpreting ideology , and i do n't always agree with the right on some internal issues . 
  however , do i believe we should cut back on teachers due to portugal having the lowest numbers of students per teacher ? 
  you bet your sweet ass i do . 
  on a country with massive overspending , more overspending is n't going to fix anything . 
  we had that in 2009-2010 , and ended up with an 11 % deficit , an anastronomical hike in debt and a recession . 
   yes , you do n't imply anything . 
  stop playing dumb . 
  you put on the table you want to show what you want and call it facts . 
  it is implying . 
  i simply have read it out for you . 
  dude that 's just you saying whatever comes out of your mouth . 
  i said no such thing , so your own words do n't bind me . 
   i never said that and now you try ad absurdum because i pointed out that `` rules '' you refer to are arbitrary ? 
  pointing out the absurdity of economic statistics is the same thing as saying that grammar is absurd . 
  statistics determine that a country with 2 consecutive trimesters of negative growth means such country is officially in a recession . 
  now , you can either accept that , or keep being ignorant . 
  [ the technical indicator of a recession is two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth as measured by a country 's gross domestic product ( gdp )  ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/recession.asp ) fuck me people on reddit who think they know everything really ca n't be humble enough to aknowledge when they 're wrong . 
  ca n't say that i have . 
  but then again , i do lower my chances by staying off the middle of the road . 
  so you 're saying outside parties are purposefully throwing greece into a recession for political reasons ? 
  i can conclude from this that syriza has nothing what so ever to say about running their own country . 
  just shows them as being amateurs , if that 's the case . 
   ahh the famous rules of economy . 
  it 's totally arbitrary and you know it . 
  yea , universe is chaos , nothing matters , we 're all pawns in a bigger game , no rules exist , anarchy 4eva , we get it . 
  economists and statistic analysts have nothing on random dudes from reddit . 
   because for 9 months after 4 years of deep recession they had small growth ? 
  growth is growth . 
  it could come after a 50pc drop in gdp , its still growth . 
   -0,4 and -0,2 are so small values that this can be attributed to a pigeon fart during some stock market day but you want to conclude from it it 's recession caused by syriza ? 
  again , putting words in my mouth . 
  never said it was because of syriza , it happened after syriza 's rise to power . 
  all of these are facts , unless we live in a parallel universe where syriza did n't come to power in january , and the country did n't fall into negative growth starting then . 
  but the way you want to wash away the instability that syriza 's government has caused in the last few months [ having impact on the economy , makes me prowd for our future . ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/15/us-eurozone-greece-deposits-iduskbn0ov1wl20150615 ) . 
  the best case of `` move along , nothing to see here '' i 've ever seen . 
  0.8 +0.3 +0.7 but i love your logic . 
  an inversion of a cycle is just an irrelevant interval between 2 parts of the same cycle . 
  this recession is a new one , because the rules of economy dictate its a new one . 
  no one claimed its the `` end of crisis '' . 
  i claimed greece was on a growth trajectory , and that was shattered during this government 's reign . 
  facts are facts . 
  [ they were growing before this government took over , its no secret . 
  ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/og.png?url=/greece/gdp-growth?embed ) an official recession is called when there are 2 consecutive trimesters with negative growth . 
  not saying it did n't . 
  i 'm saying it will probably miss it this year . 
  and i did n't neglect the arguments you put forward , if i did n't mention them , then i agree with them . 
  most predominantly , the one about greece should n't have been allowed to join the euro , but hey , having their books cooked by goldman sachs is n't for everyone . 
  you mean the country that was growing steadily and has now declined into a recession , and who 's minister of finance takes recording devices into eurozone meeting and then brags to the newspapers about recording such events , and the same minister that had to be removed from the negotiations because the prime minister was being outshines by him , besides the incompetent job he was doing , classified by many other eu partners are being `` an amateur '' ? 
  that sounds professional . 
  [ not banks , not anymore . 
  a greek default would have little to no impact on the banking system ] ( http://www.bruegel.org/fileadmin/bruegel_files/blog/silvia_2.png ) it would however impact many european states . 
   that at present greece has in fact a primary budget surplus and most troika money is used to pay interest , that the interest they are paying is much higher than 1 % , that they are now facing european deflation , that they were left out of the ecb qe program . 
  not entirely true . 
  greece has entered into a recession under the new government , and is going to most likely miss the target of a primary surplus , and they 're missing the qe program because of their own problems , not because the ecb does n't want to help . 
  and do n't give me the jibber jabber about debt interest , we have the same discussion here , eith the concept of illegitimate debt . 
  well , if you wanted to have nice and shiny new hospitals , schools and colleges , and pay doctors teachers and public sector employees , and you do n't have the money for it , you need to borrow , and if you borrow money to build up your country , you do n't have the right to just cancel that contract if you stopped enjoying it . 
  i went there last month , it is a nice place, 
  why is pontevedra the province capital , if vigo is not just bigger , but more relevant , economically and socially speaking ? 
   then we should n't have started a monetary union with them . 
  ah , captain hindsight , we missed you . 
  pikketty and stiglitz again ? 
  i 'm surprised you did n't include krugman . 
  we get it , they 're keynesians . 
  not everyone is . 
  you could find a million economists telling you austerity is the way to go , and another million telling you the contrary . 
  does n't make what anyone of them says letter of law . 
  so you saying you do n't have any ? 
   austerity has not failed as badly their this again ? 
  we implemented austerity in a country with a deficit of over 11 points when this government arrived . 
  we are now growing above the eu average , and are borrowing from the markets with negative interest , and even before the qe we were borrowing with record low interest as well . 
  if the objective of austerity in portugal was to resume market financing , it obviously succeeded . 
  if it was to reduce spending and balance budgets , it worked as well . 
  where did it fail ? 
  some people believe it failed because unemployment went up and people are poorer . 
  shockingly , lack of investment does that . 
  that 's why it 's austerity . 
  going into austerity measures expecting economic growth , public investment and employment is the same as going into shellfish restaurant and expect to be served by the kraken . 
  wow , that 's brave . 
  if america goes back into a recession , and the chinese banking bubble explodes , the world 's gon na be f * cked . 
  what ? 
  are you saying a democratically elected government does n't want to give in to another democratically elected government 's demands ? 
  and this shocks you ? 
   we wish we had a government with so much backbone and will . 
  so the greeks have backbone and will . 
  but germany , who 's ( rightfully ) standing their ground in the negotiations , do n't have any ? 
  you 're funny . 
   tbtf obviously . 
  the american debate over this is nice and cute , but you ca n't really expect banks , who are the primary role in financing whichever country 's economy , are expected to just fail and immediately shink a country 's gdp by a substancial margin . 
  the tbtf debate is bullshit , because reddit only cares about making the richer poorer , they do n't give two shits about how banks finance economies . 
  as long as joe millionaire stops existing , they 're happy .
