  only one of the sides here has it all on the line . 
  why would you ask a hairdresser her opinion on complicated financial matters ? 
  there 's a reason why most constitutions in europe forbid governments from calling referendums on fiscal issues . 
  agreeing to reforms , and putting them into practice ate two very different things . 
  for example , the imf came out with a report a few weeks ago that mentioned portugal as only having achieved 1/3rd of the reforms in the memorandum . 
  i 'll bet you any money greece is in the same boat . 
  of course . 
  greece is the homeland of democracy , so we can have referendums on anything . 
  that 's so wrong . 
  the 2nd bailout has record low interest , much lower than the ones we got in portugal , and still lower than the ones we got right now . 
  they have a much higher debt than we do , but they pay less interest than us . 
  and treaty obligations means we have to lend them the money , its the cost of being on an monetary union . 
  the same cost that greece does n't seem to want to pay . 
  i want a referendum in all eurozone countries asking if we should throw money at greece without no guarantees of getting it back . 
  thing is , can you be in the euro , and not the eu ? 
  well all polls show no as the winner . 
  now the eurogroup should finally gets some balls and refuse any agreement with greece . 
  if they do n't , they 'll just look weak , it would make no sense negotiating cuts and then just giving in out of the blue because of a change in conditions of the other side of the table . 
  whatever happens , this referendum is based on an agreement that has been off the table since wednesday , and greece needs a 3rd bailout . 
  if they do n't want to concede , with the rightful legitimacy to do so , then we should n't have to concede either . 
  the right they have to refuse more measures is the same right we have not to throw endless bags of money into a bottomless pit called greece . 
  you understand that a monetary union would only impact that , if the textiles came from another euro country , yes ? 
  there still is a money exchange , it 's between euro and yuan , instead of lira and yuan . 
  ah dude i 'm done with this . 
  i ca n't put up with this conspiracy theory shit . 
  reailty does n't support my rethoric , i better establish some fucked up theory that will . 
  everyone lies , except for me and those who agree with me . 
  [ sources are extremely easy to find ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-gdp-growth.png?s=gkgnvqq ) [ greece 's own statistics authority ] ( http://www.statistics.gr/portal/page/portal/esye/bucket/a0704/pressreleases/a0704_sel84_dt_qq_01_2015_01_p_en.pdf ) proves it . 
   after it was proven that the numbers were false ? 
  right . 
  as false as 25 % unemployment . 
  you can choose to deny reality , it 's your own problem , but facts are facts . 
  greece had growth in january . 
  so be it , it 's their choice . 
  if they want austerity , they get to do it inside the euro , inside a controlled environment . 
  if they want insolvency , it 's their own god damn problem . 
  as long as it does n't cost me , i really stopped caring about it . 
  i get the sarcasm , but what they 're doing is `` oh look at me , i 'm stabbing a sword into my own heart so that you feel pain '' they 're overestimating the level of fucks that europe still has to give for greece . 
  were was this , athens ? 
  this far ? 
  the only person that can say that with a straight face would be a 6 month comatose patient . 
  there are facts you ca n't really ignore , samaras left government with a surplus and growth . 
  where has that gone ? 
  the opposite can be said too . 
  would you vote no on an agreement that nobody knows the details and no one agreed to ? 
  that 's why it 's a referendum on the euro , for greece . 
  let me be honest , if the no wins , there 's no way greece wo n't have to print new coin 2 or 3 weeks from today . 
  greece has no market access , no financial aid when the 30th of june expires , and a deficit . 
  so that means that they either come across a golden treasure under the sea , or they have to print coin . 
  since they ca n't print euros , they have to print something else . 
  sure , tsipras does n't want you to know this , because it wo n't suit his `` we want the euro '' rethoric , but everyone knows that this is an implicit euro in or out referendum . 
   forcing greece to leave the euro would be a political suicide . 
  politics 101 . 
  if you ca n't beat them , tell everyone else they 're the bad guys . 
  he 's rallying everyone he can against the troika , because he knows he ca n't win a negotiation , so he rather have everyone think he tried really hard , and then be able to claim its their fault for not getting a deal . 
  either way , it 's forseeable that whichever way the vote goes , syriza is going to go down a really , really bad place . 
  if the vote goes no , then syriza will continue to rule a devastated moneyless country that will be argentina 2.0 , and there will be riots on the streets when people do n't have enough money for food if the vote goes yes , then tsipras will immediately resign , because he ca n't enforce a deal he does n't agree with , plus he would n't have any external credibility anymore . 
  either way , like pilate , tsipras washes his hands from all this . 
  not a doubt in my mind . 
  2 weeks from now , greece will no longer be in the eurozone . 
  we 're looking at a long con here . 
  a great number of syriza supporters always wanted to leave the euro , and they 're days away from achieving their goal . 
  it was indeed the perfect plan . 
  agreed . 
  and i have a strong feeling that the eurozone will fight hard to keep the euro alive , even if it means assisting recovering countries if things go bad for them due to the greek exit . 
  plus , it 's easy to sell at home , it 's one thing having a crisis because of decades of overspending , but it 's another to have a crisis because of another country going bust . 
  well yes , but you were unclear . 
  i believe there will be a crisis in greece , but i doubt it will affect the rest of the eurozone to the same extent . 
   well , we know that there will be an immediate and large scale economic crisis . 
  we do ? 
  that 's some rampant speculation tight there ... 
  true , but if he knows a better deal is impossible , and since he 's dropping the referendum bomb i believe he does , he 's purposefully misleading the people , by giving them a choice they do n't actually have . 
  can we ( anyone else outside greece ) get a referendum that asks us if we want to throw more money at greece without guarantees of getting paid back ? 
  there is n't any home banking in greece ? 
   they are acting should have ended it there . 
  they do n't want this , no one wants this . 
  but he has nothing to lose . 
  if the people say no , then he can wipe his hands clean when greece leaves the euro , beacuse it was the `` implicit will of the people '' . 
  if they people say yes , then his power struggle within syriza will end , and he has an obligation to accept the deal , because the people told him so . 
  either way , if he ca n't govern alone , then he ca n't govern . 
  its not the imf 's job to keep the eurozone alive . 
  make a circle with chalk on the ground , and sell it as a future teleportation spot . 
   i believe promoting the lifestyle in a way that could be deemed influential to minors is illegal but you do n't go to jail for being gay yea , let 's run a scenario here . 
  you gather your family and friends and their kids over for some party , everyone 's having fun , at some point in time you say `` i 'm gay '' and someone rats you out for saying it in front of kids . 
  that wo n't land you in prision in russia . 
  right . 
  you know what , you should go try it out , and let me know what happens to you . 
  seriously , you should do it , and tell your story to the world . 
   any number of motives for that killing  perhaps it was a kremlin inspired killing but why do it there in broad daylight , do you ever think it would be a great way for opponents of putin to cast him in a dark light after all `` who else would have done is '' is the obvious narrative being parroted as a result . 
  coincidences , coincidences everywhere . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the leader of russian opposition , assassinated hours after saying that he feared for his life , died hours later from a coincidence . 
  putin even went as far as saying he ` ld head the investigations , you got ta love his balls , almost like he 's feeding on western hate . 
  unfortunately , that hatred is easily justified . 
   no they have not , they have constantly stated the opposite yea . 
  an ex-kgb agent who is actively expanding his country and upping rethoric against the west , is surely not interested in an political and military state of tension . 
   actually we have lots to gain , a stable supply of petrocarbons in a time of peak oil and declining local supply being the primary one . 
  well , [ energy consumption has been going down ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/thumb/c/c3/gross_inland_consumption_of_energy%2c_1990%e2%80%932013_%28million_tonnes_of_oil_equivalent%29_yb15.png/800px-gross_inland_consumption_of_energy%2c_1990%e2%80%932013_%28million_tonnes_of_oil_equivalent%29_yb15.png ) all over europe , and there are a lot of other sources that are more than willing to sell us oil . 
   you are equating half of ukraine with all of ukraine i am most certainly not , and i have no idea where that even came from . 
  saying the western ukraine and perhaps center ukraine are more pro-european than pro-russian is just a fact that can be determined easily by the positions of elected officials . 
  and i 'm sorry , i do n't really agree with the whole `` europe is a sort of retarded cousin of the usa that does what its told '' .
