remove closed kebap from premises !, 
  we ca n't trust the french !, 
  better stop eating baguette . 
  what 's a good but reasonably priced cider ? 
  i drank a lot of kingswood cider when i was in the czech republic and i want to try some other ciders , but i have no idea what to buy . 
  i have to order it and amazon only carrys strongbow . 
  i do n't remember much . 
  i only remember the cliffs and the penguin . 
   helgoland i went there as a kid and the red cliffs are really awesome . 
  my brother and i got a plush penguin from a gift shop there . 
  niederwerrn , germany : http://i.imgur.com/gaxrluu.jpg nothing special , just my grandmas tomatoes and raspberry bushes in the picture basically . 
  they 're not really a marketing company , they 're an advertising company . 
  difference is , marketing is inventing the ad and advertising is posting it or something like that . 
  i think i 'll visit norway , just to be driven in a tesla . 
  i 've never even seen one up close . 
  i grew up in an extremely religious environment and my mother still gives me shit for not believing in god . 
  that 's why i kind of envy people who had a choice , because i was forced into it as a kid and only as an adult slowly realized that i was n't really religious . 
  i like this . 
  nobody forced them to be atheist and nobody forced them to believe in a religion and they chose atheism . 
  even though i 'm not 100 % atheistic , i think that is how it should be . 
  people choosing their believes on their own . 
  i like european empire . 
  i think cod2 was the last one with a really good single player mode . 
  that 's because nobody really knows swedish grammar . 
  i did n't say anything !, 
  yeah , but smart people could just preorder it and have it delivered on launch day . 
  if they have the time to be at the store when it opens they should also have the time to stay at home when it will be delivered . 
  i do n't understand these people at all . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  i do n't give a shit about people seeing the outside of my house . 
  i give many shits about people reading my email and other non public communication that i use . 
  how do i do that ? 
  it just stopped syncing . 
  i 'll try it again now , and see if it 'll keep working this time . 
  it seems that this zoom behavior was added to firefox itself . 
  when i installed nosquint years ago , firefox did not zoom images , but only text and the zoom would be set for all websites and not only for specific websites . 
  i still use a firefox profile that has been created 7 years ago . 
  firefox sync always stops working for me . 
  i have set it up multiple times , but it always just stops syncing after a couple of days . 
  i need my passwords accessible in a website and on my phone and lastpass is great for that . 
  i 'm often in situations where i 'm not at my own computer and ca n't just use firefox sync . 
  download helper got pretty useless , that 's true . 
  i could remove it . 
  nosquint saves the zoom level per site . 
  firefox does n't do that . 
  it also has other interesting features . 
  cloud to butt is the best addon ever . 
  it replaces `` the cloud '' on any website with `` my butt '' . 
  i have a buttload . 
  i still use firefox , because there are still some addons that are n't available on chrome that i really want to use . 
  funnily enough , there are also some addons for chrome now that are n't available on firefox ( without alternatives ) . 
  i think he 's a spy !, 
  yes . 
  thanks . 
  no they did n't . 
  they now just throttle to 2mbit instead of the ridiculous 384kbit they said they wanted to implement . 
  i think they were planning to do it that way all along . 
  ( first shock costumers , then `` cave in '' but still throttle ), 
  the situation where i live is pretty similar . 
  the only difference is , after you reach your cap , your data rate just gets castrated ( 64 kbit . 
  so slow that many sites will give you a timeout error , before they finish loading ) . 
  i hate it . 
  same thing in germany . 
  our biggest provider actually decided to put data caps on their dsl connections ( 75gb for the 16mbit connection and after that you get throttled data rate ) . 
   if we wanted , i 'm pretty sure we could make a military that could kick their butt . 
  that is what i mean . 
  right now , we do n't care about military as much as the usa . 
  if we ( combined ) would care as much , we of course would kick their butt . 
  are you talking about war or half-life ? 
  i 'm still not convinced that we have a chance . 
  the us are serious about their military . 
  you think we have any chance against the us ? 
  they have such exorbitant military budgets , that no one comes even close to . 
  better not start ww3 . 
  in germany they 're called ` elch ' . 
  i 'm calm . 
  i upvoted you , btw . 
  yep , the fbi is going to come to germany to find out if a `` bomb threat '' in a thread on reddit is real . 
  we should bomb the usa !, 
  the problem is , the pirate party is n't taken very seriously by many voters and i do n't see that changing any time soon . 
  i 'm voting for them , but i do n't know anybody else who does . 
  yes , it fits quite nicely . 
  can also be translated as `` hundstollheit '' . 
  my grampa said a dog is `` toll '' when the dog is acting vicious . 
  i 'm a german and my grandpa always called cucumbers `` kukummere '' and a single cucumber a `` kukummer '' . 
  he grew up in a german `` settlement '' ( i 'm actually not really sure what it was ) in russia around 1930 . 
  he also liked to call people he dislikes `` littrich '' . 
  as in `` littriches volk '' which maybe comes from `` luder '' ( or `` luderig '' ) . 
  his language style was awesome . 
  yeah , my friend from bw was in the same situation . 
  but a small new provider from stuttgart installed a line directly from stuttgart to the small village and offered 50 mbps ( with 10mbps upstream or something like that ) connections for a reasonable price ( 40 $ per month for a real flatrate without limitations and a telephone flatrate ) . 
  now they 're super happy completely without the telekom and they 're paying a bit less than before . 
  so i agree , fuck the telekom !, 
  i would if i could . 
  fastest dsl available at my house is 6 mbps . 
  32 mbps only works over cable . 
  i 'll probably move to another place that has at least 100 mbps connections available . 
  i know that there are people who get ridiculously slow internet speeds . 
  one of my friends lives in small village near stuttgart . 
  he had a dsl lite connection with ca .
