i remain wholeheartedly cynical about this new law , just because it seems designed to help politicians cover up their shady pasts . 
  it 's not about recent events , but about those that happened years ago , that become relevant with hindsight . 
  a politician implicated in embezzlement , but nothing was proven . 
  he does similar things 2 years later , and 2 again . 
  with google hiding the results , our friend has a much cleaner reputation ... 
  this is the thing though - we would not be pulled down to their level , or anything like . 
  this is not what the studies indicate will happen . 
  i totally buy that it 's a risky proposition to try with the entire world at once , but the good would , i think , outweigh the bad , and it is not a totally unreasonable viewpoint . 
  what i like about the open borders method is the efficiency , and how it empowers individuals . 
  it 's not the dictatorial west officiously meddling in developing countries affairs , saying `` oh , we 're building this dam for you . 
  it 'll be good for you . 
  we know best '' . 
  it 's individuals suddenly able to take their futures into their own hands . 
  escape government oppression , learn a new trade , whatever . 
  i believe there 's value there . 
  sure , i give . 
  i just think everyone else should be giving more too  so i 'm also a software engineer . 
  i spent my life automating people out of jobs , and occasionally feel bad about it . 
  however , i support univeral basic income as well ( and goodness knows we need to get our tax system in line to support that ) . 
  the profits made by the products i make ( and also my income ) should feed back into those who do n't need to work any more . 
  one day , the robots will do all the work , and we can lie on a beach all day drinking pina coladas ( or insert other , more apocalyptic scenerio here ! ) . 
  but we need to start working towards that now , both philosophically and politically . 
  you 're sadly probably right . 
  this is the thing though . 
  everyone 's very upset when they hear some statistic about x % of the world having y % of the money . 
  1 % --  40 \u2105 , 10 % --  85 % etc. 
  however , as soon as they are included in the x statistic , suddenly the outrage does n't apply . 
  i dread to think how little the poorest 10 % has , but i think allowing them sufficient freedom of movement , should they want it , to fight their way out , is not a huge sacrifice . 
  thanks for the well thought out reply . 
  do n't put yourself down - you make good points !, 
  so your point about the free market is one i 'd like to latch on to for a moment . 
  the way i see it , restricting movement is ultimately detracting from that . 
  there are a lot of negatives sure , but for a totally free market , where individuals are empowered to have maximal impact , they need to be able to travel where they 're most effective . 
  if elon musk had been born in sudan , do we think he 'd have had the same success ? 
  surely not . 
  but if a kid there has a dream , they should be able to take that dream where it can grow re brain drain : i really need to relisten to this podcast so i can do proper citations , but ultimately speaking , whilst it 's not intuitive , we actually see the opposite effect . 
  countries that see sizable emigration also experience wage increases and economic growth , driving increased education levels . 
  this is becasue the market reponds and makes filling those jobs back in the country more profitable . 
  this was one of the most surprising things for me - it genuinely makes the county experiencing `` brain drain '' better off . 
  * shrug * not so much crickets , as day job !, 
  i heartily recommend [ givewell ] ( http://www.givewell.org ) as an efficient way of bettering the world . 
  they analyse the effeciveness of most common charities , and pass on your donation to the most efficient ones . 
  join me , 
  no , it applies positive pressure to the wages of those who remain in the country ; quite massively so . 
  because there is increased competition from overseas jobs , wages rise . 
  for a while i was concerned that emigration would be bad for the economies being left behind , but we actually see the opposite in practice . 
  alright , i 'll bite . 
  i 'm for globally open borders , and believe it 's our moral duty to do as much as possible to even up the imbalances in the world , even if it decreases the quality of life of those lucky enough to be born in the first world drastically in the short term . 
  my reasoning : there 's a very good [ freakonomics episode ] ( http://freakonomics.com/podcast/is-migration-a-basic-human-right-a-new-freakonomics-radio-podcast/ ) that delves into a few research papers about this . 
  their conclusion is that it drastically increase the earnings of those in the country of egress , and on average , fractionally grows the economy of the countries of ingress . 
  given the overall global effect is positive , we should allow it . 
  i should also qualify this by saying that i 'm passionately socialist , and believe that amongst other things that i , and others like me should be paying a fuckton more tax to support the less well off . 
  i also see absolutely no reason why being born in a particular place should confer any advantage at all in this world . 
  and yes , i am wild naive , and hopelessly idealistic . 
  but that 's what i believe . 
  edit : downvotes are not unexpected , and i do n't really mind them if i 'm honest . 
  however , i 'll remind you that i was * explicitly asked * to explain a controversial viewpoint . 
  i 'd find a comment explaining your counterarguments infinitely more interesting than your generalised dissent !, 
  ah , now that 's a different point . 
  a woman may wish to wear the burkha , and that is fine . 
  but a country may also collectively decide that being able to see someone 's face is too culturally important to sacrifice , and that 's also fine . 
  the woman and the country can have a discussion about their respective needs . 
  maybe middle ground can be found , maybe it ca n't . 
  the part i rail against is the country deciding that the woman 's arguments are inherently invalid , becuase she might be being oppressed . 
  as to your first point , i think that if a significant proportion of people who wear the burkha actually do n't want to , maybe the avenue is open for a ban on those grounds . 
  but i would need data , not just the presumption that becuase it 's such an extreme garment , so alien to western culture , that noone would ever wear one voluntarily . 
  as it is , it 's slightly moot in my case . 
  i do favour a ban on grounds of fairness : in the same was it 's not permitted to wear a mask to obscure your face , so should the burkha not be permitted . 
  now this is the thing : it is already illegal to force someone to wear something . 
  we do n't need to ban balls and chains , or burkhas , in order for that to be true . 
  if someone * wants * to wear a ball and chain ? 
  sure , i guess ... 
  i very much disagree . 
  anything can be used as a tool or symbol of oppression . 
  imagine a gay , atheist teenager , expected to wear a crucifix by christian parents . 
  what about the hijab in general ? 
  what about teenagers who experience peer pressure to wear skimpy clothing ? 
  should we ban all religious symbols and miniskirts , just to make sure noone is pressured into wearing something they do n't want to ? 
  a little different from the point i 'm trying to make . 
  there are a lot of people saying `` this garment is inherently bad , becuase people only wear it because they 've been manipulated into wearing it . '', 
  this denies a woman who chooses to wear the burkha her voice . 
  all i see are westerners passing judgement , without much thought for why a devout muslim of certain denominations might want to wear it . 
  would you deny a nun her habit ? 
  there are many other considerations as to whether it should be allowed , however . 
  from a security perspective , i believe law enforcement should be permitted to see your face . 
  but to say `` those who wear this garment 's views are inherently invalid , becuase they 're obviously incapable of independent thought '' shows a great lack of cultural understanding . 
  itt : a lot of people presuming they know how women who wear a burkha feel about it , whilst having a very shaky understanding of their culture . 
  this is the thing though - i expect politicians to understand and do their jobs . 
  their job is to understand those they represent , and make decisions on their behalf . 
  i do n't tell farmers what crops to plant where , but i can say `` i want to eat grapes and cabbages '' . 
  i do n't tell my leasing agent what documentation i need , but i do say `` i want to rent a flat '' . 
  we all delegate and trust different decisions to experts in those domains . 
  the trust has broken down completely between politicians and those they represent in many places , and that 's the real tragedy here . 
  we should be able to say `` these are our ideals , please manifest them into policy , we leave the details to you . '', 
  right now , we ca n't . 
  but that 's the real problem here . 
  we see politicians as `` elites '' , not experts in their domains . 
  opening everything up to a mass vote , where almost everyone is voting with insufficient understanding of the issue , and hoping that statistically they get it right , is not the answer . 
  rebuilding trust in our politicians , in my view , is closer to a solution . 
  i said the same both before , during and after .
