  youtube and netflix , on the other hand , are a guarantee crash after 15 to 20 mins of fullscreen video playing . 
  [ scuba diving porn ] ( http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1846177885 ) does exists, 
  edit : and [ news anchors with the camera on ] ( http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=63572177 ) porn . 
   dead and george, 
  goddamn that 's brutal, 
  most of our moms had their first sexual experience with juan gabriel providing the bgm . 
  it 's a big deal for mexican moms everywhere . 
  has he earned his right to be invited to the next carne asada ? 
  horseshoe theory . 
  does n't matter how different the oposite extremes are , they are eerie similar in their retardenes . 
  i 'm happy to provide you with the upvote 41 , amigo . 
  how about a zombie apocalypse ? 
  my grandma would get a month 's supply , 30 shots , for free , at the imss clinic . 
  sad !, 
  like the intro for the newest call of duty, 
  just avoid the following states completely : oaxaca , chiapas , tamaluipas , michoacan . 
  now , if you want to have have fun in beautiful places at the same time that you get to help a low of wonderful people in need , check out the [ taramura foundation ] ( http://www.tarahumara.net/english/about.html ), 
  ebony hunter . 
  i do n't know if it 's something sexual ... 
  i remember those kittens being all over the place , they even got out on national tv news over here , my sister , mom and aunts all believed it was real . 
  y aprovechando , lo lentes de vr son compatibles con s6 edge plus ? 
  you can watch on youtube [ the storm that swept mexico ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvwcgocvgv0 ), 
  - cuando por fin se empiece la reforma financiera, 
  to sign in other 's people computers , and to open different google drives on my pc . 
   so sometimes i joke with them i 'm more mexican than you , they do n't like that very much . 
  you are right tho . 
  to this day , i thanks god that i was already in college when facebook started . 
   is there any cultural no no 's i should know about when observing this holiday ? 
  there is almost nothing you can do that would be considered a faux pas . 
  outside of people praying in the cemetery or praying in front of their home altars , it 's basically just a party . 
  i mean , i 'm sure there are some who think it 's a deep , religious experience , but most people i know either think it 's only a moment to remember dead relatives and hang out with live family members , or a convenient excuse to drink . 
  you can even go to the cemetery , take pictures and talk with locals without any issue . 
  here in sinaloa we only go during the day because of the security situation , but in other states people stay overnight . 
   i also had a question about crime/scams , i 've read that i should video my rental car as they try to pin any scratches that were previously there on you when you return it, 
  scams are a real problem everywhere , but i have rented cars in several cities and never had a problem . 
  i only rent on large national agencies though . 
  if it makes you feel safer , take pictures or video of your car , ca n't hurt . 
   also i 've read you should pay very close attention to the person pumping your gas so as to not be overcharged . 
  the real problem with gas pumps are pumps fixed to give you 900ml per liter , at the start of the service the attendant will signal the gas pump , and at the end it will mark exactly how much gas was pumped and how much money it is . 
  my advice is to only charge gas where you see taxi cabs and police cars pumping , and in gas stations in supermarket 's parking lots . 
  also remember that tipping the guy pumping gas is customary in resort destinations , specially if he cleans your windshield or checks your tires . 
   there 's the bad reputation of corrupt police, 
  haha , giving money to a traffic cop to get out of a ticket is called a mordida , and it 's pretty much customary , unless you do n't care about paying the ticket . 
  in my experience , you have a 40 % chance of the cop letting you go on your way without a ticket if you claim to have no money on you . 
  i do n't really know if this applies to resorts like cancun , where the police is supposed to be more profesional and educated compared to the rest of the country , i have never get pulled over by a cop in a resort town . 
  i once got arrested for being drunk on the street and urinating on public , but i just gave 50 pesos to the cop and was on my way to my hotel . 
  now , about looking for outdoor activities , why do n't you check out [ xcaret park in cancun ? 
  ] ( http://www.xcaret.com/?langredirect=1 ), 
  really depends where you are , in cancun , and being foreigner , people would expect a larger tip than from a national . 
  in merida and on the road you can get away with giving the exact same tip as any locals . 
  i typically tip 5 to 10 pesos , 5 for a normal service , 10 if they check fluid levels and tires . 
  between xel ha and xcaret , both are pretty similar , xcaret seemed to have a little more wild life and a gorgeous maya show , but in xel ha you can take the tulum tour . 
  both have spectacular night shows . 
  everybody knows that the best way to cheat is to be the bank . 
  squad is a guerrilla marketing company , the guy that came up with the idea was the lead engineer for their huge outside installations . 
  dude wanted to quit because he only wanted a desk job designing shit and they made him do the actual installations , and wanted to make a video game , the owners said that if he finished the current projects they would pay him to do this one project he wanted . 
  they have no plans to make another video game . 
  for all the bad rep squad has for low wages for low level employees , and overworking people , they do have a program where if you manage to convince the two owners and the rest of the department leaders , they will fund your pet project . 
  that also means they will use any profits from those projects for shit like a debut album for one of the owners instead of building a new business out of projects outside of the core business . 
  what 's up with the sniffs , did he ran out of coke ? 
  podesta must have the worst security habits for getting hacked so often . 
  the swastika seems to be a modified z , indicating `` zionist media '' . 
  the way i read it , it 's implying the reporters are jews and the swastika is a warning or something like that . 
  he was wealthy during the 90s , not a billionaire , but rich . 
  then his friends in government basically gave him and his investors the national telephone company , telmex , which they got on credit , that was paid purely with the profits from telmex 's normal operations . 
  then he made billions by virtue of having a monopoly for 20 years that 's only now breaking up because cable companies are competitive in the land lines market , and foreign mobile companies like telef\u00f3nica and att . 
  he runs a monopoly in several corrupt nations in the world . 
  oh , it gets better , slim is a mexican-arab . 
  trump probably believes he is a secret muslim planted to destroy his presidencial aspirations . 
  free speech is the bedrock of liberty , democracy , and a free society . 
  it allows you to voice your opinion without being afraid of the government deciding you need to be in jail for it . 
  but like you said , their freedom of speech was not violated , the police decided to present no charges as what they were doing was speech , not actions . 
  on the other side , they did violated their school code of conduct , and were punished accordingly for it . 
  boy or girl ? 
  [ check out this page out aztec baby names ] ( https://www.todopapas.com/nombres/nombres-de-origen-azteca ), 
  some names from the list :, 
  baby names ( males ) :, 
   yareth : living in the air, 
   edahi : god of wind, 
   eh\u00e9catl : creator of the world , air, 
  he is saying that as terrible as his personality is , that is n't why he is going to lose , after all , we know he is terrible , and he is still getting 40 % of the vote , let that one sink in . 
  if trump had run right in the middle of the recession , instead of by the end of it when economic prospects are improving across the board , against a candidate with the baggage and the vitriol that the right wing has accumulated against hillary , he would be in a greater position to grab power . 
   sold weapons to iran to fund the contras ( whom he also called the `` equivalent of the founding fathers of america '' ), 
  that was the taliban , not the contras . 
  edit : i stand corrected, 
  my drinking game tonight : everytime there is a, 
   wrong, 
  or a, 
   russia did it, 
  i 'm taking a shot of vodka, 
  good thing i went with wrong and russia for my drinking game , my first instinct was to go with * the best *, 
  otro link con mas info de la pel\u00edcula y un still del convoy de la polic\u00eda federal http://referee.mx/viral/cine-checa-a-wolverine-peleando-la-policia-federal-mx-salio-trailer-logan/, 
  when not even a porn star wants to explore the financial opportunities of sex if it involves you . 
  those students where killed by a prd local government endorsed by amlo and it 's oposition party , and it 's somehow epn fault . 
  the craziness must stop , i 'll take my goat to the world series and try to restore natural order . 
  it protects you from backslash from the government , not from private parties . 
  i was happily playing dwarf fortress one day , just reading the wiki for things that i did n't understood , when i found a reference to mining goblinite . 
  of course i had never encountered any such metal so i was intrigued and searched the forums for it . 
  in a couple of hours i was ready for my first goblin invasion and got my goblinite mine up and working and never looked back . 
  same to you ?
