  director rambled yesterday on twitter that there were several production issues and executive meddling . 
  apparently , i he is n't entirely happy with it . 
  the tank kits and most of the other surplus is american . 
  the us still sells f4 parts to mexico , as it 's the only fighter plane we have . 
  and the tank kids were explicitly said to be a new acquisition fresh from the middle east . 
  this for me as well . 
  getting pass the first 15 minutes of the first episode is my red line , after that you are pretty much hooked . 
  about as useful in a fight as a real magikarp, 
  i do n't know if the guy in the back is sea or central america , but the girl in the left is definitely from north m\u00e9xico , only here we have such crappy taste in beer . 
  stuff i keep on my top drawer : a tooth brush and tooth paste , hair gel and a comb , deodorant , a razor and shaving cream , and a dock for my phone to blast music when i have to stay late or during the weekend . 
  blackface as mockery is not ok , but that was n't mockery , it was an homage . 
  people getting offended by that need to take their chilling pills . 
  my internal foodie is screaming for me to subscribe and up vote , so have both , 
  if you ever feel like coming to the mexican pacific northwest i 'll provide the awesome local treats and plenty of beer to wash it . 
  you ca n't pause dark souls / bloodborne . 
  my guess is that was n't the first time he she nagged him about it . 
  but what if you are finally at the boss gate and you still have n't found the last shortcut ? 
  i 'm the blackxican , does that count towards the statistics ? 
  i never said what he did was ok , i commented on his motivation , which is different from endorsement . 
  arizona is right there , we do n't want that shit hole back . 
  white rice with a poached egg , cup ramen , and friend 's left over pizza where my main staples during college . 
  artesanal sausages ? 
  those are literally made to last without refrigeration , but raw chicken on the other hand ... 
  weak shit . 
  do n't even bother with it . 
  nah bruh , he just did n't want to share . 
  the next turn on the bike , right ? 
  `` for this test , we need to find the right testees '', 
  i 'm a big fat shit with more than a few social issues . 
  i found that going to the gym at exactly 6am is the best for me , so i do think have issues going in anymore . 
  i think he mean they got older , more `` mature '' , really quick , instead of getting `` old '', 
  it 's the other way around with hitler . 
  the nazis used pink as a male color , as it was custom at the time . 
  so they put it on gays , because gays like men . 
  never believe mom propaganda . 
  nothing like some good carne asada tacos with a cold beer . 
  funny how he is n't mentioning the whole pressing charges thing . 
  i like ve alone and i have a bag full of bags somewhere in my cupboard . 
  that point on the british white ensign is really bothering me . 
  i do n't know why , but while i was ok with the tron mustang , i 'm not ok with the tron lambo, 
  trickle down economics . 
  he is onto something , not just sex toys , but a larger selection of everything , and a brick and mortar store ca n't carry all that . 
  netflix, 
  seems like a regular catholic mom , gay son or not . 
  source : i have a catholic mom . 
  remember when billionaires had class ? 
  some where pretty badass even , and now we get 20 somethings going out in public in fliflop with socks on , or ranging nuttjobs with orange skin and hair that seems like a case of alien abduction . 
  red head elf . 
  one more fetish i didnt know i had . 
  i tried , got the `` video driver stopped and has reset '' error every time i tried to join a server . 
  good thing steam offers fast refunds . 
  have you try putting a personal ad in the local papers ? 
  you should also contact the local authorities and put a missing person report . 
  consent timed out , please drink your verification ca ... say consent . 
  digan lo que digan , el general sabia vestir . 
  his scarf should be red like the blood of his enemies muahahahaha, 
  good thing my hobby is secure , japanese studios do n't care about social justice , most estudios refuse to consider there is a foreign market at all , they only care about otaku with disposable income . 
  i was gifted a nes around 89 or 90 , it was my only console for a long as time because we went wealthy enough to simply buy a new one round the time of the snes and the n64/ps1 , and after that there was college so a school laptop was priority for my mom , and i did n't felt like i really needed one at that point , so my next console was a 360 i got with my first paycheck last year of college . 
  i did used our house computer and my laptop to game all that time , though . 
  a predator drone cost 4mil , plus launch systems and support , plus the cost of ordinance , 4mil for a 4 drone military program is on the low end of costs . 
  turtle eggs poachers are n't exactly rich , and the mexican marines are one of the last trusted institutions on the country , probably the most trusted along with the supreme court . 
  they are somewhat famous for refusing cartel bribes , getting killed for refusing cartel bribes , and conducting raids on cartel safe houses / bosses a week later where every cartel member ends up dead , with a bullet in the forehead , that they got while running away . 
  first time i hear that , and i live close to a turtle haven . 
  must be a regional thing . 
  turtle soup on the other hand , that shit sells like crazy , mostly for the flavour , but i had heard some old people mentioning the soup is good for your sex drive . 
  no , i mean trusted . 
  you do n't usually heard about marines raping or killing civilians , or navy and marine officials being involved in bribe scandals . 
  you do heard about cartel members dying to the last man , but most people are ok with that . 
  saddest part is , the army used to be as respected and trusted , the biggest mistake was making them enter the drug war , and with the cartel resources , poisoning the much larger army was a child 's play . 
  granted . 
  it 's not all the army that 's corrupt , but you only need so many to fuck all the good work . 
  from rts we come , to rts we will return . 
  most people killed are involved in the drug trade to begin with , and this is coming from someone who lives in sinaloa , of all places . 
  i lived in irapuato and celaya for 3 years . 
  meh place , not cheap or expensive , there is a couple of blocks dedicated to open daytime prostitution ( calle de las chavelas ) but most people are extremely religious and every fucking body go to church on sunday . 
  it 's one of the safer places to live tho . 
  go to san miguel de allende , guanajuato or quer\u00e9taro on the weekends if you want a little more excitement . 
  i see you work on ea development . 
  not really , if he rezzes her she becomes fully alive and human , you can do that . 
  if he `` raises '' her , well , that 's another story . 
  awful combat , awful writing and a perk system that 's a step back from the skill system , just so they did n't have to actually improve upon past games , they got rid of things instead of adding to it . 
  the dungeons were bland and there is basically zero challenge playing it . 
  i was bored from start to finish , and finish in this case is around hour 5 , when i decided to unistall the damn thing . 
  h\u00e1ganme el bendito favor . 
  she was fired, 
  `` my top rated comment is about ... '', 
  we went from gta looks like real life , to real life looks like gta, 
  you do n't have a sister , sisters make sure you do n't do stupid shit like wearing red pants or crocks with socks on . 
  new sources say the tour operator had cleared the travel route with the army and had 2 police cars as escorts, 
  ca n't blame the army for not knowing the army game permission to transit ? 
  silly gringo , hard shells are n't tacos , that 's at best a deformed tostada . 
  using a curvy design not only saves a few cents on plastic , which adds up to millions for a company like coca cola or pepsi , but also allows for smaller bottles that look bigger , so you feel like you are getting more product for the price . 
  same principle with candy/chocolate bars that have a dent right the middle . 
  hotline miamiplease op , 
  thanks op . 
  30 now and getting worried about my back . 
   why was he the leader of nazarick ? 
  because of rp , he guild was seriusly into rp and pk , and he rolled as an overlord . 
  it helped that the original guild leader had some troubles with some members and decided to let momonga take the top spot . 
   if he uses the staff of ainz ooal gown would he be the strongest,
