  or alternatively , build a wall , but do n't demand payment from your neighbor , which is all the mexican government is asking . 
  that mobo looks really sexy !, 
  cancun ? 
  netfilx , spotify , mas el quinienton del cable e internet . 
  i 'm mexican , i bought an electric kettle couple years ago , first i ever saw , my mom has been looking for one for herself ever since without much luck . 
  that 's japanese, 
  even better , she was screaming whyyy mom whyyyy, 
  remove revelations , add black flag, 
  what , no , he was horrible , talk to anyone who lived there when he was jefe de gobierno , violent crime was everywhere , horrible infrastructure projects over budged that had to practically be rebuild because of poor construction , the second floor to the perif\u00e9rico was a disaster when it was first inaugurated , and then the city completely paralyzed when he lost the election and threw a hissy fit that cost hundreds of jobs and hundreds of millions in economic damages . 
  4 and a half years of amlo and its effects in mexico city, 
  mexico city and edomex , the two states with the largest public debt, 
  other way around for me , after years of watching it in mexican spanish , i got the dvds and watch every single season again in english . 
  grab a fly to london or madrid and then to mexico city , or from paris to cancun , cheapest rates i could find, 
  centrista , true neutral es el mejor alignment, 
  te est\u00e1n downvoteando en este comentario espec\u00edficamente por que estas aplicando la de desviar la atenci\u00f3n del tema intentando involucrar a otro con [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ), 
  quise entrar al estudio original pero esta con paywall . 
  hedge fund ? 
  m\u00e9xico here , i bought prime rib at 90 pesos per kilo the other day , which is about 4 dollars and fifty cents . 
  but robin hood did n't stole from the king 's government , he stole from the guy who hijacked the government while the king was away and use it to enrich himself . 
  the [ musa ] ( http://musamexico.org/es/ ), 
  akumal, 
  chankanaab, 
  they are still looking for something more final of a solution, 
  why do people think that ? 
  hitler was never an officer and his war record was nothing to write home about . 
  if anything , tanya 's career bear more in resemblance with the actual wehrmacht generals . 
  if you use the mexican post office , use the tracked service with insured packages . 
  the cost is pretty cheap , and you can use your tracking number both in the correos de mexico website as well as in the usps website once your package is delivered to usps on the other side of the border . 
  if you want you can also send it through dhl , it 's way faster and for many people more reliable than correos de mexico , i recently sent my gpu for a guarantee to the us , using dhl , and it cost me 600 pesos , and the company sent it back to me through usps and correos de mexico . 
  both arrived in good order , dlh took only 4 days for delivery , while usps/correos took 2 weeks and a half . 
  men become wizards , women become sorceress . 
  who would do that , go on the internet and lie ? 
  paraguas , sombrilla , parasol , or according to my mom , esa chingadera que guarda atr\u00e1s en el carro . 
  there is never a second world war in the published material , either manga , light novel or web novel . 
  the hitler like character from the web novel is actually from the norden alliance , one of the enemies of the empire , and by the end of the web novel tanya migrates to the us and starts a private military company . 
  the ln is stuck in the russian campaign , and the manga is way behind that . 
  there is absolutely no indication that the empire will fail into a republic , that they will fail to get terms , or that tanya has any interest in `` going mad '' and becoming a leader . 
  the whole point of the war from the empire 's high command point of view is to either not lose and get terms , or win fast enough so the other powers do n't enter the war and stop the war from expanding . 
  and the whole point of tanya is to do her job good enough so to coast to an easy retirement after the war ends , or a good cushy job . 
  invierte en un fondo de inversion . 
  no compres oro , plata u otro metal . 
  la inversion en metales preciosos es demasiado vol\u00e1til , usa lo que ibas a gastar en metales para invertir en bonos del tesoro de estados unidos , mexico , jap\u00f3n , alemania , o cualquier otro gobierno que te lata , pero eso son los mas populares para los mexicanos , esta es deuda a largo plazo . 
  [ como invertir en la bmv ] ( http://eleconomista.com.mx/finanzas-personales/2013/05/23/guia-sobre-fondos-inversion-principiantes ), 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/24vo34/whats_the_happiest_5word_sentence_you_could_hear/chb38xf/ ), 
  i had to google those terms , choice and select are fda approved terms , we do n't use those here , i asked for costilla cargada , witch is the more expensive one , so i guess it 's comparable to choice . 
  right click on the task bar , task manager . 
  ai n't nobody got time for pressing three whole buttons . 
  came to the comments looking for this . 
  is that not normal in your country ? 
  in mexico employers usually support up to 50 % of yours , and your children , tuition , from grade school to college in the case of the children , and university and post grades for the worker , up to a certain limit , the limit is usually 50 % of the worker 's yearly salary . 
  my last gig also had some agreements with local schools for adicional discounts . 
  she was n't important enough to have archive photos of . 
  like a lot of bullies , she thought she was more important and untouchable that she actually was . 
  it used to be a lot rarer here before , only few companies offered student assistance , but successive administrations made it so it was fully deductible so now almost everybody offers it . 
  it also helps that college is very inexpensive . 
  no era arrivotos ? 
  converting directly to pesos is going to get you a worse rate . 
  convert to dollars or euros before traveling and convert later to pesos in mexico , do n't spend in dollars here if you do n't want to be overcharged for everything . 
  the best solution tho is to grab a visa or mastercard card and just use the mexican atms to retire pesos from your turkish bank account . 
  that way you will get the bank 's exchange rate . 
  it used to be not long ago that management was the enemy . 
  it suddenly became that the fellow worker was the enemy because he was different . 
  if you want to live in and around an english speaking community , san miguel de ayende , ajijic , ensenada , puerto vallarta , cancun , playa del carmen , mazatlan . 
  a few others if you do n't care about learning or using spanish mostly . 
  well , for starters , in mexico we do n't use juries , rather is the judge the one that has to , well , judge , if you are guilty . 
  trials also used to be a very lengthy process , with almost everything being done in paper and through official documentation . 
  witness testimonies and examinations would take weeks , months , and sometimes years . 
  recent reforms introduced oral trials , juicios orales , in order to reduce the average trial process and paperwork involved . 
   when keeping it real goes wrong, 
  i always ask for [ arrachera ] ( http://www.jtcarnes.com/arrachera.php ) , or if i do n't want to bother , carnicer\u00edas have fixed kits for carne asada with pre selected cuts for grilling , tortillas , salsa , guacamole , and maybe some onions , jalape\u00f1os , etc. 
  it 's a slim , soft cut with low fat content , it comes from the cow 's diaphragm , right next to the ribs , very popular in sinaloa and sonora , where carne asada is an institution . 
  i 'm from sinaloa so seasoning carne asada with anything more than sea salt is heresy , but some people use beer to marinate it , or a combination of jugo magui , worcestershire and soy sauce , or , and this makes my stomach sick just typing it , orange juice to marinate it . 
  kitty diamond ? 
   greyhound, 
  do you hate your troops ? 
  mexico now accepting sign ups for a new [ saint patrick battalion ] ( http://www.irlandeses.org/sanpatriciosb.htm ), 
  sign up today and get unlimited tacos for life . 
  i was a das1 veteran when i picked up bloodborne , and i still spend a whole night and most of the following afternoon stuck in central , must have died like 20 times , plus another 20 taking down the knight below the stairs , but after getting the hand out of the combat system it was easy sailing , why , i was actually a little disappointed i was n't dying enough !, 
  just run pass everything . 
  run toward the first room with the bell maiden , make some space so the guys wo n't respawn , keep hunting the other bell maidens and running pass groups , get to the area with the freakin ' lasers and run pass all that shit towards the bonfire , no need to clear that on your first pass . 
  i think there are a couple youtube videos of how to run pass most of the mob in there . 
  what kind of drugs do they give you guys in the states ? 
  when i got my 4 wisdom tooth removed ( 2 one saturday , 2 the following week ) i only got local anesthesia , and the painkillers they gave me where something nice , but the buzz was weak and i only missed 1 day of work . 
  ca n't remember the lore , if the us annexed mexico before the war , but the new california republic expanded well into baja by new vegas , so tijuana as a location in any game set in the ncr is very possible . 
  so one option fucks over the administration supporters , the other over everyone else , either way it 's not pretty . 
  i think he means that there wo n't be any wall , fence or sensors on the mexican side , and he would be right , anyone that agrees to that would commit political suicide beyond anything we have seen in this country before . 
  if he means a wall along border but on the american side , i give it a 50 % chance , but with it being mostly sensors and patrols on those areas instead of a physical wall or fences . 
  is the popcorn ready yet ? 
  it gets worse , flynn is the one asking for immunity , nobody has agreed to offer it , which would mean flynn knows they have shit on him , and the fbi knows they have and that 's why they are n't taking up the offer and are thinking of locking them all up . 
  if they end up taking up the offer it will be because flynn does have something incredibly juicy they do n't have , or , by going public , making democrats in congress demand the fbi take the damn offer right away and speed things up . 
  yeah i know , sorry i was being the `` actually , in the lore '' guy . 
  but do actually want to see baja as a visiting location, 
  that 's actually right even if you mean it as a bad thing . 
  as a catholic you may be baptized , but the creed calls for religious education to be an actual catholic . 
  the child gets educated by his godfather ( supposedly , nowadays it 's mostly about going to sunday school ) , goes to sunday school , and has to commit to three more sacraments before joining the ranks as a full member of the church , with the final one being a confirmation ceremony when he is older and able to choose and take charge of his own morality ( the third sacrament , communion , is usually taken at 7 or 8 , with confirmation a little later as a teen , from 10 to 11 where i live ) . 
  a baptized baby is in the church , but he need to get older and be confirmed along with the other sacraments to enter communion with the church . 
  if the kid chooses not to go through with communion or confirmation , he may be baptized , but he is n't a full member , and is able to choose to go as a lapsed catholic , or into apostasy , which you can do anyway as an adult at any time . 
  tldr : baptism is mostly for the benefit of the parents and in where the baby does n't know what is going on , to be a catholic you need to do other stuff when you get older and enter reason ( starting at age 7 according to cannon law ), 
  what 's the rush ? 
  potus goes down , either pence or ryan get the job , does n't matter , lame duck presidency right after midterms give the senate back to the dems , nightmare scenario for 2020 for whoever sits in the oval office , or even if the rnc chooses another candidate than the sitting potus , it wo n't look good for anyone that was ever said anything slightly nice about current potus .
