  the ruling party won in two key states , estado de m\u00e9xico and coahuila , the left is raising hell about losing estado de m\u00e9xico , that while being an incredibly shitty campaign filled with questionable tactics and accusations of vote buying from both sides , the actual counting seems to be accurate , and the tribunals seems to be set to declare the counting valid . 
  the left is saying that because they lost , obviously the vote was rigged during the counting , a cuestionable fact at best . 
  they would do best to focus on the actual accusations of vote buying , but because they did similar things , seems like that wo n't happen . 
  in coahuila something more sinister happened , the right party lost on the ruling party and there are several accusations of vote rigging that do carry weight , seeing as the local election officials stopped the count at 70 % of the count , and only declared a winner two days later . 
  all and all , interesting times . 
   when apple sends its people ... 
  bullshit about florida , the cuban vote goes to the gop because of their castro-hate boner , and because they used to get instantaneous residency . 
  you ca n't even claim cuban 's hate for illegals is because they spend the time and resources needed to inmigrare legally , because they did n't . 
  and clinton send back eli\u00e1n gonz\u00e1lez after his father won the custody battle . 
  [ this kid ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/36/inselian.jpg ), 
  in the winter of 1999 , eli\u00e1n ( aged 5 and 11 months ) traveled in a small makeshift aluminium boat with 12 other people trying to reach florida , at the time if they managed to reach the coast they would have been granted residency , but if they got cough in open waters , they would have been treated as illegal immigrants and send back . 
  the engine broke down in the middle of the journey and 10 people died , included his mother . 
  he , along with the other survivors , were rescued by fishermen , who turned them over to the coast guard . 
  immigration officials then released eli\u00e1n to his paternal granduncle while they tried to decide if he would be considered caught at sea or in land . 
  his father , left in cuba , called to inform his uncle that eli\u00e1n 's mother took the boy without his knowledge and he wanted him back with him in cuba , but the uncle decided that the boy should stay in florida with him . 
  eli\u00e1n 's father won the custody trial , and eli\u00e1n 's custodians asylum request was denied , seeing as how the boy was intercepted at sea , his father had custody , and was not interested in immigrate to the us , even after receiving alleged offers of a free house , money and a car in miami . 
  local miami officials refused to cooperate with federal authorities , resulting in the image you see top , with an armed operative busting eli\u00e1n out of the closed he was hiding in with a relative . 
  the whole affair was hevily politizied , and was widely credited at the time with being the driving factor behind g. w. bush narrow win in florida in the 2000 presidential election , giving him the presidency by 5 electoral votes . 
  years later , in following interviews and videos , eli\u00e1n claims to be happy in cuba , loves his father , and has no desire to immigrate to the us . 
  he has also claimed that while in the us he was constantly told bad things about his father , told that he really wanted to remain in the us , and never tell anyone he liked cuba . 
  a video from the time of his stay in florida seems to contain people directing him to say he wanted to stay . 
  [ this photograph is of el\u00edan , minutes after reuniting with his father in cuba . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/elian_gonzalez_and_father_reunion.jpg ), 
  lawyer \u00dcber allen, 
  no , the other clinton , the one that was president at the time . 
  honestly , there is a fuckton to do in any of those cities , that i would stay in one . 
  especially if you like museums and theaters , then a month probably would n't be enough for mexico city . 
  definitively visit museo nacional de antropolog\u00eda , the palacio de chapultepec , xochimilco , and the pyramids of teotihuacan when staying in mexico city . 
  somebody has to know the source, 
  unholy alliance pan-prd ? 
  need 5 aloe chunks and 1 aloe slab for my final upgrade, 
  cool can i move in ? 
  i only need a moderately fast internet connection . 
  md does n't charge extra for ketchup over here , they even throw a dressing package along with 3 to 5 little ketchup packages , feelsgood.inc, 
  +10 perfect flee, 
  ol\u00e9 is more of a spaniard thing , try ajua !, 
  instead . 
  ] ( http://expansion.mx/mi-carrera/2011/09/06/los-directores-mejor-pagados-en-mexico ), 
  young handsome patriots tend to find an early grave . 
  i do n't know what you are trying to say , especially because i 'm not an american and i have never seen the word patriot or patriota being used as a `` lefty nationalist '' in my corner of latinoamericana . 
  ever take a walk around the rural midwest ? 
  the rural anywhere ? 
  advertisers tend to sell southern imagery to their rural customers , because southern = rural in the minds of many . 
  bunch of retards out there in northern states , whos grand grands fought in blue , driving around with confederate flags in their pickups and huge trails of black smoke , because burning their engines to create the rollin ' coal effect is somehow gon na make liberals cry , or something . 
  i never win anything ; _ ;, 
  the surveillance in 1984 works in a proactive way , not reactive , identify the subversive elements before they took open action , so data centers for later viewing does n't work , you need a way to identify suspicious behavior in that world in real time . 
  nowadays you would think about super computers doing the actual real time surveillance , but at the time that was ludicrous . 
  just arrived in mexico , i was waiting for it and did n't watch it during the original run . 
  12 years old in some southern states , and in most only between the indigenous population . 
  some other states have 14 , 16 , and most states have a legal age of 18 with the ability of having sex with somebody younger than that as long as the age difference do n't surpass a certain number . 
  entre 30k y 50k para gerentes regionales , altos mandos de empresas medianas , medicos especialistas , consultores de alto nivel . 
  and for bullet wounds . 
  that may still become truth , but not because of uber , but because self driving cars and their insurance issues . 
  uber just showed a way for car manufacturers to retain control of their units while keeping an universal insurance on the manufacturer . 
  while you are obviously joking , i want to point out that in places with short rainy seasons , you usually still see umbrellas all year around because they can also be used as parasol . 
  according to people in that thread , it was most likely competitors trowing the bikes into canals to force them out of business . 
  that 's the beauty of it , it would n't need to park most of the time , just drop the passenger and keep driving while waiting for a new passenger . 
  and in the rare case it does need to park , it would n't have to compete with human owned and human parked cars . 
  i got a gigabyte mobo and a sapphire gpu , a 3 fans monster so heavy it loosened the slots in the mobo , had to put the case sideways to stop the system from crashing every time the gpu slips a little from the slots . 
  mine is an gigabyte gaming-5 paired with an r9 390 tri-x , shit is heavy , and i would say it the constant bsods could have been caused by any other causes , but then again everything works perfectly since i turned the case sideways . 
  no , this is a shark cat . 
  smh is a brilliant source for this news , because that was literally my reaction . 
  doctor don vergas , que el phd no sale gratis . 
  wow, 
  name ? 
  you usually only see those in october/november . 
  guessing any good make up artist should know the basics . 
   i plead the fifth, 
  it seems that your father needs to prove he holds mexican citizenship or that he is a dual citizen of mexico and the us , and sign the property deed in front of a notary , which would require his presence . 
  do we ignore the actual penis ? 
  i keep picturing that guy from dark souls, 
  yep , that 's the one . 
  not to mention all the corruption scandals his associates have been involved int he last few years . 
  even if he is serious , there is no way it 's going to work like that with the hive of scum and villainy that is going to bed with in order to win the presidency . 
  for starters , one of his closest associates is the one responsible for the `` system downtime '' during the 88 federal elections , in which before the system went down , the leftist cardenas was leading , and after it came back , the right wing salinas was on top , and that is widely accepted as a fraudulent election , even by the guy that was president at the time . 
  it is n't , think of the worst of the 70s left movement , pair it with a collection of collaborators and operatives involved in some of the most publicized cases of political corruption in the last few decades , and a candidate that cries fraud every time he loses an election , even in elections widely accepted as lawful by both national and international observers . 
  between the pri and andres manuel , there are no good choices there . 
  any moving company , or shipping company , will help you . 
  a quick google search for `` mudanza de estados unidos a mexico '' returned [ this moving company ] ( http://www.mudanzas.com.mx/mexico/mudanza-a-mexico-desde-estados-unidos.php ) , mudanzas moreno , which apparently handles door to door moving from the united states to mexico, 
   20 minutes after superman delivers the world 's supply of nuclear weapons to the moon , the ussr , no longer fearing nuclear retaliation , invades western europe . 
  pockets of resistance remain in berlin and elsewhere in occupied europe , with the red army at the gates of paris , and eisenhower rallying his forces to mount a counter offensive . 
  in other news , superman refuses to interfere in the war because the new writer does n't believe superman should interfere in international politics . 
  i 'll take the free food over the massages and other invites , sexual or otherwise . 
  so , what you are telling me is that hitler got to power by losing the popular vote ? 
  for something that `` just works '' that subreddit sure has a lot of tech support threads . 
   putong mamon : no incluye arroz . 
  a good meltdown is a good meltdown . 
  i personally like how this sub is n't above making fun of both sides , according to which side is having it the worst . 
   cogen cell, 
  i disagree , a competent heartless bastard may stop the killing when it is n't convenient anymore , a dumb heartless bastard may just ignite the korean peninsula to control the headlines for a while , but have no plan to stop the carnage . 
  obama was the first black president in us history , but trump could pass as the first latinoamerican banana republic president in us history . 
  after maybe a decade of using mirc as a student , i bought the license shan i was in a good place financially , never regretted it . 
  i still use mirc from time to time to pirate books or films without the risk of public trackers . 
  this sure has grown in less than a day . 
  funny enough , there is a sci-fi novel about the us government sending the army to secure the world 's maple syrup supply , apparently aliens love the stuff . 
  y todo al final , para que el gran curso final , la gran revelaci\u00f3n de la la verdad absoluta del universo , sea esta : [ salta al minuto 11:25 ] ( http://southpark.cc.com/full-episodes/s09e12-trapped-in-the-closet ), 
  y futurama . 
  best currency ? 
  buy mexican pesos in your county of origin , that will secure you the best rate . 
  alternatively , buy pesos at the airport where you will take the final flight to mexico , or when you arrive , but try to avoid the exchanges in the mexican airports , you will get the worst rate there for euros or dollars .
