  yes , but during this fight he was having serious doubts if he has the right to rule the guild still , and if shaltear 's rebellion was n't really programmed by his friend in case things go up on his head , after all , she was seemingly programmed to be his hard counter . 
  he did n't want to use the staff until he could prove himself to be worthy . 
  he went back to das 1, 
  i work in a huge corporation , 1.5 weeks paid vacation for my first year , and 2 additional days every year after that , capping at 4 weeks , flexible hours , i work on sales so i spend most of my hours working outside . 
  no overtime , but when i need to stay late it 's because it 's the end of the month and i need to enter the final sales numbers . 
  paid leave for close family funerals and weddings , and 1 month paid leave plus a salary bonus for new fathers . 
  all my previous jobs had similar benefits . 
  it 's a freaking hat used for shade , and it 's spanish in origen anyway . 
  would it be cultural appropriation if i go to that college wearing a top hat ? 
  now it looks like a clown jizzed all over her, 
  finally a place where i can safety deposit my tacos . 
  that 's how it works , right ? 
  here in mexico we have shoe stores that sells from local and european manufacturers . 
  you can almost never find american brands for anything except sneakers and converse , american formal shoe brands are usually considered both too expensive and too low quality . 
  why are american christians so crazy ? 
  it literally makes no sense . 
  at my freaking sunday school was taught evolution is real , and that we should study the bible with an open heart but a critical mind , specially the old testament . 
  i started working out at 30 , been fat all my life , but never had any health problems until now . 
  down 15 kilos and i need to lose another 30 , and i went up 5 kilos last weekend because i 'm weak , but nothing beats the feeling of fitting into your old shirts and having people compliment you on losing weight . 
  hey op , what up ? 
  a bigger insult would had been to send him the console version ? 
  this change proves that even after all those `` entitled gamer '' articles , the consumers can change , and do change the industry . 
  after all the bad pr , ea is trying hard to change ways , they even went to cd projeck to see whats going on there . 
  this is good , is what we wanted , and hope other companies follow ea changing their ways . 
  my shitty budged acer v5 laptop had a multi touch pad , did n't know it was also the greatest gaming device in existence . 
  on the xbone when your netflix box is a ps4, 
  edit : checa la c\u00e1mara de comercio local o las universidades p\u00fablicas que tengas cerca . 
  it seems like every other news on this subreddit starts with `` florida '', 
  first from the left has the best legs, 
  favorite dick film : die hard, 
  favorite chick flick : die hard, 
  favorite summer nights film : die hard, 
  favorite golden week gateway film : die hard, 
  favorite christmas movie : die hard, 
  favorite spanish film : duro de matar, 
  nk follows a `` we do n't need anything from you we are self sufficient '' ideology . 
  imperial strategy for the first up links : use the turrets behind the main rebel spawn point and kill them all , get control of the torrent in the right up link , at will take care of the other one . 
  if you gain air you can do bombings runs . 
  rebel strategy for all uplinks : get an orbital strike , save it , kill at in one shot . 
  the artillery definitely needs an upgrade , as a rebel you get raped by it , and it gest destroyed very easily by the imperials , and the spawn points need to be either n a secure position , or at the very least you should be able to choose your spawn point . 
  but that 's realz , and feels  realz, 
  commenting do i can get back later, 
  chili ai n't even mexican , it 's tex-mex, 
  man how nostalgic , a forum . 
  between image boards and reddit i have n't use one of those in almost a decade . 
  m\u00e9xico 's storm readiness programs are several steps ahead of the us , we deal with cat 3 and 4 every year , if katrina had hit mexico instead of the us the lost of lives would had been a fraction of what it was, 
  update : the storm is now a tropical storm after hitting the mountains behind manzanillo , there are no loss of lives reported on any of the three states affected , but there are several monetary damages . 
  i was a volunteer on civil protection ( proteccion civil ) until 2 years ago , i had worked on during-storm evacuation coordinating with the army and police , and distributing food and water in the aftermath of the almost yearly hurricanes we get here . 
  during this kind of events the army starts the dn iii e plan , set to aid civilian populations , a plan we have worked on since the 60 's . 
  the plan focus on evacuation , providing food , shelter and medical services , and search and rescue . 
  we do n't plan for tourists areas beyond evacuating everybody and providing the airspace for emergency travel . 
  the army also takes charge during dn iii e , and em services become part of the plan working under the army . 
  i know of no presentations after katrina from american em specialists , or any contact from them , beyond a letter congratulating the [ mexican army units providing food , water and medical services on us soil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexican_response_to_hurricane_katrina ) and a presentation of what not to do , based on the botched response to katrina from the us authorities . 
   para usarse en temporada de baja , no fines de semana, 
  cool , so you joined the army , did your 4 years , then started as a consultant using your programming experience , in a well paid position , and also an em especialist giving conferences all around the world , and all that without college experience ? 
  must be nice . 
   [ now , there 's a whole host of people that do n't go to college and do other things instead . 
  i went to the military instead . 
  after my 4 years of service i had 4 years experience as a programmer and got out with a resume that had most places considering me a senior level developer of sorts and landed a nice paying job as a consultant and have made a living doing it for the 14 years i 've been out of the military . 
  for what i wanted to do it was a much better option joining the military . 
  i got out with great experience ( kids , intern in college , it 's about the most important thing you can do there ) and i probably would have partied my way out of school had i gone to college instead . 
  not that i had a ton of choice , my family background was n't very good and i needed to get away and stay away . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3nqqe1/serious_people_who_say_college_isnt_for_me_what/cvqew9s ), 
  yeah , man , i believe you :d, 
  why would anyone do that to their own mind and bodies . 
  seriously , this disgusting habit must stop , we need to educate people and make then see the truth , to make them stop going to r/adviceanimals once and for all . 
  so far heavy structural damage but no loss of lives at any of the three states affected by patricia , last update at 11am local time . 
  the storm was indeed very powerful , with trees uprooted and buildings collapsing in zones close to the beach , thank god for the several factors that helped keep damage to a minimum , but still , props to the government for opening and filling over 1000 storm shelters . 
  structural damage was pretty heavy and we could had have several lost lives , but our decades of storm preparation and planing paid of . 
  do dar , not a single lost life reported . 
  1000 shelters filled to capacity for one , the people in the area are used to hurricanes yearly and know how to ride it out or gtfo to a shelter , and the mountains behind manzanillo shredded the storm . 
  heavy damage reported right on the beach , but nothing mayor inland . 
  by the time the eye was over the beach the storm was weakened by the terrain so much people were going out to buy more beer . 
  you only really need to avoid michoacan and tamaulipas , you could go to michoacan as long you stay in morelia and nothing else in the state . 
  about the bus routes you can take depends on what you want to see , i personally recommend spending some time in mexico city , going to teotihuacan to see the ruins , then traveling queretaro , san miguel de allende , guanajuato , guadalajara , and from there to plan a route with either monterrey or tijuana as final destinations before crusing to the us . 
  i took this tour last year and it was great , you could try it and it 's pretty close to mexico city, 
  i 'm more into fishing and hunting than actual hiking , but there are several hiking guides online , just made sure you are n't entering a problematic area , so hiking in sinaloa and durango is out right now . 
  not gon na lie , i rolled for a grappling hold on the earth , and got a natural 20 , thats how i survived patricia . 
  adobe bricks are n't used anymore , too expensive compared to concrete building blocks . 
  most old houses are made of adobe bricks , including middle and upper class homes . 
  i grew up in an adobe bricks home , and we never had any trouble with cat 3 and 4 hurricanes that hit our area almost every year . 
  i live in a rural area just north of nayarit , the house i bought last year is made with concrete blocks , my sister 's house is the same , ditto with the house my mom bought 10 years ago.my old family home is made with adobe bricks . 
  it 's just not economical to build with adobe when concrete is cheaper , why would a poor person use something that cost more ? 
  the area you are thinking is further south , near oaxaca . 
  colima and jalisco are fairly well off states compared to oaxaca , guerrero and chiapas on the south . 
  not nearly so poor or scarcely inhabited . 
  colima in particular , but also pv in jalisco , get a lot of money from tourism and port trade . 
  well , hitler was a vegetarian ... 
  in other news , egg sales up 800 %, 
  still less ridiculous than fighting emus . 
  must have been one of those sliding glass doors , or a really big window , like , cathedral glass big . 
  [ one of the less glorious chapters in the history of the australian army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ), 
  do n't trust wikipedia man , it 's called that because that 's how gringos eat tacos , with cheese and flour tortillas . 
  somebody later thought he was pretty clever with that freckles thing and wikipedia cited him . 
  you know what a quesadilla is , right ? 
  quesadillla \u2192 queso \u2192 cheese , its basically a cheese taco , unless you are from mexico city , they also do n't really know what a quesadilla is . 
  flour tortillas are mostly only used in northern mexico , and how they are used depends of the specific area . 
  in sinaloa flour tortillas are mostly used in quesadillas and gringas , and in chihuahua/sonora they have those [ big ass burritos made with flour tortillas ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-mhziezdl_ck/ttjp3vwp__i/aaaaaaaaaao/7jmskgnmcqk/s1600/perche2.jpg ), 
   carnitas, 
  good taste , have an upv ...
