  those barbarians !, 
  a high greeleyite count means you are strong in the force, 
  wait , sansa married ? 
  i thought she escaped with little finger , or is the tv just breaking from the novels ? 
   3x is small fat, 
  battle royale , otherkin edition ? 
  because future doctors need all the shortcuts they can get . 
  in post war japan , radiation and fallout is evil and has only bring harm , in america , radiation is a force of good . 
  your use of you 're instead of your is triggering me . 
  funny way to spell mesquite, 
  this is bullshit , i buy my clothes at the `` extra large '' section of my mexican department store . 
  should had kept him away from shitty beer , at the very least . 
  she looks better than her ex wife, 
  lisa watch your bag, 
  got ta be honest , i did n't noticed the misspelling name until they pointed out in the article, 
  i take offense at anything hard shelled being called a taco . 
  that 's a tostada if anything . 
  because us restaurants are the ultimate authority regarding mexican food . 
  there is no such thing as a taco salad . 
  a taco is a tortilla with some filling , the filling can be anything , but to be a taco you need the tortilla . 
  if there is no tortilla , you have carne asada , carnitas , salad , rice , chiles , whatever , but you do n't have `` taco salad '' . 
  it 's not a taco if it has a hard shell . 
  that abomination will crumble at the first bite , defeating the porpoise of a taco , easy to eat . 
  `` poor m\u00e9xico , so far from god , so close to the united states '', 
  i got the witcher 3 for my ps4 cause i wo n't be able to fix my main rig until august and my laptop ca n't hope to play it . 
  i do n't have any issues with the graphics and the game play is amazing , and if you are going to complain about graphics ignoring the amazing game play , why get it on consoles ? 
  i got it for full retail and i 'm glad to do so . 
  it just not that it 's worth it , but it actually feels good to knowing you are supporting developers like them . 
  in fact , i plan to get it again for pc when i fix my rig . 
  get bloodborne , it 's the ps4 saver, 
  well , shit . 
  that 's a real thing , and i need to hit the gym . 
  i got this dialog a couple of days ago . 
  3 insight with all the shortcuts open but before challenging amelia . 
  edit : down voted ? 
  how about blackxicans ? 
  ritch people justice, 
  that can either mean `` donkey dropper '' or `` dumbass dropper '' depending who you are dropping . 
  now for the other two endings !, 
  the first ending you get by simply accepting the way out you get offered , you wake up in the real world in the morning . 
  the second ending is fighting him , you take his place as the new guardian of the hunter 's dream , and the third ending you get by fighting him and consuming 3 special items beforehand , that gives you access to the real final boss , after beating it , you become a new infant great one , and live your new infancy with best waifu ( motherfu ? ), 
  so , no skills , only perks ? 
  i 'll wait for mods to fix the rug elements in bethesda 's rpg fame once again . 
  i recall a piece from around 2011 or so , that recalled the mexican crisis of 94 , and how the painful austerity measures and other lessons basically shielded m\u00e9xico from the worse of the current world crisis ( grow was always around 1 % or 2 % ) and how those same lessons were imposible to learn for spain , greece , and other eurozone countries as long as they had an easy way out , like german money . 
  i think the author was really on point and called the default before anyone else thought ir was posible . 
  guadalajara or monterrey would be great choices for you , but if you want a large expat community for that sweet middle ground , san miguel de allende ( mountains ) or ensenada ( beach ) are great choices too . 
  si no son guaraches de tres puntadas con suela de llanta no me interesan . 
  ya es mi nueva foto de steam, 
  kickstarter in this case is more of a pre-order for games that nobody in the business wants to actually fund . 
  so it 's a case of `` see how many people pre-order for their copy of the game ? 
  there is a market ! '', 
  edit : words, 
  dude , japs do n't care about social justice , game will be the same , only prettier . 
  on that note , this may be unpopular , but i played the game during middle school and never felt like it was something i would like to play 20 years later , i mean , it was good , but not that life changing good for me . 
  i do n't care how much money i make as long as i have enough for vidya and waifu merchandise . 
  you do n't need a new car to get a new car stereo , or just one of those damn usb to fm tuners so you can connect your ipod/phone/usb drive , etc. 
  those cost like 2 bucks , m8 . 
  get a usb to radio tuner . 
  i do n't even need to read the text , the tittle alone is enough . 
  witcher3 and bb are drastically different games , with w3 being heavy on story , and it 's great at presenting story and quest missions that made you care , while bb is all about the challenging , fast paced combat and learning the history of the world the way an archeologist would . 
  but w3 combat is indeed deep and rewarding , one you learn in the higher difficulty modes to dodge , parry , and use magic and bolts in conjunction with you physical attacks . 
  in the end it 's just a case of git gud . 
  i want them to try that when i , a mexican gamer living in m\u00e9xico , post my d\u00eda de los gamers muertos altar pictures . 
  any ideas on what to use as pictures and mementos from the `` dead '', 
  aqu\u00ed lo que importa es que ser mexicano significa compartir una cultura e idiosincrasia , ser mexicano no es una raza , y carlos slim resulta ser un \u00e1rabe mexicano que naci\u00f3 y se cri\u00f3 en medio de la cultura y tradiciones mexicanas . 
  i would sooner vote for trump 's wig , it looks more alive than him . 
  netflix . 
   criminales, 
  well , he got some really shitty consultants . 
  the zune 's failure made me realize the technology market had been take over by fashionistas who cared more for labels and presentation than the actual hardware and software . 
  jeb did go off script in spanish recently and he came off as pro immigration reform , it made a lot of tea party types mad as fuck . 
  on script , he is pretty much like any other gop candidate . 
   arbitrary age, 
  traditionally , a quincea\u00f1era marks a girl as being in marriage age . 
   5 % of the time, 
  oh , it 's much higher than that . 
  in their stupidity , / pol / is really good at guessing the stupidity of others . 
  she probably thinks asami can do so much better than korra in the girlfriend department , and i do n't blame her . 
  for a moment i thought it was an episode of will it blend . 
  the jordanian pilot was burned inside a cage , a journalist was drowned inside another more recently . 
  there is no getting off the ride , and even if there is , in the end the only exit leads to the ride 's entrance . 
  some agency advertised a lot of positions in the newspaper with a single day for all applicants to do an interview . 
  lots of young people , many straight out college or with unfinished studies . 
  some only with a high school diploma . 
  every single one came out of the interview happy with being `` hired '' as a trainer and how they would get to travel all over the state training people . 
  mind you , among the many positions being advertised in the paper ads , trainer was n't one of them . 
  i decided to leave right there . 
  a few weeks later i hear in the news about some people suing the company for making them pay for the `` course work and books to learn how to become a trainer '' and never receiving a dime in return . 
  worst part is , that is n't even the most obvious scam i found while job hunting . 
  why not just vote on sundays ? 
  like every other civilized country out there ? 
  i swear to god you americans just like to make things more complicated than they have any business being . 
  like your whole electoral process ; i mean , an electoral college ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  the greens have really fallen since they were kick out of constantinople , and the blues are still dicks for what i can see . 
  something being or not being somebody 's fault has no bearing on setting that person as a escape goat when somebody with power complains laughter enough and a new ceo steps in . 
  no por que el video no existe , pura imaginaci\u00f3n chaira . 
  i need to translate this to spanish and air drop thousands of prints of it all over peru . 
  first of all thank you for this iama , and glad to know your health has improved . 
  my question is what are your best and worse experiences working with reddit 's user base ?
