  there was some controversy about sending poor income families 's babies to sleep on a box , but the program was deemed successful enough to be repeated . 
   now which one is the prince de la canci\u00f3n ranchera ? 
   roots, 
  you only need 1 % of the population to set a bitcoin wallet and sell transfers for less than it would cost otherwise . 
  remittances are a joke to send avoiding the taxman ( bitcoin tansfers , sending to a third country first , etc ) and tariffs and border taxes are paid by the importer , not the exporter , meaning the final consumer is the one left footing the bill . 
  the only way you would get a hangover from drinking tequila is if you do something retarded like drinking the cheapest brand or doing shots . 
  there is a reason mexicans do n't do shots with the top shelf stuff , that 's reserved for the cheap crap that we sell to spring breakers . 
   white elite, 
  this is how i know you have never been to m\u00e9xico . 
  we got brown motherfuckers driving jags with a white secretary/mistress/hoe4hire , and whites of german decent selling cheese in the street corner . 
  he only sent that tweet after he saw the report on tv . 
  the peso is stronger right now that it was two days ago , it was 22.20 pesos per dollar on the 24th , it 's 21.29 right now . 
  you need to compare it to two or 3 days ago , 15 % fluctuation is nothing , and the bmv is close to it 's historic highest . 
  1.3 % that 's nothing b , no more than normal fluctuation , it was 22.20 two days ago and it 's 21.29 right now , . 
  china already said it was willing to replace the us in a new tpp , and it invested in oil exploration in mexico right as it made that announcement . 
  epn approval rating went up after making that announcement . 
  good luck , seeing how well your army does against freedom fighters in the middle east , i have no doubt it would do equally good against 150 million mexicans and mexican-americans with 50 years worth of access to texas gunshows . 
  a breakdown of us-mex trade will affect red states more that it will affect blue states . 
  it does n't matter if people in ny get madder at this , but it does matter if people in texas lose their job because the company ca n't get the parts anymore or they lose their 130m market and have to downsize , and it will matter to arizonians if they see a tenfold increase in illegal immigration because the mexican economy went down thanks to us policy . 
  there has been a lot more news about china in mexican media recently, 
  [ chinese companies arrive in a silent matter to mexico ] ( http://www.forbes.com.mx/companias-de-china-llegan-de-manera-silenciosa-a-mexico/ ), 
  [ mexico will give more aggressive fiscal incentives to chinese firms ] ( http://www.elfinanciero.com.mx/economia/mexico-dara-incentivos-fiscales-mas-agresivos-que-china.html ), 
  [ pension system and china will pay for mexico 's shared network ] ( http://pulsoslp.com.mx/2017/01/26/pensiones-y-china-pagan-red-compartida/ ), 
  [ china sends 150 art pieces to mexico ] ( http://spanish.xinhuanet.com/2017-01/26/c_136014327.htm ), 
  [ together for oil : china and mexico ( piece about the join deep exploration deal in the gulf of mexico ) ] ( https://actualidad.rt.com/actualidad/227273-mexico-china-unidos-petroleo ), 
  nothing , it 's not about the wall , epn has said in numerous occasions that the us has a right to protect its borders in any manner it sees fit , this is all about the `` mexico will pay for it '' part . 
  it 's not about the actual war . 
  it 's never about the war , it 's about what comes next . 
  there is a difference between hearing about an ied exploding under a military convoy in irak 5 years after the war `` ended '' , it 's another very differently to watch a bridge blow up on your way to work . 
  uhm , actually , no foreign company has any investment in mexican oil currently , aside from the couple exploration wells that where just opened last year to foreign investment . 
  until last year , foreign governments and private firms were forbidden by law to invest in oil in mexico , only the mexican government through pemex could do that . 
  it 's one of the reason for the us-mex split of the 1930s , when mexico nationalized every single well , refinery , and transportation unit in the country , and forbid foreigners from ever investing in mexican oil again until the energy reform came into effect last year . 
  we were talking about oil , right ? 
  not natural gas , which was also a forbidden industry for foreigners until 2015 , whose output and investment is dwarfed by actual oil exploration and exploration . 
  edit : and the link is about texas selling texas natural gas to mexico , not about investing in natural gas in mexico . 
  those are the awarded bids from last year first round , bp and the chinese where the bigger investors in all rounds though , but no actual operation had started in any of the wells . 
  wonder how will this affect the bids , after all , those are no binding for the government . 
  forget central america , how about a blue water base in north america 100 miles from miami to protect their recent investments in exploration wells in the gulf of mexico . 
  if there is any single thing mexicans hate more than foreign troops in their territory is turn of the century american exceptionalism bullshit . 
  and france and the uk , if you count that french island off the coast of canada , and the bahamas . 
  even if pulling out of nafta resulted in a devastating economic crisis , mexicans would still consider it the right move . 
  do n't underestimate just how much mexicans hate american arrogance , perceived or otherwise . 
  remittance tariffs ? 
  people will just send money to canada first . 
  it 's the importer , not the exporter , who pays tariffs . 
  so not even mexican companies , but their us partners and subsidiaries , who will pass the bill to the final consumer . 
  the peso is currently at 21.26 , it was 21.29 this morning , and it was at 22.20 two days ago . 
  i do n't know where you are looking , but it 's not falling . 
  that was the whole point of nafta and the failed immigration reform , to integrate na into a buffer sphere for the us . 
  imagine a world where you are stopping all immigration into the us right at the guatemalan border and eliminating illegal immigration from mexico to absurdly small numbers because most come into the us on legal seasonal low skilled work visas ? 
  and now i have to deal with a news cycle on mexican media about how the chinese are our new best friends . 
  no , it 's not , thats how many pesos you need to buy a dollar , if the number gets lower it means the peso is gaining value , because you need less pesos to buy a dollar , if the number gets higher , it means the value of the peso is falling . 
  that 's only true if you count central america and the caribbean as part north america . 
  that was the big fall , but it is n't falling right now . 
  nafta was the carrot for the mexican government cooperation on security issues , and the fox administration sealed the deal with the scrapping of the estrada doctrine , ending decades of neutrality in the un , by aligning mexican vote on us interests . 
  and i would think the us would prefer keeping mexico as a client state rather than annexation . 
  no , he did n't , he said mexico should cancel the meeting unless mexico accepted to pay for the wall , no room for negotiation , so mexico canceled . 
  because mexico is actually committed to it 's international treaties , and because the ones that end up paying tariffs are the importers , not the exporters . 
  the only way mexico would raise tariffs is if the wto agrees to punish the us for breaking wto rules , and in that case we are taking about the whole block raising tariffs , not just mexico . 
  but this is all fanfiction right in , there is no way in hell a gpo congress is going to allow that to happen . 
  not for the last couple of days , trending down actually . 
  but if the worst come to pass and we enter a trade war , we want the peso to free fall . 
  a 40 pesos per dollar ( with is the current estimate in case of a trade war ) and 20 % tariff , is way better than a 15 pesos per dollar and no tariffs if you are into the exports business , but horrible for you if you want to buy us goods . 
  the first part ? 
  it 's what both analysts and government officials are saying right now in mexican media . 
  the second part about the gop congress ? 
  i 'm trusting more on the corporate backers and lobbyists than the actual politicians for this one . 
  good , that means the americans importing mexican products are going to pay for the wall . 
  glad we cleared that one up chap . 
  now next on the agenda is how to get trump to keep tweeting so the peso falls to 40 per dollar and it becomes even cheaper to buy made in mexico that it 's now . 
  he was jefe de gobierno ( chief of government ) of m\u00e9xico city back in the early 2000 , but thanks to his funny accent , when he says jefe it sounds like peje to a lot of people . 
  it does n't help that the pejelagarto , a type of fish , is typical of his home state . 
  not really , if the peso tanks to 40 pesos per dollar , and you add a 20 % tariff , it will be cheaper to export factory jobs to the mexico and pay the tariff , than the mid 2016 18pesos per d\u00f3lar , no tariffs deal . 
  the only difference is that instead of buying american components to ensemble in mexico , companies will try to source even more in mexico to avoid retaliatory tariffs . 
  maga indeed . 
  there are two million us expats in mexico right now , guess they come from an even worse shit hole . 
  and ireland must be an absolute disaster zone , seeing as there are more irish people in the us with no plans to go back to their potato farms in the old country . 
  the us already tried that , it did n't work, 
  so , removing child labor laws so minors can work for less than minimum wage working in the fields all day long ? 
  well , he did tried to pressure the president of mexico int paying for an unwanted wall project , but ended up being left all dressed at the altar , like we use to say . 
  i did , well , not really , i bought it first then i returned it after a couple of hours of disappointment . 
  i would eat it . 
  sugary drinks are a major component of mexican obesity epidemic . 
  people like to blame eating carnitas and tamales , but it 's drinking all that coke that 's actually fucking us up . 
  [ to illustrate my point , please see this image of an average mexican family groceries . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcq5fhlilm6zf-yytconycfezinutajt2g0thgmkulhxjq9idsfmnbj5hg3z ), 
  almost every single thing manufactured or assembled in mexico has us parts . 
  m\u00e9xico and brazil are the giants in latin america and are leagues ahead of the competition in sheer market size . 
  but while brazil has suffered a recession , mexico has been steadily growing , by an albeit small amount , every year since the 20008 crash . 
  china entering latin america through mexico would mean not only taking advantage to one of the most developed industrial bases in the region , but because they are also the main buyers of a lot of raw materials from brazil and other latinamerican countries , they could potentially endanger the us status as the undisputed leader in the region . 
  honestly , it seems more like a power trip at this point for us mexicans . 
  he is the us president god dammit , and he demands you pay attention to him and do exactly as he says , and if he says you are paying then you are damn sure you are paying . 
  at this point it 's more about forcing people to do something he wants , rather than doing something he promised because it 's the right thing to do . 
  what he does n't get , probably because nobody told him , is that mexicans did not vote for him , are not under us jurisdiction , and have no obligation to full fill his every desire to feel big and important . 
  and that while we are allies and friends right now , it was n't so long ago , barely 103 years , that there was a national call to kill every american in national territory , after us marines stormed veracruz . 
  there is just enough national resentment deep down to fuel a trade war , a complete collapse , i know my people , they would rather watch the whole country burn that capitulate to a hated foreign enemy from the north . 
  and the saddest part is that we where so close to leave it all behind . 
  to believe ourselves friends and partners first , to mock people calling boicots and fostering resentment from past wars as outdated nationalism , but not now . 
  not right now . 
  there is probably a lime tree in the back garden too .
