  diet coke and zero coke , but people complain it does n't taste the same , so regular coke is still king around this parts , [ even pepsi agres ] ( http://www.planetacurioso.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/pepsi-toma-coca.jpg ), 
  same here , dude was probably fired , the text in the image translate to `` that 's how i lost my job '', 
  one month . 
  [ the top 10 reasons students can not cite or rely on wikipedia ] ( http://www.findingdulcinea.com/news/education/2010/march/the-top-10-reasons-students-cannot-cite-or-rely-on-wikipedia.html ), 
  wikipedia should be low on your list of sources when debating , it 's just bad . 
  gm , ford , carrier , and all other corporations from any of the three countries could sue the is government for lost profits . 
  wonder how will the great negotiator negotiate now about something he ca n't talk about . 
  did you read the article i linked ? 
  edditing wikipedia nowdays is a hassle barely worth your time because almost every article has an editor reversing every single change to his `` pet article '' . 
  there are also several academic studies showing wikipedia to be more biased than the competition , [ like this one ] ( http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/do-experts-or-collective-intelligence-write-with-more-bias-evidence-from-encyclopdia-britannica-and-wikipedia ) . 
  in the end , i tend to trust academic wisdom , and current wisdom is that any student paper sourcing wikipedia is unacceptable . 
  even if they talk about it in private , no mexican oficial will ever accept paying a dime , it would be political suicide . 
  the current mood is that we would rather see the country burn to the ground , shit , there are even open calls to remove ourselves from nafta before the us can do it , just to spite trump , that would had been unthinkable only 2 months ago . 
  the only way to change that is to talk about it in open negotiations , and inform the public that 's the best alternative . 
  if you remove that , you are basically signaling that particular point is not worth the hassle . 
  yes , i believe the us has the right to protect its borders . 
  i do n't think that has ever been an issue in mexico . 
  this is all about the `` make mexico pay for it '' . 
  i see bannon is earning his paycheck . 
  nobody will mention jews on his watch . 
  wonder what jared has to say about this ? 
  our side of the border is already one of the most militarized areas in the americas , if you ever travel by road in mexico you will notice an increasing number of military check points the closer you get to the border strip . 
  also , peer agreements with bush , and later obama , we invested in state of the art sensors and cctv , sold by the us btw , to search for tunnels , inside containers , along the border , etc. 
  pe\u00f1a nieto and almost every single political party are also in favor of increasing security in our south border , seeing as the majority of immigrants to the us come from central america now days , and increasing security in the north . 
  the current mood however , is that nothing of that will be put in the table as long as the thread of forcing payment remains . 
  that 's the issue , not the wall , not increasing security , not even expending more for security in our side of the border . 
  is the thread of forcing payment for an uncalled infrastructure project in foreign territory , specially when simply hiring more border patrol and installing cameras and sensors , along with a compresible immigration reform and an expanded guest worker program would be cheaper and more effective . 
  ** triste !, 
  we are living in the narration opening of the next call of duty . 
  hope jt see it the same way :(, 
  remember , hilary would have started wwiii . 
  edit : added an / s because apparently it was n't obvious enough . 
  nobody wants war . 
  does n't mean that it wo n't happen . 
  if diplomacy fails , nations may feel they have no other choice . 
  come on , no need to be that offensive . 
   considering the president of mexico has 12 % approval , it does n't seem the people are patriotically falling behind their president . 
  funny you say that , everybody used to hate epn before this week , his approval rating just shoot right up , his main opposition , amlo of the morena party , just called for full support of the president , and carlos slim just did a press conference calling for unity and railing behind the president . 
  if anything , this is helping epn and his pri party numbers . 
   latinx, 
  por favor detente, 
   cock fighting is totally cool, 
  you need an special permit for a cockfight , it 's only given for traditional fairs called palenques , and some states wont give them even for those . 
  for a permit you need to hire a vet , and make sure nobody uses metal talons or any other shit that could potentially kill the cock , the fights must be stopped if any rooster gets a broken wing or leg , if any rooster gets on its side , if any rooster lowers his head while the other has an erect head or if any roosters stops fighting . 
  most people outside of rural areas do n't like cockfights , and there has been petitions in mexico for many years to stop them altogether . 
  it 's mostly the rural areas doing palenques that keep the cockfights alive . 
   apart from spain , mexico has more bullfighting rings and high quality bullfighters than any other country in the world . 
  i was making a joke about trump supporters making that claim , while trump being the one that seems closer to start a war . 
   latinx, 
  as a latino , please stop using that word . 
  that 's categorically not true . 
  not all latinos like the same level of spicy on their food . 
  [ some even think they like spicy food more than what they can actually tolerate ] ( https://youtu.be/mxtyokp-3go ), 
  nationality is determined by place of birth , among others . 
  to use your example , if the son of an american soldier is born in german soil , he will get both german citizenship ( by place of birth ) and american citizenship ( by his parent ) . 
  we got the wrong simpsons president . 
  edit : ortograf\u00eda . 
  damn , now i 'm going to spend my whole afternoon watching winnie pooh cartoons on youtube , hope you are happy . 
  in mexico we celebrate on the 24th with a dinner , drinks and presents . 
  sinaloa here , we serve radishes , sliced or whole , with our tacos , it 's a regional thing , people on the northwest serve radishes with your tacos . 
  ask for any prepaid sim from any of the three big companies , telcel , movistar and att , for 200 pesos you can have unlimited calls to mexico for a month , the us and canada , and something between 1 or 2 gbs of data , depending the carrier . 
  i saw the expanse on my recommended list on netflix , so i wnet online for a quick summary to see if i should watch it . 
  fucking spoiling the plot twist in the second sentence in your summary . 
  then he should get att , the calls from mexico to canada are unlimited and have no time limit . 
  dunno about movistar . 
  i bought a beautiful rock crystal chess set in alamos a few years back , like the other redditor said , take the tame to visit el fuerte and maybe take the train towards [ barrancas del cobre ] ( http://tara-aventuras.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/a1077.jpg ) or go down towards los mochis and have dinner in [ topolobampo 's ouira bay ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.com.mx/restaurant_review-g3150829-d4717527-reviews-ohuira_bay-topolobampo_pacific_coast.html ), 
  solid ten pesos per can in mexico , around 50 us cents . 
  gigabyte ga-z97mx-gaming 5 s-1150, 
  kingston hyperx fury8 gb, 
  1tb hdd, 
  y como maquina de netflix / bloodborne una ps4, 
  [ or he will stare into the abyss of knowledge . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/998/113/6af.jpg ), 
  mine got fixed when i changed pci slots , so i 'm blaming the mb for this one , have n't had an issue since i change it . 
  should have made the alligator into a transgender , and the parent a black woman , the way it is it 's an easy win for the gorilla, 
  a reason my history teacher ( itesm monterrey , mex ) in college used for the pri popularity is that they had a system that included `` corrientes '' from the left and right , basically changing from a more right wing president to a more left leaning president every sexenio , the reason for c\u00e1rdenas breaking away from the pri and funding the prd was the breaking of that `` pact '' with de la madrid choosing salinas as the next president , trying to install the new neoliberal wing of the party in total control . 
  the splinter of the prd leadership with c\u00e1rdenas at the helm , the totally obvious `` ca\u00edda del sistema '' electoral fraud that installed salinas , and the more democratic ideals of zedillo that allowed true democracy , made the downfall of the pri posible . 
  i still remember a lot of people back when fox was elected ( family members included ) bitching about how `` we knew what to expect of the pri , this new guy , who knows ? '', 
  even the nazis raped jewish and russian women , and they where under an actual government program to paint jews and slavs as subhuman . 
  the idf takes a lot of crap from a lot of people , but trying to use rape , or lack of rape , as a political statement , instead of blaming their military discipline , is just sad . 
  fucking hate it when i 'm stuck somewhere in a video game and and i have to deal with 8 minutes of bullshit , long ass intros , backtracking , childhood stories , and whatever else fills the time needed for 15 seconds of locating the door i 'm missing . 
  ca n't believe that for a moment there i forgot there are people who do n't know steam, 
  pino is a pine tree , a pineapple is pi\u00f1a . 
  mexican here , i have been to habana before and i feel like that 's what americans feel when vacationing on mexico , perhaps even a lower income country like guatemala or barbados . 
  everything was so cheap , i did n't spend a lot but i the service i got felt like if i had spend a small fortune . 
  and getting a girl to spend the weekend with you is super easy . 
  but , i never saw a cuban being hungry . 
  everybody had at least beans and rice , people had smokes and could afford a drink . 
  venezuelans now , if what the recent arrivals say is truth , it 's way worse than anything i saw in cuba , middle class families searching the garbage for anything to eat . 
  no wonder that venezuelans are the faster growing immigrant group in mexico right now . 
  war torn sudan ? 
  you can say that of anyone holding any strong political view . 
  thanks for batall\u00f3n de san patricio , our euroxicans brothers . 
  hey buddy , [ tacos al pastor without pineapple are not real tacos al pastor ] ( https://www.recetin.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/tacos_pastor.jpg ), 
  trump wants to deport non-mexicans to mexico, 
  sam as the us has no said in whatever mexico should accept non-mexicans deported from the us to mexico . 
  there is a large english community in mexico , [ mostly cornish miners that came here in the mid 19th century all the way until the 1930s ] ( http://www.cornish-mining.org.uk/delving-deeper/cornish-mining-mexico ), 
  the new guideline being protested by the mexican government is the one about deporting non-mexicans to mexico . 
  monolingual ? 
  there are cheaper , far more effective alternatives , like increasing the number of border patrol agents , and installing more sensors , that help more to curtain illegal immigration and there is no need to insult a neighbor with demands for payment for a national infrastructure project .
