  remember the name ? 
  i 'm interested in watching it . 
  condorito es chileno ? 
  is n't that just marriage ? 
  the power necessary to generate those signals makes me most frightful that it 's indeed ( even if nearly imposible ) artificial in origen . 
  imagine an alien civilization powerful enough to generate the kind of power rivaled by neutron stars colliding or a black hole tearing itself apart . 
  and doing so repetitively . 
  good looks and typical `` blond hair blue eyes '' european looks would only work if you are trying to become an actor . 
  mexican business men tend to be more impressed by two things , how good is your school and how good are your connections , and having a proper education from a foreign university with some renown helps immensely . 
  check out [ televisa job market ] ( http://televisa.bumeran.com.mx/listadoofertas.bum ) and [occ.com ] ( https://www.occ.com.mx/ ), 
  only 13.3 % of the economically active population earns minimum wage , 57.19 % of minimum wage earners work in the service industry , 26.88 % in agriculture , and 15.27 % in manufacture . 
  only 26 % of those earning minimum wage work a whole business week , with 28.19 % working 4 days or less . 
  only 22 % of minimum wage earners work more than 35 hours every week . 
  source : http://www.milenio.com/politica/salario_minimo-aumento_salario_minimo-quien_gana_un_salario_minimo_5_353414667.html, 
  minimum wage in mexico is not the norm , most people earn 2 or more times the minimum wage , and it 's something associated with day laborers , entry level positions in trade jobs , and unskilled , uneducated workers . 
  the minimum wage is set as a protection for those most vulnerables , and the reason people are against increasing minimum wage is because most people working earn in multiples of minimum wage would increase the costs dramatically for each employee . 
  another point of consideration is infonavit , the goverment program that allows workers to finanse a house . 
  the program works like this , if you buy a house this year valued in 550,000 pesos , you own the infonavit in minimum wages , so you own them 6875 minimum wages . 
  if next month the minimum wage increases to 100 pesos , you still own 6875 minimum wages for you house , but it 's now 687,500 in pesos . 
  this affects mostly poor people , because rich people are less likely to finance their homes through infonavit . 
  aunque la gente se da aires de superioridad por no entrarle al chimpout mexican fest 2017, 
  they did n't believe he was being serious about it . 
  that whole take him seriously but not literally . 
  they basically cherry picked whatever he said that they liked ( he is building that wall and mexico is going to pay for it ! ), 
  but tunned out wherever they did n't like ( 35 % tariffs ? 
  repealing the aca ? 
  no that was just campaign bravado ), 
  well play bizzfeets , well play . 
  las de credito american express son la azul basica , la payback , la gold elite y la platinum credit . 
  me imagino que son como los que salen en los videos de buzzfed de youtube ? 
  jerez is part of the magic towns program , nice little town . 
  if you like centuries old buildings and taking lots of pictures with colonial backgrounds you will love it . 
  there is n't much to do , which actually suits me just fine , there is a nice crafts market though . 
  definitely visit zacatecas . 
  i recommend visiting el eden mine , the pedro coronel museum and the rafael coronel museum , and the archaeological site of la quemada . 
  some safety and general tips for visiting mexico :, 
   try not to travel by night in roads you do n't know , even if the road is relatively secure and there are no thieves around , potholes are a real danger in m\u00e9xico . 
   always choose the toll roads over the free roads , the added security , free road assistance , and cleaner bathrooms in the toll boots are well worth it . 
   if you want to drive , it 's recommended to travel by air and rent a car at your destination , specially if you are traveling to the south . 
  it will help you to avoid people wanting to sell you crap on every corner and to avoid being pul over by a cop wanting an easy `` mordida '' ( ask your relatives about mordidas and transit cops ! ), 
   you do n't fill your own tank in gas stations , they have somebody that will fill it up for you , if he also cleans your windshield and/or checks your tires , tipping 5 or 10 pesos is customary . 
  ( if you are in a tourist area , tipping for regular service will be expected ) . 
   always carry pesos !, 
  if you try to pay for everything in dollars you are going to pay a `` gringo tax '' . 
   always ask your relatives for more specific security tips , most of mexico is safe , specially the cities , but there are some no-go areas . 
   carry a school id !, 
  students usually pay less for transport and admittance to museums , and they will honor your us ids . 
  same , ca n't enter a game , damn shame , we had a really good draft . 
  i 'm doing a clean windows install and i 'll get 16.11.5 , will keep you posted if that works . 
  i did a fresh windows install and the problem still persists . 
  i dont think it 's the card because i can use it with windows basic drivers just fine , but i ca n't use any amd drivers because it 's an insta tdr error and i ca n't even boot unless i go into safe mode and ddu the drivers . 
  how did you know it was your hardware ? 
  did you rma your card ? 
  had the same problem , had to rma my card . 
  the new one arrived yesterday and now it crashes with video_tdr_failure . 
  damn , i just got a new card from the last time i rma it , and now i think i have to send this back too . 
  had the same issues right after installing 16.11.5 , crashes and bsod , i think the card may just be faulty i 'm going to try changing pci slots later . 
  changed pci slots , seems that did the trick , i 'm just worried if my card 's performance is going to suffer in the x8 slot instead of the x16 slot . 
  tortillas de harina y latas de sardina masterrace . 
  some are latinos , including hamilton . 
  what 's the problem with mexicans that actually speak english ? 
  i would pay for an na english language server that 's actually enforced , for communications sake , or even a mex proper spanish server . 
  as it is mexicans end up having to play with peruvians that insist are a speaking spanish , but you still ca n't understand a single word they are saying . 
  nada en ventas o area comercial ? 
  incredible that we are getting buzzfeed to do some actual investigative journalism with foreign intelligence agencies . 
  the fuck is this timeline ? 
  we only think of napoleon having a small physical stature thanks to british propaganda . 
  he was of perfectly average stature for the time . 
  even a little above average . 
  man i 'm loving this manga so much . 
  the man 's name ? 
  albert einstein . 
   ` hispanic ' culture ( in general ) never reaches us , your music does n't play on our radios , your movies and books are known by few and i 've never met someone that learned spanish because one liked it, 
  bullshit , brazil loves el chavo del 8 , and that 's as mexican as it gets . 
  as a dota2 player , peru is a triggering topic for me . 
  the hate against the puerte\u00f1os ( people from buenos aires ) is deeper that the hate any mexican can have against chilangos, 
  que venezuela ? 
  definitivamente . 
  que argentina ? 
  https://mises.org/library/what%e2%80%99s-driving-bolivia%e2%80%99s-booming-economy . 
  atentamente . 
  most drug stores near the border accept us prescriptions , dunno if that 's only in the region or if you can do the same in mexico city , anyway , most drugstores have a small family doctor office attached , for like 30 pesos ( 1.5 dollars ) you can get a doctor to transcribe your us prescription for a local one . 
  edit : you should look into joining imss ; most us retirees i know off pay into de system . 
  probably a little better , at the very least the same . 
  there are more international flights into maza an now , i believe one or two are actual subsidized by the government so you could fly for cheap from the us . 
  the resorts in playa bonita are always great , a couple of festivals like motorcycle week have benefit from more government and chamber of commerce support . 
  there was a spell on insecurity a few months ago so there is added security right now and everything is calm . 
  the golf course near the marina is always great . 
  i actually go several times at year for work , not so much to play , so if you have any tourist traps , restaurants or hotels in mind ask away . 
  i 'm picturing an overly obese couple with the man dresses in shorts , a polo shirt cloth cap , and the woman in a garish flower pattern sundress , yelling to an annoyed german clerk in english , because they think it 's somehow a volume problem, 
  interesante , no sabia que tanta gente se identificar\u00e1 como rojosexual y azulsexual, 
  fuck , made me remember the time jeremy reviewed fury and complained that the main characters were n't heroes . 
  only one of his videos i ever disliked . 
  es el costo actual ? 
  there are no reelections in mexico though . 
  it 's a general election with a new guy taking power . 
  he is the only cabinet pick that r/politics is actually ok with . 
  he really thought that becoming president would mean everybody had to love and respect him , right ? 
  trump 's whole career is about searching for the respect he always deserved , but that those uptight nyc ( jewish ) elites and the pesky media never awarded him . 
  mexico city started doing it two years ago , and other states followed suit last year .
