  you know who i would love to see in a ghostbusters film ? 
  tina fey and amy poehler . 
  i feel like the natural interactions between those two would work great . 
  mostly because of foreign markets , particularly china 's . 
  down here in mexico there does n't seem to be a big buzz about ghostbusters , but that can also means that a lot of people will end up watching it because it 's a familiar name . 
  if anything , foreign markets can still save this movie . 
  what where those toys that sold like crazy for a while and everyone was collecting them , with people `` investing '' by buying rare dolls , until everybody lost interest and a lot of people were ruined when they sank all their money on those toys ? 
  lol that jury woman protecting her purse at 0:48 killed me . 
  i still prefer the [ burns method ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-qetbmchvq&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m22s ), 
  as a native spanish speaker , i ca n't play with peruvians , i just ca n't , i wont ever go to use if i can avoid it . 
  you think communication is hard because your do n't speak the same language as them ? 
  most of the time i feel like i do n't speak their language , they do n't communicate at all but to yell and call names in typical south american fashion , and most mexican players absolutely detest them . 
  as for me , i can understand commands and requests from english speakers , i have a thick accent but i can at least yell going in or back , peruvians wont even try , they do n't do even try to communicate in spanish , they sure as hell wont do it in english . 
  it 's gotten so bad that in our mexican dota group , people would recommend changing the client 's language , and the game 's preferred languages , in order to avoid every other spanish speaker , even other mexican players . 
   singapore , another top-performing nation that also generally disavows test scores , emphasizes teacher collaboration in their evaluation systems . 
  singapore also has a rigorous professional development program which focuses on how to evaluate , mentor , and coach newer educators . 
  teachers are entitled up to 100 hours of professional development every year and often work in teams -- priorities that reflect the country 's philosophy that the key to a first rate teacher force is to provide educators with the right incentives . 
  [ http://neatoday.org/2013/03/25/how-do-high-performing-nations-evaluate-teachers/] ( http://neatoday.org/2013/03/25/how-do-high-performing-nations-evaluate-teachers/ ), 
  if only . 
  cat is sending you a message , next time he will bring a horse 's head . 
  r/frugal _ jerk is leaking . 
  what 's the single most awkward , cringe inducing , interaction you ever had with a fan ? 
  good thing she is surrounded by some of the tallest , more athletic people on earth . 
  i also got a sapphire r9 390 , the nitro edition with the 3 fans , getting black screens with a buzzing sound coming out of the headphones . 
  i usually only get the black screens while playing dota2 ( not a demanding game , even at ultra ) but once i got the black screen by simply having the dota2 client open in the ingame twich.tv stream and alt tabbing to chrome . 
  i have tried playing for a few hours stellaris and did n't get any black screens so far . 
  i was about to try a rma but i 'm reading that this issue persists even with new cards . 
  right now i 'm thinking of either rolling back or waiting it out for a driver fix and using this time to increase my productivity and decrease my gaming hours haha ( killmeplease ), 
  edit : just got a black screen crash simply by watching a youtube video , this si ridiculous . 
  what 's your current driver ? 
  i had have black screens since 3 or 4 days ago , and i 'm pretty sure it happened right after i updated drivers to 16.7.3 , and 16.8.1 did n't fix anything . 
  having the same trouble , with a sapphire nitro r9 390 , for the last 3 or 4 days , random black screens , with a buzzing sound coming out from the headphones/speakers , i tried some of the fixes i got from tom 's hardware ; changing pci slots , uninstalling and re-installing drivers to the latest version , cleaning up fans , making sure all the power pins were properly installed , nothing works . 
  i 'm thinking of rolling back to a previous version , if i can remember what was the last version that worked for me . 
  i also read that undercloking your gpu seems to work , but that 's something i want to avoid if posible . 
  anywhere i can grab them from ? 
  i do n't believe i can download anything but the latest version from amd 's site . 
  thanks , i 'll try it out when i get home . 
  unpopular opinion here . 
  i do n't like jennifer lawrence . 
  not that she is bad actress , i think she is ok-ish , there have been worse and there have been better actress . 
  but there are somethings about here i just ca n't . 
  i ca n't stand her voice , the moment i hear her all i ca n't think about is , yup , hunger games , and she tries to damn hard to be `` relatable goofball , girl next door '' . 
  still , love chris patt , so i 'll probably end up watching this . 
  you are missing the part where they call for the pound of blow, 
  para avanzar en las reformas financieras , medio ambiente , educativa , petrolera . 
  i did a clean install of 16.7.1 ( any 16.7.2 that i could find was the whql ones , those install 16.7.3 . 
  so far so good . 
  just finished a 40 mins game and a 50 mins game and did n't experienced any black screen crashes . 
  lest see if this holds . 
  edit : the dream is over , just had my first black screen crash with 16.7.2, 
  did all that , it only made the crashes more frequent : /, 
  i just check and i 'm still using the november build of windows . 
  will keep you posted , so far have tried increasing gpu fan speed and lowering memory clock ( only gave me a device_stuck_in_thread error every 5 mins of gaming ) using ddu to do a clean install ( did n't work ) and right now i 'm trying using 15.11.1 that a lot of people claim in the amd forums work for them . 
  i used the media creation tool to do a clean windows install and installed the latests drivers and so far i have play for 3 hours and watched a 1 and a half hours video in yourtube without a single crash , plus another 4 or so hours on iddle . 
  i 'm guessing that something failed during the last windows update , as i 'm remembering a few `` windows failed to update '' messages that i had been getting lately . 
  just hoping i do n't get anymore crashes with this . 
  edit : the dream is over , i just had a new black screen crash, 
  so , i did a clean windows install with windows media creation tool , and isntalled the latest 16.8.2 drivers . 
  so far i 'm cloking around 4 hours iddle/twich . tv , 3 hours play time and one and a half hour video in yourtube without a single crash . 
  will keep you posted if i get any more crashes . 
  edit : the dream is over , i just had a new black screen crash, 
  i did a clean windows install and it seems that fixed my issues . 
  i 'm waiting 24 hours to see if i get any other crash . 
  so far so good . 
  edit : the dream is over , i just had a new black screen crash, 
  have n't tried on integrated yet . 
  right now i 'm using clockbloquer and it seems to have stabilized my card . 
  edit : this always happens right after i post , i just got a new black screen . 
  i 'm trying with integrated gpu tomorrow . 
  ok i 'm trying clockbloquer , i have a black screen crash right when i installed it and another right after changing downclock to block , but after i restarted a second time and opened it right away , i have n't had a single black screen the whole day . 
  hope it stays like this . 
  edit : this always happens right after i post , i just got a new black screen . 
  faking an injury or stoping the flow of the game , for example a goalie taking too much time to kick off a ball , will get you yellow carded . 
  two yellow cards and you are out . 
  i feel like i 'm almost there myself . 
  i 'm so frustated that i 'm about to simply go and buy a 1070 , even if it means i 'll have to eat ramen for a few months . 
  i did a clean windows install with no afterburner , only clockbloker , and that did n't work . 
  my system is much more stable now , i only get 1 black screen every ten hours or so , but still maddening . 
  catholic women are n't forced by theology to wear nun 's clothes at all times . 
  nuns adquire the right to wear such clothes with personal sacrifices . 
  now imagine if every single catholic woman had to wear a black habit in italy , with every woman that does n't dress like that being killed or throw acid in their face , and catholics worldwide demanding that such religious rules apply to them . 
  i feel like that should be a seinfield episode, 
   swear to god jerry !, 
  she played beethoven 's 9th with her porkin ' organ !, 
  i have had severals . 
  so far the only thing that helped was downloading clockbloquer and setting the default  downclock to default  block , now i get 1 black screen maybe every 10 hours . 
  on the other hand , ever since i started getting black screens my productivity is way up . 
  china wants status quo , they will not tolerate sk attacking nk the same they will not tolerate nk attacking sk . 
  the biggest lie involving hard shell tacos is calling them tacos . 
  mor\u00ed con le\u00f1ador de bonsai, 
  i 'm also getting constant black screen crashes for more than a month know , but with no recovery . 
  seems to be a driver problem , it 's gotten so bad that there are people who [ ca n't even boot windows because they get an instant black screen and need to boot in safe mode to do anything ] ( https://community.amd.com/thread/204651 ), 
  i like the idea about a permanent portion remaining , but i do n't think it should be as high as +50 . 
  500 years from now people should remember who took the greatest threat the galaxy has faced , but that should n't stop them from continuing politics as usual . 
  i think a permanent +10 , just for the sake of having a reminder about what happen and past glories . 
  kinda like the polish winged hussars , couple hundred years after they defeated the otoman armies invading attacking vienna people still remembered , and maybe someone got a free beer for something their grandparents did , but it did n't mean the rest of europe liked the current poles as a whole that much . 
  i just let them reach critical mass while i build defensive armies . 
  a few revolts here and there and every single problematic subversive element is kind enough to come out and get a laser blast the face . 
  not only during games , but during video streaming and sometimes idle chrome browsing . 
  games like dota2 , deus ex , witcher 3 and dark souls 3 are a guarantee black screen crash anytime from 30 mins to 2 hours of gameplay , and less graphically demanding games like stellaris and warband only get me a black screen after some 4 or 5 hours of gaming .
