   they have at chili 's, 
  eeewww, 
  that 's how colbert saved the elephants . 
  that 's the wonderful part about quesadillas , you add anything as long as there is cheese in it . 
  be carne asada , pastor , carnitas , chorizo , lengua , you name it , it goes with everything . 
  it 's like saying your favorite italian cuisine is olive garden . 
  now if you do n't know what is wrong with that , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  actually , at least in my little region in northeast mexico , we do call black people gringos as long as we know they are from the us . 
  and also a french blackman , but he liked to be called `` pinche negro '' more, 
  chilangos call a bunch of things quesadillas , many of those do n't even have cheese in it . 
  they do n't know shit . 
  if it ai n't a waifu it ai n't shit . 
  good luck everyone, 
  they even got mex steam in mexican pesos last year , and almost everything is cheaper now . 
  i never even played with dogmeat , i like stealth and having a dog running around breaks immersion . 
  way better than the typical `` while people try stuff '' reaction videos . 
  mieeeeeeeerdaaaaaaaaa, 
  compre mi pc por piezas en amazon , me toco comprar de tres partes en un solo pedido , amazon usa , amazon mx , y un proveedor local que tenia la r9 390 barata . 
  laptop ? 
  i do n't see john cena , all i see is potato salad . 
  i can hear the valley girl accent all the way here . 
  most of those things are n't that far off of what we have . 
  automatic cleaning machines ( roombas ) incubators , double decked tourist bus , audio books , if you break everything to the underlying concept , it 's less crazy and more spot on . 
  it 's illegal , at least is mexico . 
  stores caught doing that crap get closed , and fined to oblivion . 
  this happened in mexico . 
  a couple of years back our company hired a new general manager for our office . 
  on his first day , while introducing himself to the assembled employees , not five minutes into his introduction , he tripped himself and fell to the ground , breaking his wrist . 
  he was yelling about how much his wrist hurt until the ambulance came to pick him up , and got a couple months paid medical rest . 
  when he came back , he found out his new nickname was `` mu\u00f1eca '' which is spanish for wrist , and also spanish for female doll . 
  people with other professions just buy a gun . 
  time to clean up the wasteland . 
  maybe only the dirtiest laziest fuck hats survived atomic annihilation , but there is at least 1 man left who knows how to use a broom and clean the place up . 
  bourne supremacy . 
  it was late , we were tired , and that shaking cam was awful . 
  the fact that no one in our group had actually seen the first movie did n't help . 
  he is the guy who did the das2 video in a 80s cartoon style , dark souls 2 : rogue warrior . 
  and anakin was for all purposes dead to obi . 
  it 's the equivalent of a father saying `` i do n't have a son anymore , he is dead to me '', 
  asking to see an stranger 's baby , make faces to an stranger 's baby , smile in the general direction of an stranger 's baby . 
  i live 2 hours from mazatl\u00e1n , but almost everyone on the tourist industry over there speaks english , you should be able to get help in your hotel . 
  afirmativo pariente . 
  came for the awesome but , stayed for the awesome bath setup ( and awesome butt ), 
  main girl did n't want to comfort the side girl . 
  wrong game fam, 
  fun fact , pronouns in japanese do n't work the same as in english , when a new character is introduced many times you do n't know if it 's a man or a woman because japanese prefer to use gender neutral pronouns . 
  was mostly talking about novels and manga , you usually have new characters being referred by others characters as gender neutral , it 's a time tested trope in japanese works , like video games . 
  the labels are n't even that sexy , they fall more into the category of `` pleasant looking female models '' than anything that may give you an actual bonner . 
  as somebody who has worked in sales for both companies , you really ca n't go wrong picking ibarra every time . 
  hitler was a vegetarian . 
  it is n't that interesting , you just try to sell your products to wholesalers , clients that can buy a semi or two every month , and gaing a comision based on the product your are moving . 
  nestle is n't going to pay you jack shit for selling nescafe , that shit sells itself , and with ibarra you needed to pay attention to how your product was selling in your client 's warehouses , you want want to hear a regional supermarket returning 3 trucks worth of unsold chocolate . 
  i live and work in mexico , so the same things may not apply to the us , but national chain supermarkets almost never actually return merchandise , what they will do is ask you as the supplier , for either a discount to sell off the products before the expiration date , or for a discount in their next invoice accordingly to how much went unsold . 
  in the case of the little guys , like ibarra , having to give a discount for unsold product means operating at a loss . 
  supermarkets never actually lose money as long as they keep buying , but if a supplier does n't give a discount bases on unsold products , they will simply take the loss and stop buying from the same supplier . 
  every time you see a product discounted , the price difference comes actually from the manufacturer / supplier , the store still receives full price . 
  in the case of wholesalers , that is , the middlemen who supply mom and pop stores , single store markets , or regional chains with too few stores in a city or two , they will actually ask you to send a truck to pick up unsold product , or for a discount in future invoices . 
  some times they will also ask you to pay for the destruction fees . 
  now , in the case of nestl\u00e9 , selling nescafe only means you get shit commissions , they still pay you , but less than you would earn selling other things . 
  but let say you have a client that desperately wants to buy nescafe , abuelita and carnation for the holidays , you agree to see it to them if they also agree to buy cereal , consomate and whatever new product corporate says we need to sell . 
  that does n't work all the time , specially with the larger players , but selling large amounts of nescafe and just a few cases of consomate , magui , rica pasta , etc , can bring you a nice enough bonus . 
  edit : i work in sales in telecoms now , but i do miss the free kilo of assorted products i got every month while working on ibarra . 
  to clarify , supermarkets always want to discount product taking shelf space , but 9 out of 10 times it will be the supplier paying for the discount . 
  if , lest say walmart , wants to sell off a new line of chocolate bunnies that did n't sell like expected , they will expect the supplier to discount it so they can sell it at 40 % off to the final costumer and still make a profit . 
  if the supplier wo n't give the discount , walmart can choose to still sell it with 40 % off and lose money , just so they can get some of they money back and use the shelf space for another product . 
  in this case , walmart could punish the supplier by not buying from them , so if it 's a small manufacturer , it makes sense to lose some money in a sell in order to keep selling in the future . 
  any po box so i can send your way a mexican flag ? 
  you are really lacking in the mexican flag department . 
  we all know what we use bing for, 
  next time in queretaro go to san miguel de allende , it 's half an hour travel and the population there is like 40 % gringos, 
  `` weak willed '' sounds more like an xcom recruit that needs to serve as ~ ~ cannon fodder ~ ~ a spotter for my snipers to me . 
  que raro , entre las recomendaciones no vi `` tu , tu botella favorita , tu casa , y tu soledad '' . 
  [ even worse ] ( http://sadmoment.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/girl-with-nirvana-shirt-doesnt-know-who-kurt-cobain-is.jpg ), 
  damn , i was getting exited for the great deal on thumbwrestler extreme xll , too bad it 's only a prank box . 
  why is everybody using third party programs ? 
  the ps4 control works perfectly fine for me just plugging it in , no need for third party programs . 
  the best ~ ~ waifus ~ ~ pawns that will be bringing the loot are loli magicians and tall busty dark skinned elves . 
  try to add as any friends with the game to your friend list , there are no level restrictions on ~ ~ waifu ~ ~ pawn sharing between friends , and you can increase your chances to make the best ~ ~ harem ~ ~ party . 
  you ca n't fast travel that easily , you need a rift stone and those are n't easy to get in the first few hours . 
  there are some places only small characters can access , and bigger characters can jump higher . 
  [ i miss chappelle 's show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqtikaonurc&amp;list=plg6hoesc3rae-eb8r_vvdos-59kg3spvd ), 
  his only choice now is to make that chapo movie . 
  it 's it 's 8 to 6:30 , ( plus 24/7 availability via smartphone ) for me . 
  til chicharrones are know to asian coucine, 
  should paint it red , 3x times as fast . 
  [ i actually did n't know the story of the kiwifruit 's name , pretty interesting ] ( http://www.nzhistory.net.nz/the-chinese-gooseberry-becomes-the-kiwifruit ), 
  hahaha no anymore , 
  it 's not unusual for several members in one extended family to be named after the same dead relative . 
  that map is all kinds of wrong , specially the part about guasave and los mochis not being part of the cartel de sinaloa territory . 
  el chapo was captured in los mochis for god 's sake . 
  as a mexican , i find offensive that somebody would want to unironically buy a bottle of jose cuervo . 
  congratulations on your `` no sex ever again ! '', 
  the witcher 3 was under 600mxn, 
  title is misleading , hacker only claimed to spy on political enemies to uncover any dirt , not to actual vote fraud . 
  how 's the lag ? 
  i was on the beta and the lag made the game unplayable for me . 
  as a mexican , i had eaten mexican pizza before , but never had i ever eaten one with tortillas on it . 
  this , he would just eat the pizza at home anyway . 
  at least he is moving around , that 's a net gain . 
  but he does look like the kind of guy who would eat 3/4 of a pizza doing nothing at home .
