  [ you ] ( http://insiderlouisville.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/iguanastacos.jpg ) [ all want ] ( http://www.lidahrakyat.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/authentic-mexican-taco-awesome-decoration-on-mexican-yummy.jpg ) [ our delicious ] ( http://cdn.kiwilimon.com/recetaimagen/13996/6330.jpg ) [ tacos ] ( http://philly.thedrinknation.com/uploads/2014-05-19-tacos-690x420.jpg ) too bad it 's not tuesday, 
  the banana is for reference, 
  again with the 404s . 
  as a 404-kin i 'm deeply offended by idiots appropriating my culture by deleting their bullshit . 
  gringos im my country are immigrants to us and expats to people of their own country , i always thought that was how it worked, 
  remember , sjws do n't want to :, 
   take your comics away, 
   take your games away, 
   censor art or mess with your artistic integrity . 
  women only ever hurt and abuse other women because of internalized misogyny . 
  so it 's still the patriarchy fault . 
  if you go to starbucks for the taste of the coffee , you are doing it fucking wrong . 
  i saw it as a representation of two birds trying to escape , one older and settling in , the other younger and lively , symbolizing the caged have soul of mankin , and how the younger generation leads the way out of the cage , even if it 's to late for the older bird . 
  i 'm so glad i 'm past the age where people has to act as if they actually like starbucks and can go for some real coffee somewhere else , nowadays we only go there to use the wifi and tables if we need a place to work , and using our hipster repellant ( suit and tie ) is super fun to scare early 20 somethings freelance writers from the tables . 
  do n't you use eggs somewhere in there ? 
   what the hell 's going in here ? 
  my thoughts exactly, 
  you just ... google raisins ? 
  how could you not know that already ? 
  do you go to school with op ? 
  is m\u00e9xico white ? 
  we did sent an air division to the philippines after all . 
  search for enb bloodborne videos in youtube , he tells you how to do everything the easy way , and the hard way if that 's to your liking , and he gives some cleaver pointers to beat the guys in the big bonfire in little groups . 
  kill the pyromancer first , he dies pretty fast , then the guy with the lantern and sword , try not to lock on but dodge and hit went you can , finally the sword guy , remember to fire at him with your gun when he goes to his knees , that will stop him from summoning those snakes , and he will be pretty easy as long as you keep dodging him to the right . 
  toast the bimbo, 
  heretics, 
  i recommend playing dota2 , no one cares about your gender as long as you buy wards , but if you do n't you are literally worse than hitler , males included . 
  live in m\u00e9xico , my dad ( and a lot of people i know of ) uses the term lava platos , that translates as dish-washer, 
  hot glue right ? 
   i listened to the audio example from league of legends she offered in her presentation . 
  i found myself wincing at the exhausted whimpers . 
  i do n't know what kind of sex anita is having , but if that 's what it sounds like , maybe more lube would be a good idea . 
  how do those people live with themselves ? 
  i could do it in less any normal day , but i 'm morbidly obese for a reason . 
  what ? 
  this is actually funny !, 
  damn it milo , stop making me agree with you on right wing issues, 
   video store, 
   mix tape, 
  yup , 1999/2000 , can confirm . 
  source : i 'm fucking old . 
  japanese voice actress and pop idol ayala hirano had sexual relationships with everybody in her band but the bassist player . 
  is that normal for a bassists ? 
  is n't that from a movie ? 
  `` oh yeah she is so over him , she is dating that guy from my now !! '', 
  and they both are huge douchebags ? 
  funny seeing that she seems to be trying pretty damn hard to look white in that profile picture . 
  i was maybe 12 when i was reading dracula on a family vacation , in that same trip we went to the [ guanajuato mummies museum ] ( http://www.momiasdeguanajuato.gob.mx/galeria.html ) i did n't sleep for a week . 
  bribery and coercion are still crimes if committed while escaping and will be added to your sentence . 
  basically you will be charged with every crime done while escaping except the act of escaping . 
  and shooting drug lords and other criminals in the back while ` escaping ' is a time honored tradition in m\u00e9xico , as you can shot any non-surrending fugitive with full immunity . 
  you need to be a dumbass or extremely well connected to try to escape a mexican prison , that 's why only few among the big drug lords try to escape , most preferring doing time in conform , in private cells with internet and satellite tv , and unlimited conyugal visits from actresses and singers , and safe from their drug rivals . 
  if you are referring to the title that belongs to the place , you use del ( de el ) when you do n't know the name or do n't want to use the proper noun . 
   de don, 
  if you are referring to the person , it sounds more natural with de, 
  an honest politician . 
  friends ? 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  why do they hate uber ? 
   blaming the black death on innocent rats, 
  [ that 's a lie and you know it . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/u-xwdfzbdw0 ), 
  scythe has the best de scaling . 
  raptors are awesome , what more do you need ? 
  do n't these idiots think muslim is a race ? 
  why did n't he just close the screen ? 
  lion had a better vacation than the kid had, 
  as someone that loved megaman back in the day , they played us like fools . 
  por que no usas spotify ? 
  everybody talks about how great this fight was , but i killed her on my first try just by circling left with a +9 cane with 3 +17 % runes at level 65 . 
  was i over leveled ? 
  did n't felt like i was with all the invasions i had . 
  i saw the lasers in the second phase but even those were trivial because she always shots forward and just circling left avoids pretty much anything she does . 
  i kinda regret now my habit to nope every obvious boss fight and take all my souls back to the dream to level up and upgrade first , taking into account how easy every fight after amenia has been . 
  suscribe to listings and follow people you know have good musical taste . 
  at least that 's what i do in spotify and i find tons of new music every week . 
  i had to check the women 's bathroom every night on my school 's computer centre every night for 3 years . 
  no amount of menstrual blood can gross me out now . 
  i have seen some shit . 
  i just beat the nightmare last night , the 3 beast at the start of the level will spam worms when killed normally even if they are killed in two legs . 
  they play rugby in japan ? 
  wow did n't know that , i only ever watch the casual aussie game on espn, 
  both i think , there is always some game in between f\u00fatbol games , i just let the tv on it so i have some noise in the room . 
  i 'm just mind blow has i always lift my head from the pc and there is some huge aussie with a broken nose grinning lime a madman and now you are telling me little japanese dudes are actually quite good at it . 
  no birth cheese ?
