first time posting in any subreddit , for what matters . 
  i have only made a couple pro gg tweets but i 'm on the list ? 
  seems like a pretty cheap list to be on . 
  i 'm mexican and even we do n't have beans as a side dish in kfc, 
  y de paso , es solo un chiste , who cares, 
  edit : autocorrect, 
  no compres en florer\u00eda de paqueter\u00eda , agarra una local . 
  come to mexico and enjoy doto together , monarchist friend, 
  until the enemy gets a gem, 
  the salvation army hates gay people, 
  have you tried putting a chair on it and riding it to work ? 
  is n't male tears slang for semen ? 
  edit : duplicated comment, 
  surely an hindu family in a part of town where mostly german immigrants live . 
  makes sense . 
  2.2 usd, 
  nice as , but this does n't merit a nsfw tag, 
  varios http://barwyls.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/caribe-coolers.jpg, 
  it 's entirely possible he is an actual alien that landed in m\u00e9xico and then crossed the border illegally to the us to visit his family in roswell . 
  we get those guys all the time . 
  source : i 'm mexican . 
  out of this world . 
  somehow i can only imagine this as an adam saddlers movie, 
  george lucas had a point when he said he did n't watch the new star wars trailer because he wanted to enjoy the film in the theater , but of course everybody gave him shot thinking he was just jealous, 
  i 'm on reddit while celebrating !, 
  i think this is the most anyone has got marshawn lynch to talk this week . 
  safer way would be to either use an airport taxi service or to arrange a pick up directly by your resort . 
  beware that it 's illegal for third parties to pick up passengers on a mexican airport so if they arrange something for you it will probably be an unmarked car . 
  there are quite a few things to do in sma that mostly involve eating , drinking , admiring art , or any combination therefore, 
  i 'm buying all my milk alpura from now on . 
  they are multiplying, 
  is n't declaring a movie to suck just because of the skin colour of the cast , incredibly racist ? 
  still waiting for the part where the nerds win through wacky practical jokes and get the girl before the credits roll . 
  i had to google bindi to know what was everybody talking about, 
  parents must think he has the weirdest case of jungle fever, 
  reddit karma is actually irrelevant in the wide world, 
  at the time , it was actually illegal . 
  the texas-m\u00e9xico treaty had a provision making it illegal for the us to annex texas , the mexican government complain was one of the basis for the mexican-american war . 
  did she punch a twinkle ? 
  you do n't need a stinky yaoi paddle to support the empire . 
  long live the queen !, 
  no mr. 
  bond , i expect you to drive . 
  and so many `` healthy '' women with `` real '' curves . 
  renaissance artists were real chubby chasers, 
  specially with that wide gap between the door and the side panels that seems to be everywhere in the us and is now invading my poor country . 
  what kind of demented mind invented those ? 
  unisex is a loan word in a lot of languages thought , i new what that meant in my language long before i knew to say ` hello ' meant ` hola ', 
  i 'm not persecuted i 'm just an asshole ] ( http://youtu.be/e3h6es6zh1c ), 
  dude is as good as dead if he is kept in a mexican prison and not extradited , he is enemies with pretty much every other cartel out there . 
  traditionally , mezcal is just lower quality tequila that is n't aged the way good quality tequilas are . 
  but you can get high-end aged mezcal now that is indistinguishable from tequila , but it 's sold as mezcal because to be able to legally sell it as tequila , it needs to be from certain special regions within the tequila production zones . 
  basically , any tequila that is n't from those special zones is automatically mezcal . 
  because people 's lives should be judged not by the color of their skin or their sexual orientation , but by their character and what they accomplished in their lifetime ? 
  good thing i 'm a catholic and we only care about the new testament . 
  golden rule ftw . 
   no seas feo . 
   male tears, 
  sometimes sold as merchandise ( mugs , t-shirts , etc ) and purchased by women to low key indicate they perform oral sex . ], 
  ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=male+tears ), 
  i 'm sure there must be more than one plastic surgeon out there that will find the justification to turn you into a wolf, 
   this 6 wolf tits are the real you , but how about we make then a nice c cup ? 
  edit : autocorrect, 
  solo si no checate tu brown privilege, 
  internalized white supremacy, 
  that 's almost like straight out of / pol /, 
  do n't get me wrong , i think this bitch is insane , but freedom of speech only means the government wo n't limit your speech or send you to jail for it , not that there wo n't be any public backslash for the stupid shit you said . 
   not found, 
   the url you requested could not be found, 
  as a 404-kin i find offence people appropriate my culture by deleting their bullshit, 
  edit : autocorrect, 
  that illustration was amazing, 
  i did n't know rwby was that popular to be in somebody 's kin ; but of course they would focus on the mute [ duvalin ] ( http://tienda.mexicoconsabor.com/1799-1423-large/duvalin-fresa-vainilla-ricolino-15-grs.jpg ) [ colored ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/--lxwrdtrcsa/usz87obtusi/aaaaaaaaama/n6abdli2g8a/s1600/imagescargoc4q.jpg ) mysterious fighting girl, 
  why being a boring unnamed dragon or vampire when you can be that popular character/s from that popular series ? 
  i mean , if you believe people can be foxes you can believe people can be the re-incarnation of a fictional character from a totally real parallel universe that some guy think he invented but actually just dreamed or visited in an astral dream !, 
  still , using her as a kin even for 1 trait is pretty fucking stupid when you consider her only traits are being mute , having two colors , the ability to disappear from tin air , and having a strong liking to murder people with umbrella swords . 
  the whole point of fictionkin is that they believe those characters are real in some parallel universe and nobody has ever invented anything fiction , authors are just attuned to that particular universe and writing what they see . 
  you should , it 's awesome . 
  some last minute updates :, 
  the second body was actually found right next to the first . 
  the first body is in a sitting position hugging with one arm the other mummy , which appears to have a skull fracture . 
  a rescue team is currently in the mountain and the final rescue is expected to occur monday , due to weather concerns . 
  where they really gay ? 
  you talking bout mai waifu ? 
  i keep forgetting how young most of this people are , which makes me madder , when i think about all the older people that are actually behind most of bullshit on that site . 
  i , m playing this currently . 
  the feels , man , the feels ; _ ;, 
  and do n't forget like 90 % of japanese games , but i guess those are problematic in their own special way . 
  we are from the church of femistology , would you like a free privilege check ? 
  it seems your are incredibly privileged , but do n't worry , come to our church saturday and we will help you lower your privilege score . 
  every time i hear anything from san francisco all i can think about is the south park episode with the electric cars, 
  streisand effect much ? 
  every time i read `` x was a childhood classic '' i die a little inside because x most likely came out when i was in college or just out of it , and my childhood classics are just `` classics '', 
  this is actually unsettling . 
  4chan hates the new use of the term , they actually used it correctly back in the day . 
  i have a couple of british friends who intent to vote ukip not because they hate brown people ( i hope so it 's true , cause i 'm brown as fuck ) but because if you live in the uk , at least try to act british . 
  we are supposed to be the enlightened generation , and this us vs them thinking is making it possible for parties such as ukip to thrive . 
   buttergolem, 
   ton/tons/tonself, 
  hahaha ha,
