  ideally you should use pesos for almost everything and just have a reserve of dollars for just in case , but if you do n't mind paying a higher tourist tax , most business will take dollars in resort towns , but few will take euros , or give a fair rate for those . 
  i 'm straight , i work in a male dominated environment , and i have shared desserts before , mainly with my former boss , who had both a sweet tooth and sugar problems . 
  and we never had a problem because of it . 
  por que cuando mando mi curr\u00edculo por occ o similar , de cada 10 solo 1 empresa habr\u00e9 ve mi curr\u00edculo ? 
  sometimes i feel like i 'm the only one that uses wasd to move the camera in dota2 , and all the buttons around those for skills and items . 
  i just like to move the camera while moving my hero in the oposite direction . 
  i use the mouse to move the hero and to target only . 
  if i use wasd i can move the camera to the left while at the same time moving my hero to the right , or keep the cursor close the enemy i 'm ganking bottom while moving the camera up to watch for counter ganks . 
  it also feels slower , to move the camera with the mouse , when i can control it directly with the keyboard . 
  at least he did n't ask to see her handholding, 
  feels good living in badhombresland , no isp gives a shit . 
  the point stands , the police has no business having a threaded , armored vehicle , independently of its role . 
  they are patrolling america , not bagdad . 
  bush 2nd is looking better and better every passing day . 
  have you taken any steps to reduce your trade deficit with your grocery store ? 
  on that same note , your boss needs to reduce his trade deficit with you . 
  sad !, 
  looking good , would love more pics as the look advances / you feel more comfortable in your bimbo self, 
  35k de programador en entry ? 
  lluvia de tokens !, 
  wow , where did you teacher got his credentials , the revisionist university of 6000 year old flat earth ? 
  there are , at the low , one million , and at the highest , two million american citizens living in mexico , the vast majority , around 91 % according to mexico 's national institute of statistics and geography ( the institution in charge of the census ) came as tourists , overstayed their visit permit , and now live as permanent or semi permanent illegal immigrants . 
  most of those , are seniors trying to get a better quality of life with their retirement funds . 
  nope . 
  it says saldo , which is prepaid debit . 
  some companies let you bill some services directly to your plan bill , or charge it against your debit in your prepaid , like telef\u00f3nica with spotify , or paying for claro services with your telcel and telmex bills . 
  the way i 'm reading it is that the 3 emergency uber rides are completely free , not only it wo n't use data , but you wo n't have to pay for it . 
  this is misleading , mexico has one of the strictest net neutrality laws in the world , but it affects mostly land and residencial carriers , not over the air mobile carriers . 
  edit : under the current rules , mobile carriers can offer services free as a promotion , but can never throttle , block , or impede in any form access to competitors . 
  he was getting ready to launch trump tv after the election . 
  dark souls , first blind play through , i ended up quitting after dying to the four kings at least a couple dozen times . 
  i came back a couple months later after resting my soul , and beat them in 4 tries . 
  pffff , no sale ni tan cara , a como este tipo de conferencias se manejan . 
  that seems even better than the usual arrangement . 
  is this the guy republicans think was president during katrina ? 
  maybe if they were born in a hippie community in the 60s, 
  mexico does not only `` let in '' guatemalans regulary , but allow guatemalans who are enter the country illegaly to walk away with a 30 day permit to either fix their status from inside the country , return to their country , or travel to a third country . 
  under mexican law , undocumented inmigration is not a crime . 
  there is a legal path for citizenship for people who entered the country without papers , and mexico already takes thousands of refuge applications from central america , only venezuelans ask for more refuge applications . 
  the only reason m\u00e9xico does n't take even more guatemalans as refuges is because they ask for the transit permit and you ca n't force them to stay . 
  apparently , there is only 1 confirmed casuality . 
  this should be higher . 
  if you live in a place where there is constant danger of being blow away by tropical storms and hurricanes , you learn what you need to do and where you need to be to be safe , and the caribbean usually gets the worst of it every season . 
  as i see it , the worst is yet to come , as it hits the bigger islands with inland cities and the mainland . 
  that 's after restablishing contact , and after the pm of antigua and barbuda traveled to survey barbuda , got in contact with local officials , and came with the 90 % lost of structures in the island . 
  that 's after restablishing contact , and after the pm of antigua and barbuda traveled to survey barbuda , got in contact with local officials , and came with the 90 % lost of structures in the island . 
  i would . 
  they build with cement and bricks in the caribbean , to cope with normal storms and hurricanes , it is n't like seeying a bunch of wooden houses get ripped to shreds in tornado alley every year . 
  the gulf of mexico is n't an ocean , it 's part of the atlantic , same way as the caribbean is part of the atlantic and the sea of china is part of the pacific . 
  knowing that the gulf of mexico and the carribean are part of the atlantic ocean is elementary school knowledge . 
  it is n't to anyone with an elementary school level of basic geography . 
  shit , here in mexico the talk radio is already salivating at the influx of highly educated english speakers . 
  there is going to be an adjustment period and it 's going to be extremely hard on them , but at the end it can only mean good things for our work force and productivity . 
  this is on part with the alhambra decree . 
  that 's a false equivalent , a more correct one would be like asking a scot where he lives and he answering `` the uk '' and you getting mad because you do n't think of scotland when you think of the uk , even if any fifth grader knows scotland is part of the uk . 
  there is a working theory that when cern did the higgs bosson experiment and was able to observe for the first time the particle , we were send to an alternate evil universe where everything is fucked up . 
  this is why it 's going to be so hard for any dreamer to return to m\u00e9xico , the first time they try to push for cultural appropiation , or for politically correctness , they are going to find themselves pushed back hard . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mexico/comments/6x35cj/vista_de_la_nueva_biblioteca_del_itesm_campus/dmd3pj1/ ), 
  how did destiny 2 ran before your card decided commit sudoku ? 
  good bot, 
  good bot, 
  the fisherman 's wife and the fisherman 's wife 2 : the retentacling, 
  sniff harder doggo, 
  i was going to say , because i 'm his mind they are both cheap whores , and having the expensive one at the same time as the cheap one , he is telling us they are the same . 
   the french must 've believed the mexican empire still exists . 
  they are onto us, 
  new video by veselekov, 
  status : unresolved, 
  computer type : desktop , custom build, 
  os : windows 10 64bit, 
  motherboard : mb-gigabyte ga-z97mx-gaming 5 s-1150 c/audio/red ddr3 3000 ( oc ) / 1600/1333mhz/hdmi / dvi/usb 3.0 / atx, 
  cpu : core i5-4690k haswell s-1150 3.50 ghz 6mb 4 cores 88w 22nm, 
  psu : evga 110-b2-0850-v1 80plus psu 850w , bronze, 
  ram : kingston hyperx fury8 gb ( 1866 mhz ddr3 non-ecc cl10 dimm ), 
  description :, 
  i have had my gpu without problems for a year now . 
  but for the pass week , i 'm having frequent black screen crashes when i 'm gaming or watching netflix/youtube , it 's a black screen with the monitor staying on , and you can hear the sound of the game/video for a few seconds before it turning into a constant loop or buzz , the only way to recover is to do a hard reboot . 
  i had 16.7.3 installed when it started , so i upgraded to 16.8.1 . 
  the crashes continued , first i tried changing pci slots , cleaning the fans and making sure everything was connected right . 
  the crashes continued to i then used ddu to make a clean install of 16.7.1 , a driver that was stable for me before upgrading , and after 2 hours of gaming in dota2 with everything high , and then opening a youtube video in fullscreen , the system crashed to a black screen with the sound described coming out of the speakers . 
  what really worries me is that 16.7.1 was stable for me , before , but now it 's crashing . 
  is this still a driver issue ? 
  or is there something wrong with my hardware ? 
  any way to make sure my mobo or my gpu are n't dying ? 
  update : did a clean install , got a black screen after 12 hours of continuous use , trying clock blocker now to see if it resolves the issue, 
  update 2 : got a blackscreen with clocikblocker after maybe 10 hours use , it happened while browsing reddit . 
  got a second blackscreen right after restarting . 
  so far i 'm guessing it 's an issue that 's more likely to happen if the pc has been on for some time . 
  status : unresolved, 
  computer type : desktop , custom build, 
  os : windows 10 64bit, 
  motherboard : mb-gigabyte ga-z97mx-gaming 5, 
  cpu : core i5-4690k, 
  psu : evga 110-b2-0850-v1 80plus psu 850w , bronze, 
  ram : kingston hyperx fury8 gb ( 1866 mhz ddr3 non-ecc cl10 dimm ), 
  description : yesterday i got a new card after i rma the last one . 
  i installed the latest drivers and started seeing today artifacts on my screen , follewed by constant tdr errors , and several bsods . 
  i tried uninstalling both my card drivers and my igpu drivers on save mode with both amd cleaninstall utility and ddu , everything works great if i use windows 's stock drivers , but as soon as i install the newest 16.12.2 drivers the error and crashes come back . 
  something i noticed is that there is no atikmdag.sys in system32/drivers , and that there is no atikmdag.sy _ on the amd setup folder , but rather the full atikmdag.sys . 
  i notiched this when i was trying to follo this instructions,
