  oh ok , looking at your post it can be interpreted both ways , so i got confused . 
   that 's a lie , you all are poking fun at the uk for trying to leave . 
  am i wrong ? 
  all on reddit maybe , but there are a lot of people who hate eu in the eu , i can assure you . 
   seriously though ; to be fair , europeans do it to the usa all the time as if we are a homogeneous , monolithic people when really we are closer to what the eu would look like if it ever federalized . 
  yes , it goes both ways and we should work on it , although i think it is a bit easier to think about the us as one country ( one president , some maps do n't bother showing the states etc. ), 
  more takeaway food , cheap markets , half of our top students are vietnamese . 
  other than that it is not very noticeable . 
  i think it is more surprising , that she was so surprised . 
  i would think that any country with christian tradition celebrates easter . 
  my country is very atheistic , but we still have easter and `` celebrate '' them . 
  first and foremost any question is better than no question . 
  anyway , my favourite starts : `` since all europians ... '' just no . 
  there probably is n't single thing that is the same/we all do across europe . 
  americans often think how usa is diverse , but then often forget , that the europe is at least as diverse as the usa if not more . 
  in drinks and restaurants , yes . 
  in home pretty much only in summer when it 's hot . 
  mcdonalds style where they put more ice than the drink in your glass is not very popular here . 
  pretty much the same as what / u/vertitto posted . 
  you can tell we are neighbors . 
  i checked my bills and unlesss i missed something it would appear that you are right . 
  i honestly remember costing it around 18 000 , but that appears to be total bullshit . 
  i corrected my op . 
  czech republic . 
  mandatory theoretical and practical lessons . 
  theoretical are technically optional , but you are pushed hard to attend atleast five . 
  then you have to take around 15 practical lessons ( driving around town for about an hour ) . 
  driving license here costs around 410 freedom dollars ( keep in mind that average pay in the us is three times higher than here , so for most people it is almost half of their mothly income ) . 
  99 % of people get driving license . 
  some do n't care for it and yes for some it is too expensive . 
  my guess is 70 - 30 for glassses . 
  we do n't really have a choice since we have two foreign languages in elementary school , but i would learn anyway . 
  new language opens you more job oportunities . 
  people always rather use their native language than english . 
  besides learning new language is quite fun . 
  if you cheat a bit , then it is possible in my country , although you have only around 120 $ to spend . 
  mate , you are asking bunch of strangers question top economists cant answer . 
  there is this one small website something like www.google.com or something . 
  you should try that . 
  shooting as a sport and guns in generall are reasonably popular . 
  in cz the usual approach to almost anything is that if it is not directly bothering you , then people dont care . 
  we have 10,5 mil . 
  citizens , 300k have firearm license and there are around 750k guns . 
  you can encouter this in capital cities where it 's almost impossible to park your car . 
  this sort of behaviour is definitely not common or ok at least in central and northern europe . 
  cia waterboarding , guant\u00e1namo and billion other things we dont know about . 
  since you liked pilsner urquell , you might want to try another czech beer - czechvar . 
  soccer and badminton . 
  we also played p\u00e9tangue , but that might have been just a fashion wave . 
  i think you ask us pretty weird questions quite often . 
  you guys seem to have lot of misconceptions about europe . 
  the amount of hours is impossible to tell . 
  there are shit schools and good schools and there are good students and bad students . 
  i study at a one of the more challenging schools and we had 30 hours per week in class and then i spent entire weekend doing homework . 
  in total school took on average at least 10 hours of my day plus comute , but then again you have people who show up once a week , copy their homework , cheat on tests and have a lot of free time . 
  hi , you might want to check [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4gkakwvoaw ) out . 
  good point . 
  exactly . 
  we had a tv show that aired for years which basically revolved around asking people questions like : what year is it ? 
  what century is it ? 
  who is george bush ? 
  and guesssing how many people get it right . 
  of course they picked the stupidest people they could find , so only one or two answered corectly . 
  but it is not in english , it is not on the internet , nobody outside knows about it , so we seem ok . on the other hand thirteen year old mike in usa who has 80 iq points unfortunately ( barely ) speaks english , has acces to internet and will happily share his fire challenge on facebook . 
  well that is a shame, 
  i have to say some of those questions gave me chills . 
  i hope russia can change its stance on lgbt, 
  i think some of those are known to general public and you should be familiar with almost all of them if you 've attended any decent highschool . 
  i found three czech websites in two minutes that sell unc hardware , so getting it would be no problem for me . 
  i think we are still waaaaay too diverse for one state , but when the moment is right , sure . 
  we should be heading towards one nation worldwide if we want to colonise the universe . 
  that is not very popular where i come from . 
  very few people take a year off and half of them do , because they failed their entrance examinations . 
  tesco is from the uk ? 
  cool . 
  yeah , quick google suggest in 2010 we had 147 tescos ( although that includes even small shops , not just the huge supermarkets ), 
  most people i know commute to work and pick up groceries on their way back in the town they work in . 
  i personally park at tesco , so i just put it in the car and go . 
  the tesco is in a city 15 minutes by car from my town . 
  if we need something small on the weekend , we go to local shop in the town which is 5 min walk , but that is because the town is very small ( 3500 inhabitants ) . 
  most people buy in supermarkets though , because it is cheap . 
  most people here dont even know the rules of football so ... 
  where i come from for teenagers 15 + summer jobs are common . 
  czech republic : 1 . 
  ice hockey 2 . 
  football 3 . 
  whatever we might win on international level at the time, 
  in my mind this is mostly about tabloids and such . 
  varous celebrities suing media for lying about them . 
  czech country , which is softer than the american one , has some popularity . 
  it is not the mainstream by any means , but it is reasonably popular . 
  most people unforunately dont know the difference between ours and american country , so they probably know some american songs from radio , but that is about it . 
  american country is not my favourite genre , but it is pretty good and calm music to listen to imo . 
  good explanation . 
  pretty accurate . 
  shame on me !, 
  i am watching way too much house of cards . 
  in the capital you would get by , outside you would have problems . 
  most young people speak at least conversational english . 
  people over 40 little to none .
