shooting yourself in the head is better than uk top gear after clarkson left . 
  yes . 
  afaik aside from private schools all unis are free . 
  do n't forget that second foreign language is mandatory already in elementary school since 2013/2014 . 
   your ancestors ran away from your homelands and did n't have the backbone to stand for your motherlands in good and in bad times two world wars are nothing ? 
  i do n't know why americans do this . 
  it is nice to take interest in your ancestors , but i do n't know why is it such a big deal . 
  my country had huge german minority untill the end of ww2 , then we had all those russian and american soldiers who saw our pretty girls who were very grateful ... so we probably have diverse ancestry as well , but nobody gives a shit . 
  it 's pretty much the same here . 
  except for the hungarian language . 
  nothing . 
  we were required to have textbook only for english , but all textbooks are available in the library for free . 
  people also scan them and upload online . 
  i have never heard anything bad about russian immigrants . 
  my experience is that they learn our language very quickly and are educated , or come here to study . 
  some of them prefer to stay with other russians rather than integrate , but they dont cause any problems afaik . 
  it is common . 
  pretty much all top unis are in the capital . 
  i presonally didnt move , but half of my class did . 
  equal . 
  some countries in the eu are doing better than the us , some are doing worse . 
  kunda is bad word for vagina in czech . 
  jokes about german customers are then made very easy . 
  try our beer , bread and dumplings . 
  ( but not all at the same time ), 
  as you can already see we do n't have european , each country has its own , although the famous ones are also sold abroad . 
  in cr we have [ \u010cty\u0159l\u00edstek ] ( http://www.ctyrlistek.cz ), 
  no , but we used to . 
  i 've heard it only in movies from the 80s . 
  marian reforms . 
  they made roman armies more efficient , but also were primary cause for the fall of the roman republic and the rise of the roman empire . 
  without them the roman empire would have looked very differently and with that culture and history of entire europe . 
  i ca n't speak for whole europe here , but american words are similliar to ours more often . 
  for example truck , chips . 
  some words are easier to remember , because you can see the logic behind the word e.g. 
  sidewalk , fall , elevator . 
  american english is easier to learn because in my experience americans tend to use less words . 
  when they need strong adjective , they just add very , when they need adverb , they ad - ly at the end . 
  brits in my experienc use more words and their pronunciation varies a lot depending on where they come from . 
  that 's my experience of ten years consuming english speaking media , take it for what you will . 
  british . 
  but thanks to american english being easier , the accent more natural and american culture everywhere we end up sounding more american . 
  the shawshank redemption or pulp fiction, 
  i did n't assume so , i just got surprised that some people do that . 
  although considering what some people wear these days it should n't really surprise me . 
  wait americans wear pyjamas in public on a plane ? 
  wtf ? 
  nailed it, 
  czech republic . 
  we have the highest consumption per capita for a reason . 
  ( but it probably really depends on your taste ), 
  chinese . 
  chinese food is very popular here , but it is made ( mostly ) by vietnamese and is neither chinese , nor vietnamese . 
  not everyone . 
  it doenst prevent these things in the us , i do n't know why it would here . 
  i do n't have a problem with people , who must have a licence and keep the gun in a safe storage , having a gun . 
  it is not about stoping dedicated terrorist groups . 
  the point is that your everyday joe that got mad because his girl left him cant just go , buy himself a gun , get drunk and then shoot 5 people in the bar . 
  yeah , i do n't want to tell you guys how to live your life , but that american dream/self made man idea has been taken too far and causes a lot of unnecessary suffering . 
  nevertheless i understand that it is a fundemantal part of your culture and national identity , and to be fair it is a noble idea . 
  there is thin line between noble ideas/principles to live by and stupidity . 
  usa might be a little on the wrong side now . 
   toddler shooters . 
  i mean cases where toddler find guns , play with them and shoot somebody . 
  just unload your gun and keep it somewher safe . 
   forcing too much tests on children . 
  afaik some states force huge amounts of tests on students . 
  is n't it called standardized tests or something ? 
  it seems to me that kids are under a lot of pressure . 
  in my country the only serious tests are entrance exams ( grammar school or high school and uni ) and final exams . 
  you have to fail like 10 tests to fail in elementary or high school and the only thing that happens is that you have to repeat the year ( paid by state , naturally ) . 
  very secular . 
  one of the least religious countries in the world . 
  aside from few people from my mothers side of family i have never met religous person and that is the case for most people . 
  monopolies of internet providers . 
  the cost of textbooks and education in general . 
  forcing too much tests on children . 
  metric system . 
  my house was build in 1920s . 
  the oldest building i set foot in today is from 1757 . 
  wow that is surprising . 
  most of the talent shows i had in mind were from the uk , but most of the reality and game shows are from that company . 
  they always market it as worldwide phenomenon or `` popular in america '' or they air the american version , so people have no idea that it is dutch . 
  big bang theory , how i met ... , friends , house of cards , all those csi : city , castle , studio 3o rock or however it is call , even the older stuff like cheeers , step by step , married with children etc. 
  the bad are at least for me big brother , the voice , talent shows , some shitty sitcoms, 
  we get most of the good stuff and some of the bad stuff . 
  we are not so hot on reality tv . 
  that came here years ago , but pretty much died since . 
  also talent shows are slowing down . 
  last but not least sitcoms with lot of puns , because they are ofthen impossible to translate . 
  no , epsecially here in cr . 
  we have a lot of vietnamesse here , so you would blend right in . 
   how should i dress ? 
  jeans and t-shirt , wear sport or outdoor shoes , if temperatures allow do n't foget socks in sandals . 
   what should i say ? 
  popular choices include corrupt politicians , prices of anything , wheather , other people complaining too much or cherry pick a country and point out the one thing they have better than us and complain . 
   what should i do in everyday life ? 
  work hard , but not too hard , do n't forget to take little something from your company , we all know they are rich bastards and do n't deserve it . 
  in your free time drink beer , do some gardening , mushrooming , if you are in a city , then do whatever you want . 
  you should check out / r/askhistorians if you want to get proper answer .
