  my sister speaks 3 . 
  my mother however , yes only english . 
  most new builds do use mixers . 
  mine are all mixers . 
  single taps are actually cheaper this is probably why . 
  at least we are n't savages that use only cold water in the toilets ... :d, 
  i voted remain , as did 48 % of our electorate . 
  but now i think our exit is inevitable so i want us to get on with it . 
  i think you will find that the majority of the brits do n't have any hatred for your country or people , we just want to live our lives like everyone else . 
  and the majority do n't seem to like or trust our government either , so is it right to hate an entire country for the actions of a few ? 
  i hope you will remain in the eu ( as i hoped we would too ), 
  i did n't know we did . 
  can you tell me what you 're referring to here ( seriously , i did n't know we hate you being in the eu ? ), 
  i think you might have a happier life if you let go of your prejudices mate . 
  we are not all evil colonial bastards you know . 
  you think ireland never did anything shameful ? 
  seriously , calm down man you might live longer . 
  i mean you do n't . 
  it 's what they want . 
  you claim to be pro democracy , yet you do n't support the wishes of the gibraltar electorate . 
  why do you hate the brits so much ? 
  you know the current generation are not responsible for ireland ? 
  you think we have a say in it ? 
  ( as i already said , i 'd be in favour of irish full independence ) ... would you be mad at germans still ? 
  they killed one of my grandfathers , i ca n't blame germans today for it ... 
  does n't support the will of the gibraltar people . 
  good one . 
  oky doky then . 
  if it makes you feel good spout whatever anti-british crap you want . 
  i do n't think you are really interested in engaging in any sort of debate or discourse but it seems you are purely only interested in being racist online . 
  good day sir . 
   that 's not an argument to be made by brits . 
  we were n't the ones making the argument . 
  the gibraltar people made that argument . 
  we supported it naturally but i doubt we would have had a leg to stand on if they had voted for independence . 
   gibraltar voted by over 90 % to remain eu citizens but by british democracy that does n't count for anything completely separate issue . 
  and for what it 's worth i agree with you about ireland . 
  although not all of your countrymen would agree especially those in ni right ? 
  but i do agree with you here , i think if a country votes for independence then that 's what they should get ... 
  i 'm not blinded by nationalism or some undying love for british democracy ... we 've had our shameful moments for sure . 
  also who is to say gibraltar wo n't stay in the eu . 
  there are many many parts of the brexit negotiations revolving around gibraltar . 
  more than for any other subject i think . 
  it 's entirely possible they will get to remain , although that remains to be seen . 
  i can see you do n't particularly care too much for the british , fair enough . 
  having lost family members due to the ira i 'm not particularly fond of the irish despite the fact that my grandparents are irish ... 
  try to not let it ruin your day  i do n't let it cloud my judgement as i said i would be happy for ireland to have it 's independence and i do n't understand why we keep insisting on retaining it although i can see the argument from the ni guys . 
  i do n't let it cause me to spout vitriol online though ... 
  well the people want to be ruled by the uk . 
  they voted it twice at least . 
  spain has colonies/overseas territories in morocco , why do they need to be there ? 
  gibraltar has been ruled by the brits since before spain was even spain . 
  they do n't want to change themselves ... most of them there now are not exactly `` brits '' from what i 've seen the spanish or spanish descendants outnumber the brits in most of the businesses there . 
  if the people wanted to be ruled by spain , they would be . . but they do n't . 
  as for why it is n't taxed the same , i suppose in my theory that it was to help their economy ? 
  i have no idea really . 
  the inhabitants want us to be there , that 's good enough reason is n't it ? 
  your personal feelings aside it 's more up to the gibraltarians than anyone else . 
  but uk is not spain ? 
   what other reason do the bris need to be there ? 
  i pointed that out already . 
  due to the taxation rules , most uk insurance / gambling companies are based there . 
  and because it 's a strategic intelligence gathering listening post for gchq . 
  i guess you want to be anti british or think that the brits should not be in gibraltar ? 
   what actual use is gibraltar to the uk anyway ? 
  no ship can pass in or out of the med without passing the straits of gibraltar . 
   so what ? 
  so , the navy can easily patrol the med from that point . 
  why ask the question if you want to ridicule the answer ? 
   global thermonuclear war shall we play a game ? 
  no ship can pass in or out of the med without passing the straits of gibraltar . 
  it 's why they have a key on their flag . 
  there is also a huge listening post on the top of the rock . 
  a number of british businesses are based in gib due to taxation rules . 
  this is why . 
  i was basically pointing out it can get as hot here as some parts of the us but we do n't use air con . 
  thats what i was trying to get across . 
  and it has been 30 + many many times . 
  wikipedia averages seem to be a bit . . incorrect . 
  imho as a londoner . . 
  yep . 
  but the infographic was talking about a person as an individual would use less electric . 
  so that must be domestic no ? 
  ( i guess it could have factored in the use of public transport ? 
  would like more info but it 's not given ) i like how arlanda express reminds everyone that it runs on renewable energy . 
  would n't mind learning where from ... maybe the bikes in the ticket hall hahah :d, 
   we do have energy charts on appliances . 
  ok then i 'm misinformed , and it 's been a while since i lived in fl back then all i ever saw was `` energy star '' which told me nothing . 
   and comparing london heat to most of the us is kind of silly . 
  how so ? 
  rain falls more in fl than in london . 
  last summer it reached 33 degrees c in london . 
  it was cooler in fl ok you have more sunny days but we often get hot summers and we do n't have air con units at least it 's not anywhere near as popular for us as it is for you ... 
  i love your country btw , i 'm not criticising it . 
  i wish i could live there again . 
  i suppose this could explain but then also most of the us ca n't seem to cope without air conditioners ( it can reach 30 + c in london too but its rare to see an air con in british homes ) so i would still have thought us would use more energy . 
  the us does n't seem to be very energy efficient and the average citizen does n't seem to be too bothered about being green ... nor does the government ( no simple systems like the eu energy charts on appliances etc ) i would invest in heat pumps if i were heating with electric . 
  there are even cold climate ashp and gshps that work down to like -40 c, 
  i know . 
  i have to work in nordics occasionally .
