or rig elections ... 
  every time i read this `` pound falls '' stuff . 
  i google pound vs dollar or pound vs euro . 
  no change ? 
  what gives ? 
  is it so minute that it does n't make any difference ? 
  it was 1.241 # to $ 1 yesterday and today it 's # 1.2429 to $ 1 but at lunch time yesterday it was also # 1.2459 to $ 1, 
  do you live in bletchley / near bletchley park ? 
   it 's just down the road from me . 
  i go there quite often . 
  love station-x . 
   just the majority in england and wales . 
  what a disgusting statement . 
  not everyone who voted leave did so because of racist/xenophobic reasons . 
  many did it ` cuz muh sovereignty etc. . . ( not me , im a remainer ) but to make such a blanket statement about our country is frankly , disgusting and racist . 
  yeah did n't the owner of wetherspoons and owner of jcb come out as for brexit as well ? 
  i think it was also a case of silent majority ... many did n't speak at all because of some sort of fear of being branded an idiot/racist . 
  am not pro brexit btw , but i believe it 's fair to balance things . 
  i think there probably was a fair amount of protest votes going on though but was truly shocked at people who voted leave then got what they asked for and supposedly regretted it ... i mean how stupid can you be ? 
  ironically i think president obama may have actually helped push some people over the edge as they saw him and kerry as interfering in british politics and was another case of the us telling us what to do . 
  it was interesting watching the recent debate in the house of lords the number of pro-brexit lords and the number who voted to leave ... some tabloids would have us believe that almost nobody in government voted for leave . 
  the individual membership is supposed to be so that those of us who did want to stay in the eu can be a sort of individual member by paying a fee and retain some rights . 
  i kind of agree with both sides of the argument about freedom of movement . 
  people should be free to move within the eu , however , lets say 1.5 million people ( ok this is a very large exaggeration but just an example ) decide to move to your country ... it represents a huge strain on public services/healthcare etc. 
  it 's a very tough choice to make . 
  we have freedom of speech too , however it does n't mean you are allowed to say anything you like . 
  there are limits to this freedom as well . 
  is n't verhofstadt going to offer people the individual membership ? 
  if that 's on offer i think i 'll go for it . 
  i do n't think we ever wanted to totally get rid of freedom of movement , we wanted to be able to control it . 
  to not let in millions of people if a country can not handle it . 
  but eu was basically saying nope , you have to let anyone and everyone in . 
  we asked for ability to control numbers but were told no , only the `` emergency brake '' was offered . 
  i do n't think we ever really wanted to say hey , we do n't like freedom of movement at least in my opinion this is how the government stance appeared to me when cameron was still in charge . 
  there of course will be brexiters who did want to stop 100 % of immigration but , well , they 're nutters . 
  thanks bud . 
  appreciate it . 
  well i can see pointing out the law is gettting me nothing but downvotes ... . . soo ... people in / r/europe have claimed that we can not negotiate without a50 . 
  to my knowledge nobody has used the term `` illegal '' no . . but how can people say we can not or are forbidden when it 's not the case . 
  france has not said they will leave ? 
  we had a referendum . 
  all i was trying to suggest ( but maybe this is the wrong sub ) was that it 's not wrong , not impossible , not against the lisbon treaty to have discussions before giving a50 . 
  eu leaders have said they want us to state our position about eu citizens living in the uk . 
  we have said more than once that we would * like * to guarantee those rights but that we would also * like * the same for our citizens in the eu but the eu has refused even to discuss it . 
  discussion is not negotiation . 
  i agree with you about the delay , it 's embarrassing for us as well . 
  especially those of us who voted remain as i did . 
  i am not `` pro brexit '' however , i do want us to get on with it and naturally i would like to know that my job is safe as i have to travel all over the eu and i would like to know that my friends living here are also safe . 
  i do n't think it 's wrong to reach a tacit agreement on this . 
  even before a50 . 
  so how can eu leaders ask for clarity on the status of eu citizens without doing the same for british citizens ? 
  yes sorry i did n't mean to even imply that you did . 
  but several people on here say we can not talk before a50 as if it were some kind of law . 
  several eu politicians say it as well . 
  but the reality is it 's not a legal requirement at all, 
   uk wants to start talks before art50 triggering which we can do . 
  there is nothing in the lisbon treaty which says we can not . 
  this is just a hardline from brussels . 
  it would actually make more sense to begin talks ( not official negotiations ... talks ) before a50 but since we are now a month away i suppose it does n't make much difference today . 
  but several lawmakers have pointed out there is nothing wrong with and no law against it before notification . 
  edit : here 's a good example  one frequently hears it said that there can be no `` pre-negotiation '' before the uk triggers article 50 . 
  this is misleading . 
   the second paragraph of the article specifies that `` in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with [ the withdrawing ] state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union '' ( my italics ) . 
   . much as some might like to do so , brussels enthusiasts can not plausibly maintain that construction of the framework has to be part of the negotiations : were that the intention , the words `` taking account of '' would have been replaced by `` including '' . 
  nor can the framework form part of `` the guidelines provided by the european council '' ( to quote another part of the article ) . 
  again , were that the intention , the point would have been made specific in that context . 
   until the uk gives assurances on a multibillion-euro brexit bill and citizens ' rights . 
  but what about our rights in the eu ? 
  i 'm worried a lot about my job now as i have to work all over the eu . 
  i would like to know what my rights are . 
  before anyone says i shouldnt have voted xyz i voted remain ... from what i 've read , the uk has said it wants to guarantee rights of eu citizens but the eu wo n't reciprocate . 
  rather it says that no negotiation without article 50 ( which by the way is not correct ) and yet this article says that these `` backers '' want to know about eu citizens rights in the uk ... well what about us too ? 
  negotiation is a two-way street . 
   i was supposed to be working at the time !, 
  i apparently get paid to browse reddit too . . 
  you forgot cottage pie man . 
  how can you forget such an amazing national dish :p oh and cornish pastie mmm, 
  do n't forget faraday , he did a lot of the leg work , but was n't mathematically minded and maxwell built a lot of his equations around the work of faraday . 
  would have been fun if you had joined us though . . https://www.theguardian.com/world/2007/jan/15/france.eu people think we dislike the french . 
  we truly do n't . 
  at least most people i know love you , your food , your wine . 
  we aspire to try to speak your language and cook your food . 
  i know people give us crap about our food but it 's really not that bad even though i do say so myself . 
  i personally love france , brittany , lyon , niece are great places to visit . 
  i eat lots and lots of french foods yummy . 
  yeah probably true for many ( although at least they know the most important phrase eh ? 
  if they are over 40 they probably do n't speak much of other languages . 
  but i 'm in my early 30s and french was mandatory . 
  i chose to study german in addition and learned russian as well . 
  the problem for us brits is we are n't exposed to much foreign media . 
  many of my eurofriends watch tv in english , listen to music in english etc etc but it 's totally different for us . 
  we are influenced by uk and us media only so we rarely get to speak it . 
  but i know many english friends living in france and spain and they speak excellent french/spanish . 
  tourists on the other hand yeah they probably wo n't even try . 
  i also enjoy practicing my languages when abroad , i speak a little dutch ( well nederlands , sorry ) and enjoy using it . 
  however , i 've met a few rude parisians who look at me like wtf are you saying ... what do you want ... when i try to speak french yet my french colleague at work says he can understand me just fine ... so many people are reluctant . 
  but we do speak other languages , 
   they speak english , only english and nothing but english total myth ... but we 'll allow it . 
  ( at minimum french is mandatory ) i speak 3 languages . 
  my wife speaks 4 .
