  scratch away at the surface and you 'll find the same kind of ethno-religious hate that is so familiar in the balkans . 
  at the moment , there 's huge anti-catholic and anti-irish marches going on in the u.k. from glasgow to liverpool to belfast . 
  what do people expect but when you have a supra country made up of 4 different ethnic groups , the `` british '' identity is just a fantasy for metropolitan english liberals . 
  i 'm confused to why i should care about immigrant no go areas when i do n't care about the no go areas that are ethnically european ? 
  in fact some of the worst `` no go '' areas are populated by my fellow europeans , ask some people in my city who the ethnic group they dislike the most is and they 'll throw poles , romanians or bulgarians under the proverbial bush . 
  hell according to the internet your countries pop . 
  is 13 % of which half are non westerns , what do people thinks going to happen ?!, 
  that a group that makes up less than 7 % of the population is going to take over ? 
  cant tell this is meant to troll me or to troll those who consider themselves british ... 
  6 % is too many . 
  if you get into bed with the saudis and allow them to peddle their shite what the fuck do you expect to happen ? 
  the terrorists attucks in the uk were done by british people , not refugees . 
  gypsies are from india , not africa, 
  they 're gypsies , do n't know where your getting palestinians from . 
  in all fairness , it 's an easily misinterpretable phrase is you are n't familiar with harry potter, 
  i wish for a world free of religion , i do n't wish to tear down churches or gas anyone . 
  most americans who can afford to come to europe are from higher on the socio-economic ladder , sure they 're loud and obnoxious but they 're usually very nice and tip very well . 
  / r/scotland threads are most about independence or tourists looking for information . 
  only 1 rule : no s * lad, 
  i believe in eradicating religion , do n't come to europe if your going to hide your face under a black postbox , we do n't want you here . 
  we do n't care , we neutered religion once in europe we 'll do it again . 
  secularism  religion, 
  you 've a cheek to talk about war crimes considering the actions of the british army in ni . 
  get a life and stop fishing for a pointless argument . 
  believe it or not , some pakistani 's are decent people . 
  you do realise that after muslims , its your people the average racist brit hates ? 
  could be the influence of the saudi wahhabis drowning out the rest of the imams with their endless pile of oil money ? 
  why is it that the pakistani community refuses to integrate you think ? 
  yep bacci bazi or whatever it 's called which ironically was banned under taliban rule . 
  the issue is that it is a pakistani and to some extent an issue in afghanistani communities . 
  i think it 's unfair to generalise a whole religious community because of the actions of pakistani 's or afghanis . 
  the level of development across the me varies greatly from country to country and to assume someone from syria or iran is as backwards as those in afghanistan or pakistan is simply wrong . 
  maybe it has to do with where each immigrant community comes from ? 
  are the pakistanis in these english cities coming from poorer areas where backward traditions still have a foothold ? 
  those who do n't believe in abortion are free to not have them , just do n't go denying others the choice . 
  those backwards orange marchers also exist in my country aswell sadly . 
  yes they 're denying them a choice . 
  we integrated the community we got better , there is only one area i can think off of the top of my head on my county that could be defined as an `` asian '' . 
  maybe we got the better educated ones , maybe we did n't create ghetto towns whatever the reason we seem to have better relations with the asian community and therefore have no rape gang incidents and or home grown extremism . 
  are these pakistani rape gangs coming from europe ? 
  in the u.k. 
  it seems to be a pakistani issue . 
  as far as i can see it 's a pakistani problem , do n't see anything about syrian or jordanian or iranian child sex rings . 
  are you deliberately taking things out of context ? 
  use the full quote  in their eyes at the time , the brits were no different from the nazis . 
  in their eyes britain to ireland was seen as an occupying force trying to wipe out their culture and nearly crippled it with the famine , so yes they came to be seen as bad as some people view the nazis . 
  i 'm not saying the brits are the same as nazis , i 'm saying that to those they oppresed themselves they would have been seen as no better . 
  theres nothing there in your quote that suggests they knew about the holocaust , they were anti-semetic like almost every other catholicism dominated country at the time . 
  nothing in your example suggests any prior knowledge of the holocaust , it 's just bog standard antisemitism of the day . 
  no i 'm not a holocaust denier , do you see me denying the death camps ? 
  the numbers ? 
  that really is a reach, 
  no one knew about the holocaust till the end of the war . 
  britain has a loooong history of fucking with ireland , in their eyes at the time , the brits were no different from the nazis . 
  freedom of movement with anzac will never happen , they would be swamped with british people . 
  how does one `` make ones country better ? '', 
  after all the brits did to ireland why the fuck would they support them ? 
  so its foxhunting without the killing aspect ? 
  or am i completely getting the wrong idea ? 
  tbh i imagine foxhunters in america would be camoed up in dune buggies wielding ar15s, 
  really ? 
  pretty sure all our islamic terrorists were born here to parents from britain 's former colonies . 
  leaving the eu will do jackshit to sort that out . 
  i live in one of the whitest areas of the uk , trust me i am far more wary about white youths than asian or black ones . 
  did n't seem to help england . 
  you ca n't generalise the whole country , 45 % voted for independence . 
  you agree with the 55 % as i agree with the 48 % who voted to remain . 
  so because the eu is n't treating you like you want you take it out on someone smaller , what a bunch of fucking chickenshit cunts you are . 
  it 's the attitude that pisses me off , the same `` we run the uk and everyone else is an afterthought '' that made me believe in leaving in the first place . 
  poor wales . 
  what do they have to do to get a mention ? 
  and just like you brexiteers we can tell you to stuff your nukes up your arse . 
  what is the uk going to do ? 
  invade us to make sure we hold onto their nukes ? 
  i 've no issue with sorting out a timeline to transfer them to a different base but if you think you can threaten us to keep your nukes forever your mad . 
  store our nukes or we lock you out . 
  that 's a threat . 
  yep well worth it mate . 
  ah threatening us , and you wonder why i want to leave . 
  i 'm not suggesting it 's a punishment , more its the end of an era . 
  without scotland technically there is no uk anymore as the united refers to the union of parliaments and crowns . 
  i 've no doubt the ruk will survive but it 'll be changed . 
  really i just think brexit is terrible idea , my whole family is still pretty shocked that england and wales voted to leave . 
  i 've no interest in this brexit shite , i 've no interest in being ruled by tories , i 've no interest in maintaining the union . 
  you brexit morons pushed my dad , who hates nationalism , to vote for the snp . 
  if scottish indepedence happens england and wales will only have themselves to blame . 
  it 's alright some of us are trying to organise an exit from the uk . 
  trust me no ones illegally trying to get into the backwards dump part of the uk you reside in . 
  i 'm sure some people do . 
  probably because the regressive immigrants came from our former colonies and not the eu ? 
  it 's not . 
  you do realise the british age of consent is 16 ? 
  you come from the most insignificant and irrelevant part of the united kingdom , `` you '' wo n't be seeing to anything , the bigwigs in westminster will . 
  they 'll happily throw your irrelevant 6/9 of a province under the bus to keep voters in more important parts of the uk on their side . 
  i was born in scotland , just never registered for a passport ever . 
  you mus n't have much pride in the uk either seeing as your sporting a st georges cross rather than the union flag, 
  i 've never been on or owned a british passport so i barely count myself as british . 
  no of course not , just a good chunk of them . 
  i see them marching down the street every summer with their flags and drums , if they ar n't nationalists then the snp or sinn fein aint nationalists either . 
  the people switching from labour to tories in scotland are most definitely nationalists , they 're cut from the same cloth as ulster loyalists .
