  the best thing for israel/palestine would be if global warming induced sea level rises swallowed the whole thing up and we 'd never have to hear about it again . 
  because it 's not a fucking country , we 're not having own version of northern tucking ireland , we 're leaving as one cohesive unit shetland and the orkneys included, 
  they would get straight up denied . 
  make your own government , evel is retarded . 
  is n't that the case in most countries ? 
  maybe you should pressure gov into promoting english identity more, 
  i 've met alot of british before english types but not that many british before welsh/scottish, 
  do n't holiday in scotland , wales or ireland then because calling them english is going to illicit an unfriendly response, 
  [ who ? 
  ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/sjhstob3wvjjm ), 
  good to see a fellow patriot waving the union flag !, 
  rule britannia, 
  regions mate , britain above all . 
  do you even flair bro ? 
  that does n't look like a st. georges cross to me, 
  there is no such country as england mate , only britain . 
  you are british , now eat your cereal . 
  wheres your union jack ? 
  do n't you believe in the uk ? 
  england is just a region, 
  catholic schools in scotland are state run, 
  there 's significant ukscepticism in scotland as well, 
  and an even larger amount more significant amount voted to stay , 62 % in fact, 
  in england and wales you mean, 
  pretty sure ignoring ni until the shit is hitting the fan is standard british government policy, 
  it 's not swedish these idiots are after , it 'll be anyone with a foreign sounding accent , the swedes get scooped up in the big net . 
  i do n't imagine they were specifically targeted for being swedes i 'd think these were people who respond negatively to any perceived foreign sounding accent . 
  ca n't see anything but a tory gov for the next 10 years at least , do n't want dragged out the eu , want all decisions for my country to be made by people in my country etc i could go on . 
  i honestly could n't predict the vote , i think there 'll defo be another referendum in the next few year i can only hope we make the right decision this time , especially now that we 're being dragged out the eu by england and wales . 
  andy murray 's huge here , we have n't produced many great sports teams or persons as long as i 've been about so it 's nice to see a scot being world no 1 . in something at least . 
  i think his achievements are particularly inspiring seeing as he was a survivor of the dunblane massacre when he was only a child . 
  england , you know when you live with a friend and all the annoying wee things start to really grind your gears well its been 300ish years of that . 
  also the biannual `` this is our year '' during euros or the wc really starts to grind my gears when its all you see in the tv , papers everywhere you look basically, 
  hopefully not , when she goes part of the fabric holding the uk together will die which suits me well . 
  on a personal level but i 've not got any real beef with the queen , she 's just an old lady who goes to banquets and cuts ribbons, 
  the ironic thing is , in ruk the union jack would be seen as a the symbol of the right wing nationalistic racist football casuals . 
  there 's probably a fair element of truth in that . 
  i 've always kind of seen british and english as being synonymous and perhaps am more protective of my own culture as subconsciously i may feel it 's under threat from a larger dominent culture . 
  i was more curious about the whole british before english which to me was interesting as i 've seen it before and it 's always english people who do it bar the ultra brit wackos in the north of ireland . 
  i still do n't understand the point about schools at all but . 
  the scottish school system is completely different to the english one , exams , grades , curriculum . 
  i 'm not trying to argue that there are no cultural similarities between the countries in the u.k. but there are things that i feel make each country distinctive and because of that i see the english , welsh and irish as essentially `` foreign '' to me just as the french or germans are to higher extent . 
  the school system is completely different in scotland so i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  you could argue a lot of those points about ireland but good luck telling them they 're british . 
  fair doos , it 's just not something i 've ever felt , whenever i 've been in a different part of the uk i always an distinctly aware that i am in a different country . 
  although there 's definite things we share in common , i feel that 's more an english speaking thing which would include straya/nz rather than a distinctly `` british '' thing, 
  why british first ? 
  it seems to be a trend among english people to say british first whereas i 'd imagine in ruk most people would say scottish or welsh first . 
  [ good times ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unop0gkpdeu ), 
  aye i do n't recall ever seeing a uk team at the world cup, 
  hope you enjoy us making brexit an absolute nightmare and killing off any good feelings between our countries . 
  blame england and wales , i never wanted to leave, 
  i still ca n't work out if your a parody of a flegger or not, 
  do n't confuse economic uncertainties for love of the union . 
  the people who wave union jacks up in scotland and who love the queen often enjoying marching down the street early in the morning banging drums and singing about how they are superior to catholics . 
  i ca n't wait to see the daily mails headlines if we do, 
  ah well i 'll just have to wait till brexit completely destroys the uk till we get noticed . 
  ignored or forgotten again , how predictable, 
  probably because no one gives a shit about ni , in the u.k. pecking order you are firmly at the bottom and rightfully so . 
  internet speed on the trains in scotland : 0kbps god how i hate our shitty , extortionate british trains and buses, 
  in fairness the u.k. had a 30 year civil war in northern ireland . 
  what commies or disrespecting war memorials ? 
  i 'm no royalist , in fact , i 'm a republican but i prefer charlie 's to lizzie but i can tell you for a fact he pales in comparative popularity to his mother . 
  if he achieves anything near the modicum of popularity liz has then i 'll be incredibly impressed with the pr team . 
  remember liz has been on the throne since the 50s i think , there 's few people who remember a time before her . 
  if ireland goes , then scotland will . 
  keeping ni in the union and be queen being alive are main issues for some of the weirder hardcore unionists , without them the emotional case gets shot to shit . 
  take that back , there 's nothing wrong with a smooth pint of tennants, 
  seems pretty safe where i 'm sitting in scotland . 
  aye i 'll believe that when i see it while i sit in my 92 % white country . 
  what planet are you on ? 
  / r/scotland has been mostly political bickering for about 6 years now, 
  in all fairness it 's a festival , not a gig . 
  britain does n't have a culture , you have english , scottish , irish , welsh culture etc. 
  although i agree with the point that it 's going to be easier to integrate ukrainians than somalians, 
  if english was n't the lingua franca of the world then the uk would be totally fucked . 
  no internal uk borders , referred to as england * triggering intensifies *, 
  you 've already given up 81 % of it ... 
  i have an irish passport . 
  my family are from the catholic side of ulster . 
  i 'd call 30 years of the troubles a civil war . 
  well spare a thought for those of us who 've had to listen to the songs , the insults and the hate . 
  it 's hard to identify with the union jack when the majority of the time you see it , it 's accompanied with lyrics like `` the famine is over , why dont they go home ? '', 
  or how they 're up their knees in fenian blood . 
  it happens in england , although to a much smaller degree . 
  i 'm talking about this [ shit . 
  ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/15386620.video__police_launch_investigation_after_group_sings____famine_song____at_glasgow_orange_walk/ ), 
  i 'm not sure , ulsters trash are all descended from scots mostly which may have something to do with it and the fact the football teams are divided down ethnic lines here . 
  it 's definitely sectarian , they are n't marching down the street because they love rangers they 're marching to wipe it in the face of catholics . 
  i 've lived here all my life , i 've taken abuse off of strangers because they 've noticed my name when i 'm at work . 
  you do n't know shit , orange marches shut down whole towns and even glasgow city centre every year . 
  it 's got fuck all to with the edl . 
  i 've seen it with my own eyes year in year out . 
  at least 50,000 members in scotland which is more than ni i believe , that 's not even including family members and hangers on . 
  i 've heard the chants , the songs about being up to their knees in my people 's blood and how we should `` fuck off home because the famines over '' . 
  it 's very prevalent in west central scotland where i live . 
  orange marches all time around june/july . 
  as someone who s family is from ulster i ca n't stand them , it 's part of the reason i 'll never get a british passport , why the fuck would i want to be part of a country that 's treated people like me like it has and still does in some places . 
  hell we still have segregated schools in 2017 . 
  the u.k. is a just a slightly better functioning yugoslavia with less ethnic cleansing and shittier beaches .
