you do know irish people ar n't british ? 
  well we voted to stay and most people see the benefits and i personally love the idea of being able to live in germany , france , poland or other member states but because our larger neighbours print media thinks your bursting to the seams with refugees we 're being dragged out . 
  all i can say is thank god my mother comes from the nationalist part of northern ireland and my eu citizenship is secured with an irish passport i got through her . 
  it 's alright , plenty of people do it and without malice . 
  it definitely has contributed to my lack of feeling any sort of british identity although i understand how people assume uk/britain = england . 
  trainspotting was set in scotland , not england btw . 
  always kind of feel like culture from the smaller parts of the uk is ignored . 
  hopefully that will change if scotland achieves independence . 
  that very well be the case but i think that since 62 % of the electorate voted to stay in the eu there 's a least a claim to be made for another referendum . 
  if yes loses this time it 'll kill the idea stone dead for a long time in my opinion . 
  i believe there 's no harm in having a referendum . 
  if yes loses it 'll kill the idea stone dead for a long time . 
  your saying that because 38 % of people arnt for the eu there 's probably more than 50 % of the electorate who would n't vote to go back in ? 
  i 'm a firm believer in the belief that if you do n't vote you ca n't complain, 
  45 % did n't want to be part of the uk , i do n't see anyone bending over backwards to listen to what they have to say or think . 
  being part of the eu was a large part of better togethers campaign to stay in the u.k. . now we 're fucked either way so we should at least get our say again . 
  if we lose the idea will be fucked for a long time like quebec so i do n't see why unionists are so against it . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that their views should considered ? 
  i live in scotland , have done all my life . 
  i know what scottish british nationalists are like , they 've made me feel unwelcome and ashamed of the country where i was born every summer because of my ethnic heritage so frankly i do n't give a flying fuck what they think . 
  it 's factually wrong . 
  62 % of scots wanted to stay . 
  38 % , please stop giving the leave vote an extra 2 % which it did n't get, 
  well that 's me convinced l, 
  you got any proof for that ? 
  no one mentioned english nationalism unless you think english and british are synonymous . 
  apart from hating israel how does iran act against western allies ? 
  i 'm well aware they 're human . 
  these camps are not states , they 're squalid places devoid of any semblance of normal life . 
  throwing 2 different ethnic groups into the mix is only going to lead to tension and violence which probably is n't helped by the disproportionate amount of young men in these camps . 
  it 's got nout to do with ethnicity , if you housed the same populations of any european ethnic groups in these camps you 'd see the same results . 
  segregating them by ethnicity removes this risk and allows easier processing . 
  no i mean housing all the syrians together in one unit and all the afghans in another unit . 
  it would make processing them alot easier too i imagine . 
  it 'll stop these ethnic riots , these people have very little in common bar islam . 
  who had the stupid idea to house them all together ? 
  what do you expect when you through a bunch of different ethnic groups in a small space ? 
  they should segregate refugees by ethnicity to stop these ethnic riots . 
  but the songs are not comparable , one concerns a young couple being torn apart by the famine and being sent to australia while the other is just about shooting down germans . 
  the equivalent would be if irish fans started singing about ira snipers killing british soldiers . 
  imagine belting out `` there were 10 british soldiers on the road and the ira from ireland gunned them down '' , it would be considered pretty inappropriate . 
  the irony is , the irish suffered far more than english people did as a result of the troubles yet english football fans hold onto their `` fuck the ira '' chants at games yet you wo n't go to an ireland germany game and hear `` fuck the british army '', 
  no that 's what i ca n't understand about it , no one else in the uk sings it , does england not have enough culture of its own for better songs ? 
  the rugby fans seem to have found some . 
  i mean your national anthem does n't even mention england , scotland gets more mentions albeit under the pretence of rebellious scots to crush . 
  people seem to struggle to separate englishness and britishness down south . 
  one is a song of tragedy the other is just a triumphant boast . 
  it 's only england that ever sings it aswell , never seen fans from ruk singing it . 
  i do n't think you can compare the tragic ballad of the fields of athenry to 10 german bombers . 
  not really , i have an eu passport , i can leave anytime i want to . 
  we 're all god 's children, 
  i 'm just a cynical fuck to be honest, 
  we 'd never get any cooperation for more devolution or a federal uk . 
  i have no faith the uk anymore , not the gov , not the people . 
  i did n't campaign for leave , i did n't share leave propaganda , i simply ticked the leave box on the day . 
  i do n't think we 'll be going back into the eu anytime soon , too much daily mail and express has poisoned the minds of a good chunk of the pop . 
  to be anti-eu . 
  i simply decided to reward them by voting leave so that constitutional crises pop up that cause cracks and wear in the foundations of uk pushing it slowly towards eventual breakup . 
  for independence . 
  england and wales want their brexit they can have it . 
  fuck the union , we 'd all be better off without westminster, 
  38 % stop giving yourself an extra 2 % . 
  62 % of scots voted to remain . 
  i am actually one of that 38 % , i voted out to fuck the uk over and get another indyref . 
  i wonder who 'll get thrown under the bus first , those in ni or those on the rock . 
  i remember them saying that about wilders, 
  my mother always called it a fadda but she was irish so maybe it was a local thing , i 'm sure in school the french teacher called it a grav or something . 
  arnt those called faddas ? 
  the posh ones go the us where strict border controls keep out the criminals , our white trash brits go to europe . 
  the politician who created the religious garment law i presume . 
  the ra are long gone but . 
  the dup are still stuck in the past opposing gay marriage and believing ireland is run by the vatican . 
  in the interests of fairness i think i should point out that i 'm well aware of the free states backwards policy on abortion and i think it 's a disgrace in this day and age . 
  look up northern irish loyalists and you 'll see what cesspit he 's crawled out of . 
  cheers , ignore the other cunt, 
  we 're just going to draw a big line across the english border and rub the one out you 've got in ireland . 
  you can keep wales . 
  it 's alright , we 're planning on trying to ruin our map aswell , 
  there was a vigil in glasgow for him so he 's not universally despised in britain . 
  i 'll do my bit . 
  think your just going to have to get used to us throwing a shitfit every time we do n't get what we want . 
  how original . 
  aye my mother is from tyrone and my dad 's family is from cavan and all over the place . 
  went to catholic school , unofficial school motto was `` tiocfaidh \u00e1r l\u00e1 '' . 
  never met a catholic who wasnt a scottish nationalist/irish republican so the idea of any catholic in the uk being pro-monarchy astounds me . 
  are these english catholics ? 
  because i live in the west of scotland , i am catholic and there is a deep culture of irish republicanism in the catholic community here . 
  are they still doing that ? 
  i thought they just burnt wood pellets and then paid themselves these days, 
  81.25 % independent  0 % independent, 
  yes yous are , we ar n't independent , you are . 
  what part of britain do you live in ? 
  every postbox is covered in tags and stickers in glasgow , even in the suburbs, 
  are you trying to insinuate celtic people 's do n't exist or that they 've never faced institutionalised prejudice in the uk ? 
  unless they vote for an mp representing a party that proposes a indyref which is incredibly unlikely, 
  30 years ago , i 'm not against devolution so that the islands are represented better in scotland , i am against them staying with the uk in the event of a indyref yes vote . 
  we 're not starting independence with our own version of ni . 
  the difference being that there is fuckall appetite for independent islands in scotland , its just the same bollocks to damage the cause , spain will veto you , the islands will leave and rejoin the uk . 
  no they fucking well wont .
