  but in my experience , this is how things are . 
  explain what people would benefit from when half the romanians on the internet are too dumb to even construct a proper sentence in the comments section of a shitty article about an irrelevant celebrity . 
  i mean , really ? 
  when was the last time you checked on of those user-created facebook pages or the comments section of a newspaper ? 
  these are the same people that 'll give their vote to someone in exchange for a kilo of flour . 
  educate them first . 
  then we 'll talk about giving them voice . 
  pretty much the impression denmark left on me . 
  also , a great thing you have is the bycicle thing . 
  here i ca n't ride a bike to the university without being nearly hit by three cars . 
  the infrastructure you guys have for bikes is amazing . 
  actually , no . 
  rds has been doing this since forever and they pretty much have a monopoly in the western part of the country . 
  their prices are actually going even lower . 
  not surprising , really . 
  it 's not always the companies that do this , though . 
  the bus drivers themselves are idiots . 
  also , how did you survive ? 
  i do n't mean the crash which you were n't part of , but having to share a bus with strawberry pickers ( romanians from spain ) . 
  that 's why they want to leave the union . 
  who knows what horrors have been encountered by those who monitor the mainland ? 
  inaccurate chart . 
  sweden is nowhere to be found . 
  also , i 'm quite happy romania is so low . 
  imagine what it would be like if everyone woudl have a voice on the internet . 
  as if you would n't cringe enough when you read ... pretty much anything they post , anywhere . 
  even the romanian word for tie is * `` cravat\u0103 '' * . 
  never noticed that until now . 
  til croatia is to blame for the most fiendish piece of clothing ever invented . 
  you can bet the first thing i 'm gon na do this summer vacation is go to croatia . 
  comic is extremely accurate . 
  i know they sold a device that doubled the speed of the north korean fleet . 
  the device is colloquially known as a paddle . 
  i also know they once invented a computer with only two buttons . 
  the first button did nothing and the second one cancelled the command . 
  i know they 're also kebab , like bosnians , from this [ totally inconspicuous serbian guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_tdj-l84_8 ) . 
  ok , now aside from the stupid jokes , not a lot . 
  * something about vendetta/blood feud being a regular practice , though i 'm not sure how exactly that works . 
  * they 're nato members since 2009 . 
  * probably the highest concentration of bunkers in europe . 
  * descendants of illyrians . 
  * like russians , they have an obsession with german sedans . 
  except it 's not nationalist in thr slightest and this is r/europe . 
  all european languages are welcome and encouraged . 
  edit : it said sensationalist , not nationalist . 
  i misread . 
  before checking i 'll guess it 's god is a serb . 
  edit : of course it is . 
  i can see step 1 dooming the entire economy from the get-go . 
   your old friends ... romania ahahahahaha no . 
  never were . 
   can watch every event on youtube . 
  unless of course you 're somehow romanian , because that 's not european enough and you 're blocked from the glory of live karate at the european games held somewhere outside of europe . 
  lucky it was n't colon duty : brown ops, 
   a simple audi a3 there 's nothing simple about an a3 . 
  not any of the new ones at least . 
   it 's the same technology that triggers airbags . 
  see , you ca n't really do that . 
  airbags may be triggered for a variety of reasons . 
  a sensor goes bad and you 've got a blasted airbag to replace and , if this is implemented , some explaining to do to the emergency crew . 
  how would it be triggered ? 
  what will prevent this system from calling out the emergency services for accidents that do n't require any ? 
  i can definitely see the downside of calling emergency services when they are n't actually needed . 
  gellerup 2008 firecracker attacks !, 
   ~ ~ polish ~ ~ nationalists in general , btw are basically teenage shitheads and bored football hooligans . 
  i doubt there many with the balls or the wherewithal to actually kill a russian biker . 
  fixed that for you . 
  far or not , i found it a funny coincidence , and it 's still a part of serbian history that will never be forgotten ( the ridiculous turbofolk music , not the war ) . 
   perfectly content with each other before this whole shitshow started , and are being turned against one another by their politicians . 
  my irony deficiency has been compensated for by this statement coming from a guy named after the most ridiculous serbian nationalist yugoslav-wartime song . 
  but he has a valid point . 
  since the rest of romania would migrate west , i 'd try my luck somewhere else . 
  fuck it , moldova it is . 
  easy women , easy life . 
   puny and underwhelming it 's the size of a fucking house . 
  it 's like i 'm looking at the predecessor to the overlord tank from c&c generals . 
  they 've given up on small , versatile tanks and went simply for big heavy ones , with other vehicles like the t-15 providing support . 
  i would n't be surprised if it wo n't be able to fire atgms , like previous generations of russian mbts did , and just pass that ability to the t-15 support platform . 
  ca n't speak for myself , since i play everything just as much , though my father has been playing ceasar 3 since 1999 . 
  although he 's been playing more rome total war than caesar ever since 2004 . 
  but yeah , those two . 
  nothing else ever really managed to pull him in as much as those two games . 
  if he has the opportunity to play ; he 's playing . 
  it 's missing norway , sweden and finland as fenno-scandinavia . 
  this is like switzerland 's wet dream . 
  no neighbors . 
  and beaches . 
   we have a hungarian minority is because they were moved here by the hungarian kingdom in the region to act as border guards . 
  you 're talking about the szeklers/sz \u00e9kely / secui . 
  they are also hungarians , but from a different branch / cluj , timi\u0219oara , oradea , arad , satu mare , baia mare , re\u0219i\u021ba and hunedoara had a majority hungarian population that were not szeklers . 
  hell , at points oradea and baia mare even had greater jewish populations than romanian . 
  so yes , the hungarians did send other hungarians to defend the borders . 
  and yes , they did send germans to sibiu and bra\u0219ov . 
  but they were present in the region 's urban centers as well , not just the borders . 
   the szekely minority fought alongside the romanian kingdoms since 1200 until 1870 . 
  which is nothing new or unknown to anyone , given they faced common threats . 
  yes . 
  because at school i was always fed the `` corrected '' version of history . 
  how i should be proud of romania 's great accomplishments . 
  how i should look at hungary and turkey as the evil conquerors .
