  sure , this hurts russia 's image abroad , but on the homefront it makes him look good , since he did n't do anything for the past 2 years . 
  he 's not stupid , and he 's got balls . 
  he just needed to bolster his approval rating . 
  why would you want to leave glorious europa for a vacation , anyway ? 
  you do n't even have to leave the eu to go to the caribbean . 
   the largest proportions of trips abroad ( outbound trips ) were registered by residents of luxembourg no wonder , given that they can literally trip on their doorstep and end up falling into germany . 
  indeed , midttraffik buses are color-coded . 
  blue for regional/long-distance/inter-city buses , and yellow for city buses . 
  rode plenty of busses during my time in denmark . 
  and i 'll be damned if it was n't better than riding a bike around aarhus . 
  can confirm that 's pretty much what every bus ride is like in midtjylland , though they kinda forgot to mention night busses tend to turn into silent discos of some sorts on weekends with all the drunk students stumbling around . 
  we can do it without them . 
  and the swiss . 
  they 'll want to join us when they realize nobody is paying attention to their tory-themed tantrums . 
  who are they gon na start fights over nonsense with ? 
  albania ? 
  are n't anti-establishment youth usually just 16 year olds that just paged through either * mein kampf * or * the communist manifesto * and think it 's the best shiznit ever ? 
  but hey , i guess some of them never grow up and end up founding jobbik or pravyi sektor or some other shit . 
  ... and the e.u. 
  nonetheless , i was in support of a peaceful solution back during the euromaidan , especially after evidence surfaced that non-government forces were firing on protesters as well with the knowledge of respectable figures from within the e.u. , not to mention the police 's aggression being a mere response to * certain * protesters ' aggro ( ahem , pravyi sektor molotvs , anyone ? ) . 
  and i was seen as a shill because i believed the protesters were doing things just as nasty as the police . 
  then of course , we all saw the titushki , the berkut snipers , the president fled allowing for the protesters to do whatever the hell they want , tacitly accepting the blame for all of this . 
  there are some dissenting opinions that are n't merely * hurr durr i was paid by putin to shit up reddit * , but those get discredited too . 
  it 's not about supporting the adversary , it 's not accepting whatever the press is spoonfeeding me . 
  because many western press houses are just as big shills as rt. 
  either way , what is happening now in ukraine is pretty clearly an attempt to shit up the country , not just a separatist movement . 
  but yes , there are people who genuinely and unironically want communism to be reinstated with the aid of stalin 2.0 . and believe everything russia does is right . 
  interestingly the people that support this shit could be described as right-wing nutjobs . 
  and i do n't get why a romanian right-winger in his right mind would want to do involve himself any way with russia , but then again , i 'm asking for reasoning from a right-winger ... 
  nobody is denying that , and it 's hardly a secret . 
  we have monuments in place to commemorate it , and it 's taught in history classes , so it 's not like we 're hiding anything . 
  a [ small but vocal minority of morons ] ( http://www.nouadreapta.org/ ) take pride in it . 
  the 17 mil was more like my guess based on 2011 and 2012 . 
   our census still estimates a 20.1 million population nah , that 's full of shit . 
  we have 17 mil in the country , tops . 
   what the other 36.2 % of the population do is a bit unknown . 
  subsistence farming and stealing all the cherries in my orchard and seeling them illegaly at a market . 
  i 'm not saying anything as a christian . 
  i 'm agnostic and could n't care less about the religious aspect , although you ca n't ignore the fact that it was also a major aspect of phanariote rule . 
  indeed , but it was hardly irrelevant . 
  we fucking allowed horthy to come to power . 
  we fucking sponsored him . 
  and believe me , even post-trianon hungary was a key player in the european scene . 
  ww2 would 've played out differently , had that war never happened . 
  i think i 'd take the habsburgs over the ottomans any day , thank you . 
  habsburgs were massive cunts too , except they actually invested in their occupied territories , since piss-poor ones ca n't pay much tax . 
  ottomans did n't bother with uplifting anyone even slightly . 
  just took their tax and were fine with everything . 
   it was a war against communism . 
  and it 's not mentioned because is slightly irrelevant to a history book . 
  well , no . 
  it all started with romania pushing its troops all the way into hungary to make sure we get transylvania back as a war prize from the french for helping them by setting up our vaseline-lined asses to the germans as a distraction in ww1 . 
  hungarian prime-minister dude ca n't accept that we took transylvania , resigns . 
  commies form and alliance with social-democrats , and kun b\u00e9la promises they will get that clay back ( yes , even the commies had a trianon complex , before trianon even happened ) and threw the newly formed hungarian red army at us . 
  at the same time kun 's asking for soviet help . 
  soviets start massing shit near bessarabia and we do the same thing . 
  fights break out , but generally they could n't do shit because they were still tied down with the revolution/civil war . 
  on the hungarian front we kept marching way beyond the entente-established dmz up to the tisza . 
  french get pissed at us and throw a hissy fit . 
  we keep on going because why the fuck not . 
  we conquer all the country except a small pocket near balaton , where we allowed fucking hothy mikl\u00f3s to arm . 
  the hungarian red army is wiped out , budapest is occupied , the french throw another hissy fit , we loot the place and then leave . 
  you also forgot russian influence . 
  because hey , we 're blocking their access to the balkan slavs and the turks , so they can just freely hold as many wars as they wish over here . 
  basically were were buttfucked constantly by one major power or the other , with short breathtakers inbetween . 
  rulers imposed by the turks were generally corrupt as fuck . 
  and corruption became the norm . 
  then after gaining independence , for some time things went well . 
  until antonescu took power , shat on neutrality and pro-allies outlook and sold us out to hitler . 
  and of course , the russians had to respond to that . 
  but before they could pillage the whole country , after a coup led by king michael that resulted in us turning arms against the axis , they just peacefully pillaged the whole country on their way to hungary . 
  and then the communists came and shat on all progress this country has ever made since the 19th century , reinstating and spreading the whole culture of corruption to the proletariat , because is n't that what communism is about ? 
  most likely they 'll agree . 
  and if they 're also jobbik supporters , they 'll prove extremely incapable of accepting the history of the past 100 years . 
  also , chances are some of them are also likely to never have heard of the hungarian-romanian war . 
  it was a war fought for slightly cunty reasons by both sides , so it 's likely to go unmentioned . 
  it 's that ego that keeps us poor stupid and miserable . 
  dreaming of * old glory days * , when in fact those days never existed . 
  and do n't even make me bring up the right wing cretins ' reverence of antonescu . 
  but on the other hand , let 's also mention the commie worshipers . 
  falsifying history , mostly under commie rule as in just skipping over the hungarian-romanian war , and not mentioning getting its shit kicked out by germany in ww1 in a matter of weeks . 
  also , generally downplaying anything the hungarians ever did good in transylvania , or the brief alliance wallachia had with the kingdom of hungary , because muh nationalism . 
   it 's not like there are only t-64bm in ukraine . 
  yes , but they are n't known to be using applique armor , so they 're out of the equation . 
  the bm might look similar at first glance to the one in the video , but if you look closely , you 'll notice key differences , mainly era bricks on the front , and front sides , as well as large slabs on the turret . 
  on the ukranian varians , era is n't as obvious , being more seamlessly integrated into the chassis , if you know what i mean . 
   there are actual russians living in that region , and not in a small amount . 
  i mean , russian citizens . 
  not ethnic russians . 
  well , [ t-64s were spotted . 
  trailing behind a truck flying the russian flag . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q977zu2j1ww ) and there are some more videos too , this is just the only one i bookmarked . 
  and its not something that looks just taken out of storage . 
  shit 's packed with era and ready for combat . 
  and that 's not camouflage-pattern paint as ukranian tanks have . 
  and it 's definitely not one of the ukranian t-64bm bulat tanks . 
  i have doubts rebels could just purchase all that from a local hardware store . 
  [ you might want to check this out . 
  ] ( http://aco.nato.int/statement-on-russian-main-battle-tanks.aspx ) the rebels are clearly supported by the russians . 
  hell , there are actual russians among the rebels .
