  hooray , someone saw through the bullshit at last . 
  that 's pretty rare . 
  ok , minus that ... 
  sorry for what ? 
  my time in denmark was awesome , thanks to elements specified in this statistic :d, 
  unemployment rates mean squat . 
  i can guarantee you that if 10 people were offered a job as a trash collector , 9 of them would refuse and would rather stay unemployed . 
  high unemployment = / = vacant jobs, 
  they 're all in cahoots with them . 
  but the uk more than any other . 
  ca n't we just trade britain 's eu membership for a japanese one ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they would be much more interested , and they also would n't help america spy on us as extensively as the uk . 
  also , hey , cheaper jdm car imports . 
   foreigners taking our jobs this is always funny . 
  because the foreigners that go to any country are usually poor ones who try to make a better living for themselves , and so take all the jobs that the locals are too proud , disgusted or uninterested to do . 
  trashmen , maids , fast food workers , etc. 
  and affect the receiving country in a positive way . 
  tl ; dr foreginers taking jobs is actually a good thing . 
  so you find it normal that the nsa is spying on you as a german citizen and make your own police tell you to register a protest when you genuinely go for a walk ? 
  that 's hardly a demonstration . 
  if this keeps going on for a couple more decades , we might as well start registering going out the pub with friends , too . 
  given you 're a math person , i 'll stick to * durr right side best side * because i despise math . 
  not really . 
  the portuguese people , and in general latin , people i 've met are crazy and unpredictable , be it sober or drunk . 
  nah , it just seems weird to you if you 're sober because you still have your social constraints active . 
  and the more constraints you have , the wilder you 'll behave when you intake alcohol . 
  give a dane a beer and the right side of the brain overpowers the left , and that usually results in doing stuff that you 're too restrained to do when sober . 
  like flipping fusball tables to see if the glass breaks or not . 
  i know this from experience . 
  it 's like they 're completely different people when drunk . 
  one of the things i enjoyed in denmark . 
  almost no smokers . 
  the number 1 party town ? 
  u wot m8 bucharest is hardly the number one place to be . 
  fuck it , romania is hardly the best place to be . 
  eastern europe is hardly the best place to be . 
  the concentration of douchebags , guidos and guidettes per square meter anywhere in a romanian club or lounge is impossible to express mathematically . 
  and anything that is n't filled with the above mentioned people , almost 100 % of times smell like piss and ball sweat . 
  southern france or bust . 
  stockholm might be in a pretty area , but that 's where it ends . 
  for some reason compenhagen feels a lot more ... what 's what wonderful word the danes have ? 
  though , i still felt more at home in aarhus , cph is pretty cool , mostly because of the people . 
  it feels like a so much more relaxed place than stockholm . 
  it 's smaller and friendlier . 
  it is a cargo plane . 
  but the op says it 's `` monstrous '' . 
  then i added that an aircraft can only be called `` monstrous '' if it 's filled with armament , making it a gunship . 
  still not getting what i 'm trying to say ? 
  no , no , no . 
  you also got it wrong . 
  i was n't talking about any specific category of aircraft . 
  i just said take the place and go full-american with it . 
  like you guys did , taking the c-130 , slapping some big guns onto it and ** then ** calling it monstrous . 
  except the ac-130 spooky is not a cargo plane . 
  the entire `` cargo hold '' is filled with electronics , targeting computers , surveillance equipment , and ammo . 
  that 's why it 's called a gunship . 
  i just said the plane ca n't be terrifying in its current position , as a cargo plane . 
  especially one made by airbus ( the name does n't really inspire fear ) . 
  however , they 're so much easier to manipulate . 
  nationalism and chauvinism runs rampant among teens . 
  in romania , at least . 
  not trying to start a fight , but would the eu even attempt deals with belarus , given it 's basically a dictatorship with quite a number of human rights violations under its belt ? 
  the simple fact that it 's an airbus makes it seem completely harmless in my eyes . 
  also , it 's not monstrous until you go full-american and mount a 25mm gau-12 , a 40mm bofors and a 105mm m102 cannon on it and call it a gunship . 
  just droppin ' by to say the moldovan language and identity are so much more different from romanian than you think . 
  manchester vs. london english ? 
  more like gaelic irish and english . 
  i 've been told i was already speaking english when i was 3 years old . 
  i know for certain that i 've started actually learing english in my first year at kindergarten , at 4 years of age . 
  cartoon network did a hell of a job to kickstart the learning process . 
  and then there was half a year when for some reason they started broadcasting it in french . 
  and that 's how i started learning french , years before i `` officially '' started studying it at school in 5th grade . 
  how did i develop my english even further ? 
  god bless the internet and video games . 
  and now we 're studying everything in english at the university , so that 's also helping . 
  also , i 've noticed i 've gained a weird american-ish accent after my time in denmark . 
  romania always had it . 
  * james may voice * great news !, 
  the dacia sandero is selling quite well in europe . 
  and these are relatively small organizations . 
  what the hell are the big dogs doing ? 
  it 's not like i 've ever really trusted the banking system , but now ... ? 
  i dread to think what 's going on in other parts of the world . 
  statistically , it 's much worse on home turf . 
  it happens every day . 
  19 is n't even a big number . 
  22 is n't either . 
  it just happened that they were all in one place in one hell of a spectacular crash and the media got wind . 
  and now for a publicity stunt , the pm calls for a day of national mourning . 
  now if we 'd mourn every person dead in a car crash this way , we 'd be mourning non-stop . 
  so yeah , the roads are full of assholes , the transport companies run their drivers like mad , the drivers themselves think they 're nigel mansell 's clones , and to make it worse , the passengers using these services are desperate ( or greedy ) enough to actually provide a target clientelle for the companies . 
  was on / int / for a while . 
   a well written blog post can change more minds that any individual in the real world going from person to person i 've yet to see one . 
  the very opposite was proven during the 2012 protests when youngsters went out to protest against acta , corrdinated by social media , and then the usl piggy-backed the whole protest by sending out live instigators and the whole thing suddenly became an anti-basescu manifestation . 
  words do n't change a damn thing . 
  actions do . 
   everyone is curious let that curiosity guide them oh , trust me , they are not . 
  if they ever are , it 's never to become more cultured . 
  i may come across as way too cynical . 
  maybe i am .
