  let 's still call that acceptable . 
  the ukranian government is n't exactly clean . 
  but now , when these so-called `` peaceful '' protesters start infighting , assaulting government buildings , and shooting others , all while being led by svoboda and right sector ? 
  fuck no . 
  i hope the government sends in the military and ends it before this turns into a prolonged civil war . 
  this is no longer a protest , it 's a coup attempted right-wing , fought by the easily manipulated protesters . 
  same thing happened in romania back during the whole anti-acta uproar . 
  protesters took to the streets and then anti-government protesters came out . 
  and then the left-wing rode on their backs , into taking down the government . 
  in our case it was the left-wing , not the right wing , and it never got truly violent , nor did it have this scale , but the idea is the same . 
  however this ends , it ends with ukraine knee-deep in shit . 
  edit : gee , why am i not surprised by the downvotes . 
  * yeah , let 's support the right-wing , because fuck the gubmint , lol amirite ? 
  let 's ignore the basics . 
  let 's not look deeper . 
  let 's take things at face value . 
  * typical reddit . 
  while romania definitely has plenty of experience with that , as it was the case with every protest since the '89 revolution ( inclusively ) and i find that a realistic scenario ; there is absolutely no evidence of that happening in ukraine . 
  and i can sure as hell bet the [ pravyi sektor ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=b36_1391163762 ) , who are [ leading the violence ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xhxxugd.jpg ) , are not working with the government, 
  and your point is ? 
  what does religion have to do with anything ? 
  if you think that radicalism/extremism is limited to religious extremism , you 're incredibly wrong . 
  in ukraine 's case it 's political extremism . 
  in the middle east the situation is more delicate , as for some religion * is * politics . 
  because as a cop i 'm supposed to trust a guy who is armed and refuses to surrender ? 
  that 's an automatic `` shoot him '' in my book . 
   the resistance had time to radicalize so how is it any different here ? 
  no foreign intervention so far , petty polticial speeches aside . 
  the resistance is already radicalizing , and it 's pretty clear the initial euromaidan protesters are no longer in charge , with the violence being led by the right sector . 
  how about they eliminate the right-wingers from among them , and then maybe prove that they 're * actually * peaceful first ? 
  then if berkut keeps shooting , maybe shoot back . 
   there are no extremists on the other side . 
  sure , the pravyi sektor looks [ so incredibly peaceful ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m3lmp5z.jpg ) ; [ friendly ] ( http://i.imgur.com/spefihi.jpg ) and [ welcoming ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uafubdw.jpg ) i would sure love to have them have even a tiny bit of power in a neighbouring country ... not !, 
  nobody knows who shot first , that 's how big of a clusterf-ck the entire country is . 
  the only thing we know , as outsiders , is who started the whole uprising . 
  hint : it was n't the police . 
  hint : the people that started the protest are either no longer in control of it ; or blatantly lying about being peaceful . 
   governmental power has no responsibility to protect citizens when the citizens themselves are a threat to order , do you find this surprising ? 
  rest assured neither side is made up of saints . 
  thing is , it 's the same as in syria . 
  on one side you 've got the government who sure as hell is n't refraining from using excessive force ( sarin gas ; or snipers ) , but on the side of the protestors you 've got nutbags ( islamic extremists ; or right-wing extremists in the case of ukraine ) who are n't refiraining from retaliating with the same tactics ( homebrew sarin ; or other snipers ) . 
  things can only go downhill . 
  and are going downhill . 
  and because of both sides are slowly showing their true face , i think support for either side will only diminish . 
  i sure as hell know i do n't like either side , right now . 
  but for the sake of regional security , the government better take care of things . 
  nah , was just trying to be funny by hinting most people nowadays could n't read a map if their lives depended on it . 
  did n't work out too well , it seems . 
  but in all seriousness , people really are troubled by maps for somewhat reason , unless their location is shown to them ( sometimes even requiring gps navigation ) since they are n't able to read landmarks or streets from the map . 
  short story : a family friend runs a transport company , and one time he asked me to answer his phones when he was away , while i was passing by the office . 
  one of the rookie drivers called and said he got lost on his way to wroclaw because his gps broke . 
  so there i was , someone who has never even set a foot in poland , reading a map trying to explain to this guy what to do . 
  it may seem surprising , but many people have trouble reading maps and road signs and could n't travel without a satnav if their lives depended on it . 
  so yeah , of course people want to be able to use 3g on their smartphones while abroad to help them . 
  or you could , you know , be a man and read an actual , physical map ? 
  say what you want , but stopping roadside to interpret a map is a pretty cool feeling . 
  much like shaving , you can use an online map , complete with navigation , gps and all the gimmicks - that would be your electric razor . 
  then you could use one of these new-fangled dispozable razors . 
  that would be your offline map with agps . 
  or you could be a man and shave with one of those straight razors - read a physical map and see all the pussies in air-conditioned vw up!s wizz by you and your manly spartan diesel sierra with a map spread out across the hood in total awe !, 
  disclaimer : i do n't actually drive a diesel sierra , i just gave that as an example of something manly . 
  edit : i still have a smartphone with some offline maps on it , so i can check the agps if i 'm truly lost , but i never actually had to use it . 
  yeah , but i think that 's a result of a german-turkish bilateral agreement , not because of a union deal with turkey . 
  it 's not union-wide iirc . 
  as sad as it may sound , there are places where that ** still ** is n't the case . 
  commies were n't exactly geniuses of civil engineering , and designed the radiators to be powered solely by thoughts about the glory of socialism . 
  please elaborate . 
  edit : nevermind . 
  found the story . 
  there are certain instruments in place . 
  not sure if it 's nation-wide , though . 
  i can see what the issue is : some wiseguy on the 1st floor thinks he can save a few pennies by not using heating . 
  he enjoys it when his testicles are frozen over . 
  everyone else living above him does n't , but they 'll also be freezing their balls of because of scrooge mccoldson . 
  in your average car , the engine just dies . 
  that 's why you need to gradually release the clutch when you start . 
  an idling engine of an ordinary car should n't have the torque to just make the car move from a standstill . 
  now , should the car already be moving ( which it should n't if it 's in gear with the engine turned off ) there might be enough momentum to allow the engine to start properly and then from then on keep the car moving . 
  again , you need some decent torque for that as well , but what are the odds ? 
  yes you can , provided you have an id card belonging to a union state . 
  many non-eu european countries also accept eu id cards as valid travel documents . 
  switzerland , ukraine and belarus ( russia and turkey too , but it 's debatable whether they 're `` in europe '' or not ) are the only european countries you 'll need a passport for as a union citizen . 
  must 've missed the memo on that one . 
  regardless , you still have plenty of instruments to fund it . 
  i would n't be ... concerned . 
  eu has its ways . 
  under certain cirumstances fines issued by the ecj can go directly in the budget ( like in microsoft 's case ) , so you get a massive load of money . 
  then you 've got taxes , cutting spending in brussels ... there are plenty of ways to getting money . 
  now as far as the supercollider is concerned , i 'm not entirely sure why an even bigger one is needed , or even if the old one did what it was supposed to do . 
  but then again , i 'm not big on the science stuff . 
  i can understand the scare , but that was the case of the uk as well . 
  the giant tidal wave that just never came . 
  and as far as gypsies are concerned ? 
  they 're more attracted to latin culture . 
  italy , france and spain can vouch for that . 
  though there are some more eccentric ones that somehow manage to survive in the hostile mountainous and nordic areas . 
  but on a serious note , the swiss are better off they way they are now . 
  oh , i 'm sorry i offended you with my common sense and wish for a better healthcare system . 
  not everyone . 
  but those who do have to pay still do n't pay the full expense .
