  i mean , since when did any major power ever give a fuck about its smaller allies ? 
  yeah , it 's not like there have been any military build-ups or annexations that would 've alarmed us in the first place . 
  the problem is that you 're thinking the eu countries will all fight as one , not as individual armed forces . 
  what i 'm saying is : that 1 % increase in a few countries will not be enough to hold off the russians , so why bother in the first place ? 
  eastern european nations have little to no military equipment on par with those of the russians . 
  a small increase will maybe bring in a bit of newfangled capable gear , but it will still be ineffective , should russia commit to a proper engagement , with all its armed forces . 
  also , spending money on weapons . 
  such a great idea to allow foreign companies profit from another nation being forced to buy their weapons under the pretext of standardization . 
  war breaks out , we get absolutely raped , manufacturers are rolling in dosh and their governments promptly offer us moral support or write angry letters to ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ putin . 
  and this helps us how ? 
  say what you wish , but the militaries of europe are still laregly uncoordinated , or not coordinated enough to face a possible russian threat . 
  why let each country increase military spending only to get wiped out one by one in case of russian action ; because we all know how fast the western countries react to invasions and annexations . 
  just ask poland . 
  nothing entirely new here . 
  * victor ponta is a flip-flopping moron and is killing the country from within . 
  more about this at 5 . 
  * it 's not like we could delay the russians significantly by conventional means . 
  one guy goes down , another one rises . 
  these are relatively minor cases , things that people did n't feel or care about . 
  the big issues and big bosses are still up there to whom laws and legality are mere suggestions and the people protesting are just background noise . 
  and they do n't seem to be coming down anytime soon ... 
  carpathians too . 
  god damn it , benelux , turn off the lights , we 're trying to sleep . 
  i totally never expected anyone who 's buddy-buddy with russia to ever ignore or supress minorities . 
  this comes as a shock to all of us . 
  not sure what felony it counts as , but numerous contracts have been established between state institutions ( including the ministry of defense ) and businesses belonging to members of his family . 
   lousy ass bribes i think that was a countrywide reaction . 
  we 've had much better . 
  she must 've been a really bad negotiator . 
  i think most romanians will agree that it wo n't be refreshing until we hear of it cracking down on our current pm , victor ponta . 
  for someone really fond of cis , putin really wants the trans ? 
  putin does n't even have to say anything . 
  transnistrians will do it for him . 
  if you can , use some of your spare time to study schematics of russian military equipment , as russia will probably see this as an agreement to persecute russian minorities by teaching them gay rights and might roll past . 
  oh , do n't worry , gypsies have stolen [ 5 km worth of railroad cable ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2250658/romanian-gang-caused-travel-chaos-stealing-four-miles-railway-cable-worth-500-000-jailed-23-years.html ) or [ warheads from a guarded military train ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/64-missile-warheads-stolen-romanian-train-094831347.html ) , so gutters and stuff are easy peasy lemon squeezy . 
  co2-wise , diesels are twice cleaner , and even in terms of nox pollution , petrols are just barely better than diesels by euro standards , and the difference between diesel and petrol for is to be reduced to a 0.020 g/km for the upcoming euro 6 standard . 
  in terms of particulate material ( basically , soot ) the two are equal , in terms of minimum standard . 
  now if petrol engines can achieve less , that 's great , but the difference is still very much negligible in modern engines ( for passenger cars , at least ) . 
  mercedes , yeah , i would n't be surprised . 
  but i doubt they 're lightning rods . 
  this is the best ever psa against people giving their money to beggars . 
  chances are those gypsy beggars are part of a larger network , where the money ends up either here or in [ huedin ] ( http://modelhart.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/2009-08-28-08_47_00.jpg ) . 
  are you somehow implying diesels pollute more than petrol cars ? 
  sorry to break it to you , but modern turbodiesels beat petrol at pretty much everything , from efficiency , to power , to cleanliness . 
  it sucks during winter , because they take ages to warm up , and if the engine bay does n't have good soundproofing it will sound like a small tractor , but i 'd be willing to make those tradeoffs . 
  however , this cleanliness of diesels comes at the cost of extra filters and fluids ( e.g. 
  dpf ) , so in reality , you 're barely winning anything over petrols in terms of cost , because what you win at the pump , you lose at maintenance . 
  source : diesel driver - '08 focus 1.6 tdci, 
  i was looking at the article dates . 
  22nd of february - he says they are in danger . 
  12th of march - he says they 're safe . 
  i do n't know about you , but 2 + weeks is enough time for the situation to change and/or for someone to convince themselves that the situation is n't what they expected . 
   you make it sound like a bad thing . 
  in a way yes . 
  it gives the media more credibility than it deserves . 
  we all know media bosses have their own interests too . 
  fox is one example . 
  the `` antena '' network in romania would be yet another example , closer to home . 
  cue people asking : '' * sigh * do you believe the media would just do that ? 
  just go ahead and misinform people !? '', 
  what you 're saying might be beneficial for someone slightly more tech-savvy than the person who just did this . 
  i have serious doubts about this man 's ( and pretty much half the country 's population 's ) grasp of the internet and/or malware . 
  this is why it 's easier just avoid giving the people without any basic knowledge access to the internet ? 
  you know , the same way you would n't let your average untrained person drive a car ? 
  imagine a world where phising ( and apparently murder and suicide ) would be a thing of the past . 
  it 's pretty much like the `` you 're the millionth visitor , give us your credit card info to verify your identity and claim your free * ipad '' messages , with a scary twist to it . 
  sounds harsh or cynical ? 
  maybe , but i 've had a brief internship in tech support . 
  just to grasp the basic it knowledge of the average romanian : they do n't know what a mouse is , every computer is a `` pentium 4 '' , and asking them to plug an object of phallic nature into a hole seems an exceedingly difficult task for people who claim to have extensive knowledge of plugging more organic phallic objects into more organic holes . 
  i was n't surprised when they gave their children to speak with me , only to find out there 's no issue and they only called because their children did some banale task the parents were unable of doing ( and hence thought it was a problem , because age = knowledge !!!, 
  it 's kinda the other way around in the u.s. 
  the media might be independent , but the state sure as hell is n't . 
  the media controls the state , not the other way around . 
  it sounds like a stupid `` in soviet russia '' joke , but it 's the sad truth of any state which permits lobbying . 
  but no , fox is not independent , nor is it uncensored . 
  a great place ? 
  i 'm still struggling to understand what people find so satisfying about living there ? 
  it 's expensive and congested beyond belief . 
  are romanians really masochists ? 
  i can vouch for aalborg , though . 
  awesome place , though the weather can be depressing . 
  had an extensive rail system . 
  most of it has fallen into an unusable condition as a result of cfr giving up smaller-scale rural commuter services , which made use of most tracks . 
  some argue trains have fallen in popularity because of the rise of the personal automobile . 
  that might be true , but in my eyes , the real culprit is cfr and the corruption of its employees and leaders . 
  either way , the romanian railroad system is pretty much negligible in its current state . 
  but we do n't speak french in romania . 
  we learn it ( or german or italian ) as a 3rd language in school , but that 's about it . 
  it 's not like we actually use it in our daily lives . 
  as for why we speak a romance language ? 
  geographical coincidence . 
  romanian is a really strange language . 
  if we 're to look at it , we can see it 's a mish-mash of latin , slavonic , albanian and supposedly dacian , with a hint of turkish influence . 
  it might be categorized as a romance language , but i 'll be damned if i 'll ever meet a frenchman or a spaniard who will understand romanian without taking plenty of language lessons . 
  there was a ukranian journo that wanted to ask something , but he was n't allowed to , because it was not a `` proper question '' . 
  so i 'd say , no . 
  a hates c and fights against it . 
  b also hates c and fights against it . 
  while b and a are n't friends , they team up against c. c tries to defend itself , so it will eliminate everyone who 's a threat . 
  it 's fucking logical .
