  how i was punished for ever questioning how vlad the 2nd was an ally of hungary , or bringing up how matthias corvinus , hungarian king , appears in our anthem as a central figure we should look up to . 
  do you have any idea how much i was bullied in school because of my part-hungarian heritage ? 
  how i am harassed whenever i dare mention the fact that i 'm part hungarian ? 
  how i was n't even considered for military service because of it ? 
  how every year on december 1st i am somehow part of the problems this country is facing simply for being part hungarian ? 
  how i was labeled a separatist right here , when i dared shed light on differences and why one would feel closer to being transylvanian than all-out romanian ? 
  never did i show up at any separatist march . 
  never have i even supported the ethnic parties ( rmdsz , enp etc. ) . 
  i merely dare speak against the old communist-approved corrected history of transylvania , and i 'm labeled all sorts . 
  the truth is hard to swallow , and no matter how much you try to candy-coat it , it still wo n't go down easy when i mention what 's under that coat of sugar . 
  i would let the ethnic composition fluctuate freely . 
  that means no genocide , no deportations , no nothing . 
  you 're deviating from the point . 
  it 's not about the means , but the ends . 
  would 've deporting jews instead of killing them made hitler any less evil ? 
  it 's still ethnic cleansing . 
   i an extremist for not allowing the hungarians to stomp all over my nation ? 
  nobody ever said anything about hungary stomping any nation . 
  again , i pointed out the obvious hungarian heritage of transylvania , and how it has been under hungarian administration for the most part of the last 1000 years . 
   how is it not separation , if the only thing that would remain in bucharest 's hands is external affairs ? 
  you 're implying texas and colorado are in different countries ? 
  or krasnoyarsk and chechnya ? 
  it 's not separation . 
  the fact that we have a common foreign and security policy inevitably still binds us . 
  just as it it should in theory bind all of the eu member states . 
   bucharest is the 6th largest city in the eu , whether you like it or not , romania 's only true metropolis , and the only city in the country with a true continental clout . 
  and washington is n't even in the top 5 cities int he u.s. and yet it 's the capital . 
  size is not the only criteria when selecting a capital . 
  and bucharest is big precisely because it is the capital , not because it was always the biggest or most relevant . 
   you can fuck right off back to hungary , where your ancestors came from . 
  i have stated numerous times , my family can be traced back several generation to oradea and the neighboring countryside . 
  we have been here for generations , and i 'm not planning on leaving too soon . 
  both are ways of artificially modifying the ethnic composition of a territory to favor a certain ethnic group , so yes . 
  in that case , yes , mixed heritage is a minority . 
  hungarian heritage is an even greater minority . 
  they have been since the very beginning , having lived mostly in the urban centers , and the romanian population from the countryside was somewhat more numerous . 
  but counting only grandparents and/or parents , chances are the average 18 year old will be of romanian heritage . 
  people moved into transylvania during the communist period , and many hungarians and germans moved out of transylvania before the communist period and after the fall of communism , so yes , in this case , you are absolutely correct . 
  you know , i really hate people like you . 
  i never even mentioned anything about breaking anything apart . 
  but that 's all your narrow mind can think of . 
  somehow , if we 're not with you , we 're against you . 
  and your kind always brings up all the * hurr durr nato and the eu wo n't allow a break up * . 
  news flash : i never cared . 
  i merely state we do n't have the same heritage , and i 'm suddenly labeled some sort of separatist . 
  i 'm done arguing . 
  have fun at the next prm congress . 
  anyone with a lineage from any major transylvanian city will unavoidably have mixed heritage . 
  those coming from rural areas and from outside transylvania after its addition to romania will naturally be more likely to have purer romanian heritage . 
   we should n't talk about this : http://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/masacre_%c3%aen_transilvania_de_nord,_1940-1944 oh wow . 
  then why not fucking mention the holocaust everytime you mention modern germany ? 
  because they 're obviously still nazis . 
  the fact that nationalists massacred civilians of a different ethnicity is a surprise why exactly ? 
  why not mention what the commies did with all the moldovans that were brought over here , and the hungarians deported to work in bucharest , ialomi\u021ba and gala\u021bi to homogenize the population ? 
  that 's right , because it 's not mentioned in the history books and you are n't indoctrinated with it . 
   romanian cities were build by romanians the fact that the commies came into power and slapped a bunch of apartment blocks around the old city centers does n't make those cities any more romanian . 
   if you are an ethnic romanian , then you have nothing in common with austrian and hungarians but i do , because i also speak hungarian , some german and even some yiddish . 
  because i read pet\u00f6fi as much as i did eminescu . 
  because i was baptized and raised as a reformed christian , not orthodox . 
  because as far as i can trace back my family , all have lived in this region . 
   you did not mention austria until i did i did mention austria , albeit not in the post above . 
   free to apply for a hungarian passport btw years ahead of you . 
  already did . 
   have you studied the history , language , culture , of the people in your `` neighborhood '' or in your `` city '' . 
  not in school , no , since there the communist history of romania is still the one being taught - a.k.a. 
  a big historical void in transylvania until 1600 when michael the brave unites the three provinces of romania until 1601 . 
  then another big historical void until 1918 , when romania is again united . 
  then from 1940 until 1945 yet another void . 
  all the bits where hungary or austria-hungary is mentioned are literally cut out . 
  when they are mentioned , they 're always ruthless oppressors , not the ones that have literally built this fucking place and gave it their culture . 
  of course , since then , thanks to communist systematization , the differences are n't as striking , since the commies have fucked us all up equally , but despite their best efforts to hide the heritage , if you live here and you bother looking around after reading a school textbook on romanian history , you 'll feel like the authors are bullshitting you . 
  i would n't have bothered studying the history and language of hungary if i had n't noticed these discrepancies when i was of school age . 
  and [ constan\u021ba ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-s7ujlvb2iv0/ucle3h8klpi/aaaaaaaalag/6gikl8dufq0/s1600/25.jpg ) is quite literally the antithesis of [ oradea ] ( http://www.dragosasaftei.ro/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/oradea-calea-catre-occident-7.jpg ) . 
  they live next to the sea and have obvious turkish and greek influences . 
  we live in the hills and have obvious hungarian and austrian influences . 
  if any family moves there , they still remain family . 
  they still share the same culture as i do . 
  but their child will already share the values and culture of that region , not the one its parents originate from , unless he is somehow force-fed the culture of his parents . 
  even in the political sense , we 're different . 
  look at the political map of any vote . 
  social-democrats dominate the south and east . 
  liberal-democrats win in transylvania . 
  the closest comparison i can come up with is north vs. south in the u.s. sure , they 're all americans , they all speak english , they all eat as much burgers , and drink as much coke , they all identify as american , but they do n't exactly share the same values . 
   cultural affinity is no reason to break up a country who has ever said it is ? 
  i just said i have much more in common with a hungarian or an austrian than with a romanian from bucharest . 
   then move to hungary , nobody 's stopping you . 
  why go to hungary if hungary was and still is here ? 
   and on top of that , moldova and oltenia would sink into even deeper poverty . 
  gee , i wonder why , even despite desperate attempts to do something about the economy and culture of those places , they 're still lagging behind . 
  cultural differences . 
  until not even 50 years ago , ion belonged to a family of farmers cultivating turnips in the back garden of an adobe house . 
  of course he did n't turn out to be a hard-working , ethical man of high moral when the commies picked him and moved him into the big city . 
  it takes time , and you ca n't force it . 
  this is the exact thinking that keeps me , and many of us from identifying with you . 
  fact : hungarians and austrians have made their presence felt . 
  they built the cities up . 
  fact : romania has started making its presence felt only after ww2 ; and even then only by systematization and forced population mixing . 
  ergo , it is right to feel my cultural heritage closer to that of hungary , than that of wallachia . 
  i mean , honestly , look at literally any transylvanian city 's old town and say it looks like that of bucharest or craiova or whatever . 
  last i checked , [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/piata_unirii_oradea.jpg ) looked a damn lot more like budapest than some other southern city .
