  the state is financing all forms of education , at least partially . 
  yes . 
  because it 's easier to run away and at the same time complain about the system instead of staying here and actually changing it . 
  especially after the state has invested in them and their education . 
  the ones that run away are just as great thieves as those who ask for `` gifts '' . 
  and this is why most doctors get absolutely no respect from the common folk . 
  they 're either rotten to the core , or simply absent . 
  those who do stay and do a good job however , could be considered famous on a local level . 
  but they 're only a few . 
  too few to make a significant change . 
  foreigner living nearby , by any chance ? 
  not everyday i get to see people from different backgrounds apart from the occassional erasmus student in the faculty . 
  what , now you got new ones ? 
  damn it . 
  i guess so . 
  we started getting them in 2008 to start phasing out the old tatra t4 's and kt4 's . 
  we still have plenty of the old ones though . 
  and in a way i wish that we keep those . 
  some areas still do n't have any finishing , but the building itself is complete . 
  but anyway , if you still have n't seen in from the inside , book a tour . 
  you 'll be amazed at how they managed to do stuff like ventilation and heating . 
  also , with the exception of the green marble used in the senate 's main chamber ( which was a gift from the iranian state if i recall correctly ) , all materials used are from around romania . 
  [ oradea ] ( http://www.oradeainimagini.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/oradea-de-sus-anca-cheregi.jpg ) still getting no love , despite being labeled the `` greenest '' city of romania ? 
  also , [ we have trams like in vienna ] ( http://ursut.ro/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/centrul-civic-oradea-tramvai-siemens.jpg ) . 
  much to see here , be sure to visit !, 
  that does n't make the threat of extremist muslims any less real . 
  yeah , ok , maybe i got carried away a bit . 
   you 're ridiculous . 
  no one is try to impose sharia law on you . 
  relax . 
  [ sure ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcsg-u2gtze ), 
   every time somebody said he fights for preserving `` european values '' he did the latter . 
  i do n't think allowing sharia law to exist here is a step forward in preserving european culture . 
  i quite like drinking alcoholic beverages and eating a double bacon burger while holding the hand of my uncovered girlfriend . 
  and then they send their kids into schools with predominantly white students and teach them how to rap !, 
  oh , the horror !, 
  just because they refuse to integrate and would much rather live like migrating locusts does n't make them any less human . 
  they just do n't want in on the wonders of modern life ; like showers or shutting their kids up on public transport . 
  there 's no ned to be a stormfag to recognize what negativity an enrichment group of about 3 families of unintegrated gypsies can do . 
  but while we 're at it , same with unintegrated ... anyone - from arabs to chinese to other europeans . 
  what stormfront does n't really understand is that we do n't base our ~ ~ hatred ~ ~ intolerance on race , but simply the way people behave . 
  hell , it 's not even intolerance ; it 's just simply disliking those who simply do n't want to be integrated . 
  if you wan na live in europe , do as the europeans do . 
  i think most of us would n't give a damn about where the other guy is from or what the other guy is doing as long as what he 's doing is n't negatively affecting us . 
  this is just common sense . 
  first time ever in my life i 've seen my city in december without any snow or snowfall . 
  even today i went down to the supermarket in a t-shirt . 
  14 degrees , damn it !, 
  anyone with a bit of sense would leave . 
  i said it several times , and i 'll say it again . 
  economically and administratively it would be a crippling blow . 
  or a blow hard enough to make a difference in our daily lives . 
  enough to move to ... anywhere but here . 
  constan\u021ba is a top contributor because it has the only commercial sea port . 
  prahova is a top contributor because of dacia . 
  bucharest / ilfov are no surprise , since it 's the most densely populated areas . 
  and it 's the capital . 
  anyone with a serious business sooner or later goes to bucharest . 
  last but not least , i very much doubt the results of the poll . 
  ires polls have been stupid inaccurate before . 
  even now you can see the sample is barely 1100 individuals with no mention about the spread of the people being interviewed ; and interview actually being about the national holiday ; conducted right before december 1st . 
  this suggestion alone could lead to corrupting the interviewees . 
  we all know that even the most bitter self-hating romanian somehow becomes an ardent nationalist on december 1st . 
  this is a greater split than even the frg and the gdr . 
  germany had a tough fight with the unification . 
  we 're talking about germans . 
  * the * european powerhouse . 
  and consider this : the situation in our countries is still worse than it was in the frg and gdr . 
  and any sort of unification would mean huge amounts of the little money we have being channeled into the black hole that is moldova ; and it would also be obviously leaking outwards from transnistria . 
  edit : and i say it again : you can bet that russia wo n't let this slide . 
  and while we 're talking taking back old `` unrightfully lost '' territories , i think even hungary would like a word about transylvania/szeklerland . 
  and i think the eu would also like to sit down and talk about those wonderfully guarded moldovan-ukranian borders than leak aks and the transnistrians making them . 
  neither country is ready for any sort of unification , from any point of view , and to add to the internal problems there are external ones too . 
  edit2 : sorry , confused prahova with arge\u0219 . 
  does it matter ? 
  the country goes down the shitter anyway if it unites with moldavia . 
  might as well give a voice to those who so far have done nothing but sat and listened to dumbasses wanting unification because * muh same nationality * . 
  sure , screw the economy . 
  screw the social impact . 
  let 's just unite because of shitty nationalist concepts and throw any form or reason or logic out of the window . 
  we * can not * possibly support them . 
  and i sure as hell am not ready to sacrifice any possible investments here , in favor of some shithole ex-soviet place , just so i can say * durr unity * . 
  edit : and i 'm actually curious what that unity will be worth ( if it will stay that way ) once russia gets a say in all this . 
  moldova is a country . 
  if you need a bullet from both us and the russians to remember that , it can also be arranged . 
  this . 
  erasmus program . 
  loads of fun , all while while studying . 
  and free movement - i move around hungary a lot . 
  also , while it does n't affect my person directly , a hella lot of businesses opened since 2007 . 
  oradea has been growing ever since . 
  romania 's too . 
  russia closes the pipe and the country goes cold , no matter what deluded nationalists and their `` rich romanian gas reserves '' say . 
   romanians are already up for it a very vocal and , sadly , quite stupid and nationalist minority . 
  the economic , social and political effects would be disastrous , and a hard hit on a country already torn by stupidity . 
  if moldova gets in , transylvania gets out , and i 'd be ready to fight for that . 
  the transylvanian counties are paying to plug the holes in other budgets especially in the south and east ; and adding bessarabia to the holes needing plugs would double the trouble . 
  just spent enough time there to realize i do n't want to spend any more time there . 
  it 's pretty much like any capital in the world : people have a massive superiority complex , absolutely horrible traffic , crowded . 
   are there no new buildings ?
