national pride 2 . 
  spite 3 . 
  the deal the szeklers keep proposing sounds a lot like `` you give us money , but we give you nothing back , k ? '' . 
  mind you , those are also some piss poor counties , so it 's probably for their own good they do n't get too much of a tell in how things are run there . 
  even so we have little control over what 's happening and the only way folk can make decent buck there is to chop down a crapload of trees . 
  so basically , they 're doing things assbackwards even assisted , let them alone and they 'll probably kill themselves by dividing by 0 or something . 
   just romanian slave mentality . 
  because unlike turks and russians they actually bothered uplifting the populace and trying to educate them one bit . 
  i ask you to come over and see the differences yourself . 
  but we 're right . 
  things have been going south due to the willingness of southerners and moldovans to get lured into the electoral fraud machine of the `` social democrats '' ( read : ex-communists ) for the price of a kilo of flour or a litre of sunflower oil . 
  there has been a grossly obvious fraud in this election . 
  and for that matter , in pretty much every election , in the southern and eastern parts of romania . 
  there was , is , and always will be a clear divide between transilvania and the west and the rest of the country . 
  politically or otherwise . 
  in case anyone is curious : [ elections results by county ] ( http://i.imgur.com/66zpeiq.png ) . 
  blue is klaus iohannis , liberal ; green is kelemen hunor , from the democratic union of hungarians in romania ; red is victor ponta , current pm , social-democrat whose campaign was based solely on deception and fraud . 
  sad thing is , the hammer might be broken , but the sickle 's tip has been driven into cara\u0219-severin and hunedoara , two transilvanian counties . 
  also , to add to all this , we have the hungarians bang in the middle of the country who are continuously campaigning for autonomy . 
  it never was . 
  maybe that bubble of optimism from the early 90s . 
  well you 're like the alps of the balkans . 
  ^ ^ ^ oops ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ said ^ ^ ^ it . 
  mountain slavs . 
  that would be slovakia , not slovenia . 
  the southerners are n't wrong though ... ( what ? 
  romania could into nordic if we wanted to . 
  we just do n't want to . ), 
  nah , you probably have an opt-out from having to write anything . 
  2 weeks ? 
  more like , ever since gyurcs\u00e1ny got into office way back . 
  and after he resigned and bajnai took over things were okay for a while , and then orb\u00e1n came and shat on democracy , free speech and pretty much everything the '56 revolution ever stood for . 
  actually , screw this , the soviet union fucked everything up . 
  or even before that . 
  oh , you know what , the world was always terrible . 
   we could n't possibly reform our societies and encourage people to have more children , could we ? 
  as long as a member of today 's youth is fucked over and pretty much has to work its way up very slowly up to the point at which he/she can sustain a family , making him 35 by the time he can actually reproduce and not raise the child in poverty , relying on social aid ... no . 
  finding a job is difficult enough . 
  finding a job and keeping it , when the next generations are getting more and more desperate and willing to work longer hours for lower pay , is even harder . 
  the current situation is unsustainable . 
  anyone that does n't have his pockets stuffed with money or a very solid business is doomed to get fucked over time and time again , and maybe after years and years will have the financial security and possibility of raising a child . 
  we could go all-out africa , but that would screw us over even more . 
  i 'm afraid we need a good dicking in the form of a world war and some genocide to try building a better world again with motivated people and with a semi-clean slate . 
  that or we colonize mars . 
  i call dibs on oxia palus . 
  not occupant . 
  `` peacekeeping force '' . 
  no wiki or english-language articles ; just urban myths passed down by word of mouth . 
  if that 's the case , it 's probably been scrapped and recycled into [ good news ] ( http://motorinfo.org/images/dacia-sandero-06.jpg ) by now . 
  i was talking about the urban myth according to which romania had some sort of laser superweapon that melted russian tanks that were on the border from 10 km away after ceausescu decided not to participate in the invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  in reality , the russians just pulled back from the border because unlike czechoslovakia , romania mobilized its full fighting force and the ussr thought it was best to not bother fighting a proper military force . 
   romania too , it 's just so far from him . 
  not really . 
  if the plan to go all the way to odessa and beyond with the whole novorossyia act is real , we might have to prepare a welcoming party for putin . 
  now where did we put that super-mega-ultra death laser that supposedly melted tanks ? 
   at least 1 that will deny ukraine its accession because of russia reasons do n't forget * muh mistreated minorities * and * muh clay * . 
  but yes , also because buddy-buddy with russia . 
  talk about stockholm syndrome . 
  there are many more that would casually support them if they did more than spew nationalist rhetoric . 
  they are okay with the nationalist rhetoric but actually know there 's more to leading a country than that and will eventually vote with a mainstream party . 
  but only 2 % are skullfucked enough to actually vote these people when push comes to shove . 
   romania does n't have a far right/nationalistic political party partidul rom\u00e2nia mare and let 's not mention all the militias formed of 16 year olds and 60 years olds with the minds of 16 year olds that all try to emulate garda de fier and other fascist organizations . 
  of course , most are brainless retards and do n't really pose a threat , since they bark more than they bite ( know it from my own encounter with them ) . 
  ... by the nationalists , while pretty much all followers of the hungarians parties have been brainwashed into thinking anything about romania is evil by the hungarian propaganda machine . 
  and i 'm saying this as an ethnic hungarian . 
  i get bombarded with this shit constantly . 
  these ethnic political parties are probably the biggest sellouts in the whole country . 
  always in bed with whoever is governing , but never ever supporting anything unless they directly gain something from it , ready to turn their back on any alliance they made with any party . 
  and to top it off they act like saints and martyrs after they break ties on their own accord . 
  basically , the hungarian parties ( rmdsz , emnp , mpp ) are the promiscuous women of the political system and i trust them less than psd ( the social-democrats ; a.k.a. 
  ex-communists ) . 
  what these parties have created in the three counties they have a majority in already feels like a different place , but in a bad way . 
  they are among the poorest , most neglected counties . 
  not because they 're discriminated against , but because they are neglected by the dishonest men and women who represent them , and the people they have brainwashed into thinking that romanians and the romanian state are the ones that are guilty for their current misery . 
  to top it all off , it 's clear there 's a power struggle within the hungarian minority as well , since emnp and mpp are radical off-shoots from rmdsz . 
  above all , i believe parties based around ethnicity or culture are worthless jokes . 
  they never actually take a solid position about anything that regards the very basics of a country : infrastructure , economy and civil rights , but only keep on yapping about * `` muh culture '' * and * `` muh minority is feeling oppressed because we 're morons and decided to isolate ourselves from you even though you want to be my friend '' * . 
   might as well pretend they are the descendants of the roman empire too while they are at it . 
  wrong country bro , [ look further north . 
  not sure what to say about the university itself other than the fact its placement is fucking awesome . 
  the town and surroundings are pleasant . 
  anything north of the train station is pretty much in ruins ( former tractor plant - utb ) . 
  not sure what to say . 
  it 's a good looking city , and it 's usually quite peaceful . 
  until the holidays when all hell breaks loose because bucharest opens the figurative flood gates . 
  most people will stay away from the city , but still , expect heavy traffic . 
  did n't spend a lot of time there , only a couple of weeks , but i 'd be okay with living there . 
  opportunities , yes , but that 's because it became some sort of student mecca , and the opportunities simply moved there , since the students got used to living there and did n't want to move back to cucutenii de munte or wherever they came from . 
  but , in all aspects , i ca n't think of a city more european than sibiu . 
  definitely not cluj . 
  nah , it 'll be just fine . 
  i 'm just in a position where i can nitpick the stuff that i dislike about that city compared to other cities in the transylvanian region , like sibiu , timi\u0219oara , alba iulia or oradea . 
  ( also bra\u0219ov , i guess ), 
  small city in a valley , never meant to become big , with a shitton of people crammed into it , so many cables and shit hanging from poles that i ca n't see the sky , filled to the brim with nationalist romanians and hungarians constantly finding a way to fling shit at one-another , and in general attracts the most pompous and egotistical people in the entire country . 
  and yet it 'd be so unremarcable and dull if it were n't for all this . 
  there 's literally nothing interesting to see aside from a cathedral and a botanical garden . 
  did i also mention all the shitty clubs and pubs ? 
  that too . 
  fuck them . 
  i have no idea what people like about them .
