  i did n't even see your flair . 
   i still like the spanish anthem even though you 're catalan . 
  do you need any unidentified armed men to help with the referendum , by the way ? 
  i wish this rule was universally applied across the globe . 
  a big part of the fake designer bag selling community ? 
  i 've seen literaly one black man in italy who was n't selling fake designer bags . 
  does your euro-renovation mean walls painted over , not wallpapered , brass door hinges and handles and styrofoam ceiling moldings ? 
  oh , and fake stone countertops ? 
  i personally like the spanish anthem . 
  the lyrics are really easy to memorize . 
  and in general ? 
  you 'll get a visit from the polish mob this night for giving us their pierogi . 
  yes . 
  soviet lyrics are about lenin and communism , modern lyrics simply say that we have a big country . 
  the author is the same man , quite interestingly , a writer of poetry for children and also the father of nikita mikhalkov . 
  maybe it 's because feigin and polozov are famous for defending people in high-profile political cases , but not for getting them acquitted . 
  there are no fines in russia for doing under 20 over , and you can deduct ~ 5 more from the reading in court because that 's the tolerance of a speed gun reading ( it is always corrected in your favor ) . 
  so i can be doing 115 in a 90kph zone or 45 in a school zone . 
  i would buy `` attack of the killer babies '' from frognerparken if i could . 
  you should see milan-moscow flights . 
  families from the caucasus checking in eveything they need to furnish a large tasteless living room . 
  or `` giant combat android '' , 
   god , i am so tired of all of you , i want to be left alone for a while ... 
  i 'll go to privoz . 
  i once picked a small boutique hotel in salzkammergut to spend some quiet time with my wife . 
  arranged everything myself . 
  when we arrived , it turned out to be full of other russians on package tours . 
  depends on where you are . 
  if it 's an open-air market , not an auchan , then you can barter over anything , even carrots . 
  ca n't you see how wilted their tops are ? 
  i do n't think they are worth your asking price , which is even a little bit insulting . 
  i expected one of those fluffy hair trolls , but three meters high . 
  the childbrith itself is the same as in any other country , it 's not like we russians have differently shaped vaginas . 
  / s sarcasm aside , it all depends on how far you are from moscow and how much you 're willing to spend . 
  you can have the father present during the childbirth and have him cut the cord , you can have your personal ob/gyn , you can have unlimited visitors and a personal room for you and the baby . 
  an unplanned delivery in a provincial hospital is a different story . 
  read this for more details ( scroll down for english ) : http://llorax.livejournal.com/7362.html, 
  then what is the reason for the difference ? 
  the ruins of german infrastructure ? 
  are modern western poles the children of kresy poles ? 
  in that case , let 's give them to the basques , since all other europeans are filthy indo-uropeans , turks , semites and finno-ugrics that have invaded and colonized europe . 
  * jealous gnashing of teeth intensifies * ... at least i have a job and our unemployment is low !, 
  take that , iberian peninsula !, 
  it was -13 yesterday . 
  i spent my lunch break analyzing global climatic maps looking for a warm place to live : * las palmas * san diego * lisbon * valparaiso * the best city in mexico , forgot its name * some medium-sized city in brazil , forgot its name seems like the spanish and the portuguese managed to nab the best places in the world for their empires . 
  just dredge up old and ancient rus cities of peremyshl and kholm . 
  if you want to drill for oil in the hinterlands of an azeri girl , you should give your drill a vaseline bath . 
   i summon the penguins !, 
  multiple euro are still \u0435\u0432\u0440\u043e , eurocents follow our complicated rules for specific and non-specific amounts . 
  non-specific amount - \u0435\u0432\u0440\u043e\u0446\u0435\u043d\u0442\u044b , yevrotsenty ( the final y should really be the dotless i from turkish ) amount that ends with 5-0 or 11-14 - \u0435\u0432\u0440\u043e\u0446\u0435\u043d\u0442\u043e\u0432 , yevrotsentov . 
  any other amount , including 1.50 - \u0435\u0432\u0440\u043e\u0446\u0435\u043d\u0442\u0430 , yevrotsenta . 
  why would they be carcinogenic ? 
  are vaseline baths carcinogenic ? 
  the ruins of agdam . 
  the petroleum spas of naftalan . 
  yanar dag , the natural gas fire . 
  hirkan np , i love rainforests , you can also visit iran from there . 
  go : ygo : l lake , have no idea how to add real diacritics on mobile . 
  sounds more like / r/conspiracy material . 
  saying `` we must give crimea back , no strings attached '' is equal to saying `` fuck this jesus guy '' in the us - instant inelectability . 
  from the movies like fmj and gi jane , i guess . 
  or something else not really representative . 
  original gothic , including brick gothic . 
  i like art deco , but it 's ended up as more of an american style . 
  in the second season the actor playing the da lost weight and the show turned to shit . 
  are n't they called `` schloss '' ? 
  depardieu is decidedly uncool . 
  i am russian , but this post sounds like petty bs independently of my nationality . 
  pomors ( arctic ocean russians ) do have many people among them with n y-dna haplogroups , but most other populations are mostly r1a . 
  even that does n't matter , since hungarians are also predominantly r1a while serbs are i. 
  genes do not really matter that much , unless they make you * look * foreign , it 's much more important who you * think * you are . 
  ukrainians and southern russians are almost indistinguishable genetically , yes the former consider themselves distinct from the latter . 
  dow ukraine , obtain their unconditional capitulation , install a new government , redraw the borders , pull out . 
  bam , we can say we 're no longer meddling in ukrainian affairs and they have officially ceded crimea to russia . 
  everyone can be friends with us again . 
  we have a lot in common with poland . 
  baba yaga is the most well-known one . 
  lives in a forest , knows witchcraft , is neither good nor evil . 
  firebird ( or literally heatbird ) is a fabled bird with glowing feathers that is a bitch to catch . 
  rusalkas are the spirits of drowned virgins . 
  if you go swimming with them , they 'll tickle you till you drown . 
  vodyanoy , leshiy and domovoy are the guardian spirits of a river , a forest or a home . 
  respect them , and they will help you , ignore them and they will mess with you . 
  we had some giant reptiles as well , but they all have been killed by various heroes already . 
  another dead monster is nightingale the robber whose whistling was more destructive than those horns the jews blew at jericho . 
  there are also various monsters from the ural mountains , like the silverhoof deer , the golden snake and the local deity , the mistress of copper mountain , but they are of course younger than those above . 
  a hearty bowl of shchi . 
  i wonder on whose payroll they are . 
  germany is populated mostly by germans , but is a federation . 
  the usa are a federation as well , and not a federation of navajo , hopi , havasupai and german-americans . 
  to me a federation is not about multi-ethnic states , it is about the power and responsibility of sub-federal entities . 
  i also do not think the uk is a good example . 
  they have a frozen conflict in ni ( it 's been relatively peaceful recently , but the province is still claimed by both the uk and ireland ) , and you have seen that scotland is not 100 % happy about the amount of attention they get from westminster . 
  france has its own share of issues with handling occitania , but they are not related to what i want to talk about . 
  here in russia , no one knows whether their region is self-sufficient or is firmly attached to the federal teat unless they 're from khanty-mansiysk . 
  that 's because our taxation system concentrates all taxes at the federal level and then redistributes them in a very convoluted way . 
  i think it is deliberate , but i still think it 's very wrong . 
  another example is from ukraine . 
  i do not know if it 's a legitimate example , but i 've read someone from zaporozhye say they 're pissed at never getting a governor who is a local and not someone who treats his term as a really long business trip . 
  so i think oblast-level radas/dumas , elected governors that can not be dismissed from kiev/moscow and extensive oblast-level taxes that are used to fund everything except federal stuff like pensions , highways and defense are something that both our countries need .
