  sorry for russian , but the photographs speak for themselves . 
  it used to house officers of two regiments , but now mostly retired servicemen and their families are left there . 
  that 's kinda cwl . 
  middle class it worker can expect to earn 100-150 krur , or 1300-2k usd before taxes . 
  accountants earn less . 
  because i had to draw the line somewhere , and you did n't make the cut . 
  i really should 've excluded malta as well , since it is technically on the african tectonic plate . 
  i wonder if kazakhs feel about that like czechs feel about slavic unity . 
  this map is like five years old , perhaps i should make my own ... 
  armenia ? 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but you 're as european as tyumen . 
  because our border with them does n't follow the greater caucasus range watershed 100 % . 
  not a sliver of it is in europe . 
  their airport has been reduced to rubble . 
  no fighting 's been reported there for a long time . 
  yes , but what does that mean ? 
  is it mangled italian `` svizzera '' ? 
  what about switzerland ? 
  the endless siesta , they will call it . 
  archangelston . 
  dominicana . 
  they 'll build tsunami-proof dykes and reclaim the pacific . 
  they have very good weather on the coast , similar to san diego . 
  it 's not like you can join the eu now ... 
  population decreases much faster down the list than area . 
  sweden is approx 1.5 times larger than italy , while the netherlands ' pop is 3 times smaller than spain 's . 
  i tried to redo the `` arrange populations by area '' map only with countries that are part of europe . 
  i did n't include countries that are not in europe geographically ( sorry , cyprus and armenia !, 
  i wonder if i should 've excluded malta as well ) . 
  i also did n't include overseas territories ( sorry , france ! ) . 
  i forgot about kosovo ( we can put south tyrol there ) . 
  some observations : - russia , turkey and france ( as well as liechtenstein , san marino , monaco and vatican city ) are perfectly proportioned and handsome - volga germans deported to kazakhstan ( sorry ! ), 
  could 've just stayed there . 
  - there 's a possibility of czechoslovenia being formed and confusing everyone once and for all - romania and moldova are still close , but there 's now a sea between them - switzerland has oil - serbia and austria have switched places - both serbian and croatian capitals can be hit with artillery from beyond the border - austria and luxembourg can recreate their fight for the holy ~ ~ roman ~ ~ yugo ~ ~ slavian ~ ~ germanian crown - macedonia can be renamed european capital region to please ~ ~ greece ~ ~ czech republic - portuguese almost die out without bacalhau until they realize they can trade their bulba to belarus for cod - belarussian seafood is no longer a joke - latvian russians move to transnistria and then move back when all latvians move to the uk, 
  yeah , try taking them from china, 
  russia , serbia and bulgaria are bffs now , ukraine can sanction morocco for taking that coast , australia can host eurovision , poland can into diamonds . 
  not really , their livers and kidneys have filtered too much beer to be useful as transplants . 
  it was built by the ussr , to be precise . 
  what do you think about alexander -  shura ? 
   stig is rare , i can only think of one person named stig right now . 
  some say he can tell if that was a hare . 
  some say he will take you far away from tallinn on his draisine . 
  some say he 'll buy you some crackers when you 're hungover . 
  all we know is he 's called the stig !, 
  the colours on this map are * fabulous * . 
  have you ever wondered why their tld is . ch ? 
  it 's quite a question . 
  for modern russia , it 's the square of freedom in moscow , where people rallied in 1991 against the gkchp putsch . 
  if we go back many years , then it gets kinda murky . 
  novgorod was the first capital of rus , but kiev has been one for much longer . 
  then there 's a gradual process of vladimir becoming less dependent on kiev and then of moscow becoming the principal town in the principality . 
  while reading a book on medieval russian history , i found an unexpected - slav name ( stanislav , vladislav , yaroslav , vyacheslav are quite common nowadays ) . 
  the guy was named \u0416\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0441\u043b\u0430\u0432 / zhiroslav , which can be translated as `` glorious fat '' . 
  does * iva * mean willow in croatian ? 
   sadhbh `` i want to name my daughter sa ... \\* coughs \\* i 'm sorry , sally '' `` ooops , i 've already written her name down as sadhbh . '', 
  `` oh , fine , leave it like that . '', 
  lech, 
  i actually picked the names from the defunct moldovan wikipedia . 
  does your constitution say your official language is romanian ? 
  he was terrifying , not horrifying . 
  maybe ^ i ^ do n't ^ know ^ which ^ is ^ which ... 
  stalin , since he was born a citizen of the russian empire . 
  if you need someone born on the lands belonging to modern russia , then it 's a tougher question . 
  lenin did n't work alone , he was a terrible team player but still had a team of influential comrades . 
   infographics prepared by the russian election commission . 
  my mistake . 
  can i say it 's transnistria that 's labelled with cyrillic moldovan , not moldova ? 
  i tried to include all official languages of european states , including latin , maltese , romansch and luxembourgish . 
  transcaucasian countries and kazakhstan , i am sorry . 
  moldovan was the hardest one , moldovan wikipedia is closed . 
  yes , macedonian names are deliberately placed this way to trigger the greeks . 
  `` slovensko and slovinsko '' , that 's even more confusing than usual . 
  what kind of greek are you ? 
  you should just rename it to portugalija . 
  you mean their coat of arms , which is the most badass coa in europe . 
  it just needs another head , and then we should steal it . 
  i prefer wachau to dachau . 
  somewhere in the dach region . 
  it 's a pretty useable road in winter . 
  no idea why they decided to go there when the rivers were swollen with meltwater . 
  bukhankas are fucking monsters . 
  in * long way round * , the film crew had to join forces with a group of truckers to get to magadan by road , and the vehicle that needed help the least was a fucking second hand uaz van they had bought along the way , not their l200 and pajero . 
  sometimes i want to buy one . 
  yes , airplane tickets to irkutsk are like 30k per person , i can get 15k tickets to munich . 
  i am not sure about the rent , but i doubt there is a spar in ust ' - barguzin . 
  that 's not cheaper than europe . 
  i can , but it 's a bit too hot there for a 2 y.o. 
  in july . 
  yes , the rouble 's value has fallen , and a holiday in europe is now something you have to budget for . 
  and we can not go to turkey or egypt anymore . 
  that 's not victim blaming . 
  we should absolutely not blame people who are mugged for looking rich and defenseless . 
  giving useful advice is not victim blaming . 
  the muggers are to blame , but those who have n't been mugged yet should know what preventive measures they should take until the problem is 100 % eradicated . 
  according to other sources , the patient was brought into the hospital drunk and tried to feel up the nurse . 
  when asked to stop he got confrontational . 
  i presumed they ran away from isis-controlled regions . 
  yes , in the direction of `` these ukrainians should 've known there was a buk sam there and closed the airspace '' . 
  russia is still to blame for the tragedy , but ukraine got no brownie points out of it either . 
  nah , at home the women would be stoned for extramarital sex .
