  that was one of the stupidest things i 've ever seen , american army boots are impossible to shine !, 
  what about all the black petes ? 
  most kurds are muslims . 
  any relation to the hakkapeliitta tyres ? 
  brb , invading . 
  `` ura ! '', 
  has been the russian battle cry for a very long time . 
  i wonder if the ukrainian army uses it as well . 
  unless you have to say 333 . 
  lactarius resimus is delicious as well , but can only be pickled . 
  it turns blueish and is considered the best mushroom to pickle . 
  those anti-vaccers ... 
  it 's not that common here in russia . 
  mushrooms like lactarius resimus , lactarius deliciosus , leccinum aurantiacum , leccinum scabrum are more popular . 
  like the wall in game of thrones . 
  yeah , a colleague of mine was bitten by a tick in an infected part of the country and spent a very stressful day driving back to moscow and searching for immunoglobulin . 
  and as long as you do n't tell them that salo they are eating came from a pig they are free to give it the benefit of a doubt . 
  now that 's someone i would n't mind returning to russia in a body bag . 
  mgimo is prestigious as well , too prestigious , actually . 
  people are more likely to think your dad is a corrupt civil servant or a chechen policeman if you tell anyone you 're a mgimo graduate . 
  what if they broadcast some music to support one of the sides and you inadvertently listen to it ? 
  what about their current marital status ? 
  does your constitution theoretically allow polygamy ? 
  i know there 're rugby union and rugby league , which are two different games , like puck hockey and ball hockey . 
  one of them is less obscure here in russua , but i ca n't remember which one . 
  palant sounds a lot like lapta . 
  totally gross , nutella ftw . 
  you put chocolate sprinkles on everything . 
  but that 's the whole point !, 
  work camps !, 
  work makes you free . 
   we will fight them on the beeches , on the oaks and under the pines !, 
  you mean russia as in the official position of the government of russia ? 
  i have no idea , actually . 
  common people do n't pay much attention to that issue . 
  `` i do n't know , they must 've done something , we would n't have attacked them for no reason at all , would we ? '', 
  bagration was a georgian-russian general from napoleonic wars . 
  operation bagration is something even i had to look up . 
  operations uranus and saturn are better known . 
  where can i learn more about red latvian partisans ? 
  why are they considered war criminals ? 
  well , it all boils down to `` the baltics invited soviet military themselves , we had to protect ukrainians and belorussians living under polish occupation from german occupation , and finland was hostile and too close to st. petersburg '' . 
  years that matter : 22-06-1941 to 09-05-1945 nouns associated with the war : fatherland , defense . 
  noun associated with the end of the war : victory . 
  our role : doing most of the heavy lifting together with the other constituent republics . 
  compatriots who fought for for the other side : traitors . 
  partisans : the only righteous way to live under the occupation , necessary . 
  i like how the capital of adyghe , maikop , is nowhere close to where adyghe circassians live . 
  it 's strange that it treats adyghe , circassian and kabardin as separate ethnolinguistic groups , but i 'd rather hear from our resident circassian what he thinks about it . 
  you ca n't drink anything stronger than beer without toasts , cheers/prost is not a fucking toast . 
  you must top up the drink before each toast . 
  you may not top up your own drink unless you are doing it for everyone . 
  it would actually be lesser russia . 
  that was totally named after a polish prince , amirite ? 
  you know , i am a little sad . 
  the views from the old mountain railway were supposed to be worth that extra hour , but now it 's too late for me to ride it . 
  and poroshenko 's figures do not take into account ng and misc volunteer batallion losses, 
  and poroshenko 's figures do not take into account ng and misc volunteer batallion losses, 
  ukraine 's been on the offensive as well and suffered most of their casualties there . 
  i guess most of the russian casualties can be attributed to the debaltsevo and airport offensives , novoazovsk counteroffensive was quite rapid and successful . 
  well , you have to wear it with a suit and a coat , not with shorts and a neckbeard . 
  and looking more like humphrey bogart than hamface bogan ca n't hurt either . 
  poroshenko claimed a couple days ago that ukrainian casualties are comparable ( 2.1 k or so ) , i doubt that russian losses are much higher than ukrainian . 
  i would like to see them spend some time in mordovia in a government-owned housing complex with free food and attractive watchtowers . 
  is that a bag on a metal frame with wheels ? 
  do n't worry about the elite . 
   you know what we say about people from brno in prague ? 
  - what ? 
  - nothing !, 
  well , i have n't met him . 
  who ? 
  so far i have n't managed to teach my wife to freak me out with a sudden `` willst du ficken ? '', 
  yet . 
   a young college student acquires a flying lada , forgotten since soviet times . 
  it 's a fucking gaz-21 `` volga '' , a d-class car that was the wet dream of every soviet driver !, 
  i felt the suspense was lost around gibraltar . 
  they hit bottom , so the worst was over , and it did n't look like they would n't be able to refloat the boat . 
  i have n't met a real indian that was smarter than lal yet . 
  it 's really , really hard to comprehend the sheer scale of this battle . 
  a huge , monstrous meatgrinder among the ruins ; an endless cat-and-mouse of cqb ; artillery barrages and airstrikes that shake you like a baby 's rattle ; people arriving to fight with nothing but their willingness to die and dying willingly ; the endless steppe beyond the volga , so vast and so indefensible ; the immense river itself , black with char and red with blood , full of boats bringing reinforcements day and night , day and night , shot at , bombed , but still hurrying to and fro ; people sent to attack faraway rzhev near the headwaters of the volga , sent to lure the attention of the reich away from stalingrad , dying and not knowing they were meant to die . 
  and finally the pincers of operation uranus crossing the river and meeting to the west of the city , slowly strangling the germans trapped inside , undersupplied , frostbitten , huddling closer and closer in the wintery ruins , leaving behind a carpet of frozen bodies in feldgrau and green . 
  i would n't want anyone , even my worst enemy , to experience this firsthand . 
  it 's the germans who are stealing them due to osmotic pressure . 
  yeah , and the rulers inside lenin do n't resemble anyone at all . 
  what about guerilla warfare ? 
  you used to be very good at it , hiding in your immense swamps . 
  we 've been taught that that orange piece was something we wanted to be kept by bulgaria , since we would be able to have a port there , and were countered by other european nations , who preferred to keep our fleet locked in the black sea . 
   unfortunately i have no links . 
  have we burned them as well ? 
  the bicycle parking rack next to our office was full this summer . 
  it was a small one , but still at least 20 people were commuting by bike . 
  also lots of central asians riding vintage soviet bicycles . 
  it 's forbidden to make homosexual innuendoes in russia , so no , we did n't smoke them out . 
  a single uniting moment , not marred by the mistakes or crimes committed by the same people or their leaders before or after that moment ? 
  kicking the poles , who supported the deposition and murder of one tsar and humiliated the next one , out of our country . 
  or maybe humiliating a certain french corporal , hounding him ( with some help of our germanic friends ) all the way to paris and sending him to elba . 
  is he from the same rehab as well ? 
  you ca n't sell anything in russia without at least a sticker that has information for consumers in russian . 
   ah , ronaldo , the famous brazilian football player !, 
  well , it * is * overwhelmingly likely to be true , but no one will officially confirm it , of course .
