  most swear words can be traced to proto-slavic roots and we have surviving written examples of swearing from xii century , i.e. , before any mongols . 
  what , no sarmatians at all ? 
  poor romantic nationalists of the plc must be disappointed . 
  i wonder what israel thinks of that . 
  russian missiles in syria , mistrals in egypt ... 
  that 's why buying those bacon-powered mistrals was a bad idea . 
  with so much pork in russia being imported , running them would be prohibitively expensive . 
  peas are optional . 
  carrot and cheese salad : grate carrots and edam/gouda cheese finely , mix in 1:1 proportion , add mayo , crushed garlic and salt to taste . 
  next time i will share the recipe of the only russian salad that does n't use mayo !, 
  in case someone has the munchies . 
  borsch looks like red soup . 
  because it is one . 
  why oil ? 
  bacon fat should be enough to fry everything . 
  wtf , i 've never seen anyone exhale so much vapour after a single puff . 
  theatrical russian taught to the actors of [ maly ( lesser ) theatre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maly_theatre_ ( moscow \\ ) ) . 
  the theatre is very old-fashioned ( no experiments whatsoever ! ), 
  and their russian is very prim and proper . 
  [ some ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vp5oohdg3eg ) [ examples ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdptmnodsdw ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't smoke , and e-cig vapour is inoffensive to me . 
  i would n't want to be stuck next to a vaper in a completely full carriage ( when you have to stand and touch other people with your elbows ) , but if the train or tram is half full , then i wo n't mind . 
  no confusion . 
  my face is very russian . 
  2 minutes walk , 25 minutes metro ride across moscow , 10-15 minites waiting for a shuttle bus , 10 minutes bus ride , 3 minutes walk . 
  when the new metro station is finally finished , the commute will become significantly shorter . 
  my first idea was that some districts do not have their own hospitals . 
  my first idea was that some districts do not have their own hospitals . 
  i actually liked his * little brother * more because of that , when the narrator is a teen you are more willing to forgive the jerks in the narrative . 
  the authors originally planned to write something close to * the three musketeers * , an action and intrigue packed easy to follow story . 
  now it 's one of their most popular books , known for tolstoy-like musings about the role of an individual in history . 
  did you know there 's a band from montenegro called monteniggers ? 
  the touch french , you mean . 
  doctorow does n't feel as refined as gibson . 
  i liked `` makers '' , for example , but it felt kinda disjoint at several points . 
  that novel he co-wrote ( the one about a welsh dude ) felt more polished . 
  that 's because you probably copy-pasted them from codeproject or stackoverflow ^ ^ / s, 
  `` we want to remain the last successful mass migration into europe '' - hungarians . 
   how germany deals with people forcing their way over the border einsatzgruppen ? 
  you saying that like it 's a bad thing . 
  i doubt you have any , the russians are still there in latvia . 
  and we have [ this wonderful conversation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e4/radoslav.jpg?uselang=ru ) from the xii century that ends with `` o brother jacob , fuck prone , you fuckwanter , ballsshover '' , when that jacob presumably asks his brother to collect his debt from a merchant instead of just giving him the money . 
   like this now we need a line to \u00cele de clipperton as well . 
   its where a lot of industry is . 
  was . 
  if ukraine reintegrates it , it will be saddled with a fucking rust belt full of ruins , unexploded ordnance and disgruntled jobless mine and factory workers with aks buried under their cabbage patches . 
  this sounded like a typical russian accent . 
  his tough guy images depends on his ability to whip someone with his spontaneous or prepared verbal attack . 
  that 's not something he can do while reciting a prepared speech about culture and cooperation in an unfamiliar language . 
  the vowels sounded russian , while the consonants and the general melody and tempo were german . 
  still better than my german . 
  and vocabulary as well . 
  i now see people say `` clay '' unironically in the most unexpected places . 
  nah , the pedos are not aroused just by the date of birth in the id . 
  it 's the immaturity of the body and mind that is arousing to them . 
  i think we should let them back in . 
  there are three circassian republics they can settle in , as long as they agree to learn russian . 
  the greens are a shell , not a real party . 
  yabloko is notoriously inflexible and does n't do anything to win the hearts and minds . 
  i am not promoting populism , but they are too rigid . 
  nah , he 's just a namesquatter . 
  took this name for his party before namequatting was even a thing . 
  wait , does this mean zhirik is a hipster ? 
  and filipp kirkorov is bulgarian . 
  yep . 
  we have the same joke with ru/ua/by . 
  hahaha , deal with it , czech republic !, 
  a russian and a ukrainian are in egypt and find a magic lamp . 
  the ukrainian rubs it and the genie appears and asks for three wishes . 
  wish number one is to remove all moskals ( russians ) from ukraine to russia , says the ukrainian . 
  done , says the genie . 
  wish number two is a mile high wall around my dear ukraine to keep them out , says the ukrainian . 
  done , says the genie . 
  i have no more wishes , we will make everything else come true ourselves now that the moskals are all finally gone , says the ukrainian , i give my last wish to that moskal next to me , maybe this will help his waste of a country in some way . 
  the genie shrugs and turns to the russian . 
  is it true that there 's not a single russian left in ukraine ? 
  - asks the russian . 
  absolutely true , says the genie . 
  and there 's a mile high wall all around ukraine , no gaps or holes or anything like that ? 
  i swear by the beard of the prophet i 've done what he asked !, 
  great , then pour concrete inside until it reaches the top of the wall , says the russian . 
   if is winter , guud idea : f\u00f6rst make hole in ice pifoor jump th\u00f6 lake . 
  wiser words have never been spoken by a finn . 
  your land is better : warmer and more fertile . 
  genetic studies show that hungarians are most likely slavs in denial . 
  have you ever had an unexplained urge to buy a tracksuit and a flat cap ? 
   blatnograd slavic city !, 
  send magyars back to siberia !, 
  how come so many nords are actually seeking asylum in other parts of the empire if ulfric 's junta supposedly represents the popular sentiment ? 
  why condemn the annexation of the reach if the reachmen have repeatedly voiced their desire to join the empire ? 
  and no , the haafingar people 's republic is not an imperial proxy !, 
  not necessarily . 
  some are ethnic ukrainians , most are kinda mixed . 
  are there any plants that are not halal ? 
  and put them into walled camps with guards . 
  even after they pissed their pants in 2011 and pulled out of the protests together with just russia ? 
  they should 've just nuked it . 
  have you read the recent one ? 
  with a retired russian major shining the boots of a black nato sergeant ?
