  neutral or positive , of course . 
  when have i accused you of russophobia ? 
  hoi iv is out , so i do n't want to spend much time here when i can take the * whole * poland . 
  good to hear . 
  that was not a discussion about history , that was a dick-measuring contest about what really counts as a defeat and what does n't . 
  you can not say neutral things about homosexuality if minors might be present . 
   in madrid it 's illegal to beg for money with a dog i guess they care about animal welfare . 
  are you allowed to beg with a baby ? 
  why not let churches ask for donations directly ? 
  if they 're popular , people will donate . 
  ataturk must 've looked good in fedora . 
  do you need some rectal balm ? 
  has n't russia partitioned poland like four times ? 
  i think that 's what counts , not the number of victories before that, 
  yandex.ru is our google with lots more useful services avito.ru is our craigslist without prositution rbc.ru is a good news website that 's beeb stripped of its management a while ago . 
  ca n't guarantee it will stay relevant pgu.mos.ru is a government service website for moscow , surprisingly usable, 
  russia is the butthurt belly that the butthurt belt is stretched around . 
  kuk means `` imperial and royal '' , referring to austrian-hungarian things , just like `` her majesty 's '' means british . 
  azerbaijan and georgia ? 
  ... how the hell did i forget about them ? 
  i actually had to look up the flag of montenegro . 
  bulgaria , ukraine and poland should fix their flags first . 
  do you celebrate 1939 , the year when ukrainian people were reunited in a single atate ? 
  huh ? 
  that 's exactly what we celebrate - ending this occupation . 
  the war of 1812 is well-known , but no dates from it are national holidays . 
  poland is simply the biggest and therefore the loudest country in the butthurt belt . 
  to give an honest answer , most people do n't know what the holiday is about . 
  we did n't forget them , do n't worry . 
  we celebrate it as our unity day . 
  that 's not what we celebrate and you know that . 
  do n't worry , there are only two countries we celebrate not losing to : germany and poland . 
  yeah , everyone knows it 's clover and your national animal is no snakes . 
  19/28 , some lucky guesses included, 
  you can start a new game . 
  yep , he designed dishonored after that as well . 
  yeah , moscow is a city where you do n't want to take a deep breath after returning from a vacation . 
  in northern dagestan - yes . 
  central and southern - not really . 
  not really , there are n't that many of them , but there 's even fewer russians in sakha . 
  ah , so some people had to be killed first to legitimize the secession . 
  of course we have radio yerevan jokes . 
  that 's not how the joke goes . 
  q : how do you use a flavored condom to prevent stds ? 
  a : you chew it . 
  q : before or after having sex ? 
  a : instead of having sex . 
   because they 're a violent separatist movement illegally killing ukrainians on ukrainian territory . 
  there once was a violent separatist movement illegally killing the british on british territory . 
  they even expelled lots of loyalists from their lands after the conflict was over . 
  for being anti-american they sure do sound too much like gop . 
   but can it though , when did they come to crimea then ? 
  that 's hard to define , since their ancestors came to crimea in series of migrations , the latest biggest one being the mongol invasion of 1239 , the one that destroyed the rus city of korchev ( modern kerch ) . 
  they * are * the group that have no other home than crimea , other earlier groups being extinct . 
  but that 's like calling hungarians the indigenous people of the pannonian basin . 
  crimean tatars definitely deserve to be protected as a minority group , but their influence in crimea should be proportional to their population . 
   lol , so if russia organizes a famine to kill the locals and deports the rest and replaces them with their own people , then they have the right to claim the right to self determination ? 
  yeah , sorry kid , that 's not a plausible solution . 
  yes , that 's how it works . 
  although we have n't tried it , not even when russia was part of the ussr . 
   and do n't start to lie about the crimean referendum being democratic . 
  unfortunately , it was not well-organized , but even if it had been , the outcome would 've been the same . 
   russian empire was not democratic either ... and estonians on a large scale supported democratic-minded political parties , so you argument here is bogus . 
  what argument ? 
  i have never said you were allowed to split only from tyrannies or if you were a democracy . 
  independence movements and revolutions are practically always illegal , but their results and causes are facts on the ground . 
   and your argument is even insulting - the vote should n't be to `` let go '' , but to `` go '' . 
  that 's what ukraine insists it should 've been , to `` let go '' . 
   the rightful indigenous people - the crimean tatars opposed independence and annexation to russia . 
  you helped crimea because you are an imperialistic dictatorship , just recognize it and we can finish this charade . 
  i did not help crimea and i am not an imperialistic dictatorship , the indigenous status of the crimean tatars can be disputed , but it is irrelevant . 
  being indigenous has nothing to do with self-determination . 
  it was done relatively democratically , at least in crimea . 
  no one in the russian empire voted to let your country go . 
  france helped the us , finalnd and the uk helped you , we helped crimea . 
  letting them join russia right away was a stupid mistake , though . 
   see ? 
  we are people accustomed to ignoring commands , it all fits perfectly . 
  what about making them wear helmets ? 
  i do n't think people become terrorists for shits and giggles . 
  very clannish , very macho , very patriarchal , honour culture so they are prone to face-saving violence , but they are not wusses like arabs or georgians that are more loud than dangerous . 
  two weddings and a funeral . 
  what 's martial fertility , rape by soldiers ? 
  i wonder why arefin has n't been forced by the court to reimburse the workers . 
  they will pay for both parts !, 
  we 'll build a wall on our southern border and make ukraine pay for it !, 
   but some kind of political career is perfectly possible . 
  like being a pace member ? 
  well , i can run for president if russians want it , too . 
  queues ? 
  do n't you have lines in america instead ? 
  i wanted to post [ this example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljkc60ibtki ) , but they are natives , not russian tourists in ukraine . 
  nice view . 
  their females are expected to wear purple shell suits , are n't they ? 
  who cares about latvia ? 
  he even got to stay there a few extra days for free !, 
  what 's wrong with building a proper russia ? 
  are public pensions optional in germany ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  an expressio , you meant to say .
