  wash your face with snow . 
  just make sure it is n't yellow . 
  i am sorry , i do n't quite get what our discussion is about . 
  are we trying to find out who had a harder time oppressing their neighbour or whose task was harder ? 
  i do n't believe either russia or poland has ever been stupid enough to attack the other at their prime . 
  okay , what about suppressing all your uprisings after the third partition ? 
  do they count ? 
  or letting the nationalist army expend themselves against the nazis in warsaw ? 
  three partitions , liberation of kresy , the deluge . 
  germany and the us ? 
  i know mamba.ru was reportedly the most popular dating site , but i do n't know if tinder has outgrown it . 
  i think tinder is more hip and urban , mamba was like whores + / r/anormaldayinrussia . 
  yeah , and we did what anyone would do to poland at least five times after that . 
  litwania or litvania sounds fine . 
   obligatory expected it to be that satw comic . 
  our old door opened inwards , our new door opens outwards . 
  when it rains , you should have a roofed porch . 
  we had an unkillable minsk-12 that turned all yellow but kept working for like 30 years . 
  well , there are preliminary border checkpoints along all significant roads leading to the border , so you have to go off-road several tens of kilometers before the border to cross it . 
  and i was wondering why the countertops were so low . 
  makes sense . 
  i did n't know the french were so short . 
  is 179 cm well above the national average for french men , or for all french ? 
  here you get a candy bar and a day off for donating . 
  at work there 's a cafeteria where i can get a prebuilt lunch ( veg salad , soup , main course and a red-flavoured drink ) for 3eur . 
  i usually pick a better salad , a better main course , a dessert and the same red-flavoured drink and pay 4.5-5 .5 eur for that . 
  do n't remind me how expensive switzerland is . 
  it was a nasty shock arriving in zurich on a train from bregenz and seeing these prices . 
  that 's one of the cornerstone problems of the free market : labour is not rewarded based on its intensity , but on its supply , while most people value the intensity of their labour . 
   labour or the ability to profitably sell his labour ? 
  being at the right place at the right time and all that ? 
  now that 's capitalism . 
  he does n't sound like someone favoured by the people in charge . 
  maybe he was talking about the futility of peaceful protests ? 
  is that talk show on yt ? 
  are we talking about the same person ? 
   to each according to his need to each according to his labour, 
   one of the leading politicians in the country - sergey stankevich what . 
  stankevich is a leading politician ? 
  he 's not a member of any parliamentary parties , he 's not in the government . 
  holy crap , we have asshole drivers who drive along the hard shoulder to get around the jam , while you have asshole bikers who do the same . 
  i would 've knocked him off the bike with an umbrella or a bag . 
  does anyone do that ? 
  switch on your blinker and block your lane until someone lets you in . 
  repeat until you 're in the rightmost lane . 
  that 's why the jam is so hopeless . 
  we have parking fee zones and park & ride car parks . 
  the problem with p&r is that local residents tend to park their cars there . 
  i do n't know why they do n't tow away every car that is still there by 2am . 
  i would gladly have a car-free zone inside the garden ring ( pictured in the op 's link ) as well . 
  that has nothing to do with transaero , metrojet has been a company using relatively old airplanes to take people to egypt and back for quite a long time . 
  charter flights have really low profit margins , since people vacationing in egypt are price-sensitive , so the planes are worked harder than a peasant 's horse . 
  i 've yet to meet a syrian refugee trying to get into alaska . 
  no it 's not , the border guards will detain you . 
  are you talking about mayak plant ? 
  the lake was supposed to stay sealed , but ... chernobyl is still worse , though . 
  ukraine has a similar missing verse in their anthem as well . 
  can we declare wars on tax havens to make them change their laws ? 
  i doubt any of them have sizable militaries . 
  and you can ride a train across it !, 
  i would rather reboot the cossacks . 
  want to be a cossack and enjoy lower taxes , cheap land and relaxed weapon ownership and carry laws ? 
  then you have to live in places with low relative or absolute russian population and serve in the local national guard . 
  do n't want to do that ? 
  you are n't a cossack , then . 
  croatia has become full of `` game of thrones '' fans . 
  i would love to visit milton keynes , i am interested in urban planning . 
  but some survived and died choking on matzo , as the story goes . 
  some toasts can be rather short , but you ca n't drink from a refilled or topped-up glass without a toast , neither does `` prost '' or `` cheers '' count as a real toast . 
  what 's wrong with buying diapers in bulk if they are sold in bulk ? 
  yes , and they picked the shallowest arctic sea out of many that we have . 
   this one ? 
  there 's nothing important inside if you look at the map , or is there ? 
  what 's with that hernia on the border with belarus ? 
  the one in the grey region . 
  is there such a big difference between people from lugarno and como ? 
  lojban , of course . 
  they do n't want to avoid racism , they want to avoid manifestations of racism ... except segregation is one as well . 
  you know which one . 
  we 're still ca n't get over the fact they broke up with us and behave like a crazy stalking ex-boyfriend . 
  oh , and they did n't obey the rules of countryball , that was the worst thing about the protests . 
  you have to submerge them completely . 
  when they stop struggling they are supposedly cured . 
  i think they are a spoiler party used to show that elections are a farce and collect the votes of disillusioned youth . 
  what real party would people who know what star wars are vote for ? 
  do you have any ideas who 's sponsoring them ? 
  \u00bf what made you think i do , hombre ? 
  the spanish anthem , i 've even learned all the words . 
  i wonder if we should rename all our krais to ukraines to `` restore the original meaning of the word '' . 
  this should make our favourite neighbours absolutely livid , especially if we start calling their country `` southwestern ukraine '' . 
  i agree . 
  i hope corrida still exists when i finally get to visit seville . 
  i doubt there are many people alive who remember lenin . 
  stalin died more than 60 years ago and lenin died more than 90 years ago . 
  is n't quechua decathlon 's private brand ? 
  or does ortega own decathlon as well ? 
  this is such a perfect example of what was happening in the 90 's . 
  the choir of the mighty soviet army touring with a minor finnish group to earn * any * money . 
  50 russias , of course . 
  142 million chechens would be worse than genghis khan .
