  mongol blood confirmed !, 
  [ he danced like an african american mocking the way he thinks white people dance ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=s6ksc7r6jhc ) . 
  the battle cry is '' \u0423\u0440\u0430-\u0430-\u0430-\u0430 ! '', 
  there 's also [ them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monteniggers ) . 
  croatian prefers slavic neologisms to international terminology . 
  i have no idea what bosnian and montenegroid languages use . 
  it 's not the church that 's proposing most of this shit . 
  it 's not a baby , it 's a fucking 500 pound gorilla . 
  republican social conservatism . 
  as they say here in the army , in case of a nuclear attack hold your rifle in outstretched arms . 
  this way molten steel wo n't drip on your government-issue boots and ruin them . 
  dad was 25 and mom was 24 . 
  well , it 's a river reservoir , not a sea , so salt 's not an issue . 
  yeah , but most of them are n't as religious as americans are , so they do n't stand out . 
  faux-hellenized spelling of artaxerxes . 
  [ arizona or utah ? 
  yes , we had a civil war that started in 1917 . 
  we still have n't reconciled over its results . 
  18 km , 35 minutes by metro . 
  that 's faster than like 95 % of my coworkers . 
  i guess the end of 1979 when soviet intervention in afghanistan began was the end of the quiet period . 
  dota 2 ? 
  we call it \u043d\u0430\u0440\u0434\u044b , and it 's much more popular with muslims than with russian russians . 
  most european speak non-rhotic english , so to us they sound the same . 
  russian estonians and latvians - more conservative than us , but despite that have their shit together . 
  my sample size is not that big . 
  resent the titular majority , which is pretty much self-explanatory . 
  ukrainian russians - it 's a spectrum . 
  you generally wo n't notice crossing the border . 
  there was another spelling reform in 1956 : http://xn--80afqvalc3ae5i.xn--c1avg, 
  no , but we have a law that forbids offending religious feelings . 
  we have no academic freedom , and most faculty and admins that voice their views are therefore pro-government . 
  it 's twice as expensive as petrol here . 
  most people consider deep frying a waste of oil . 
  more like 80 + . 
  both h1b lottery and dv lottery are really weird concepts . 
  canada and australia have points-based systems that are much better . 
  ordering h1b visas by salary would solve the most grievous problems with it , but would n't solve the issue of tradespeople not being able to immigrate . 
  sam ? 
  sam , it 's april 10th 1948 and you 're benzion cohen !, 
  spartak moscow - moscow sausagemakers dinamo moscow - moscow coppers cska moscow - moscow soldiers lokomotiv moscow - moscow stokers torpedo moscow - moscow autoworkers zenit spb - spb steelers, 
  every german bundesland ? 
  and josef fritzl . 
  what about snow all day , every day ? 
  and it 's not nighttime only when rocky has to help a celebrating peasant renewing the way on his drovni . 
  moldovan construction workers used to be a stereotype . 
  you should watch more russian films , then . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard our air raid sirens . 
  i am not even sure the system even exists . 
  we say excuse my french too . 
  i can think only of moscow nicknames : - \u043d\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0437\u0438\u043d\u043e\u0432\u0430\u044f , notmadeofrubber , from the saying `` moscow 's not made of rubber '' , meaning it ca n't fit all the people that want to move there . 
  - \u041c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0432\u0430\u0431\u0430\u0434 , moskvabad , since there are many central asian immigrants in moscow and - abad is a common ending of place names there . 
  - default city , from the rules of auto.ru , where all classified ads were presumed to be from moscow by default and you had to repeat the name of your locality at least twice to indicate otherwise . 
  presumably originated in imperial times when st pete was the capital . 
  made sense in soviet times as well , when the new factories resulted in lots of former peasants moving to the city . 
  well , there 's also \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0432-\u043f\u0430\u043f\u0430 , daddy rostov for rostov-on-don , the mommy is odessa in ukraine , and they 're the parents of the criminal underworld . 
  st pete is the northern venice and the northern palmyra and the cradle of the revolution . 
  i ca n't think of any contemptuous nicknames for it . 
  london 's easily big enough for 7 days . 
  lots of museums and parks . 
  if you 're bored you can always take a day trip to a smaller town or two nearby . 
  every day , i live in moscow, 
  the doctor 's there for the delivery itself ( along with a neonatologist and a child reanimatologist , i 'm not sure if that 's typical ) , but is n't present the whole time the baby 's moving , the nurse is doing most of the care and is on call and the doctor pops in every half an hour or so to check on the progress . 
  generally yes . 
  the exceptions are electronics and clothes shops and upmarket supermarkets . 
  germany . 
  then we can partition everything between us . 
  several times a year on my dacha , where the power lines and the substation suck . 
  less than one time per year at home . 
  not during storms , though . 
  mostly accidents . 
   dniprodzerzhynsk you can just call it stonyplace now . 
  innsborough !, 
  you should throw some yuses at us , not sibilants . 
  loogaborooga sounds like it 's really a place in australian , next to humpty-doo and billabong . 
  it 's about 50:50 here , and you ca n't ask the kiosk for a bun with no sesame seeds . 
  our parliament gets paid to rubberstamp the bills , so they are either doing everything or nothing . 
  i like spice , but not red peppers . 
  hotness for the sake of hotness just makes no sense to my taste buds . 
  we do n't have standard cars since the police has no long-term contracts with automakers . 
  lots of ladas , of course . 
  i think it 's either vienna or turin . 
  most likely turin . 
  just russia is a fake party that was created as a spoiler against cprf , it 's been on life support since the election . 
  is it ? 
  i have n't been inside for many years . 
  new england , nyc and jersey . 
  a bridge to crimea . 
  a new rail road that will be shorter than the transsib . 
  counter-intuitively , it will curve to the north if you look at the map . 
  does crimea count ? 
  i 've been there a few times in the 20th century . 
  catalonia . 
  scotland . 
  ireland . 
  ukraine . 
  chechnya . 
  there 's plenty of replacement leaders there . 
  centralization . 
  we need territorial police , governors that do not answer to the federal government , more taxes staying at the subject level .
