  i would probably confuse czech with it . 
  i have never heard slovak . 
  :( written bulgarian is obvious , i could probably recognize it being spoken as well . 
  serbo-croatian is also easy , but do n't expect me to identify macedonian or slovenian . 
  english and german are easy to recognize , as i speak both . 
  i might recognize dutch as well . 
  scandinavian germanic languages are one big mess to me . 
  speaking of accents , i ca n't tell russian - and romanian-accented english apart if the accent is not 100 % broad . 
  they 're very similar to me . 
  the uk is much smaller than russia . 
  you also do not need an id here in russia to buy a short-distance train ticket . 
  if your ticket has a seat reservation , then you require an id . 
  russian intercity buses are even worse than russian intercity trains . 
  right now there 's a moscow-wide crackdown on them in the name of counter-terrorism , since many of the buses are semi-legal and you do n't need an id to buy a ticket . 
  now i 'm getting into the realm of fantasy , but * easing * visa restrictions simultaneously with implementing sanctions against the political elite would show even tv-fed russians that the sanctions are not against them . 
  the other idea from the same realm is eu pushing ukraine towards federalization . 
  that 's a separate problem . 
  has putin tried to solve it in any way ? 
  no , he sent `` totally not russian soldiers '' into crimea instead . 
  i do n't know what happened behind the closed doors , but he should 've pushed the eu not to accept the outcome of the uprising . 
  or flood the country with eu/russian peacekeepers as soon as the deal was signed . 
  what he did instead has already overshadowed the actions of the protesters in the eyes of ukrainians . 
  i support sanctions . 
  but they should be well-targeted ones . 
  arrest the bank accounts and seize other assets of our mps and members of the cabinet . 
  send their kids and wives ( even if they had a tactical divorce ) back to moscow . 
  my only fear is that our government will as usual retaliate with something that hurts russian people worse than europe . 
  the whole russian government system depends on one man . 
  his life is the weakness . 
  they asked him if there 's a point of holding one : will he agree to annex or not . 
  i do n't watch russian news , actually . 
  i 've changed the designation of the right sector to a less controversial one , but i still view people with `` totally not inspired by a swastika '' insignia with suspicion . 
  i 'm not talking about their own emblem , but the ones of its constituents . 
   her clothes were itching and she longed to take them all off and just lie on the bed . 
  she had turned the air conditioning way down to its bottom temperature setting , way up to its top fan setting . 
  what she wanted more than anything else in the world at the moment was goose pimples . 
  then a hot shower , then a cool one , then lying on a towel , on the bed again , drying in the air conditioning . 
  then reading the message . 
  maybe more goose pimples . 
  maybe all sorts of things . 
   * douglas adams . 
  mostly harmless * every single russian would 've died from that . 
  cold wind + wet hair is to us what fans are to koreans . 
  but their complete winter kit consists of a single scarf , no jacket , no cap , no winter boots . 
  should 've reformed your spelling to make more sense . 
  taoiseach should be pronounced ta-oi-sea-ch . 
   brits are migrating back to our lakes too early by several weeks , people are scared we might get a cold snap and they 'd all die my first thought after reading this wrong was `` but brits do n't feel the cold ! '', 
  oh , the famous concrete bomb . 
  did you know the radius of the damage caused by one is equal to 1/2 of the diameter of the bomb itself ? 
  is n't that amazing ? 
  also , til real concrete bombs [ exist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/concrete_bomb ) . 
  i propose the safest route , along the eurasian coast : norway , russia , north korea , china , vietnam , etc. 
  those who 'll manage to reach the black sea can rest and recuperate in the olympic village . 
  latvian riflemen are offended by your insinuations . 
  edit : oh , you meant fighter * planes * , my bad . 
  is n't it also famous for its cats and goats ? 
  ** russia ** it 's st. petersburg , the capital of russian empire . 
  it 's often called the cultural capital of russia , it is the birthplace of the revolution , the survivor of the leningrad blockade and the city where mr. putin and many of his friends come from . 
  the aforementioned mr. putin has transferred the constitutional court and iirc the navy command there , but it 's not a city that matters in national politics . 
  everyone of note has moved to moscow , and it 's a passive city , unlike yekaterinburg , for example . 
  petersburgers are widely considered intellectual snobs that speak a pretentious , but incorrect dialect of russian . 
  they themselves consider us muscovites a bunch of uneducated villagers . 
  because she 's glib like 10,000 used car salesmen . 
  you can lustrate them without banning them . 
  enough dirty laundry , and no one will vote for them again . 
  right now it does n't look like they 're trying to unify the people . 
  they 've proposed to ban the cpu and the por , they 've repealed the regional languages law . 
  they 're pushing as hard as they can to destroy any opposition from the east before the elections . 
  do you think repealing the regional languages law was a wise decision ? 
  i do n't think it did anyone any harm , but this can be used to further brand you as russophobes . 
  yes she is , we 'll probably hear more of them if she wins the election . 
  neither is okay . 
  a complete victory should n't mean the other side is destroyed . 
  for example , south africa would be much worse off if not for the truth and reconciliation commission . 
  it 's ok to occupy a central square and throw firebombs at the police , not a big deal . 
  it 's not a good idea to prosecute either side at the moment . 
  what do you propose ? 
  arrest everyone who shot at the protesters and threw molotovs at the police ? 
  uk should 've been forced to pull a germany : deport all unionists from ni and hand it over to roi . 
  since we finally won eurovision a few years back , we have relaxed our collective sphincter and can enjoy the show instead of bitching about the latest failure of our nominee or the anti-russian eurovision conspiracy . 
  it probably had an automatic gearbox . 
  shafted ? 
  do n't worry , you 'll get all the land east of the elbe for your troubles . 
  and lose all the land east of the vistula ... 
  along with the sound guy who screwed up the first verse of the olympic anthem . 
  i 've drifted downwards since the last time i took the test ... http://www.politicalcompass.org/crowdchart.php?showform=&amp;newname=orthoxerox&amp;newec=-6.62&amp;newsoc=-2.31, 
  the rules of succession demand an election . 
  will , for example , sechin let medvedev run unopposed ? 
  i think the fight for the seat will destroy the system , unless we have gone 100 % byzantine . 
  vikings and the great northern war of peter the great . 
  that 's probably it . 
  why do you think the vertical of power will survive after the death of putin ? 
  it basically depends on no one amounting to anything . 
  what kind of barbarian would wear a hat indoors ? 
  or the holograms !, 
  or washing your hands !, 
  or the ~ ~ von ~ ~ neumann architecture !, 
  seems like our cultures have a lot in common , not just sprinkle-happy priests . 
   you would be hard pressed to name one nordic comedy show the ylvises , or what 's their name . 
  the fox and kygyzstan guys .
