  i agree that doing any sweeping changes right now is a bad idea , that 's basic change management theory , but it is also wrong to say you 've managed to survive for 23 years . 
  nikon has also managed to survive by iterating their cameras , and now it is flailing around , doing stupid things like ~ ~ banning gays/building walls ~ ~ trying to diversify into medical equipment because their old strategy has run out of steam . 
  i would n't mind de facto federalization happening to russia . 
  i 've never lived in ukraine , why do you think devolution of power is a bad thing for your country ? 
  yep , nicholas ii and gorbachev . 
  both thinking they 're pretty smart and shrewd politicians and never noticing they 're actually terrible politicians . 
  i have a feeling that another one will soon join this prestigious club . 
  stalin was a terrible human being , but an outstanding politician . 
  yeltsin was n't that smart , but he knew that and did n't try to outsmart anyone . 
  do n't you think that recognizing russian as an official language would pull at least a single tooth out of kremlin 's propaganda mouth ? 
  well , the february revolution happened without lenin , and i am also not sure if lenin was all white and fluffy . 
  he simply died before he could do enough ... memorable things . 
  would you support having two official languages with public officials required to master both , like in belgium ? 
  no one 's interested in talking about lenin these days , but stalin 's everywhere . 
  stalin , i guess . 
  do they ? 
  i 've never noticed any difference . 
  i really , really like your system of not having a single human rule and represent your country . 
  do n't forget elsass and lothringen . 
  are you open-minded enough to accept the existence of closed-minded people ? 
  * also , most of muscovites are former provincials who look down on those they 've left behind . 
  * always in a hurry , push and shove past you when you stop to read which train to take . 
  * filthy rich who moan about not being able to afford an iphone 6 . 
  what 's something that does n't buzz and wo n't fit into your arse ? 
  who would n't want to live in the city of eternal midnight ? 
  10/10 , something to rage about for everyone . 
  no one knows who shot him . 
  i would seriously recommend winter as the best season to visit russia ( not moscow ) . 
  snow is better than dirt and the country looks like you 've imagined it . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/05/01/64-percent-of-muslims-in-egypt-and-pakistan-support-the-death-penalty-for-leaving-islam/ and that 's just those who support the death penalty , not incarceration or other treatment . 
  dpp is bigger , but is more ukrainian-oriented politically . 
  to add to what / u/adinadin said , they claim they do n't use a db of willing survey takers , but call a truly random set of phone numbers every time . 
  the difference is in their age . 
  it 's one thing if you convert to islam as an adult and choose to wear a hijab . 
  it 's another thing if you are told to wear one by your parents . 
  but hijabs are not the biggest problem . 
  most muslims do not believe in the freedom of religion . 
  sholokhov parodied in m&m ? 
  i have n't reread m&m , since i do n't like it that much , but i do n't remember anything like thaat . 
  quiet flows the don by mikhail sholokhov is my classic suggestion , and i am not sure about a modern favorite . 
  generation p by viktor pelevin is the best novel about the 1990s , but oprichnik 's day by vladimir sorokin was written as a parody , but now reads like a prophecy ... 
  would you say that sign is ... boring ? 
  in russian it means gigolo , not pimp , but i am not sure about polish . 
  definitely udmurts and other volga finns, 
  so many sofias . 
  any movie or another trend i should be aware of ? 
  after yaroslav the wise we skip almost all the way to alexander nevsky to save time . 
  i do n't think anything else is swept under the rug completely . 
  moldova is more russian than ukraine according to alexa . 
  did you shout '' \u00a1 no pasar\u00e1n ! '' ? 
  because you should have . 
  i was talking about language reform . 
  irish should adopt simplified spelling rules . 
  your ruler could be called tiishekh , for example . 
  colorado plateau : zion np , bryce np , arches np , grand canyon np and too many state parks and national monuments to mention here . 
  i would take three or four weeks off to visit them al. 
  oh , yeah , ukraine will go mental if we get in before them . 
  when are you going to reform the spelling so it finally starts to make sense ? 
  yeah , brain fart , sorry . 
  no , it 's not . 
  if donbass joins russia and galicia joins the uk , then the rest of ukraine will become another afghanistan . 
  and the other half was of the wrong gender ? 
  everyone wants to live in donbass . 
  or wanted to . 
  are you a gypsy ? 
  you ca n't book a seat on a charter flight yourself , at least for the same price . 
  most agencies are shipping 747loads of tourists to turkey , egypt and thailand , so a charter flight is your only hope of getting there . 
  another popular group of package tours are bus tours across european countries . 
  once again , people can not plan an itinerary themselves and need a tour guide since they do n't speak english ( or any other language other than russian ) . 
  also , you ca n't just backpack across europe like every second coupland 's protagonist if you 're russian . 
  you need a visa , and to get one you have to prove you 've got enough money and you know where you 're going . 
  you also have to live close enough to an embassy/consulate , which is a problem for many russians . 
  when you buy a package tour , you get everything automatically . 
  or maybe the owners of travel agencies think that all travel abroad will be restricted soon and prefer to run away with the cash first . 
  parga , a village in epirus across the strait from paxos/antipaxos , has a really long beach with really white and really large-grained sand . 
  the sea there is really cold if you dive down . 
  it 's kinda hard to get there , but you can catch a boat from corfu to get there . 
  paleokastritsa is tremendously beautiful , it is like a jigsaw puzzle of emerald hills and azure coves , the only problem is the lack of pedestrian infrastructure there . 
  greek and italian . 
  do i have to have a gaudy trim around my license plate and a cross/rosary hanging from the rear view mirror ? 
  bmw drivers are 100 % assholes , along with vw hot hatch drivers . 
  in russia you will see an elderly small-time businessman from cis - or transcaucasia who is too rich for a lada , who will drive only german cars , but a newer car is too expensive and too impractical . 
  there used to be a red belt of cprf voters in the chernozem region , but now the whole country votes united russia , because election officials are either ur members or are threatened by ur members . 
  also , because there are no parties worth voting for . 
  yes , and we are giving our brothers a spanking . 
  edit : and poland is our parallel dimension twin that we have spent the last 1000 years competing with . 
  both think the other is the evil one . 
  you mean , all dicks love usa , do n't you ? 
  i guess we will have to use ukrainian soldiers now . 
  shanson is not hilarious , it 's so terrible even hipsters ca n't listen to it . 
  they could nationalise it , seize the assets . 
  not so soon . 
  unconditional capitulation is no longer fashionable . 
  sandwiches with mayo , salads with mayo , roasts glazed with mayo . 
  - chopped dill . 
  sprinkled on your potatoes , salad and roast . 
  - overcooked pasta . 
  if italians cook it al dente , we cook it alla lingua . 
  - well-done steaks .
