  your coworkers are generally t after a few days spent working together , if you 're both under 45 . 
  with older people you generally use v. your boss is v , a younger one can insist on mutual t. shopkeepers must use v , using t is very rude . 
  asymmetric v-t is common for aunts/uncles , school teachers and other grownups when you 're a kid . 
  it 's also common when talking to in-laws . 
  v-t asymmetry in older-younger coworker and boss-underling pairs is common , but can feel a tiny bit disrespectful when you are close in age or rank . 
  are you [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qponpu5.png ) ? 
  yali people from new guinea . 
   especially if you are in construction or military . 
  not really . 
  look at h2ppyme 's link . 
  not just rye , rye malt must be hydrolyzed before making dough . 
  yes , this one . 
  * zavarnoy * rye bread ( made with red rye malt and rye flour that turn sweet when mixed with boiling water and left to stew for a while ) . 
  those crafty estonians must be adding heroin to their zavarnoy bread . 
  at least there 's no english or german or french word for that . 
  i hope . 
  russia does n't , for example . 
  no , [ boiled potatoes ] ( http://irecommend.ru/content/chipsy-kartofelnye-lays-lays-kartoshechka-s-maslom-i-ukropom ) is the weirdest . 
  potato-flavoured potato chips . 
  we have a public health insurance fund that a part of everyone 's salary goes into , plus there are multiple private health insurance companies that large employers buy extra insurance from . 
  public health covers everything except otc medicine , and most medicine you 'll see in your life is otc . 
  plus there are quotas and waiting lists , hospitals and clinics are old and run down . 
  private health insurance does n't cover any serious illnesses that take longer than a year to develop and treat , i would call it wellness insurance . 
  so for your serious stuff you either give a bribe to get into one of the better state-run clinics and skip the waiting list or you go to a private clinic directly . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gkvkqad.png ) what the usa look like to an educated liberal muscovite , from the east to the west : - the green bit - new england ( progressive , oldish towns , king , lovecraft , seafood ) - the blue bit - new york ( and everyone who commutes to it ) - the pink bit - dc ( and everyone who commutes to it ) - the violet bit - appalachia ( hatfields & mccoys , scot-irish immigrants , moonshine , overalls , mines , poverty ) - the orange bit - the rust belt ( ghettoes , empty factories , disgruntled union workers ) - the purple circle - chicago ( and everyone who commutes to it ) - the cyan blob - the south ( cletus , billy bob , lynchings , southern belles ) - the dangly orange bit - florida ( snowbirds , cubans , swamps , wives of russian bureaucrats ) - the pale green bit - new orleans ( the south with french creole flavour ) - the yellow blob - the great plains ( all-american boys and girls , soy to the left , corn to the right ) - the red blob - texas ( hats , guns , drawl , pickups , everything 's big ) - the blue blob - mountain states ( like texas , but with smaller egos and better enunciation ) - the lime green bit - utah ( mormons ) - the purple blob - desert states ( red rocks , indians , snowbirds , latinos ) - the orange bit - california ( yes , i lumped everything together here ) - the teal bit - cascadia ( ecology , weed , social liberalism , tunnelled earlobes ) - the grey bit - hawaii ( japanese , obese natives , volcanoes and surf ), 
   several exercises 5 years ago there were 5 of them , and the exam included 3 of them : - weaving between poles - reversing into a space - 3 point turn - parallel parking - stop & go on an incline, 
  `` courgette caviar '' [ looks like poop ] ( https://www.google.ru/search?q=\u043a\u0430\u0431\u0430\u0447\u043a\u043e\u0432\u0430\u044f+\u0438\u043a\u0440\u0430&amp;tbm=isch ) . 
  ha , that 's \u0445\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0434\u0435\u0446 , nothing scary . 
  dearest creature in creation ? 
  pre-90s standup tradition is still alive and kicking ( feebly ) and is watched by old people and reviled by everyone else , but most of the comedians since the 90s and until today are [ kvn ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kvn ) alumni . 
  the only exceptions i can think of are oleynikov/stoyanov and nagiyev/rost comedy duos . 
  the humor is quite good , but i am not universally fond of the latest crop of comedians . 
  \u0425\u043b\u0435\u0431 , the russian word for bread , is a germanic loanword ( a very old one , of course ) , a cognate of english loaf and german leib . 
  automatic . 
  i had to pass the test on a manual ( the only option ) , but i have n't touched a manual gearbox since . 
  those 100-200k roubles you pay for an automatic gearbox are what , 20-40k per year if you sell your car after 5 years ? 
  that 's 2500 roubles per month , or 100 roubles per working day . 
  i will gladly pay this much for the comfort of driving an automatic . 
  cigarette butts , gum and dog poo are everywhere and most people wo n't consider them litter . 
  various food packaging is the other principal source of litter . 
  all in all , moscow is on par with rome . 
  london is somewhat cleaner . 
  yes , i hate ea and ubi games that default to russian because my windows 's been bought in russia without letting me switch the language first . 
  language-locked games are also the only reason i use key resellers like g2a . 
  is that a boy ? 
  i do n't think the constitution itself is bad , but it 's been ignored so many times lately that its irrelevance must be its most remarkable feature . 
  do you still have a girl on the numbered side ? 
  challah is even richer and is n't kettlebell-shaped . 
  ochakovsky is the biggest brand in russia . 
  nowadays most brands are good , it 's not like it was in the 90s , when they sold brown soda with bread flavorings as kvas . 
  homemade kvas is also good , try some if you can , but do n't drink it and drive . 
  white kvas ( made with no malt ) is the best one for okroshka and is 99 % homemade , make sure to try it as well . 
  in one of the 19th century plays they say \u0440\u0435\u0448\u0451\u0442\u043a\u0430 , meaning bars or a grate or a grid . 
  wikipedia says the word 's been used since at least the early 18th century . 
  they are a german thing . 
  we have kalach , which is a rich white bread , kettlebell-shaped in russia , timoshenko 's head-shaped in ukraine . 
  take them off !, 
  bring indoor shoes if you are dressed up . 
  we peel it from the stem , of course . 
  we do n't have a rigid system . 
  we have the wwii vet generation , born in 15-25 then there are several soviet generations , like the ones active in the 1960s ( born in 25-45 ) , known for their engineering work , outdoor activities and apolitical behavior . 
  the 60-70 generation that had to regear themselves after the 1991 . 
  the quickest are our oligarchs now . 
  we have the 76-82 geneeation , the last ones who grew up as pioneers and whose teenage years are the shitty late 80s early 90s . 
  the 83-89 boomer generation . 
  the 90-98 baby bust generation , good for boomers like me ( secure jobs ) , but bad for the pension fund . 
  and the 99 + generation of eternal putin . 
  swiss federal council . 
  having a single person be a representative of your country is terrible . 
  i think he mostly uses state-owned banks to buy other govs. 
  white on top is not the best option , as it gets lost on paper if you forget to add an outline , but i can live with that . 
  i would replace blue and red with azure and scarlet , like on the 1991 flag . 
  what , has not a single one of them been born in siberia ? 
   people called jos\u00e9 are also called pepe as a nickname . 
  how do you get to pepe from jos\u00e9 ? 
  we have a few mariannas , but most have been named after marianna from * los ricos tambi\u00e9n lloran * . 
  iron and steel are still common , but mainlines are slowly being replaced with polymer pipes and those who can afford it install copper pipes in their homes . 
  the precise figures are a mystery . 
  putin 's income/property declaration is quite modest , but multiple offshore accounts managed by his old friends suggest he 's much richer , receiving kickbacks from state and mafia-owned enterprises . 
  i still do not understand why he needs all this wealth , given that he can not really spend it all now and can not retire either . 
  regular harmless ones in central russia , i am sure we have some dangerous ones in more remote regions . 
   metropolitan france is this the french equivalent of not real macedonia/polish death camps/czechia or estonia in eastern europe/rkka rapes ? 
  what ? 
  it 's your country 's oldest work of literature , too . 
   only to find that the russian government had fled its own capital capital ? 
  moscow was n't the capital then . 
  some screws in pcs do not have a metric thread . 
  all displays are in inches . 
  i buy american cookbooks , and they are all in `` everdy-poise '' , as they call it . 
  one even has a `` metric system is much better , use it '' blurb and goes on using stickfuls of butter , ounces and fahrenheit degrees . 
  [ primary chronicle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primary_chronicle ), 
  traditional peasant houses are different along the north-south axis of european russia . 
  northern houses are tall and compact to conserve warmth , livestock and people live under the same roof , in separate rooms , of course . 
  central russian houses usually have one storey and form an enclosed courtyard with the standalone building for livestock . 
  southern russian houses have a lot in common with traditional ukrainian ones : wattle and daub walls and thatched roof ( the northern ones are log houses ) . 
  all buildings are surrounded with a single fence . 
  southern central and southern houses have a separate summer kitchen . 
  i am talking about premodern architecture , of course . 
  modern-ish southern houses are built out of bricks , cinder blocks or other stone-ish blocks and roofed with wavy fibre cement sheets . 
  central and northern are built of wood and have four-sided ( or gambrel on dachas ) sheet metal roofs .
