  mothers get a year long maternity leave with no salary caps . 
  fathers have to take a paternity leave as well . 
  extra taxes on dink families . 
  if your name is rotenberg it 's not a waste of money at all . 
  if you start in riga , it will take you 14 hours to get to riga . 
  and kiev was the capital of united rus principalities , we should take it back , should n't we ? 
  eu money at first , of course . 
  independence and immediate nato membership . 
  they were ordering food online . 
  ten years ago plattenbauten began right behind augustus ' golden horse 's arse . 
  have they been replaced ? 
  crimea should be cheap this year , bring cash , though . 
  if you want something that you ca n't find in the rest of europe , try kazan or galich . 
  it * is * full of gdr buildings . 
  the comments under the article are disheartening . 
  `` i do n't want them to teach sex in kindergarten ! '', 
  and they wo n't , read the bloody article . 
  why do we want to follow the american approach here in russia ? 
  99 % of people have sex , your parents had sex by definition ( exotic fertilization cases aside ) , good sex is good , bad sex is fucking dangerous to your physical and mental health , claiming that all sex before marriage is bad , all sex after marriage is good is shortsighted and even * more * damaging . 
  nah , the czechs have n't arrived yet to protest this definition . 
  shop managers had no incentive to sell the goods at official prices , they could beat all possible bonuses by selling stuff outta back door for much higher prices to those lucky enough to have a connection . 
  by selling the goods to policemen and doctors and other important people at original prices out of the same back door they had no problem obtaining all the necessary services . 
  yes , norway and dprk are just one country apart . 
  i think they might be vampires or something , because they are n't visible on webcams . 
  poor ukrainians , even mods are trolling them . 
  prawo jazdy would 've fared better . 
  ah , thank you . 
  kartoffel free , as we call them . 
  why not ~ ~ zoidberg ~ ~ crimea ? 
  or perhaps greece will become cheap again . 
  what 's with bialostok ( is it bialostok ? ), 
  voting for komorowski ? 
  http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=515152 architecture and music are on the first page . 
  both continents were heavily influenced by europe . 
  yes , south america had more immigrants from europe than africa , but are we measuring genetic proximity or cultural proximity ? 
  that 's because it 's a silly criterion . 
  they are , but many african countries are heavily european influenced as well . 
  found the argentinian . 
  people in uzhgorod must have really shitty water mains . 
  tell me who vladimir volynsky was named after . 
  or lvov . 
  sounds familiar . 
  we 'll have to ask sweden for help . 
  will you go through belarus or ukraine ? 
  or will you try to take only kaliningrad ? 
  those meddling brits ... we could 've gotten the straits back then , but no , they had to send their soldiers to die for turkey . 
  ~ ~ moscow ~ ~ yalta , just to mess with everyone . 
  had we won , we would 've hosted eurovision 2016 in yalta . 
  no , members of the local election commission count them and sign the final result . 
  then the head of the commission takes them to the next level , where local results are summed , and so on until the counting is done . 
  there 's shit happening at every single fucking level of that pyramid . 
  voting is not the important part , though . 
  counting the votes and actually getting to be on the ballot are . 
  resistance is futile . 
  there 's no eu on the map . 
  they will have to join what * is * on the map . 
  i hope the only way you see them in berlin is on a spit roasting over a fire . 
  yes . 
  my country has a lot of ways to fuck my life up . 
  serbia has a coast again . 
  russia gets warmer . 
  i also promise you that in several years serbia and russia would be the only slavic countries on the map . 
  absolutely useless . 
  a referendum that demands extermination of homosexuals to avoid polluting the gene pool is more likely to pass , even though that makes no sense if you think of it . 
  what ? 
  it 's not , it 's called olivier . 
  i ca n't think of any salad that is called spanish in russia . 
  pain perdu/arme ritter is older than france . 
  a sandwich with meat , meat , meat and meat ? 
  just a tasty and artery-clogging reminder that portugal is not a mediterranean country . 
  olivier was an expat chef working in a moscow restaurant . 
  that 's ... very accurate . 
  imagine the shitstorm that will happen . 
  `` murderous ukrainian buk strikes again '' , etc. 
  actually , i think the shitstorm will be the least of ukraine 's troubles , then . 
  because it 's not shark . 
  i think they are named after sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord , which is a swedish tradition . 
  i would enter your airspace from the sea and fly over belgorod-dnestrovsky . 
  yes , i know all of that , but they should 've called romanians that , like the greeks and the hungarians . 
  you also call italians w\u0142osi , which i find amusingly inaccurate . 
  will they shoot down transport planes bound to tiraspol ? 
  in russian we have : * prague cake , a socialist clone of the sacher cake . 
  * berlin cookies , soft palmiers with lemon/apple/apricot jam and sugar glazing . 
  * french-style meat , slices of meat roasted with cheese and mayo until indistinguishable from bootsoles . 
  * greekstuff , buckwheat . 
  what about caspian sea raids ? 
  also stealth bombers . 
  amazingly , the head of our upper chamber condemned the bill , calling it an extremist proposal . 
  stupid , stupid , stupid move . 
  what russia needs is more unwanted children and criminal abortions , yeah , right . 
  the problem with arab states and azerbaijan is that they have more money than taste . 
  it 's easy to hire an architect whose qualifications are `` i know 3ds max '' and who will design an ugly building with all the style boxes technically ticked . 
  i think the flag of japan with inverted colors ( blue on black , not white on red ) would be the best flag of earth . 
  in progress , de jure claims are a pain to press . 
  we 've already received a penalty for not waiting 10 years or for a new ruler after taking crimea . 
  lesser russia is going through a rough stretch at the moment . 
  but if you want me to be serious , most touristy places in russia are fine . 
  avoid black sea resorts , though , they are not worth the money . 
  as long as you 're not brandishing a trident or a blue-and-yellow anything . 
  uncle joe .
