  no , our tanks are obviously nanotanks , they are fighting your very own estonian cells . 
  you will simply wake up one day and decide you need a tracksuit . 
  too late , we 're already in ~ ~ tartu ~ ~ \u042e\u0440\u044c\u0435\u0432 . 
  1030 best year of my life . 
   we can live either on our own or under foreign rule . 
  brb , warming up the engines . 
  i did n't expect a comment from you to make that much sense . 
  it 's good when you have a toddler that knows how to open windows . 
  ha , we had to * start * with metal front doors here . 
  mit and harvard are not technically in boston . 
  and guess who won the latest international programming competition ? 
  oh , and we had aluminium alloy frames in one of the offices i worked in . 
  those were even better than wooden ones . 
  no flex , 100 % precision . 
  i did n't say they were shitty , but that even shitty ones had double hinges . 
  nah , not houston . 
  there 's no oil in moscow and it 's not built on a grid . 
  what 's st. petersburg , boston ? 
  northern city by the sea , historical buildings , revolutionary past , high-speed connection to the never-sleeping megapolis dows south . 
  but what 's moscow ? 
  what ? 
  every shitty * steklopaket * comes with this double-opening mechanism nowadays , plus ventilation mode when you twist the handle 45 degrees . 
  do you have poacher skins hanging on the walls ? 
  are you a chinese mom ? 
  op , can we get this as an album ? 
  the gif is too fast . 
  castles , manors , stone town centres do not look russian at all . 
  yep , heirloom siberian palm oil . 
  belarus , central/eastern ukraine ( despite mutual efforts ) , urban kazakhstan ( they do n't even speak kazakh ) . 
  western ukraine has too much rzeczpospolita/kuk influence , rural kazakhs have much in common with the welsh and the kiwis . 
  yeah , the definition of europe the author used must 've been very peculiar . 
  if he was allowed to work alone , he probably was . 
  they need foreign currency too , you know . 
  i read about nkoreans working in russia recently . 
  they are all middle-class college-educated guys who have spent a lot of money to get a job abroad . 
  the government takes a huge cut of their wages , but they still earn enough to recoup their initial investments and be able to rent a market stall for life . 
  they are better construction workers than casians , but more expensive as well . 
  disciplined , not prone to heavy drinking , but lacking professionalism ( they are not builders by trade ) . 
  perhaps he was . 
  but we 're talking about soviets vs. nazis . 
  there 's a multitude of other options between 0 and 100 percent . 
  we import meat , dairy and vegetables , but we are a grain exporter . 
  it 's cute how they ignore wwii when talking about hitler 's death toll . 
  * eye twitch *, 
  this one is fine . 
  invading poland is always good . 
  ah , the man unlucky enough to suffer from * both * premature ejaculation * and * erectile dysfunction . 
  among other malaises . 
   ethnic lithuanian lands and lapland were last regions in europe to convert to christianity what about mari ? 
  we waged war on them in the late 1500 's to convert them . 
  my grandfathers lived under socialism in the ussr and were told that their children would be lucky enough to live under communism . 
  should we really reenact the four yorkshiremen sketch ? 
  `` russians oppressed us for 50 years '' damn , six words , let 's try again ... `` soviets were worse than nazis '' `` russians are fenno-turkic mongrels '' `` russians raped every single german '' edit : oh , oh , i know one that can make several countries salty at once !, 
  `` we ** liberated ** you , ungrateful shits ! '', 
  interesting to see that the assholes from the brotherhood of nod or whatever their name is have managed to influence the stance of cprf . 
  but / u/z651 's version is much more likely to be true . 
  / u/occupyreurope is working tirelessly , i see . 
  i 've heard you started planting willows again . 
  harvester badminton ? 
  nah , we all know he likes boys . 
  because he 's so in the closet he must be in narnia . 
  i 'm still waiting for him to admit he 's gay . 
  no , ours !, 
   stalingrad itself is very safe i doubt the germans would 've agreed with you . 
  nice , it even has a russian version . 
  for the benefit of the readers : https://youtube.com/user/criminaltv21, 
  nah , we 'll just send some trolling song to the contest . 
  something about pan-slavism , perhaps ? 
  was n't dana international from israel as well ? 
  they are there for rye bread , smetana , kefir , russian sweets , buckwheat and the rest of the stuff you ca n't easily get in w.europe . 
  except you let them come back , and we do n't . 
  what if it 's a russian speaker that starts with a russian greeting ? 
  what else in the us is worth visiting outside of the national/state parks like the grand canyon and nyc and dc museums ? 
  could she really do an iron cross on her gymnastic rings ? 
  no , something is rotten in the state of denmark . 
  it ca n't understand that i * own * a flat here , but would have to rent if i move . 
  because of the recession low-end jobs are becoming scarcer and cheaper , with supply of labour outstripping demand . 
  the gov are preemptively and indiscriminately deporting as many immigrant workers as they can to reduce labour supply and prevent jobless immigrants from turning into criminals or radicals . 
   bom\u017epakis does this mean instant ramen in lithuanian ? 
  who votes for us in lithuania ? 
  what 's their polish minority doing during evsc ? 
   hello , hello !, 
  what ho , what ho !, 
  russian salad and vodka . 
  the latter would be expected , the former is cheap to make , can be served in portions of any size and is well-known abroad . 
  modern tg think it 's absolutely not necessary and call those tg who do ` truscum ' . 
  why would cross-dressing be required ? 
  what if they like to wear jeans , sneakers and a t-shirt ? 
  slow cookers are multi cookers with only \u0442\u043e\u043c\u043b\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 available . 
  do you have a warm checkered blanket ? 
  they do , but they do n't come with estonian recipes . 
  this particular one i want to make is rather interesting , it contains additional gluten to improve co2 retention during leavening and is therefore much fluffier than a regular rye loaf . 
  watch * long way round * . 
  my wife has bought a bread maker , and now i have to find a good rye bread recipe . 
  any estonians here who have managed to replicate eesti pagar 's * must vormileib * ? 
  nice , i always wanted to visit darwin , and it 's so close now . 
  the better your 4x4 , the longer the hike for a tractor . 
  why is the \u0431 russian and not the serbian thelta-looking one ? 
  aslan is actually a turk . 
   the current scale of the 9th of may celebration started only after certain somebody came to power in russia and since then we have had these huge mass gatherings you mean brezhnev , do n't you ?
