  oh , that 's a tough question . 
  i guess the answer is catherine ii the great , followed by alexey the quietest . 
  among the rurikid princes of post-mongol rus my favourite one is probably ... er ... um ... * yaroslav ( not that one ) ? 
  * yury ? 
  * ivan the moneybag ? 
  * simeon the proud ? 
  * ivan ii the handsome ? 
  * dmitry donskoy ? 
  * vasiliy ii the blind ? 
  * ivan iii the great ? 
  * ivan iv the terrifying ? 
  * feodor ? 
  catherine was our lucky draw , an ambitious and competent ruler . 
  alexey dealt the first heavy blow to poland less than 100 years after it nearly vanquished russia . 
  okay , let 's go with daniil , since he was the one who started the moscow branch and began expanding the state . 
  if they 'd stayed out of it , warsaw pact would 've endured much longer . 
  imagine red eurasia , red from bretagne to vietnam , with lonely uk as the biggest american aircraft carrier . 
  and napoleon was corsican , but both were born in russia/france . 
  yes , except killing is never good . 
  it is , actually . 
  the rumoured spine sarcoma ? 
  i 've been reading lots of books on medieval rus recently and i ca n't call the rule of kiev significantly less authoritarian than the rule of moscow ( i 'm not taking about modern russia here , but about the grand duchy of moscow ) . 
  outside novgorod veche was n't a big thing , its influence on the knyaz was comparable to the influence of football fans ' manezhnaya square assembly on the mayor of moscow : sporadic and ultimately ineffectual . 
  i 'm not sure why you say kievan rus was liberal/democratic . 
  buy a jar of salzgurken and some hard liquor and see for yourself . 
  just make sure it does n't contain vinegar or lye , only delicious electrolytes . 
  well , that 's how languages work . 
  sinister backroom deals offend left-handed people and lowly character offends dwarfs . 
  pickle juice from the same jar i ate the pickles from . 
  before the mongols it was n't russian either . 
  cumanians lived there . 
  medal of resolve , `` manliness '' is synonynous with `` courage '' or `` resolve '' in russian . 
  we 've got enough ridiculous things happening in russia , no need to invent extra ones . 
  i get a four-week vacation plus one week extra of paid days off plus 2 weeks of fully paid sick leave . 
  where the hell are the milanese telling us about the delicious panzerotti you can have in that place behind the duomo ? 
  edit : [ found it ] ( / www.luini.it ), 
  nah , the slang root * drist * means diarrhea . 
  yes , but i have n't seen someone eat pelmeni on the go . 
  they 'd better not try expanding into russia with that name . 
  yeah , they 're only in moscow + oblast & st. pete, 
  it 's quite easy to catch a stomach bug if you eat street food in russia . 
  if it 's a stick of shashlik that you 've seen raw and it 's well-cooked throughout , you 'll be fine . 
  if it 's a shawarma roll with raw veggies and warm mayo and you do n't know how long the meat has been sitting on a skewer , better be ready to shit your innards out . 
  the reason for that is corruption , of course . 
  our sanitary requirements are really tough , probably too tough , so the only way to pass them is a bribe . 
  and if you 've bribed the inspector already , why follow the requirements at all ? 
  street food in moscow is generally unsafe to eat and will strike you down with stalin 's two-step . 
  however , i quite like a fast food franchise called * teremok * . 
  they sell huge pancakes with various fillings , kvas and mors . 
  i 'm still looking for the best cheburek place . 
  there are also rumours of * magnolia * , a cheap-looking cafe that has the best georgian food outside georgia , but i 've never been there . 
  does this mean they are not allowed to offer any treatment at all ? 
  like us republicans ? 
  here it means a villain in general . 
  galician russophiles existed before the october revolution . 
  i would n't call this concept a soviet invention . 
  also , many opolye settlers came from what is now ukraine , so it 's not a complete fiction . 
  i was talking about american academia , we russians know what languages are slavic . 
  they both are often lumped together with slavic languages at university faculties . 
  there 's also [ slovio ] ( http://www.slovio.com ) , but i feel like i can read med\u017euslovjanski easier . 
  btw , is russian the only language that says me\u017edu instead of med\u017eu ? 
  i know ukrainian simply says \u017e , since yanuk 's former residence is called me\u017eihirje . 
  should 've put romania and hungary in the picture and watched the butthurts roll in . 
  upd : oh , crap , i did n't notice it 's / r/europe , not the usual subreddit for countryballs . 
  in russia the limit is actually 110 on the highways , all three of them , 90 on all other non-urban roads . 
  but unless you 're driving 20 over , you can not get fined . 
  they 're even more tolerant of authority abuse than russians . 
  it 's the biggest country the greek army can defeat right now . 
  i 'll try and write a follow-up post tomorrow . 
  disarming and reparations ? 
  now that kinda reminds me of weimar germany . 
  we all know how that worked out . 
  i 've taken them from wikipedia , which ones do you want me to check ? 
  i still use winamp 2 . x and i love it !, 
  oh , come on , did you expect verka to badmouth a drag queen ? 
  he 's an attention sink for nationalists . 
  on one hand , people look at him and think nationalists are crazy , on the other , if someone wants to support nationalists they can vote for his party , which is amusingly called liberal democratic party of russia . 
  he 's a true hipster , namesquatting before it was a thing . 
  because some of them are ukrainians . 
  and your successor will invade kiev and subjugate local slavic population . 
  for the same reason hungarians claimed to be huns . 
  i 'm going to vote for ukraine ; i do n't even know who represents them , but it 's an obvious choice . 
  yeah , sorry , i 've been skiming through the comments and thought you were defending the idea that gamblers should not be blamed for their compulsive gambling . 
  that 's the answer the wives gave . 
  what about people who are genetically predisposed towards having sex with children ? 
  that 's generally not the case in russia . 
  this might be true in some villages , but our population boom happened in the 20th century when ussr encouraged geographical mobility , so town denizens generally come from all over the country , not from the local villages . 
  in addition , everyone was encouraged to learn and speak standard russian , like in france . 
  what about micheal ( sic ) ? 
  he 's as good as dead . 
  full recovery is out of the question , said the doctor . 
  well , the real bastard surnames in russia were commonly shortened original surnames or anagrams , so a son of putin would be called utin or tupin . 
  asoiaf-style name would be hard to come up with , since russia is so big . 
  i could try and come up with a name for each of the original principalities , but i 'll just say vodkin . 
  well , this means they did n't renounce their claims . 
  you mean `` now no crimea '' , do n't you ? 
  does austria have pt boats ? 
  i think it 's a stupid and childish debate . 
  macedonia should get to call itself macedonia while publicly renouncing all territorial claims . 
  boom , problem solved .
