  now i understand what gypsies must feel . 
  :( why does no one like us ? 
  that would be gay , he only watches all the females touching . 
  it 's tough being a divorcee ... 
  there was a gluten-free desserts thread a few weeks ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1uvgng/best_desserts_from_your_home_country/, 
  give them to ukraine . 
  actually , it 's 1501-1600 . 
  you probably are sighing impatiently and checking reddit on your phone while waiting for your wife to finish shopping . 
  really ? 
  southern ukraine was conquered by the same russian empress that partitioned poland , so that was a tatar-polish border at best . 
  and the center ? 
  i think the only viable solution is confederalization plus a temporary moratorium on further cooperation with eu or russia until the situation sorts itself out . 
  crimea and transcarpathia , maybe even bukovina and odessa are given special autonomy status for being less ukrainian than the rest . 
  western ukraine ( up to rivne and khmelnytsky ) , central ( up to sumy , poltava , kirovohrad ) and eastern ( the rest ) are turned into federal states . 
  both autonomies and the states get to elect their own parliaments and governors , choose their official languages , have their own budgets . 
  ukrainian remains the federal language . 
  the federal parliament elects the pm who is the head of state , the president is a figurehead like in germany or israel . 
  any long-term international agreements must be ratified by all the states and autonomies . 
  but i 'm afraid that politicians on both sides do not want this outcome . 
  both yatseniuk and yanukovych want the whole country for themselves , and this will not solve anything . 
  who are we , then , chinese ? 
  there are 2.5 civilizations in eurasia : the west , which is europe and middle east , the east , which is the sinosphere , and the south , which is india and other desi . 
  you ca n't seriously claim russia is its own center of civilization . 
  we 're a special offshoot of the west , at most . 
  yatseniuk has been offered the prime ministerial position by yanukovich . 
  klichko would become a vp . 
  more news from their negotiations to follow . 
  it 's still unsettled . 
  the homeland is either on the banks of vistula , the swamps of pripyat or the steppes of dnieper . 
  or elsewhere . 
  you could probably fit four generations of russians in there !, 
  i know people who tried to sire five children to get a four-room apartment from the state . 
  they got to their fourth kid in 1991 when it suddenly became a terrible idea . 
  a joke ridiculing ukrainian historians that try to prove ukraine is the homeland of all slavs and that proto-ukrainians already lived there 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 thousand years ago , fighting scythians , goths , huns , magyars etc. 
  for example , in a russian-ukrainian pissing match a ukrainian would call his opponent `` not even a slav , a finno-turkic mongrel '' and would be called `` a proud descendant of the brave protoukrs '' in return . 
  you can dry them indoors . 
  install some clotheslines over your bath . 
  or buy a folding drying table and put it in your room when needed . 
  jackals ?!, 
  where did they come from ? 
  i am not sure i have a favourite dessert , i have a nondiscriminating sweet tooth , but if you want something wheat-free , i can recommend [ kisel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kissel ) , a sweet and sour fruit drink thickened with starch . 
  it is also easy to make in large quantities . 
  i was also surprised to find myself enjoying anthill cakes , which are mounds of minced , baked and broken down into pieces dough held together with [ dulce de leche ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dulce_de_leche ) , which is supposed to taste like poverty or nostalgia for soviet food deficit . 
  i really loved topfenauflauf when i was in austria . 
  do n't be so sad , basque is n't even on the map . 
  i 've just been on wikipedia and i would n't believe how popular it is outside russia . 
  it 's eaten from spain to pakistan . 
  that 's a little bit terrifying . 
  no coated herring ? 
  or kholodets ? 
  okay , arrange the following 4 options in the order of your marital preference : * stupid virgin * stupid non-virgin * non-stupid virgin * non-stupid non-virgin, 
  okay , would you rather marry a stupid virgin or a non-stupid non-virgin ? 
  ethnic russians . 
  harder to profile them . 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  that 's why you should write use  or 8 ) or stop masturbating while talking to people on the internet . ) ) ), 
  why do you say this calendar is unprofessional ? 
  decision makers inside their consumers . 
  this calendar is sent to companies that buy or might buy cft software . 
  just like whatever stereotype you had in mind in your original comment . 
  you 're thinking of france . 
  cft releases one every year . 
  this one is pretty tasteful compared to one of the previous ones ( do n't remember the year ) . 
  the idea is that they send you something interesting and pleasing to look at , you would n't want to hang a calendar with another company 's history in your office , would you ? 
  and calendars with puppies and sunsets are a dime a dozen . 
  they 're not in the business of promoting gender equality , they 're in the business of selling software . 
  if the decision makers are predominantly heterosexual males , it makes sense not to include naked old men in the calendar . 
  well , they were n't russian , but we do learn that sviatoslav has broken their strength . 
  in russia history textbooks are centered around muscovy . 
  of course ancient history is about kiev and then vladimir , and after the mongol invasion there are brief descriptions of galicia and novgorod , but the latter is mentioned more only because alexander nevsky ruled there . 
  i imagine similar italian textbooks would be cenetered around ancient rome and savoy . 
  partitions of poland , wwi ; habsburgs in biology when learning about genes . 
  not much , to be honest . 
  here in russia it is played completely straight , you watch the news cover ded moroz 's press conference in veliky ustyug with a completely straight face . 
  the kids are told by their parents that ded moroz is real , until they grow out of it . 
  i remember debating his existence with my classmates in primary school . 
  i do n't think russia was the only country that oppressed ukraine in a union . 
  have you ever tried joining ronania ? 
  i think that 's your only neighbor you 've never conflicted with . 
  i thought you were dead . 
  or just call it romaion/rum to spite italy . 
  [ oh , the frost ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrxask23onm ) , this version is performed by tuvan throat singers . 
  [ black raven ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0wiflohu14 ) is the perfect song for the time when you 're drunk and melancholic . 
  i miss svalja milk . 
  israel has no ( european ) friends . 
  yes , it 's in asia , but beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  ukraine and belarus . 
  we might not always get along , but we still have too much in common , no matter what the nationalists say . 
  if only we could all get rid of our governments ... 
  ~ ~ why not slovenia ? 
  so much potential confusion resolved in one move . ~ ~ disregard that , i misread your flair/comment . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:hensbroek.svg ) chick in hot pants is my most favourite coat of arms . 
  i tend to disagree with you . 
  someone from nomenclatura was basically limited to the same things anyone sneaky/lucky enough could get in their lifetime : 1 . a flat ( khruschevka vs stalinka ) 2 . a car ( a lada vs a volga with a chauffeur ) 3 . a dacha ( 600 m ^ 2 and a rickety house vs 5000 m ^ 2 and a proper one ) of course , you also got access to delicatessen and , if you were in the diplo corps , real foreign goods , but no one ( except the top of the top , like galina brezhneva 's circle ) could run around swiss skiing resorts spraying naked fashion models with dom perignon . 
  nowadays the opportunities are much better , of course , especially if you are from a big city , but a lot of soviet-era social lifts are gone . 
  you can no longer go to a military academy , become an officer , get a decent service flat , serve around the ussr ( or maybe even in gdr !, 
  ) , retire early with a good pension and a free flat , for example . 
  or you can be a tadjik engineer whose only marketable skill now is bricklaying . 
  of course many people are better off now than they could 've ever been in the ussr ( including myself ) , but i doubt that my grandparents or my wife 's grandparents would have led a better life now had they been born today in the same villages or towns as 80 years ago . 
  or you can also convert to christianity and claim you 're a croat/serb .
