  ** viktor pelevin - generation p ** . 
  the craziness of our recent past made even crazier . 
  a blueprint for our nearest future . 
  that was sarcasm . 
  no evil agenda , just mismanagement . 
  yes , exactly . 
  2 mil out of 140 is very bad , but lower than 2.6 % quoted elsewhere in this thread . 
  and for some reason they have an approximately twice higher infection rate than russian russians . 
  ah , so they are not allowed not just to vote , but to buy condoms either ? 
   cis scum fixed that for you . 
  5 years ago . 
  not rebuilt , it 's more of a full scale mockup , since it 's made of reinforced concrete and is built in the different part of the park . 
  yep , we only have zhirinovsky and son , gudkov and son , gaidar and daughter , ca n't think of any other examples . 
  we 've lost vocative a long time ago and all six ( plus locative and partitive , which are n't official cases ) are in use everywhere . 
  some dialects use - ov as the only ending for plural genitive , regardless of the gender or other declension rules . 
   extra case as if standard finnish did n't have too many of them ... 
  i should go visit it , it 's close-ish to my office . 
  there 's a joke that he 's to blame for the broad gauge . 
  when given a specification that included a proposal to broaden the gauge , he wrote a resolution '' \u043d\u0430\u0445\u0443\u0439 \u0448\u0438\u0440\u0435 '' , which meant `` why the fuck should it be broader '' , but was interpreted as `` it should be broader by a dick 's length '' . 
  where 's the track to nizhny novgorod gone ? 
  i did n't know it was possible to be confronted by a man who 's turned away from you . 
  hey , what 's wrong with `` azot '' . 
  i still ca n't get over vodik , kisik and uglik . 
  you should 've given more elements cute localized names . 
  that must be what kazakhs feel with ru/by/ua / kz packaging . 
  you have the cutest names for chemical elements in the world . 
  who would call nitrogen `` little strangler '' ? 
  radfems are n't sjw ; for example , they are transhostile . 
  if you value your life , mr. baskerville , stay away from the moors !, 
  should we annex that little bit to simplify thevsituation ? 
  should we annex that little bit to simplify thevsituation ? 
  ah , the slavic influence is strong . 
  120 days of sodom ahead ? 
  oh , so it * is * a bunch of nutjobs , then . 
  you all know putin , who is the president . 
  medvedev is the pm and is widely considered a non-entity . 
  no one wants to be eastern europe . 
  if ukrainian 's written out or the subject is modern , it 's quite intelligible . 
  southern russian , which is a quarter way to ukrainian and marks you as a bumpkin . 
  as a big fan of art deco , i will die before i recognise any art deco in stalin 's skyscrapers . 
  yes . 
  should 've smuggled albert speer into the us to ensure your buildings have requisite * ruinenwert * . 
  nah , caramba has banned even a couple of original mods , it 's like people 's front of judaea . 
  well , if i were to move to the us and have another child , he or she would be an american , not russian . 
  it 's hard to stay russian without your language , your culture , you land under your feet , without russians around you . 
  it 's possible , but all examples i know are religious communities who limit their interaction with their host country . 
  orange sodium , and i think white streetlights are ugly . 
  i would n't mind orange leds , though . 
  polar ukraine ? 
  you want to destroy their agriculture ? 
  where 's russia ? 
  i would n't be able to add anything about roma in russia that 's different from the rest of europe , so i 'd rather ask you some questions instead . 
  why do you consider yourself roma , what makes you one other than your mother being one ? 
  why did n't you adopt your father 's self-identification ? 
  how did your mother get to the states ? 
  what was her life back in greece like ? 
  churchkhelishvili ? 
  i do n't have my dataset with me , i think it 's among the top 30 . 
  are n't they more norse than christian ? 
  looks like male names are more conservative than female . 
  that 's how our common ancestors mangled unfamiliar greek names . 
  they did n't like `` eo '' one bit , cf. 
  dovydas , petrauskas and jankauskas look obvious to me , but what do other names/surnames mean ? 
  iirc , estonians use geographical features as surnames as well , except they do n't bother with a suffix . 
  `` ov '' means '' 's '' . 
  back when they were patronymics and not surnames they looked like '' \u0418\u0432\u0430\u043d \u041f\u0435\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0432 \u0441\u044b\u043d '' , where \u0441\u044b\u043d means son . 
  are there satsividze and lobiadze ? 
  what does the name qetevan mean ? 
  and the surnames ? 
  well , all names started out as not christian ( other than puritan names like prudence ) , but people named dmitry are all named after some * st. * demetrios . 
  unmarked military vehicles ? 
  uniformed men with no insignia ? 
  unavoidable annexation ? 
  what do the surnames mean ? 
  newman , freeman , ?? 
  ? , black ? 
  nice , but that 's just one name per country . 
  well , alexander the great had a great army to achieve this . 
  bordering russia ? 
  we have n't annexed ukraine yet . 
  we had alaska and other american colonies , but sold them after the crimean war . 
  we also had special status for our far eastern territories for some time in the 20th century , developed by dalstroy using prisoner labour . 
  now we are left with two exclaves which are constituent subjects , but are unreachable by land : kaliningrad and crimea + sevastopol . 
  fat people need some love too . 
  `` well rounded '' might be another step on the euphemism treadmill for `` plus sized '' , judging by their photographs . 
  the kdr one is great , i cringed just from reading about it . 
  quite common in russia . 
  a bucket of clearance or compression , a couple of diesel sparkplugs among auto mechanics . 
  electrodes for concrete welding among welders . 
  sharpening the anchor or repainting the metacenter or righting the bollard in the navy . 
  clitoral oil everywhere where a woman is in charge of the warehouse . 
  checking the wheel pressure among railroad workers . 
  a colleague of mine eats pasta with bread . 
  strange but reassuring hearing that from an estonian . 
  mr. pu : `` we might grant you a loan , but : you have to default on all other loans with no promises to repay them so they do n't drag your budget down , you have to fuck with the eu and ez as long as it 's possible , we get your pipelines and grid . 
  oh , and a naval base would be nice . '', 
  russia : i am kinda ambivalent . 
  i think long guns that must be cycled manually should not require a hunting license ( but still require strongboxes , medical evaluations etc ) , but handguns should be made much harder to get , at least the `` weapon award from the ministry of the interior '' loophole should be closed with no grandfathering and non-lethal pdws like rubber bullet handguns or tear gas handguns should be taken off the market . 
  are multi-barreled firearms considered single-shot ? 
  or ez can agree to devalue the euro to save greece .
