  can a drunk person give informed consent to sex ? 
  what happens if two girls get drunk and have enthusiastic sex ? 
  which one is prosecuted for rape ? 
  what if one identifies as a lesbian and the other does n't ? 
  at least it 's given a sliver of a chance to avenge its brothers or go down fighting . 
  captive bolt gun does n't give you even that chance . 
  are you against boxing and eating meat as well ? 
  yes . 
  what do you call veneer in polish , szpon ? 
  mature cheddar , mature gouda , appenzeller , gouda , grana padano , rushing belgium and the netherlands as germany in 1936 . 
  a mile is about * phi * kilometres . 
  if you know fibonacci numbers , you can convert between them pretty easily . 
  why would you purge your own party , removing advisors , commanders and lowering org ? 
  because there are other nfs locked behind this focus . 
  well , hearts of iron iv ( a ww2 game ) feature the purges by stalin , but no mass extermination by hitler , so it 's not just the swastika that is avoided . 
  you never know who finds you on the internet . 
  no , we have a name , a patronymic and a family name . 
  and ekaterina ivanova . 
  because belarus is the real lithuania and lithuanians are baltic impostors . 
  [ i have no idea what i have just watched ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjqk_c27sey ), 
  well , we almost had a transit nato base in ulyanovsk , so i do n't see what the big deal is . 
  slavic brotherhood !, 
  as is tradition with false dmitriys . 
  a colleague of mine had to deal with a german contractor while barely speaking any english , leading to lots of frustration . 
  to defuse the situation he invited him for a beer and came back next day practically bursting with everything he 's talked about with the german guy the previous night . 
  he could be an agent of foreign subversive forces . 
  and sheep , the fluffy white walkers !, 
   there were turks there ( partly greek converts to islam though ) is n't that true for most turks ? 
   she is a truly evil woman but has the advantage of being the only candidate that is actually sane . 
  is she more albright or clinton ? 
  in many italian restaurants you do n't give your money to the waiter , you have to go to the teller and identify your table/order , which is hard when you do n't speak italian beyond `` cazzo '' and `` porca madonna '' . 
  dagestani is not an ethnicity either . 
  was he avar , lezgin , dargin , lak , kumyk , tabasaran , nogai , russian or something else ? 
  because you ca n't split the frontline in two , plus the germans wanted to encircle and cut off leningrad to be able to pivot around moscow . 
  we kinda do . 
  the front line between leningrad and tver remained mostly static between 41 and 43 , so the soil there is full of bones and materiel . 
  more skeletons are found each year by search crews . 
  the land is not that inhospitable as the red zone , though . 
  it 's mostly forests and swamps , anyway . 
  oh , i 've always thought the name meant `` of the trinity '' . 
  um , we do . 
  it 's a bit of a mutant , though . 
  we had fapsi for a while , but it was reincorporated into fsb . 
  i think jersey is closer to france than other channel islands , is n't it ? 
  germany should choose plan z instead of the submarine focus this time . 
  deutschuss ? 
  is kerrygold the one that is made from sourcream , not cream ? 
  what , no tomato sauce ? 
  they 'll catapult them to jersey . 
  yeah , you can choose your friends . 
  did n't american revolutionaires attack a uk military fort ? 
  as the saying goes , an idiot in charge is not the worst thing , an idiot in charge with an agenda is much worse . 
  you could hold a referendum and join russia . 
  depends on the venue . 
  do you book theatre seats ? 
  booking cinema seats works exactly the same . 
  there 's muslim and there 's muslim . 
  if being muslim means you have a muslim name and celebrate muslim holidays , you 're welcome aboard . 
  if being muslim means you insist your disgust-based morality system is better and want to impose it on everyone within your reach , you 're definitely not welcome . 
  just like pis and united russia should not be welcome either . 
  he 's not a historian . 
  he 's an ex-intelligence officer writing popular books . 
  they 've already paid for their seats in the play-off games . 
  because it was full of law-abiding germans ? 
  yeah , that 's the same copypasta . 
   rightful russian clay every time i see someone use this word unironically i wonder if this will remain the greatest cultural achievement of republika srpska . 
  yes , the germans have been taught that for 75 years . 
  i expected the photo to be of naked girls jumping over a bonfire . 
  no , esto-sadok and other estonian villages were settled back in imperial times , after the exile of circassians . 
  had they treated republicans like boers , they would 've solved the problem of ira long ago . 
  we 'll just have a ruexit and join the commonwealth then . 
  you 're preaching to the choir here . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  have you read my whole post ? 
  the penultimate paragraph is about recognition of soviet crimes . 
  ~ ~ russia ~ ~ the soviet union . 
  we are also eastern europeans who got fucked over by the third reich and the ussr . 
  however , unlike the baltics , we have no narrative that lets us disassociate ourselves from the soviet atrocities . 
  for them both invaders could 've been martians or moon people , 100 % external threats that were 100 % bad , and those balts who allied themselves with them were either traitorous criminals or those who had no choice otherwise . 
  we can not claim the same , since st. pete was the cradle of the revolution and russia was one of the founding states of the union . 
  ukraine can not really claim the same either , so i have great respect towards the ukrainian redditor ( ca n't remember the handle ) who has said that before me . 
  we can not say that every single person that joined the nkvd or wrote an anonymous crime report or rode a tank into prague or budapest was a space alien or an irredeemable criminal . 
  we can not say that all of them were unwilling victims of the circumstances . 
  some were true believers , some found believing easier than disbelieving , some were afraid , some were just following orders , some just wanted to keep their head down and get on with their lives . 
  there were simply too many people to paint them all with a single brush , the brush used on germany was a once in a lifetime project . 
  what we * can * do , at the very least , as the country that is the sole legal successor of the su , is to recognize the crimes committed by the state against its own people , people of occupied states and puppet states . 
  ( and maybe envy a bit those who can so glibly and decisively put their past behind themselves ) . 
  sorry , lithuanians , latvians and estonians . 
  my great-grandparents did n't deport your great-grandparents or anyone else , but i feel sorrow for your families . 
  well , you 're lucky to have a large fishing fleet providing both our countries with seafood . 
   let them have less and less food , variety and quantity . 
  let them do without antibiotics . 
  let them watch as even the nicest parts of moscow start to look a bit shabby and the best foreign professors do n't come back to skolkovo . 
  it 's nice that someone watches out for us regular russians . 
  `` tell me straight , are you a real hunter or do you just come here to get fucked by a bear ? '', 
  is the only joke that comes to mind . 
  wonder if there are swedes from ytterby reading / r/europe . 
  hm , interesting , i 've never considered kushites from the horn sub-saharans , since they live east of the nile . 
  you can see that everyone is going to the black sea . 
   this is sub-saharan africa we 're talking about here , eritrea is not sub-saharan africa .
