  milano-malpensa was smaller and dirtier than i expected . 
  german lands are e-asy . 
  three saxonies from nw to se , bavaria and ba-wu in the south , thuringia smack in the middle , hesse next to it , under saxonies you get rp and nrw along the rhine , above them you have brandenburg around berlin , mvp above it , sh next to denmark and saarland next to france . 
  hamburg and bremen . 
  wyoming looks like colorado . 
  i can confidently name all of them except midwestern states . 
  michigan is two peninsulas , illinois is where chicago is , ohio is to the se , and i think wisconsin is to the north of iowa . 
  i must 've missed kansas , though . 
  edit : http://i.imgur.com/3iotqw4.png nebraska , minnesota , indiana and wisconsin are the ones i did n't get . 
  after listening to [ this ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-y3kzibhn8o ) i can say that : * irish sounds like german * slovakian sounds like ukrainian * yugoslavian sounds like russian * hungarian sounds like polish * lithuanian sounds like polish * polish sounds like ukrainian * bulgarian sounds like ukrainian spoken by a russian * romanian sounds like italian spoken by a russian * dutch sounds like german spoken by a german trying to mock the way americans speak german * danish sounds like german * swedish sounds like german but has a completely different melody * greek sounds like spanish * portuguese sounds like circassian spoken by a russian * latvian sounds like german spoken by a slav * belorussian is simply russian with a few gratuitious loanwords * french , italian , german , english and norwegian are unique, 
  and kim kardashian was `` fat ass '' . 
  and caucasian albania as well !, 
  yes , and my mother was stung by a * dzelifis * once . 
  if you speak english with romanian accent this is even more apparent . 
  alexandria-macedonia !, 
  what 's wrong with nikolaev ? 
  they 're reportedly the most ukrainian southern region , but their language test results are among the worst . 
  looks like a map of meat cuts without the cuts . 
  that 's a jewish exist in russian . 
  privatisation . 
  if you wanted to hear about the country we 're the legal successor of , then it 's mass repressions . 
  oh , come on . 
  / u/executivemonkey is never serious . 
  that 's modern art , not shit !, 
  the hills have eyes !, 
  the scots have their own parliament . 
  lochocracy !, 
  quite interesting . 
  does anyone still wear this at cultural events or folk dances ? 
  and shins as well , that 's why they are so good at basketball . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i 've ridden frecciarossa trains and they were quite good , actually . 
  i actually do n't know what english traditional dress looks like . 
  or what scottish women used to wear , must 've been trousers . 
  have there been any movements for gender-neutral or at least marriage-neutral surnames ? 
  wow , i did n't know lithuanians changed their sex like tropical fish !, 
  yeah , you 're `` cis and the baltic states '' , practically tajikistan . 
  in old russia , single girls would wear a single braid . 
  during the wedding the bride 's girl friends would rearrange her hair into two braids which she would then wear wrapped around her head under her hat . 
  almost all threads about russia here are about various russian political butthurts . 
  the biggest one is of course `` we let you * eastern * europeans and baltics live better than anyone else in the ussr , and you are still butthurt , ungrateful little shits . 
  we saved you from hitler , ffs , and you are still butthurt !, 
  stop that and love russia ! '', 
  pole\u0142ud ? 
  a film about warsaw uprising would be great , with both ak and al featured . 
  yes , and the bastard owns a villa on seychelles to boot . 
  * the children of vladimir * a murder mystery set after the death of vladimir the great , * fornicator maximus * . 
  his numerous sons are eyeing the throne of kiev . 
  someone starts ambushing and killing the sons one by one , but who ? 
  svyatopolk , who was adopted and could n't forgive his uncle for murdering his father , or yaroslav , who has already tried to rebel against his father ? 
  one of them manages to unite the remaining brothers and defeats the other . 
  but can he keep his throne when his brothers start asking for their share ? 
  or conquista . 
   oh , and where are luhansk and donetsk ?? 
  they are the loyalists , it 's the ukraine that is the separatist movement . 
  we had to close the flood protection dam in st. pete . 
  orchards have a ramp up time . 
  you ca n't just buy 1000 full-grown trees , you have to plant them and wait . 
  5 years is a long time in russia , you can be destroyed by some new land tax or your orchard can be torched by some criminals who wanted a cut or the government can strike a deal with china to buy apples with oil . 
  it 's much easier to have a short cash cycle . 
  the banks will eagerly lend you money if you are a trading company , but if you want to plant an orchard good luck getting a loan . 
  even grain or vegetable farmers resort to maxing out multiple credit cards . 
  large agricultural companies prefer heavily mechanized crops like wheat . 
  they buy fields in long stretches from the south to the north of russia so they can use the same machinery to plough and sow all of them , following the gradual arrival of the planting season . 
  and the population of the land that is now russia grew from 67 mil to 139 as well . 
  what about christian migrants ? 
  are they somehow immune to all the diseases ? 
  these are small and rough flat surfaces , not geometric expanses of glass , metals and plastic . 
  in other words , they are not persecuted for being crimean tatars , the are being persecuted for their affiliation with madjlis , which refused to support russia and sided with ukraine . 
  he 's just a namesquatter . 
  he 's just a namesquatter , milking the domain name for like 20 years already . 
  well , yes , most russians are as liberal as ldpr . 
  i would blame putin and medvedev for being fucking idiots . 
  what do you propose to do with 110 million chinese , of whom many have been born in what used to be russia ? 
  what decree are you speaking of ? 
  if we were part of the same state and people were willingly coming there as farmers and workers , then it would be mad to try and force them out or try and turn them into russians . 
  people of indian descent are there to stay on fiji , for example . 
  dan brown is a terrible writer . 
  if hitler outsells brown i wo n't be amazed . 
  what 's wrong with being russian ? 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  mein kampf is n't some dark magic that turns people into nazis overnight , it 's reportedly a boring , rambling book full of nonsensical hatred . 
  russians had to move to stans themselves . 
  and circa 1991 many had to abandon all they had and flee back to russia . 
  tmi incoming . 
  it 's generally more important to wash your hands before going to the toilet , since your genitalia come in contact with much fewer objects and hands ( i hope ! ) . 
  urine is generally sterile or nearly sterile , so it 's not that important to wash your hands after # 1 if you can keep your fingers dry . 
  feces are definitely not sterile , so it 's important to wash your hands after # 2 . 
  mm : a handshake . 
  mf : depends on the woman , some prefer to shake hands in professional environment , otherwise nothing . 
  ff : nothing , or a campy wave . 
  baltic states had it easier . 
  i wonder if finland would n't have joined the axis without this war . 
  martti larni 's books are n't funny when you read them for the first time either . 
  so i guess the reason for both accidents was their unfamiliarity with the weapon . 
  until i bought a tiny umbrella that fit in my bag i used to lose my umbrellas all over the city . 
  do regular patrolmen really need assault rifles in lithuania ? 
  i guess they go through the iranian azerbaijan . 
  that 's how you find canadian ukrainians . 
  show them gay porn and watch their faces .
