  it 's actually declaration of sovereignity , since we did n't really have a country to break free from . 
  russia 's surprisingly liberal when it comes to surrogacy . 
  you can use donor sperm , donor eggs , material compensation is allowed ( and expected ) , surrogate mother does n't get any parental rights . 
  only one thing worries me about the whole idea . 
  ivf kids are sicker on average than naturals and multiple birth is much more common than average , since multiple zygotes are used . 
  sometimes superfluous babies and/or babies with birth defects are abandoned by both their surrogate mother and their presumptive parents , unwitting victims of their arrangement . 
  yes , we do , but the state tries to limit trial by jury as much as possible , since it throws the spanner into the well-oiled works of the investigation-prosecution-justice machine . 
  i would , on the other hand , grant every defendant with potential prison sentence over 3 years an inalienable right to be tried by jury . 
   real life hunger games hunger games ?!, 
  you should 've said battle * royale * , how could you miss that opportunity ? 
  ca n't we just dump them down a mineshaft and throw some grenades after them ? 
  lomonosov is our most famous polymath . 
  discovered atmosphere on venus , wrote poems and did mosaics . 
  msu is named after him . 
  any anecdotes ? 
  sorry , ca n't think of any . 
  he 's also god . 
  strawberry or raspberry . 
  that 's an interesting concept . 
  does cyrillic have letters for the * th * - sounds ? 
  i think bashkir does . 
  1993 duma elections . 
  after yeltsin shelled the supreme soviet and introduced the new constitution , he got a parliament full of communists and national populists in return . 
  this really dampened his ambitions of becoming russian pinochet . 
  or 1905 duma elections , when the first russian parliament ever started its term by directly confronting the tsar . 
  i learned to read really early , so i do n't remember any fairy tales that were * told * to me . 
  my son , on the other hand , likes my rendition of `` little red riding hood '' . 
  that too . 
  nah , i do n't mind abibas , squatting and dashcam stereotypes . 
  the waay yoour laanguage iis spelled looks sloow . 
   wait , is there a region where people do n't drink beer ? 
  i 've always thought they were more about wine . 
   well-known torturers that to this day still openly walk our streets no vigilantism ? 
  yes , our system is very broken . 
  we should 've joined nato . 
  it 's complicated . 
  once or twice a week in moscow . 
  yes , and all muslims have to remember whether their ancestors were serbs or catholics and reconvert . 
  deport those with faulty memory to turkey . 
  chile , the scandinavia of south america . 
  not really , a joint venture between gm and autovaz . 
  original nivas are still being sold as lada 4x4 , hipsters love them . 
  ... not * addams family values * ? 
  that 's actually an ukrainism . 
  just get a second passport . 
  they are sold as renault in russia . 
  if you asked people in the street , stalin would top both polls . 
  i would probably say catherine ii was the best ruler . 
  or alexander ii . 
  every day . 
  lots of them in moscow . 
  ford focus used to be the default car , but is no longer even in top 25 . 
  tanning salon ads . 
  it really depends . 
  in plekhanov academy my degree ( which i got for free ) would cost me 250k roubles per year . 
  that 's 5k dollars or 4k + euro . 
  multiply by 4 for a bachelors degree . 
  a salad , a soup , a main course with a side dish ( potatoes , rice , buckwheat or pasta ) and a beverage . 
  some places let you pick a salad xor soup for lunch . 
  every other day . 
  they hand out fliers in the street . 
  [ nordsee ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordsee ) [ teremok ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/teremok ) has opened one restaurant in nyc , so it does n't count . 
  ** russia ** let 's start with moscow . 
  it 's a huge and cosmopolitan city surrounded with commuter towns . 
  rich , hectic , haughty , the usual set of stereotypes . 
  lots of minorities from the - stans ( similar to mexicans in the us ) . 
  beyond the commuter belt lies the depression belt . 
  ir 's quite extensive and reaches volga in the northeast . 
  lots of unprofitable factories , but too far from moscow to commute . 
  in the north lie st. petersburg and the european north . 
  st. pete is poorer , but more cultured and snobbish than moscow . 
  the rest of the european north is forests , paper mills and pomors ( a subethnic group of russians that can actually survive without the man ) . 
  people in the northeast ( vologda , kostroma and vyatka ) do not reduce unstressed o 's and are dairy farmers . 
  south of the depression belt lies the chernozem region . 
  they start to use fricative g 's ( similar to greeks and ukrainians ) and used to vote for cprf . 
  now it 's a boring agricultural region . 
  east of moscow lies nizhny novgorod , well-known for ~ ~ / u/dalnore , who has no life and beats me to almost . 
  every . 
  single . 
  thread . ~ ~ its fairs 100 years ago , its terrible jams on bridges ( like in istanbul ) today . 
  beyond nn lie the finnic republics , which are full of russians and forests and prisons and depression . 
  beyond them lie tatarstan , oil-rich and liberal for a muslim republic , and bashkortostan , famous for not being tatarstan . 
  south of them is the meridional volga , known for large cities and togliatti , the largest company town in the world . 
  i do n't really know much about it . 
  even further south lies the south of russia : rostov-on-don , kransodar , and the caucasian republics . 
  rostov has had a criminal fleur since the 19th century . 
  but it 's a large and warm port city , not really scarier than other cities . 
  don cossacks used to live upstream . 
  krasnodar is the capital of kuban . 
  it 's the biggest agricultural region in russia . 
  kubanoids combine the worst stereotypical traits of russians and ukrainians . 
  caucasian republics are seen as poor , corrupt , backwards and dangerous . 
  east of european russia we have the urals . 
  perm , ekaterinburg and chelyabinsk are the biggest cities there . 
  that 's the oldest industrial region in the country , and it 's still full of mines , plants and factories . 
  past the urals we have siberia , which is mind-bogglingly huge . 
  beyond it we have the far east . 
  both are too big to be described accurately in one comment . 
   guess where sch\u00e4uble comes from does his name mean `` little sheaf/bundle '' ? 
  the usa , because they have invented spaghetti with meatballs .
