  gdr had an idea that mostly worked . 
  you could hire their wall builders if the have n't been smuggled to the us in operation paperclip 2 : electric boogaloo . 
  subway ( metro ) . 
  i am lucky to have both my apartment and the office right next to the stations on the same line , so i do n't have to walk or take a bus or a train . 
  spain , for andalucia serbia , for pljeskavica all other countries i really would like to visit have been visited already . 
  but at this point it might be a good idea to split the country peacefully , since zuma & co are turning it into an unsafe corrupt shithole . 
  stalinism , nazism , racism , religious fundamentalism . 
  the rest i can probably tolerate . 
  chinese - rude , loud , never alone , industrious japanese - tourists with cameras , bow to people , honor-bound , asian germany vietnamese - small , brown , fry their herring , run around like roaches thai - cis/trans russian roulette indians - break into a song and dance spontaneously , smell like their food filipinos - useless babysitters, 
  we have this in russia . 
  sometimes the dates even get shuffled around to other holidays by the gov to fill in a one-day gap . 
  senk you , komrid . 
  sure , why not . 
  new england : progressive , portuguese instead of mexicans , seafood , older towns . 
  washington : sjws west of the mountains , rednecks east of them . 
  oregon : washington ten years back . 
  california : weed-growing rednecks in the north , programmers , sjws and the filthiest homeless in the west , unsustainable agriculture in the east , suburban sprawl in the south . 
  florida : florida man , snowbirds , cubans . 
  tennessee and georgia : moonshine and banjo and anal rape . 
  arkansas : incest , poverty . 
  louisiana : bayous , cajuns , poverty , blacks . 
  alabama and mississippi : poor white rednecks and even poorer blacks . 
  east midwest : scary decaying black inner cities and jobless whites in the suburbs . 
  west midwest : fields , fields , fields . 
  colorado : rednecks invaded by sjw potheads . 
  texas : what everyone thinks america looks like . 
  dc : tourists , men in suits and ghettoes . 
  virginia and maryland : where men in suits live . 
  new jersey : the state nyc is really in . 
  arizona : snowbirds and unsustainable cities . 
  hawaii : homeless , tourists , japanese , overweight natives . 
  alaska : oil workers and frost-resistant rednecks . 
  idaho , montana , wyoming : no one lives there . 
  utah : mormons , nps and the piano guys . 
  in moscow there 's ostozhenka in the city centre and the suburb of barvikha . 
  ostozhenka is kinda low key if you ignore the cars , but barvikha is where the people everyone else is talking about in this thread live in their natural habitat : furs , swarovski uggs , yippy little dogs in hermes handbags , collagen-injected lips and huge sunglasses . 
  damn , that 's smart . 
  i wonder if stage 3 scam is possible . 
  smoking is an important social activity , plus you work less if you smoke , all those breaks you take add up . 
  yes , as intermittently successful real estate developer . 
  dom 2 ( home 2 ) the original was about couples building houses together to live in and lasted one season . 
  the sequel is all about drama and has been running since ... fuck me , 2004 !, 
  soon the children of its contestants will be able to become contestants too and bitch about who had fucked who on tv . 
  crimea / s, 
  hurt butts 2 . 
  that 's the one in the original comment . 
  conscripts are generally viewed with compassion . 
  career soldiers are treated with suspicion , as guys from depressive regions that have to kill to repay their washing machine loan . 
  career officers are treated with respect . 
  wwii veterans are treated with american levels of masturbation . 
  we just need a shitpost flair . 
  that 's internal prestige . 
  i think msu is the only internationally recognized brand . 
  maybe mipt if you 're a scientist . 
   it can mean castle and lock , so i can secure my schloss with a schloss . 
  would you call it ein schlossschloss ? 
  they say you would n't call a good thing brak . 
  yes , we swim in ice holes and make holy water to last till next epiphany . 
  epiphany 's on the 19th here though , and we do not celebrate the magi . 
  north : some lake between vyborg and st. pete south : maldives west : brockenhurst , hampshire , england east : not sure , some place in russia , stavropol maybe ? 
  these are estonians we 're speaking about , you can outrun them before they even get mad . 
  same here . 
  knives , kerchiefs and something else that i forgot . 
  yeah , french-canadians are french , while italian-americans are american , make no mistake . 
   too often , i hear russian , which just surprises me . 
  stop walking around with a scowl . 
  parts 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8, 
  the constitution . 
  not really . 
  most people forget everything after the final lesson . 
  and steaks !, 
  we had to learn all countries in the world : location , capital , political system ( in broad strojes , e.g. , const monarchy , republic , etc ) , developed/developing . 
  we also had to learn major rivers , lakes , seas , mountain ranges and plains of the world . 
  and of course , regions of russia : location , capitals , demographics , economy . 
  scooters used to be popular because you could ride them drunk . 
  now you have to be sober and wear a helmet , so you look ridiculous and ca n't ignore that . 
  motorbikes are not that common , but are universally hated for riding between the lanes and hitting your car when someone in front of you changes the lane . 
  he rolls up his trousers ? 
  sweaty back . 
  35 minutes by moscow metro , but i am lucky to live next to a station and work in an office next to another station on the same line . 
  other people 's commutes can take up to two hours . 
  we have free wifi on public transport , so i spend my commute with my nose buried in the smartphone . 
  downtime activities common here ? 
  drinking , i guess , this is russia , after all . 
  shopping in huge malls , going to the movies , going for a walk in the city centre . 
  small , liberal , does n't try and play big , has some colonies , surrenders easily , has friendly relations with former rivals and dependencies . 
  executivemonkey , you 've used the wrong login . 
  a nickname someone invents for themselves does n't count . 
  - st pete is venice/palmyra of the north - st pete is also the second capital - too many cities claim to be the third capital - rostov-on-don is daddy rostov ( criminal folklore , odessa is mummy ) - moscow is the big village ( no majestic imperial palaces and full of fresh immigrants ) - moscow is default city ( literally defolt-siti in russian , comes from an auto forum where you had to indicate your location in the classifieds twice if you were n't in moscow ) - moscow is moskvabad ( for the immigrants , - abad is a common place name ending in central asia ) - khanty-mansiysk used to be khokhlo-mansiysk , for the throngs of ukrainian shift workers, 
   and lesson-wise , we seemed to be years beyond what people there did in all lessons i attended i think they assign exchange students to the slowest course track they have , to make it easier for both the students and their teachers . 
  we mostly use the figuratively , like `` to have a seven-span forehead '' ( to be extra smart ) , `` two vershoks taller than the chamberpot '' ( when talking about someone very young ) , `` to sit like you 've swallowed an arshin [ measuring stick ] '' ( upright and stiff ) . 
   but is that really different to english ? 
  that 's what it would look like if german used english word order . 
  / w\u028ad / vs / fu\u02d0d /, 
  articles are consistently hard . 
  there was an online quiz about their proper use that i surprisingly aced , but when you have to construct a sentence from scratch sometimes you begin to doubt yourself . 
  vowels are a problem as well , since neither british nor american english stick to / aeiou / , but use the weirdest sounds you can find on the ipa chart . 
  i feel your pain . 
  i hear americans call their policemen cups , and wood rhymes with food to me . 
  i was joking about kanye .
