  the rich enough are just as likely to live in a highrise here in moscow , and even if it comes with underground parking , the parking does n't come with chargers . 
  bgggggg , it 's as if you are suppressing a big manly laugh . 
  how many came back to latvia ? 
  i would really love to own one , too , when the price goes down and the street chargers start to appear . 
  i hate eyeless smilies ( ( ( ( ( ( ugh , i feel soiled having just written that . 
  that 's not really relevant for those of us not living in houses with our own garages . 
  if my car is parked in the street i ca n't slowly charge it overnight until there 's a municipal charger there . 
  less chance than navalny , actually . 
  haha . 
  it 's been more than a year since my ability to stuff euros into my wallet was greatly reduced . 
  still waiting for that grexit . 
  yeah , every time i visit the eurozone i struggle to fit 100 euro bills into my wallet . 
  rouble notes are more slender . 
  did you row across the rhine ? 
  so , will ukraine dare escalate the conflict by shooting down a russian warplane ? 
  i do n't think they will . 
  you have a relevant username . 
  greek statues are n't thin . 
  there 's a quiz next to the article and it 's brutally hard . 
  i got 8/12 , and i 'm a muscovite . 
  improving public spaces to please the electorate would never work . 
  hip parks are herzberg 's hygiene factors , not motivators . 
  there 's a hill in the netherlands as well . 
  there 's the [ other one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg3whnsg4mi ) , too . 
  i 've lost it at the `` circle dance around the pile of fake designer handbags '' . 
  hell , even greeks would be more nordic than finland in that case . 
  belarus called , they want their name , flag and vityaz back . 
  oh my , we have a lot of expertise in promoting federalism in neighboring countries with oppressed minorities !, 
  it 's a pity we 've got our hands full at the moment !, 
  what are russians doing in saxony and thuringia ? 
  is it where chechen asylum seekers processing centers are ? 
  yeah , our brotherly ties are dragging us down as well . 
  i wonder where the bottom is , we 'll need to kick against it together . 
  because we 're doing our best to make it a fourth-world country . 
  there are several ways putin can die : 1 ) slowly . 
  if everyone knows he 's dying , he can plan his succession , and neutralize other candidates . 
  2 ) unexpectedly and publicly , e.g. , he hops on a plane from germany to russia and the plane crashes in poland . 
  medvedev will become the acting president and will immediately take all possible measures to neutralize possible plotters , including reaching out to the opposition and the west , since potentially losing the election is better than committing suicide by shooting yourself in the back of the head . 
  3 ) unexpectedly and privately . 
  this is the worst case , since it will provide a window of opportunity for an inner circle coup to happen . 
  whoever learns of his death first will get a huge advantage . 
  a public uprising is also possible , but most public uprisings are predictable only in hindsight . 
  maybe foreign currency mortgage borrowers will be the spark of the uprising . 
  or donbass veterans and their supporters . 
  or someone completely unexpected . 
  there 's my apartment number on the envelope . 
  when someone writes me , they put `` to : moscow , lenin street , h. 123 apt . 
  345 '' , no real need to write my name anywhere . 
  in germany blocks of flats have names next to doorbell buttons and post boxes : o schmidt o meier o sahin o rahmer here no one would think of doing that . 
  flat number is more than enough , why let random people where you live ? 
  i agree , round romania looks better . 
  people 's names next to the doorbell buttons . 
  ugly roll-down shutters on shop windows . 
  holy crap , you are right . 
  we should send all of these shitposters to take avdeevka from each other . 
  and a pig in the barn . 
  or they simply were n't 100 % literate . 
  fuck yes , we need to save money . 
  you 're talking as if a massive nationalistic rush is something good . 
  plus , occitan is not completely dead , as you probably know . 
  there 's www.calandreta.org , for example . 
  no , but supporting occitan , breton , basque and corsican languages would be a good thing . 
  languages are a part of mankind 's shared cultural heritage , and destroying them for nationalist reasons is never a good thing . 
  of course they do n't , because occitan languages have been brutally repressed by the french state . 
  lvov , kamenets-podolsky , chernovtsi in ukraine . 
  now i know that the game of thrones is called the throne of iron and the throne of swords in french and italian , respectively . 
  the `` slow finns '' jokes are there for a reason . 
  and if you need to say `` w '' , you give an `` l '' a cerebral hemorrhage . 
  is n't that similar to why english has white and black rhinos ? 
  the white rhino was actually a `` wide rhino '' , but british settlers misunderstood the boers . 
  yes , hleb is a loanword . 
  they were pro-money , not necessarily pro-russian . 
  do you mean the sea meeting the sudetes ? 
   there has never been a positive attitude towards the united states in russia . 
  my dad recorded pink floyd 's the wall on a vhs back in 199something . 
  it was broadcast late at night , so he just popped the cassette in and went to sleep . 
  the commercial breaks were recorded as well , and the logo of tv6 that bookended them featured a huge usa flag . 
  they would n't 've done it if the attitude had n't been positive . 
  then the us attacked serbia , and everything changed . 
  they are . 
  his next words are about taking them by force if negotiations fail . 
  the police did the worst thing they could 've done : nothing . 
  they did n't try to stop either side from attacking the other one . 
  if you think they were allied with one of the sides , then they were crooks first and traitors later . 
  if they were unaligned , they were cowards . 
  neither option is especially flattering . 
  and if he does n't ? 
  dpnr suddenly happens ? 
  huh ? 
  perhaps you 'd better explain the reason for your happiness . 
  no , i mean pechenegs , who came before cumans . 
  i did n't know he spoke ukrainian . 
  good for him . 
  i hope a sarcastic odessite jew will be chosen . 
  a lot will be lost in translation , but much more will be gained . 
  what happened to all the pechenegs that migrated to what is now romania back in the eleventh century ? 
  i wonder what language he will use to conduct the meetings . 
  i do n't think he likes talking in russian after what happened in 2008 , but i also doubt that he speaks ukrainian or that local officials speak english . 
  yeah , we could poles out of moscow . 
  any job can be made part-time at will if you 're a parent with a child under 7 , plus the state pays you the difference if it 's your second + child , half the difference for the first .
