  why should it have been uralic ? 
  the only uralic steppe nomads were hungarians , and they were an outlier . 
  yeah , you did n't do this even in 1991 . 
  i understand this copypasta even when it 's written in eestihongo . 
  i hate these fucking tearable wrappers , fazer uses them as well . 
  you should 've rioted in the streets till they returned the old wrappers . 
  northern caucasus . 
  horses , wrestling , guns , black tinted cars , extreme conservatism , red mocassins , [ local music ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=kc68amm-8ni ) , '' \u044d\u044d\u044d\u044d !, 
  maths is compulsory , we cover approximately a-level subjects , but you can choose either a mandatory basic level graduation exam or an elective full-scope exam that is needed to get into most hard science university majors . 
  basic level exam simply ensures you 're not braindead . 
  informatics and chemistry . 
  i even got to the pan-moscow round of chemistry `` olympics '' held on the chemistry faculty of the msu . 
  the questions there were for hardcore chemistry nerds studying in chemistry-oriented schools , so i just got up and left after half an hour . 
  they 'll rename the whole west after him . 
  physical education and shop class . 
  yes , i was a hardcore nerd . 
  mari and udmurt are left-bank tribes , you would have to be very creative with your definition of `` between '' to include them . 
  circassians/kabardins/adyghe are basically the same people , nw caucasians aka 100 consonants guys , they 've been split to control them . 
  moscow . 
  it 's snowing right now . 
  yes i did . 
  snow is terrible if you have to live and work there and not just ski all day long . 
  dirty shoes , more dangerous driving , patches of slippery ice on the pavement ... 
  i can understand ukrainian and israeli russian just fine . 
  looks like ? 
  that 's what it is . 
  new year 's eve here . 
  the 1st of january is for waking up late , eating cold leftovers and watching tv like a zombie if you 're an adult and grandfather frost no longer leaves you presents under the ny tree . 
  i am in rome right now and these people have no idea what winter is . 
  the day before yesterday i was walking around in my shirt , it was like estonian summer . 
  it 's fucking winter solstice on the calendar and the sun can still warm you if there 's no wind . 
  back to the brown slush of moscow tomorrow . 
  my first trip was to a seaside hotel near kemer back in 1997 and my mind was fucking blown . 
  white sheets and towels . 
  a toilet you can sit on without wrapping it in tp first . 
  a swimming pool . 
  air conditioning . 
  food you can actually enjoy eating . 
  people that treat you like a guest and not like you are a person from porlock . 
  after several years of various crimean shitholes this completely erased whatever ideas of fezzes , yataghans and bazaars i had had before . 
  no , it 's a summer cabin . 
  we 've installed two electric heaters since . 
  the lock was broken , the smallest room had a made bed with a pile of books and the hot plate next to it , no food left , the electricity bill was high . 
  a country house/summer cabin . 
  in moscow they freeze to death in winter if they sleep outside . 
  to survive , they have to find anyplace with heat and protected from the elements . 
  one broke into our dacha some years back and lived there in the smallest room warming it with a hot plate . 
  most visible homeless have a terrible smell , since they do n't have a place to wash themselves and must wear their warmest clothes throughout the year . 
   it took me week or two to find out these movies are not comedy but based or real stories !, 
  ~ ~ what ? 
  what 's next , someone gets killed by a drop bear ? ~ ~ disregard that , i ca n't tell fantozzi and fantomas apart . 
  we name them pyotr , which is greek for rock , or semyon , which is aramaic for rock . 
  names that have cognates do not count . 
  ivan is hans , nothing unique about that name . 
  nadezhda is literally hope , from the story of saints faith , hope and ~ ~ sue ~ ~ charity . 
  gvozd means `` nail '' in russian , the fastener , not the one on the fingertip . 
  smalltalk is acceptable in sleeper carriages , bureaucratic queues and playgrounds . 
  not lifts or buses . 
  we share most of our names with ukraine and belarus . 
  i do n't think anyone else in europe regularly uses these names : - vadim/vadym/vadzim is a persian name we 've decided to use for some reason - svetlana/svitlana/svyatlana is also pretty unique if you do n't consider it a cognate or claire/clara/lucia i think boris is also more common in russia than even in bulgaria , despite being a bulgarian name . 
  we have : - moscow : rich , liberal - st. pete : cultured , liberal - black earth : former communist stronghold , poor , but with pockets of hope - the south : average wealth , organized crime , willing to trick others - crimea : lazy asses who have n't bothered to tidy up their peninsula and think we 'll pay what they ask for their shitty service , shitty sea and shitty attitude - tatarstan : above average oil-fueled wealth , muslims in name only that love vodka and salo - caucasian republics : poor , muslim , conservative , extra corrupt , violent - urals : dirty soviet industry , conservative - siberia : average wealth , wary of moscow , keep to themselves , rich oil towns and reindeer herding minorities in the north - the far east : ethnic minorities , miners and military , everyone who lives along the amur shops in china - the maritime province : average wealth , everyone has a japanese car - kaliningrad : poor , decaying remains of german history , military , grocery shopping is done in poland - the rest of russia : poor , empty villages and hopeless towns, 
   northeast northwest ? 
  russia - no constituency , direct presidential elections . 
  pm is appointed by the president and approved by the parliament , does n't have to be an mp . 
  was n't he chinese in the original story ? 
  or s ~ ~ y ~ ~ icilians . 
  the proper form is first name + patronymic , e.g. 
  in an international context , or when you have only initials to deal with , * gospodin/gospozha * + last name is used instead , meaning `` master/mistress '' . 
  for example , the news would translate obama saying `` mr. putin and mrs. merkel '' as '' * gospodin putin i gospozha merkel * '' . 
  do n't you also use 3rd person singular when addressing someone using `` pan/pani '' ? 
  like , instead of `` do you have your appointment confirmation ? '', 
  you 'd say `` does pan have his appointment confirmation ? '', 
  i am russian , have never seen either in my life . 
  well , we do n't consider any filling for * vareniki * to be particularly russian . 
  potato , quark or cherries are all equally acceptable . 
  french meat - slices of meat slathered in mayo and cooked in the oven . 
  berlin cookies - heart shaped soft flaky dough cookies with lemon jam and sugar glazing . 
  korean carrot - carrot salad with spicy dressing . 
  you can move to the caucasus and get mountains * and * corruption . 
  holland and england - very common . 
  yankee - only when we tell them to go home . 
  otherwise americoses or pindoses . 
  there 's a desert between us . 
  they keep quiet , so we do n't bother each other . 
  if only land borders count , then china and russia tear europe a new one . 
  sholokhov , dovlatov , and pelevin up to and including * generation p * . 
  it 's easier to move to san diego , valparaiso or las palmas if you want mild climate . 
  so , do you want -10 to +10 or what ? 
  there are free houses in abandoned villages across the land . 
   are your wait staff in the uk just acting with open hostility or disdain ? 
  no , they treat people professionally . 
  in moscow manual gearboxes are for the poor and/or cheapskates and people who love racing or offroading or driving in general . 
  automatics are such a huge quality of life improvement that most people prefer them . 
  being stuck in a jam on an onramp is a fucking pain if you have a manual gearbox . 
  well , it 's 25 % moisturizer anyway . 
   russians have a millennia-old desire to destroy our country , it 's sort of frightening to know that there is someone out there like that . 
  norway : you know how to use that oil money finland : you know how to build roads and treat nature right . 
  estonia : you know how to automate bureaucracy away latvia : um ... sprats ? 
  lithuania : thank for not following your northern neighbors ' example and granting citizenship to everyone poland : good job rebooting your country after the soviet control belarus : uh ... best tractor ? 
  ukraine : both our countries have a long way to go still , but your people have started waking up sooner georgia : awesome food you have there azerbaijan : uh ... kazakhstan : uh ...
