  do you have an example ? 
  i can only think of hinkal ( not hinkali ) , everything else i know is from the southern caucasus . 
   veeeeeeeeeeeeeery slow internet what could you expect from estonia ? 
  wp says they were born in krasnosielc , which is now poland . 
  there 's no discussion , adam was a pole and a polish patriot born in the time when there was no sovereign polish state in the place which is not part of poland today, 
  the camo is so good the army can not find the new uniforms . 
  rubens was born is what is now nrw , and i specifically excluded rulers . 
  but otherwise mea culpa , thank you . 
  he would have to be russian , then , since he was born in russian empire , three years after the plc ceased to exist . 
  i am not trying to describe him as belarussian like that video does , but please read the op again . 
  i know , but he was born in what is now belarus . 
  cyril and methodius , jan hus , smetana , dvorak , a polderload of flemish painters , for example ? 
  scientists , even nobel prize winners , are not all famous . 
  i would say higgs is n't famous either . 
  sure , people have heard of the higgs boson , but how many know anything about the man himself ? 
  oh , yes , he was the bomb . 
  marc chagall and adam mickievicz for belarus . 
  i 've actually spent some time looking for the european country with the least number of internationally famous people that were n't rulers , and the losers were ( microstates aside ) : * albania with mother theresa * belgium with poirot , who is n't even real , and van damme . 
  russian , have four sims , can confirm . 
  - a personal phone ( plus two old phones in my desk drawer ) - a company phone ( plus an old company phone in my desk drawer ) - a crappy phone with a travel sim ( idling in my desk drawer ) - a tablet ( abandoned in my desk drawer ), 
  [ this meme ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8hqojhq.jpg ) first row : ru , ua , tatar , jew , gypsy , kg second row : by , lt , ge , am , kz , uz third row : lv , ee , az , md , tj , tm, 
  let 's do it , then !, 
  i 've always wanted to live on madeira or azores or especially the canaries . 
  we 'll even ship the existing population to siberia for free !, 
  can you fit russia into the remaining space that is n't russia ? 
  probably not . 
  asian russia will fit easily , though . 
  basically , they were there when muscovy was small and struck a different deal ( technically independent , they agreed to be the little brother ( quite literally ) of the prince of moscow ) . 
  then it took some time to find a valid revocation reason to avoid a relationship hit with other vassals . 
  if i facepalm any harder , i 'll break my nose . 
  the anthem - yes , the flag - no , not really , albania has a better one . 
  i am practically a mormon in my drinking habits . 
  so no beer , soda , coffee or tea for me . 
   number of russians wanting to leave hits all-time low despite crisis -- poll only the lazy-ass russians like me remain , others who wanted to leave have already left . 
  dick was also a total junkie , tripping balls on acid . 
  still a great writer , even though i get a feeling he was trying to write the same book during his trips , but always getting a different one . 
  moloch by lem and rereading the books of the new sun by wolfe . 
  wodehouse has been put on hold , since the stories have gotten too repetitive . 
  we were taught it was a hasty rehash of the dutch flag . 
  girih , islamic ornamented tiles . 
  140/141 , mixed up macedonia and montenegro for some reason , despite knowing very well that one is serbian and another bulgarian . 
  did you know there 's a hip hop band in montenegro called monteniggers ? 
  i 'll talk about moscow , since i do n't know much about the situation in the rest of russia . 
  the biggest problen is mortgage . 
  the rates are so high you want to have your installments as high as possible , so you need that double income . 
  yes , you can rent , then have one kid , then get a job , save enough to cover your 25 % or whatever the bank wants and then get a mortgage , but this means you ca n't afford to have a second child . 
  yes , the state will pay something like 420k ( 6keur ) for each child beyond the first , but that 's 10 monthly installments or even fewer . 
  wow . 
  it 's 250eur here , no wonder our birth rate is so low . 
  even a 1000eur cap would 've helped so many people in mid-sized cities . 
  should be safe enough . 
  tell her to check out mertvovod canyon np . 
  still a stupid jingoistic slogan . 
  crap , i did n't notice it actually included greek macedonia and would n't induce any rear pain . 
  nah , it should be called macedonia . 
  kaliningrad students call their alma mater emmanuelle cunt university . 
  taxi services in europe need reform , but uber 's behavior is deplorable and does n't solve the problem at all . 
  since 2014 , yes . 
  it 's not so black and white . 
  genetically they are quite similar to the surrounding slavs , their language has lots of slavicisms despite its incomprehensible grammar , and their culture is more pannonian now than ugric or steppe nomadic . 
  that 's true , i just did n't want to be unfair to those who have managed to get out of the crab basket . 
  those of them who do not want to assimilate do n't send their children to school and do n't settle down and find a job . 
  therefore they remain poor and resort to less than legal means of income , like begging , stealing or drug dealing . 
  no , please . 
  i 'd rather have brt and lrt than them . 
  looks more like an old nazi march to me . 
  we only queue for marshrutkas ( dolmu\u015f ) . 
  i wanted to link to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nb1b3ki1u-i ) , but then realized there were no words . 
  itt : people not able to tell multiple moscow castles apart . 
  yeah , the light blue stacking ring my son had lost was n't there either . 
  ** russia ** we 've lost our president . 
  yeah , and after the war poland will be given lands between oder and elbe as a compensation for german crimes . 
  no one will call it eastern europe ever again . 
  thailand is a resort country with ladyboys and ping-pong shows , vietnamese are short , dark , fidgety , quiet traders who eat fried herring ( oh , and star balm is from viet nam !, 
  ) , filipinas have appeared as baby sitters and housemaids in moscow , you ca n't chew gum in singapore . 
  people in the street know next to nothing about cambodia , laos , malaysia , indonesia or brunei . 
  that 's an exclusively british viewpoint . 
  thank you . 
  everything west of vistula is yours . 
  mercator was good for navigation , because a straight line on a mercator map means a constant angle between your course and meridians . 
  this mean you can steer your ship by setting that angle on the compass . 
  do n't worry , we 're working on this . 
  he 'll just kill her husband and make her sarah putin . 
  i 'd say dodi al fayed was a success as well . 
  vladimir i the great vladimir ii monomakh vladimir iii the crimea-taker vladimir iv the unfortunate victim of a palace coup, 
  the numbers are too low . 
  a lot of ethnic kazakhs and ukrainians are russian speakers , especially in the cities . 
  and yet neither kiev nor alma-ata are marked on the map . 
  it 's usual to let the hair grow , which is gross . 
  it 's not russian at all , no one knows the nickname of texas here . 
  [ more relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3lz2gffkeg ), 
  `` how to win the russian civil war as whites in just 98 years by poruchik strelkov '' ? 
  i once made a custom layout to type transliterated russian based on russian jcuken layout , since it 's better for touch typing than qwerty . 
  my brain fucking collapsed , since my eyes saw latin letters and my fingers automatically switched to qwerty , producing nonsense after the first letter . 
  i guess that 's why everyone 's abandoning their national layouts , even though qwerty is suboptimal . 
  we have an official list of 313 of them . 
  i 've read that it was most likely a cognate of arktos/ursus , something like \u043e\u0440\u0447\u044c / or\u0107 . 
  in old russian otrok meant a teen , a youth . 
  the road along the southern side of the railroad . 
  precisely .
