  how do you propose they do that ? 
  they are russian nationals , they are free to enter belarus at any time . 
  it 's really hard to find it here in russia . 
  our local equivalent of 550 is ubiquitous , though . 
  is n't that like pastry flour ? 
  too much starch for regular bread . 
  type 550 is more normal . 
   not many regular people knew about the alternatives until the eu forced ms to include that `` choose your browser '' screen . 
  nope , google started offering chrome on its search page at the time when ie was shit . 
  this was what really destroyed ie 's market share , not the eu . 
   when a chinese wise man was asked about the implications of french revolution , he said `` its too early to tell '' . 
  im thinking the long term . 
  zhou enlai thought he was being asked about may 1968 events . 
  they are dead like rewel , derpt and yuryev . 
   petrocheese well , we have to do * something * wirh all that oil . 
  you 're welcone to switch . 
  except i think it was western old rus , not old church slavonic , if i remember it right . 
  because gay sex does n't count ? 
  i can just call them \u0445\u043e\u0445\u043b\u044b to do that . 
  check out some nationalist ukrainian maps . 
  they insist all kubanoids are actually ukrainians in denial . 
  unlike ukr . 
  explaining like you 're literally five : mountains can house many very different peoples , because they live in different valleys . 
  in good times they multiply and mingle in cities and nearby plains , in bad times they want to keep the resources to themselves and fight each other for formerly shared spaces . 
  the eighties and nineties were a bad time . 
  just a protip : `` azer '' is about as offensive as `` jap '' or `` paki '' . 
  i 've heard they had finally found the remains of the 2013 world champion a few weeks back . 
  i am sorry the legal predecessor of my country stabbed poland in the back . 
  maybe it could be justified strategically , but it was a scumbag thing to do . 
  because it runs better during the day than the tube does . 
   the topless woman was apparently attacked by more than one assailant and knocked down onto the beach where they ripped off her bikini bottoms and gave her a bloody nose before leaving the scene . 
  the woman , her husband and their 3 teary kids then left the beach . 
  what was her husband doing all this time ? 
  i 'm not a good fighter , but i 'd rather get my own nose broken than let anyone assault my wife . 
  yes , you can enter the country legally , but you need a permit to work . 
  yes , and cooked all the way through to avoid indigestion . 
  good job , you almost got me to bite the bait . 
  ask them if they want to build polish death camps . 
  temporarily independent at the moment . 
  because they want to tell you people fuck kids in these countries if 14 year olds in burma are child labourers . 
  poland is western russia , not eastern . 
  not that many people vote for them ( except for the communists ) . 
  they are in the news , so they get brand recognition and there are no smear campaigns against them running on state tv . 
  this picture could 've been taken in penza . 
  he 's good at speaking with a russian accent , though . 
  yes , so ~ 75 % of estonians in estonia are both , the rest are estonians as well , just not ethnic estonians . 
  estonian is a nationality . 
  you 'll get your fair share in korea . 
  have you see a recent olympics photo of a russian-ukrainian-belarussian pedestal ? 
  do you expect me to deny that ? 
  well , if ukraine had folded and recognised the referendum back in 2014 , their lives would 've improved compared to 2013 . 
  you make it sound awesome . 
   so maybe putin will know more than `` tere tere , vana kere ! '', 
  that cheeky ass . 
  no , he was talking about us military bases there . 
  never say never . 
  it can flip back relatively painlessly still . 
  well , parts of it . 
  nope . 
  snippets of czech often sound like russian ( unless it 's that 333 tongue-twister ) , but polish always sounds like it is spoken through a cheap walkie-talkie , with half of the consonants replaced with static . 
   ` szcz\u0119\u015bcie ' / ` szcz\u0119\u015bliwy ' from this list is so close to ' \u0441\u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c\u0435 ' / ' \u0441\u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0432\u044b\u0439 ' in russian so they will have no problems with it . 
  i accidentally summoned an elder god trying to pronounce this ... \u0449\u0435\u043d\u0441\u044c\u0446\u044c\u0435 ? 
  a polystyrene one would n't be that heavy . 
  especially when there 's snow on the road . 
  capital mutilation would work better . 
  will violators be jailed in o\u015bwi\u0119cim ? 
  the rain was n't * extremely * heavy , but it was raining since 6 pm till noon or so . 
  and yes , our storm drains are kinda shit . 
  they are supposed to be cleaned regularly , but are likely full of decomposing leaves , cigarette butts and regular dirt . 
  as in in one of the other threads here . 
   visa liberalisation agreement with eu was cancelled after you annexed crimea it stalled because our negptiators wanted visa-free indefinite stay for service passport holders . 
  that was before crimea . 
  i 've never had a problem with schengen visas anyway . 
  welkom too ze hyoodrolic press chunnel !, 
  my fav is that we 're all subhumans . 
  cue a shitstorm from ukrainian armchair warriors . 
  they technically are white . 
  there 's no line you can draw between iceland and sri lanka where people on one side are white and on the other are n't . 
  vladivostok is in asia too . 
  but i meant asian as in mongoloid . 
  well , he was n't black or asian . 
   numbeo is the shit numbeo is shit , you wanted to say . 
  `` the shit '' means `` very good '' . 
  ascension island ? 
  we do n't have shared borders and our fleets and air forces wo n't be able to do shit against the other country . 
  invading you through armenia will be a pain even if georgia grants us access through their territory . 
  there 's a big problem with italians that 's called * mamma * . 
  not every russian girl 's willing to endure that . 
  i we were playing diplomacy , every other country would be rolling for anal circumference by then . 
  reminds me of that joke about an old german lady who sadly had only eine mikrowelle . 
  i 've been to a german majority hotel in egypt and it was a pain to find a free lounger . 
  at 9 am every single one would be reserved with a beach towel with not a single german in sight . 
  i once took a look from the balcony as soon as i woke up and they all were reserved !, 
  damn germans probably wake up at 6 , pick a nice spot and go back to sleep . 
  no wonder they took us by surprise in 1941 . 
  rumours are 4 border guards have gone awol with their guns . 
  the process will only get cheaper . 
  soon it will get cheap enough that it will be easier to print a new design than to build an extrusion mold for that new chair if the number of copies is not 10000 more . 
  i do n't think they use toilet paper anyway ... 
  taking it up the arse .
