  they should pick a less arab-looking flag first . 
  it 's cz , of course . 
  `` fran\u00e7ais '' is how the french spell `` franchise '' . 
  does it mean ` bile ' ? 
  yes , but it 's a different broad gauge . 
  vodka drones ? 
  vodka pipelines ? 
  offshore ( literally ) liquor shops ? 
  have you tried hawthorn extract ? 
  was n't it technically a countercoup ? 
  self-propelled artillery . 
  they should check their fire control software for malware . 
  and we should double down on making our spart shoot and scoot cycle the shortest in the world , even in deep snow . 
  and drones that work at -30 c. 
   how do you avoid the poisonous ones ? 
  natural selection . 
  yes , people die every year in russia after eating the wrong mushroom . 
  mushrooms are europe 's fugu . 
   1 ) what country are you from ? 
  what stereotype about you is true and what are myths ? 
  vodka consumption is high here , bears are rather rare . 
   2 ) is islamophobia a big deal in your country ? 
  what are your opinions on it ? 
  any experience to share ? 
  moscow and the south are kinda islamophobic ( or rather xenophobic ) , since we 're getting lots of russian and - stani immigrants . 
  official position is that wahhabism is a perversion of islam , and all proper religions are religions of peace . 
   3 ) suggestions for good traditional heavy music like orphaned land , eluveitie , drudkh etc. 
  bands that use unconventional instruments would be great . 
  no idea . 
   4 ) what are 3 things ( food / place / anything unique ) that a tourist should definitely try in your country ? 
  being invited to a dinner at someone 's home , riding a sleeper train for several days , white nights in st pete ( especially unusual for someone from india ) . 
   5 ) what are the prevailing stereotypes about indians in your country ? 
  poor , but love song and dance . 
  slum cities . 
  mowgli . 
  aloof as a country , cooperating with everyone , but allied with no one . 
   6 ) which football club do you support ? 
  and any interesting fact/event ? 
  not that big of a fan . 
   57 thousand people i doubt this amount will impress anyone in * india * . 
  it wo n't have an immediate effect , so * at this point * it wo n't work . 
  of course comprehensive sex ed is necessary . 
  you ~ ~ might ~ ~ will end up with the extinguisher up your arse if you try that approach here . 
   but in high humidity places like germany , even 5c can feel miserable and your clothing just does n't seem to keep out the cold in a good enough way . 
  you need a tight-fitting undershirt to keep you warm in humid cold . 
  that 's not much of a sex ed . 
  `` use a condom if you have to have sex , ok ? '', 
  is not enough . 
  at the very least the course should include : - how to actually put on a condom - if you started putting one on the wrong way , discard it - do n't put on two at once `` for double protection '' - you can get pregnant even if it 's your first time - if you 're unlucky , a single drop of semen or even cowper 's fluid is enough , so do n't have sex with someone you ca n't imagine rasing a child with if you ca n't get plan b or an abortion - how to tell if you 're pregnant - how to tell if you might have an std - oral sex is n't safe if you 're worried about stds, 
   in your opinion , what could/should be done at this point ? 
  uninstall tinder , do n't do drugs , hope you wo n't need a blood transfusion . 
  100 % god and 100 % human , if you disagree you 're a heretic . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ? 
  because it 's automatically mobile . 
  what ? 
  have you checked what british or schengen visa requirements look like ? 
  at least they left `` atmosphere '' untranslated . 
  it does , but do you call an automobile samovoz or a bus vsevoz ? 
   holier than thou that 's because he 's the second biggest turd in the world , 7.5 courics of shit , if i remember correctly . 
  you croats and your love of slavicisms . 
  ca n't even write `` aeroport '' , no . 
  it 's 31 here as well . 
  below zero . 
  shalamov is a better writer than solzhenitsyn . 
  ph is banned in russia , so geeks are overrepresented in the viewers from here . 
  this explains sfm , overwatch and futas . 
  i 'm not sure the one on the left is even a girl ... 
  in july . 
  algarve 's too hot in july for a toddler , is n't it . 
  and i think all other beaches on the western shore are too wavy , are n't they ? 
   if kids were miraculously born the size of an adult , but with a child mind , i bet the number of child beatings would drastically go down . 
  but the number of parent beatings would skyrocket . 
   where ? 
  [ there !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxi_afk2r9y ), 
  nice !, 
  i actually plan to go there with my wife and kid this summer . 
  anything i should know in advance ? 
  eu immigrant processing centers on corsica will process them into corsican coats of arms !, 
   my gut feeling tells me the superblock will get destroyed by dumb drivers for a while , though . 
  and they will definitely not be limited to 10 km/h irl . 
  do n't forget that driving * through * the block will be impossible . 
  if you turn into the superblock the only way out leads to the same street you 've left . 
  they should be ruled a buonaparte . 
  leave brittany alone !, 
  * tears mixing with eyeliner *, 
  bill can not run even as vp . 
  with chelsea as pres or vp ? 
  you suggestion makes me shudder either way . 
  i do n't know , if someone in the street says `` excuse me , could you ... '' to me , i will not feign ignorance or reply to them in russian . 
  well , they know they should n't try that in spanish . 
  `` gently used '', 
  - putin tries to renegotiate ukraine with the us and eu , fails despite having trump and some friends in the eu - ukraine deadlocked politically , snap parliamentary elections in 2017 - eu does nothing against immigrants - right parties gain seats in european parliaments , but executive power still belongs to righ-of-center parties - the us turn neither into fascist hell nor into a maga wonderland , people on the internet ca n't stop claiming it 's both - brexit starts and stalls, 
  i was going to reply to you with steklovata if you for some reason posted a different video . 
  hey , i 'm offended that we 're excluded from this list !, 
  i guess the crysis did hit us hard if we can no longer invade european bitches with our hairy bellies over black speedos ( acceptable lunch attire ) . 
  i know what liberalism is , but promotion of values is not a political activity . 
  promotion of liberal candidates or bills is . 
  you ca n't check who deposits money into the account ? 
  bullshit , there 's a law that requires you to send statements every year .
