  why does this remind me of us and our neighbors ... 
  this whore now has a green card and is unashamedly happy about that . 
  are pc games even common in japan ? 
  i think i 've read somewhere that most japanese gamers are console peasants . 
  decoy slug, 
  i used to live next to a large ravine , and one snowy year its northern sunny side was warm and blooming while alpine skiers were still riding down the shady southern one . 
  image 1 is n't khruschevka either . 
  the baltics always got the best stuff during soviet times . 
  was n't putin who did that . 
  by 1999 it already was an islamist shithole . 
  even khodorkovsky 's planned protest action amounts to * petitioning * putin to reconsider running in the next election . 
  i wonder what 's going on in people 's heads . 
  they knew . 
  are chechens inherently worse people than russians or french ? 
  no , they are shaped by their culture into worse people ( at least if we 're talking about their treatment of women and lgbt ) . 
  those young russians who turned to crime in the early 90 's , were they born inherently evil people ? 
  no , they were born regular people , but the economy and the breakdown of the state around them turned them into criminals . 
  should we have refrained from punishing them for their crimes ? 
  they have committed them , they should bear the responsibility . 
  ** should we strive to avoid and prevent the circumstances that caused them to rob and murder ? 
  ** yes . 
  ** the same applies to the chechens ? 
  should we demand justice for gay chechens harrassed by their own families ? 
  yes . 
  should we acknowledge that it was not personal inborn malovelence that drove their homophobic relatives to violence , but the demands of their culture and the vallues instilled in them by their upbringing ? 
  yes . 
  they are what enables people to act like they do . 
  no , chechen/montane mentality and traditions are scum . 
  because many of them depend on their relatives . 
  like , you know your second uncle has an auto body shop , so you know you will work there and learn on the job , there 's no need for post-secondary education . 
  then you finally leave , but another uncle is a policeman . 
  bam , and your passport is marked as stolen in the federal database . 
  good luck getting a job . 
  you are lucky or persistent and manage to get an asylum abroad . 
  your family says you 're an embarrassment , and now the whole teyp has to get rid of you . 
  that 's like 10 % of all chechens . 
  now you have to avoid not only your family , but any chechen , since there 's a non-zero probability he will gut you . 
  it 's really hard to change the culture . 
  the ussr did n't change the culture of latvia in 50 years to high power distance and collectivism , after all . 
  i 've never realized how much i wanted a pith helmet until now . 
  that 's easily fixed , as you well know . 
  ps , x , g , ia ? 
  i 'd worry about \u03bc\u03c0 and \u03bd\u03c4 more . 
  should you write them as b and d ? 
  if so , \u03b2 is v , but \u03b4 has no suitable letter left . 
  yes !, 
  black sea fleet is finally free !, 
  can you move morocco as well ? 
  bulgarians are triggered by your comment . 
   very straight no homo at all, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.ru/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=kowloon+walled+city ) , but border to border ? 
  if all 140 million of us find ourselves in kaliningrad oblast , we 'll just invade the baltics morocco style . 
  you might be partially right . 
  he was narcomnats , so that was his responsibility , but i ca n't find any document that directly links him to the decision of vtsik . 
  yeah , these territories were given to the republic by stalin to punish western siberian peasants for their uprising against military communism ,, 
  i watched it with no sound and it was still unsettling . 
  only when he has a new sexual partner . 
  oh , polan is polan , and space is space , and never the twain shall meet . 
  in february , the president/the czar , almost universally despised , is removed from power and the new provisional government is formed . 
  however , most of the posts are taken by the mainstream opposition already represented in the rada/duma . 
  this annoys the radical factions like the right sector/the bolsheviks . 
  the threats of russian/german invasion and the collapsing economy are weakening the government , crimea/poland is already out of their control . 
  what will happen in october ? 
  will the radicals remove the provisional government and create a new ~ ~ fascist ~ ~ nationalist/communist state that will have to sign a treaty of krasnohrad/brest-litovsk that recognizes the independence of eastern ukraine/ukraine , which is swiftly occupied by russia/germany ? 
  will the similarities carry us far enough to kronstadt rebellion ii/kiel mutiny and the collapse of russian federation/german empire ? 
  sorry , uk !, 
  you get to gloat at our poor vocabulary . 
  i 've been reading the comments to the victory day text post and i had to wonder where the negativity came from . 
  of course , i did understand that intellectually , but culturally i was somewhat repulsed . 
  the same also happens every time i see a `` soviet terror '' museum . 
  i had to sit down and think what makes me so uncomfortable . 
  poles and czechs and lithuanians lived worse than the english and the french , but they still lived better than russians . 
  eastern european goods were held in high esteem throughout the ussr . 
  every ddr citizen who has seen brd wanted to live there , and every rsfsr citizen who has seen gdr wanted to live there . 
  so the visceral reaction is `` how can you claim to be oppressed if you lived better than us '' ? 
  the dreaded deportations . 
  operation priboi resulted in ~ 90,000 estonians , latvians and lithuanians being sent to siberia . 
  katyn massacre ended the lives of 22,000 educated poles . 
  but this pales when compared to the great purge , when , during 1937 and 1938 , the nkvd detained 1,548,366 persons , of whom 681,692 were shot . 
  yes , i know that 40,000 latvians out of two million is a bigger proportion than 1,500,000 out of 160 million , but the raw numbers are incomparable , and we have n't touched the red terror yet . 
  so the visceral reaction is `` compared to russians , you have n't really been oppressed , we have shrugged and moved on , why ca n't you ? '', 
  the equalization of soviet rule and nazi rule . 
  this is something that can not be comprehended by a russian mind . 
  despite the brutality of the soviet rule , they can not beat 13 million civilian deaths in 4 years . 
  yes , i know that the germans did n't decimate eastern europe like they did russia , belarus and ukraine , but equating soviet and german occupations or rationalizing the formation of ss divisions as `` using one tyrant to fight another '' is abhorrent to russian ear . 
  the latter also sounds very close to rationalizing the molotov-ribbentrop pact as `` letting one capitalist bloc fight another '' , and i do n't think anyone here will agree it was a good idea . 
  so , what do you think it will take to put the past behind us ? 
  upd : wow , so many replies . 
  i am not sure i will be able to reply to all of them , so i 'll just write here that it seems the biggest problem for us russians is deciding whether russia is a successor of the ussr or not . 
  if we 're not and we 're just another victim of the soviet rule that happened to be the first one , we can safely condemn all the crimes committed . 
  if we say the ussr was our glorious past , hands off with your slanderous insinuations , then i guess the rift can not be healed . 
  there must be some food that is higly regarded where you live , but is virtually unknown abroad or even in other provinces . 
  it 's time you told everyone about it . 
  there 's not much friendship and unity right now , but let 's hope and do our best to establish fruendship and unity among all slavic peoples , all ruropean peoples and all world peoples . 
  our planet is too small for petty conflicts . 
  for things like `` i called them and it turns out their factory is located in some xxx , no way i 'm going there to buy a thousand bricks '' or `` what do you expect from someone who grew up in xxx ? '', 
  like , late 80s or early 90s mercedes sedan . 
  or maaaaybe a bmw . 
  is this car stereotyped in any way ? 
  is it mayne reid 's one from texas , with a `` ccc '' bullet in his chest ?
