  second , it shows how effective tv propaganda is . 
  the boy is not an evil monster , but he 's been exposed to such a dirty torrent of propaganda that he does n't feel brainwashed or notice his confirmation bias . 
  third , he did n't willingly commit any war crimes of his own . 
  yes , he was lied to and agreed to invade a sovereign country while hiding his insignia , but he did n't mistreat pows or execute civilians or salt the fields or i do n't know what . 
  had he been equally exposed to a different world view , i do n't think he would have done what he has done . 
  therefore , i wish him well and i hope the journalists of novaya gazeta managed to plant the seeds of doubt in his mind . 
  who lived in smolensk and bryansk , then ? 
  do n't you remember when yuryev was founded on the smoldering ruins of tartu ? 
  historical ? 
  rzeczpospolita polska ( and their lithuanian bros ) . 
  got all our lands back from them and then erased them from the map . 
  then did it again after napoleonic wars . 
  and again 76 years ago . 
  i have a feeling they might still feel some resentment . 
  turkey , the uk , the u ~ ~ k ~ ~ s and germany are in the top 5 , but we 've spent much more time in wars against the plc and its successor states . 
  that was my own translation . 
  okay . 
  chile has first-world prices . 
  yeah , i 've been thinking about utah/arizona . 
  not that much fresh water , though . 
  does it really mean that much to you to prove that chile is a country with high prices ? 
   sociale wijken i think they call it council housing in the uk . 
  some additional info from the foremost russian encyclopedic source . 
  it 's in russian , but the pictures speak for themselves . 
  this map has russia marked the same color as chile . 
  that 's a pretty low standard for a first world country . 
  also , i have this up my ass : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_world#mediaviewer/file:cold_war_alliances_mid-1975.svg, 
  it 's not a first or second world country , sorry . 
  not that many pines in thailand , i 'm afraid . 
  or something like valparaiso in chile . 
  not sure about the salary , though . 
  some dry place by the sea or a clean lake with pines and freely available fresh water , third world prices and first world salaries , with dark skies and modern conveniences . 
  yeah , right , a man can dream . 
   if your lot was to be born in an empire ,  better live in a backwater seaside province . 
  i always have to sing `` im wei\u00dfen r\u00f6ssl am wolfgangsee '' before i say `` der see '' or `` die see '' to make sure i 'm using the correct article . 
  my teacher used to help some bunch of russian protestants with their english . 
  they originally learned it from the kjv bible . 
  verily i say unto thee , that was an abomination . 
  the limit 's actually 110 here in russia , but you can be fined only for going 20 over . 
  my other two great-grandfathers did n't serve . 
  one was a school principal and was appointed a judge during the war . 
  he tried to convince a corrupt official he worked with to turn himself in and was shot . 
  my fourth great-grandfather moved to siberia in the 1930s to avoid going there in a different status . 
  he was a train driver and remained on the skeleton crew during the war . 
  two of my great grandfathers fought in the ww2 . 
  one was a captain and even got awarded with an order of alexander nevsky for retaking a village somewhere in belarus . 
  at the end of the war he heard about the kaliningrad oblast and successfully applied for resettlement there from the mosquito-ridden shithole he was from . 
  another great-grandfather was wounded in the head and spent the rest of the war as a military driver . 
  i also do n't remember if it was him or his older brother who managed to fight in both world wars and was taken prisoner by the germans both times . 
  however , the second time he told them he had already seen everything their camps had to offer 25 years ago and was let go . 
  khodorkovsky 's spending some of his stashes to get our opposition parties to cooperate , but the most stable and oldest of our opposition parties , yabloko , is famously inflexible , refusing to cooperate with anyone who does n't agree with them on all of their key points . 
  they 're a polar opposite of navalny 's literally populist agenda . 
  the rest , including nemtsov 's / kasyanov 's / ryzhkov 's rpr-parnas , fall somewhere in the middle , but the latter is popularly known as the party of never-coulds and have-already-trieds that kept banding together while their popular support waned . 
  well , i see several reasons : 1 . 
  the party had to be big enough to be registered , but small enough to be manageable during the registration process . 
  completely bogus parties have been registered without a hitch , but pp had met so many bureaucratic hurdles , its regional congresses had to be reconvened many times . 
  it 's still a party of navalny , not a party following a specific ideology , and he does n't really need a large party he can not control , despite all the e-democracy talk . 
  the only reason for it to grow is to get someone who can win single constituency parliament seats , but he can achieve that by supporting existing popular independents if our next elections will be less unfair . 
  the other half of the seats is distributed between party lists , so he can just write '' # 1 - navalny , # 2 - # 450 - do you care ? '', 
  to get the votes . 
  so now we 'll just have to wait for 20-30 more years . 
  i guess they meant `` these shots '' . 
  as a supporter of that party i can not say it has many supporters . 
  the ideas it supports do , though . 
  lots . 
  there are streets named after otto kuusinen , olof palme , salvador aliende , taras shevchenko ... 
  gentrification is one of the reasons why it 's better to own than to rent . 
  rusalkas ( mermaids ) are the spirits of drowned virgins . 
  they have enticing tits in the front , but have rotten all the way to the lungs in the back . 
  they bathe under the moonlight and ask you to join them . 
  if you approach , they drag you into the water and tickle you till you inhale the water and drown . 
  the fern blooms on the night before john the baptist 's day / the midsummer night . 
  if you find it and keep it , you 'll be able to see buried treasure . 
  venturing into the forest to look for one is a good pretext for some outdoor sex . 
  what 's wrong with minty breath ? 
  it 's much better than goat ass breath . 
  there 's a close relative of kiwifruit that is native to the maritime krai ( kiwi is from china ) . 
  i plan to start growing it on my dacha . 
  that 's weirder than calling a headscarf a babushka . 
  maskirovka is when you put twigs on your tank . 
  as the punchline of a certain joke goes , `` my boa does n't give a damn '' . 
  or what , you 'll send us to the polish death camps ? 
  the root marked with shades of yellow on the map literally means `` yellow '' , but what does '' \\* aus - '' mean ? 
  i wonder if whiteburgs are as common as highburgs . 
  and a few completely ruined or rural vyshgorods in russia . 
  and russia is n't any different . 
  the mongol invasion ( yes , i know this resulted in a power shift that gave birth to muscovy ) . 
  the time of troubles . 
  the wwi+rcw . 
  the wwii . 
  perestroika + shock therapy ( were kinda inevitable , still sucked ) . 
  i know , but i ca n't help myself . 
  1999-2013 , pity our pharaoh did n't have his own joseph . 
  how come the british still think cromwell was a great man and have streets named after him if they love their monarchy so much ? 
  and your name translates to `` peasant '' , ha . 
  when i see the words `` drugs tsar '' i imagine someone like escobar , a ruler of a crime syndicate . 
  try reading [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-27186709 ) while mentally replacing `` walking '' with `` wanking '' . 
  yeah , mv is right next to berlin and is underpopulated . 
  the refugees are also there because they chose to go to germany instead of staying in turkey . 
  that 's a myth .
