i would add the [ cerne abbas giant ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cerne_abbas_giant ) . 
  the only sight that 's also excited to see you . 
  putting our fingers in our ears and pretending northern ireland does n't exist ? 
  we 've made up plenty of other sports . 
  we still have rugby , cricket , curling etc. 
  if you get good at those we 'll just make up some more . 
  it 's a nice round number in mph . 
  only looks weird because this graph is in kph . 
  elements of cornwall have been calling for it for a long time , just no one listens to ( or understands what 's going on inside the heads of ) the cornish . 
  scotland makes up around 8.5 % of the uk population . 
  that 's almost the same population size as gloucestershire , bristol , wiltshire , somerset , dorset , devon , cornwall and the isles of scilly combined . 
  if anything scotland gets a comparatively high amount of focus . 
  you mean the convict ? 
   nogdam who ? 
  do n't fear , in the vaults below buckingham palace they 're preparing him a new robot body . 
  we will never be without his diplomacy-busting guidance . 
  lake bled is very picturesque . 
  honey based liqueur is good . 
  wine is good . 
  famous for pear brandy ( with pears grown in the bottles ) . 
  done by some monks or something . 
  too expensive for me . 
  clear , cheap apple and pear brandy is not good . 
  caves are very impressive . 
  the train ride inside is fast and feels like you 're often about to hit a rock . 
  bit of a tourist trap though . 
  the capital is excellent for cycling around , just do n't try and ride a gearless city bike up to the castle . 
  that was what the argentinians thought of british opinion towards the falklands . 
  look how that turned out ... 
  you were doing so well, 
  that does n't mean that 's how it is in the uk in general though . 
  most of my year group either got pregnant or got a minimum wage shop job . 
  only a couple have jobs with any future prospects . 
  your non-uni earning rates are so far off, 
  the uk has had privatised water for over 2 decades now . 
  high quality water comes out of the taps when i want it , and the pricing is not extortionate . 
  this petition seems to be trying to fix a problem that is n't there ... 
  same . 
  still not sure what the fuss is about . 
  i have no great issues with our suppliers . 
  this stereotype is wrong and boring, 
  i ca n't get the video to play properly , can anyone just explain it ? 
  i know a lot of people are , but it ca n't just be enacted without discussion . 
  not everyone joined to become part of a super state, 
  us drone pilots have the highest % of suicides and mental breakdowns of any military trade . 
  it 's caused by the disconnect , but the result on the pilots is that it effects them more as they think through the consequences of what they 've done and yet how disconnected the action was . 
  again , this comes back to what `` it '' is . 
  a mutually beneficial alliance or a fledgling super state ? 
  but this is n't about bias . 
  it 's about factual correctness . 
  qi is just highlighting the press lying . 
  the fact that it 's right wing is largely irrelevant . 
  it may encourage them to use honest arguments . 
  i 'd expect the bbc to do the same if left wing press started printing such exaggerations and lies . 
  do n't make us take our classic tv comedy back !, 
  but that joke would be terrible ... 
  well , it also shows ireland with angels , and yet guinness production began back in 1759 . 
  i conclude the map is out of date by a few centuries . 
  i do have a clue , i also have a clue about why this confusion exists and how that links to the opinion of many people who would be voting , hence my post . 
  you 're the one that looks like an ignorant twat . 
  council of europe may not equal eu , but one of the other big arguments is that european co-operation involves too many of these independent bodies and so far too much bureaucracy . 
  they are n't different enough to justify being separate from the point of view of an average voter . 
  * tories . 
  it even says that in it 's own title . 
  if you get the chance , try some dorset blue vinney . 
  it improves on stilton taking it into a new league . 
  neither the french or dutch ever had it , great cheese is really an english thing :p, 
  can i ask for context ? 
  ~ ~ edit : i 'll take that as a no then ... ~ ~, 
  sadly it 's horribly out of date . 
  / r/nottingham has 3 times as many now . 
  agreed , op had no interest in having a discussion . 
  op just wanted to prove how big their monarchy-hating dick is by waving it around on a public forum . 
  it 's from the profit the nation makes on crown lands minus the royal `` wage '' . 
  this is mostly farm profits and rental income . 
  the tourism value is significantly bigger ( see the cpg grey video for that ) . 
  and before anyone says that they should n't have the land because they only have it through being royalty , the vast majority of the land was bought via wise investment of income by the royal family over generations . 
  remove the royalty and the lands given by right , and liz will still be one of europes biggest landowners and much richer . 
  the argument that the land they bought should be taken off them is fundamentally flawed to . 
  they did not choose to be born into the positions , and taking away generations of investment of what is basically a wage would be the state stealing from individuals . 
  fairness is not about knee-jerk idiocy . 
   do n't pick and choose your king . 
  william the orange . 
  we 've done it before . 
  we can do it again ... 
  / r/unitedkingdom is actually a very active subreddit of british people discussing british things . 
  we occasionally get the odd `` i 'm an american and do n't understand .  '' thread with big things , but they do n't make up very much of the activity at all . 
  land of fist sized pebbles would make sense for dorset . 
  think of chesil beach . 
  if anywhere in the uk can claim that name it 's dorset . 
  i seem to remember some story about the amount used by the locals tribes to fight the romans at maiden hill . 
  probably fake but still ... 
  poole really has n't changed much ... 
  normal english is a highly fluid language . 
  it is whatever is useful and comfortable for the living generations . 
  it makes , takes and changes words at a fantastic rate providing the flexibility that has allowed it to spread so fast . 
  proper rules and usage is usually just an attempt at standardising this so it can be taught and discussed . 
  what is deemed proper now would be different to proper english less than a century ago . 
  a lot of student landlords like them . 
  that way they can have all the cheques written in advance when a tenancy begins .
