  yup , you break it , you buy it ... or settle with the shop keep . 
  perhaps the worst part was that gaddhafi was actually pretty good , if not great for the majority of his people ... there 's still no real proof that the libyan government was involved , but there 's every reason to believe that the cia was . 
  of course , these `` paper tiger '' things usually result in periodic , but draconian crack-downs ... actions which reinforce the original intent of the acts . 
  and deliciously german , at that !, 
  most americans do not know this , and few intelligent ones actually care . 
  look , an american who speaks for himself , just not for the us government who would certainly be rushing in the boots to keep most of ukraine as `` not russia '' . 
  if you 're making treaties that do n't benefit both parties equally , whose fault is it for making that agreement . 
  if nato and other treaties are unfair to countries that are n't the us , why make them ? 
  psst ... scotland , not `` uk '' is what we 're talking about dealing with ... an independent scotland . 
  sorry , they ai n't coming !, 
  now tell me about the eu and all it 's members when the soviets went to yugoslavia !, 
  now let me choose who i 'd rather have invading me , and from where ... a choice you do n't seem to have . 
  i 'm a lover , not a speculator ... particularly not on something that is such a finite natural resource as oil . 
  euro , sure , schengen , probably not . 
  the 12th largest economy in the eu would certainly be welcomed back . 
  and that divide will last until scotland decides to take over your vacant yellow star on the blue flag ... and with no ability , right , or authority for london to object , that could be sooner than you think . 
  after that , we wholeheartedly invite and welcome northern ireland ... 
  and if scotland wants `` into the eu '' , let the uk know we will welcome them !, 
  yes , but getting it from inbetween those various body crevices is n't going to make it any more exportable . 
  happy eating . 
  said a daft man who does n't know if he 's from hoboken or havana ... 
  all the italian students i deal with tell me that the one with `` dragon '' in it 's name is the only one worth going to , unless you 're trolling for chicks after midnight , where the girls are like the food . . cheap and fast . 
  well , wkipedia says gyros come from turkish kebab from bursa . 
  i 'm not going to split hairs , they all go . 
  easier and cheaper to load up on 1000s of items made from corn syrup and white flour with food stamps than buy fresh vegetables and unprocessed crap . 
  i think you mean `` mexico '' . 
  this american is not so smart ... tobacco is carefully cured for two to three years , not `` dried '' unless it is to be used for industrial purposes . 
  kebab removal includes the indiscriminate destruction of all kebabs , even those which changed their names to avoid detection , such as `` gyro '' . 
  kepta duona ... keeps the dentists in business , for sure !, 
  if you call stadiums of sports fans swilling bud lite and busch a beer culture , i guess you have invented it ... 
  most of these lagers are insipid , slightly sweet and dull beers , almost not worth buying . 
  when it comes to the carlsberg and kalnapilis brews , many people in lithuania are quick to just buy a can of imported german beer , which at the store is often less than half the price of the swill produced by the lithuanian conglomerates . 
  even the `` mr. hops '' , which is not so hoppy at all , and i believe named after a rabbit would be considered substandard to many american beers , but one varieyt for it 's slightly stronger alcohol level . 
  i applaud your diplomacy . 
  which is * still * better than most lithuanian `` pica '' . 
  pizza was `` invented '' long before tomatoes ever made it to europe . 
  if he speaks lithuanian , worked with people in the military , and is able , he 'll probably do pretty well . 
  this is n't the uk here . 
  people here would rather hire an afghan who can speak the language , rather than a european or otherwise that ca n't get it . 
  of course learning the language is a requirement for a long term residence card though , with the added requirement of the constitutional exam in lithuanian language ... 
  yeah , we 're talking afghans here , not russians or ukrainians who start a company in lithuania just to come here in the first place , to get visas , and all that . 
  spot on . 
  greece did not have to take imf money , but it always looks so pretty compared to angry old people , and people who were on the verge of `` retirement '' . 
  when the aftermath of the 2008 global crisis finally wound it 's way through lithuania , the country had a choice ... take the imf money , or do it the ugly way ... 
  in the end , lithuania outright cut pensions and wages ( which are still being repaid , to those that are still alive , anyways ) . 
  it finally lead to the the increasing , and now unmistakable chasm between rich and poor in the country - but we did it without the imf . 
  it used to be british tourists , but after you throw 3 or 4 repainted cheap soviet chairs into a hotel suite reserved for a stag party , and they break 3 of them , and gladly pay 70 euro to replace the `` antiques '' , it 's hard to paint them as ungenerous . 
  the baltics are actually part of europe , as in the continent , without any disagreement . 
  absinthe is shit , gets you drunk , might make you puke . 
  the.end . 
  i thought that nederlands had decrim for growing up to 4 adult plants ? 
  200 nukes , around so many cities , you figure some nuclear plants are going to be near them , and unless they shut down , you 're going to have hundreds ( ? ), 
  of uncoolable plants , with no operators , each going critical after a little while ... just * spewing * into the atmosphere in an climate where they would be impossible to fix ... likely an `` end of world '' situation as far as people are concerned . 
  i would take note that these articles are all from 2013 , i believe , and china is still not farming in ukraine . 
  with n. ireland and scotland able to consider into the eu , that 's going to be an odd alliance map ... 
  was n't jameson himself originally scottish ? 
  yeah , before 2004 , there used to be a joke : what do you call a beautiful woman in london ? 
  a tourist !, 
  lithuanian women pretty much ruined that one for the london haters . 
  of course not ... that 's why at poliklinik there are all the signs on doctor office doors reminding you to give a `` thank you '' , and not money ... 
  if you want to pick a certain doctor to do a specific surgery , or perhaps deliver a baby , it 's pretty common , despite what you might believe . 
  some people want to have , for example , the same doctors/anaestesiologists/surgeons who work at private clinics , as well as at poliklinik ... you definitely fill a voke for that . 
  so you 're a truck driver and you force hitchhikers to listen to history lectures ? 
  kadyrov clearly sees the writing on the wall ... 
  it 's been almost 20 years since the chechen wars , those `` little kids '' are getting bigger , and kadyrov sees they are well beyond his control . 
  saudis keep pushing money into wahabbists and salafists in the caucasus , and it 's another thing that kadyrov ca n't do anything about . 
  isis has been getting fighters from kadyrov 's turf . 
  he knows it , and he knows they are returning with plans and ideology . 
  they mean bad for russia and places along it 's border such as armenia and iran . 
  kadyrov 's time is running out . 
  the problems he ca n't control grow everyday , and his name is on the list of who 's in charge of these problems with `` his people '' . 
  the fact that islam is entirely decentralized scares him even more . 
  just wait until russians start to hate islam even more after a bit with the whole syria problem ... 
  keep in mind that this `` continuation of the national emergency '' essentially is a continuation of an unbroken streak of us `` national emergency '' lasting since 1979 for the us . 
  in effect , a continuous `` state of emergency '' in the us for the past 35-plus years . 
  it 's hungarian ... eu laws prevent anyone from just burying it , toxic waste and all that . 
  nice to know that france already has a `` in case of brexit , all refugees and migrants to uk , unchecked '' policy in mind . 
  go ahead ... brexit ... test france . 
  thc in a spray is gon na get you high . 
  the simple realization that drug dealing essentially has no victims ( unless they are sold to minors ) , and that without a victim , there is no crime , should be a basis for laws . 
  or stop russian train traffic to kaliningrad , or shut off the pipelines running through lithuania to kaliningrad ... 
  but all that is really last resort stuff in case of hostilities and invasion ... 
  nuclear * regional * power, 
  i learned german in a university setting ... at a university that made sure that you learned english , thoroughly . 
  i remember a sophomore asking `` what is the genitive case ? '', 
  after about five minutes of the instructor talking him down and softly mocking american public education in general , most of the class realized how little of english they actually knew . 
  no , referring to the inclusion of wapo ... 
  jeff bezos of nash holdings is jewish ? 
  or are you full of matzoh ? 
  better yet , just cut the pockets out of your pants ... 
  and pole pole dancers !, 
  almost anyone i ran into under 30 spoke english enough to have a conversation . 
  i do n't understand why some of the counties of europe do n't pull out some kind of `` return home '' plan analogous to the israeli `` right of return '' ? 
  there are simply millions in north and south america that could be tempted to migrate , given remuneration and simple housing based on education and ability . 
  of course ... the million plus in poland are simply `` economic migrants '' for whom work and earning a living has been prevented by war ... http://www.euractiv.com/section/europe-s-east/news/ukraine-rejects-polish-million-refugees-claim/, 
  world war 2 did n't end in lithuania until stalin died . 
  oh yeah , remember when the czar outlawed lithuanian language and books ? 
  how 'd that go ? 
  oh , there was always resistance ... 
  as a lithuanian , i would legalize cannabis as the best way of really reducing alcoholism in the safest way possible - through an alternative intoxicant which is essentially harmless .
