  `` visiting pubs '' and `` safe '' are odd ways of saying that every ira bomb this century has blown up in west london . 
  i 'm sure the eu would be able to send in * impartial * `` peace keepers '' for once in that region . 
  everyone has seen the steps taken by the crown in terms of `` pacification '' ... 
  heck !, 
  even wales can drop in . 
  considering the history of the past few hundred years , the anglos are probably the biggest friends of russia in europe . 
  then again , the way russia treats `` friends '' , maybe it 's better for everyone to just step back and let russia `` sort itself out '' first over then next century . 
  it 's actually kind of a strange , dark comedy about how all roads lead to russian materiel being directly responsible for the shooting down of the plane , from actual on-the-ground intelligence , and the russian social media evidence , to the cat and mouse game of discovery by investigators and russian deletion of evidence always a day late . 
  get out and shut up is the reality , not option . 
  besides that , the faster that the uk `` gets out '' , the faster scotland can get in . 
  this is all about letting the uk preserve it 's `` sovereignty '' as much as letting the nations of the uk * assert * theirs by joining the eu and taking their own paths, 
  of course scotland will leave the uk and join the eu ... most likely that northern ireland will also . 
  i think the eu would be happy to admit them quicker , and then england and wales can join , too !, 
  they 've been wonderful , homestyle failings since 1066 , though , and everybody is used to them and loves them . 
  a lot of it is even `` by appointment of '' stuff . 
  at least the ones you see where all the tourists go and where they might pass through . 
  go too far east and ... well ... 
  do n't cry , baskets , you 're not that kind of clown . 
  hell , ya ... considering most of those `` kids '' here in euro-land live with their parents up to their early thirties ... all those `` disposable relationships '' until you find either the proper match in your caste or that richer dumber potential partner . 
  this means you 're still drunk , and you still believe that some people in the country you went to gave half a ghost-white turd about your project there . 
  here , let me google translate it for you ... https://translate.google.lt/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=ru&amp;u=http://www.rbc.ru/politics/21/05/2016/57402c9a9a7947f07014cb3c%3ffrom%3dnewsfeed&amp;prev=search my apologies , we seem to be out of watercress garnish ... 
  sell them back to moscow ... it 's a much more `` capitalist '' message . 
  of course , sold to the highest bidder for destruction is always a possibility , also . 
  no , beef prices go down because you get less quality cuts ... the better and best is being exported to the us and elsewhere with the assistance of subsidies from the eu . 
  all the premium lithuanian beer does come in plastic bottles for every brand over 500 ml or one pint . 
  my point is that under the law , lithuanian beer production was put on the same importance as medicine production when one of the larger breweries threatened a strike a few years ago . 
  and if you follow macaroni sales , lithuanian macaroni , the cheap yellow kind , does n't sell very well compared to the durum production form other countries , such as italy ... most people only buy domestic macaroni when it 's sold at deep discount . 
  rice ... they do n't make it here , it sells anyways . 
  by that reasoning , the shelves in rimi should always be full of that cheap pole-brewed beer that flies off the shelves there , and those cheap cans in maxima move more than kalnapilis . 
  `` beer is n't a necessity ... '' guffaw !, 
  you are n't lithuanian enough to remember the beer wagon everday at turgus and turgelis , as well as the lines of people with bottles , bokalus , and buckets . 
  if beef `` is n't a thing here '' , please explain why lithuania sought to pursue beef exports to the us , being only one of two eu countries allowed to export to the us ? 
  explain why supermarkets would `` boast '' that their beef is from lithuania , yet only sell the cheaper grades of beef , while the better cuts are exported . 
  beef and pork both have the same shelf life , ground or as cuts . 
  `` beef is n't a thing here . '', 
  ... i 'll be sure to tell mcds , hesburg , as well as the significant number of restaurants serving steaks ... 
  i think maybe you mean `` is n't a thing amongst those who lived under soviets ... '' since most of the people eating beef are 40s and under . 
  ... followed by another not-as-small one . 
  which will be shown to be followed by another few not so small ones , to today . 
  tag, 
  even if it functions wrong , in russia it still functions ... 
  and then they earned operation barbarossa by renegging on the molotov-ribbentrop and invading the baltics , particularly lithuania , which was to remain in the german sphere ... yep , they stepped in it deep then : the world burned . 
  the difference here is that is the allegations seem true , they can certainly be proven . 
  the wada keeps samples frozen for ten years under the presumption that a nice collection of samples acts as a reliable deterrent in doping cases ... 
  i 'd expect to hear about the `` proof '' in either a negative or positive statement within three weeks . 
  coincidentally , russians have seen a 90 pct drop in disposable income in the past two years . 
  so , even if you do consider that polish taxes on food are 5 % and 8 % , while lithuania 's are 21 % , then how does that figure into an across the board cost of living which is more than 18 % in lithuania ? 
  and if it 's all vat , why , in hungary with a vat on most food ( and so many other things , like public transport ) of 25 % , can lithuania 's cost of living be 10 % higher ? 
  the big grocers are definitely afraid of lidl coming in a blowing stuff up , rimi already started their `` choose stability '' campaign , which is code for `` stay with what you know ... even if we seem to be gouging you . '', 
  you did notice that for 2016 , there is food inflation on that bar chart ... 
  i hope . 
  if you 're going to talk about the price of bread in germany , then explain why , or how germans can send 500 ml cans of beer to the lithuanian market for 0.33 or 0.50 euros each , when lithuanian beer is never even that cheap ? 
  cauliflower is actually quite cheap in the uk right now ... a `` glut '' even . 
  in lithuania , up until last couple years , there was no property tax , unless your property was like large second home , or your home is worth more than 300,000 euro , or something ... lithuania has many more homeowners per capita than , say us ... property tax is n't going to fly so well ... besides , then they would have to provide some services , like plowing the roads in the winter . 
  here in lithuania , 2nd class produce is almost the rule , certainly not the exception , and the stuff i 've seen people bringing back from their shopping trips , particularly beef , is of a much higher standard than what is at the big stores in lithuania . 
  a friend brought back skirt steak , prime ( or standing ) rib , the prices were about the same for rump here in vilnius , only that you ca n't even find these kinds of cuts in vilnius . 
  it really does depend on how the brexit crumbles . 
  no one wants any celebration for any anniversary of anything that should have never happened , anyways . 
  ni and scotland would certainly be welcome in the eu ... it 's just too bad the whole `` britain '' thing had to come with them ... 
  not from what i 'm told ... 
  i live in a country between russia , and on the weekends , russian `` tourists '' often visit , loading up their cars with boxes of processed meats , cheese and other dairy products . 
  kazakhstan is not only partly in europe , but in terms of culture is much closer to europe , also . 
  what tech and cars come from poland ? 
  ` cuz we make the same cars here , but we also make shitloads of fast lasers ( for shark applications , of course ) . 
  it 's not based on ethnicity , as it did n't say german-americans , or german-austrians , it specified citizenship . 
  they make the cheese with palm oil now ... 
  i do n't even wan na know what 's in the bread and `` salami '' . 
  they ca n't tell lithuanian from latvian ... who knows what really was going on ... or how feasible ... 
  it 's funny how those with no future want to share that with everybody . 
  remember hw long it took until well into the 1980s before there was any reporting of russian casualties in afghanistan ... less than a few hundred up until 1986 or so ? ... 
  who needs sources when people are taking pictures of everything from the graves on the edges of the cemeteries to things like this : http://noorimages.com/feature/journey-of-the-dead-from-ukraine-to-russia/ many thousands unaccounted for , or claimed dead in syria , which is a nice cover for the ongoings in ukraine . 
  nope , no sources allowed ... you know as a russian that reporting on war casualties is against the law . 
  nobody wants a border , hard or otherwise . 
  sinn fein will be the majority next election , that 's certain . 
  reunification of ireland is inevitable , and not only the changing demographics of a more catholic northern ireland will bring it , but brexit will force it . 
  we 're all headed for an anniversary that nobody wants to celebrate , particularly with a new , hard border , and the unpleasantries that that whole thing brings with it . 
  it 's inevitable , and everyone on the island will be able to deal with it . 
  it will be the best agreement made concerning the peoples involved . 
  people are realizing that there 's a `` party '' coming up that nobody wants to attend . 
  you do n't find it a bit possible that after ni voted `` stay '' on june 23 , as compared to the majority of the uk , that perhaps a lot of people of the province were quite swayed over martin mcguinness ' declaration of a `` democratic imperative '' to have an island-wide vote ( although it would probably be restricted to ni ) on reunification concerning the artificial partition ... and perhaps that this is why sinn fein has ( and will continue to ) been gaining support ? 
  it 's pretty clear that there will be some kind of vote coming up . 
  unionists do n't want , and have rejected `` special status '' . 
  a land border would be an extreme violation , basically a broken treaty between the eu `` outsider '' of the uk , and ireland , an eu state ... the sides to be taken are obvious , as are the effects on any trade ( as well as other ) agreements between the eu and the uk . 
  nobody wants an `` anniversary '' of the years that 's coming up soon , least of all the people of northern ireland , as it 's pretty clear . 
  i 'd say sinn fein winning 50 % is about as far from `` massive support for staying in the uk '' as you can get , besides a majority of votes for sinn fein . 
  but hey , your call , i guess . 
  ... only the ones that imply `` exit '', 
  it 's not even funny how a country can have a hard time dealing with russia , even though they are basically on the `` other side of the world '' yet there are people in that country that ca n't fathom having the distinct displeasure of being not only neighbors , but serial victims of them . 
  also , members of the wto agree that that decisions reached by the dispute settlement must be adhered to . 
  in most countries ( perhaps not russia , though ) this would be considered an international treaty and law . 
  something like an `` unofficial niexit poll '' should be a first step . 
  i do n't know about a special exemption concerning a border , though ... perhaps a simple reunification is possible ... as a simple partition was less than 100 years ago . 
  it 's not too late to fix the fuck up , and avoid the unpleasantry that a century anniversary will surely bring . 
  most americans did n't vote for trump ... thus , the conclusion stands based on your attempted argument . 
  smell that deliciousness ? 
  that 's niexit starting to cook !, 
  wow ... niexit seems palpable now . 
  how about weed ? 
  is weed legal in finland ? 
  ` cuz it 's gon na take a boatload of weed before i even consider getting married to guy , even a finnish one , without smoking a lot of weed ... and he 's gon na have to possess a lot of weed , too .
