  a great consideration of scotland in terms of any possible brexit ... 
  consider how northern ireland , with an actual land border to the eu , as well as more than half the population considering themselves to be irish or northern irish , and a minority claiming to be `` british '' . 
  northern ireland would stand to gain to try to remain an eu member , as it 's exports would suffer as a former member . 
  the whole point is that once a `` brexit '' occurs , and the uk is removed from the eu , then the uk would never be able to object to scotland or northern ireland ( or wales ) deciding for independence to join the eu . 
  yeah , a brexit does bring risks ... some immediate , some further ahead . 
  this is about a white ( haired ) guy , though . 
  did he * really * `` break the law '' ? 
  if you go by the relatively immediate statements of his at-the-time-but-not-yet-informed-they-were `` victims '' , it seems like anything but rape ... 
  if i was raped , i 'd know when i woke up , and i certainly would n't wax on online about my `` wonderful '' time rife with violations . 
  no , i did n't claim it would be a nuclear target , just a target , a completely attainable and valuable target . 
  in a `` limited '' ( your poor effort at a joke , sorry ) nuclear war , kaliningrad would be overrun while air defenses defended the baltics , while at the same time all gas pipelines and railways to kaliningrad would be utterly decimated . 
  any `` limited '' ( ha hah ) nuclear war would have certain `` linited '' ( ha ha ) air bursts high over estonia after any `` first '' strike to effect fallout on st petersburg . 
  anyone who deals with people , particularly younger ( under 40 ) people realize that kaliningraders certainly do not consider themselves to be `` mainlander '' russians , and the quiet , if not focused acquisitions of the oblast by ethnic germans is certainly a hint of where the future of this not-russian occupied zone is headed . 
  if you do n't think these people wan tot be art of the eu , i 'd suggest you talk to them , or , as in my case , work with them in creating eu businesses . 
  btw , i do n't know where you 're from , but there 's a reason why you ( presumably german ) did n't want it ( thought you 'd be getting some kind of money or `` deal ) in the late 1980s , and why lithuania would n't take it , in the 1950s . 
  i do n't know what `` of value '' you need as proof , but it certainly dug right underneath your thin skin !, 
  whal ... someone thought the idea of a `` limited '' theatre of war was actually some kind of feasible idea , rather than absolute folly , then someone confused de jure sovereign territory with de facto occupied territory , and then someone tried to imply that russians were not in the least bit upset that putin 's embargo has actually been decimating many kaliningrad industries which had depended upon eu materials for their livelihood , and tried to imply that kaliningraders themselves feel more `` russian '' than european , which , based on their extensive ( and technically illegal ) cross-border excursions for food and materials , as well as social purposes , is a very false assumption . 
  kaliningrad was never , according to potsdam , formally made into part of the ussr , part of why poland rush-inned and took some for themselves . 
  it was always `` something to be straightened out later ' . 
  and who said nuclear ? 
  there 's actually enough people in kaliningrad that would happily vote to become part of the eu or independent ... you know , a situation which russia would fully agree with . 
   a more realistic limited nuclear war scenario would be if russia tried to attack germany and both parties agreed to only fight nuclear war in poland , the baltics , belarus , and perhaps ukraine . 
  i highly doubt that such a scenario would be able to exclude kaliningrad as a primary , if not singular target or goal . 
  ... and once there 's enough chinese people in siberia , beijing will have to act to `` protect all chinese speakers '' in eastern russia . 
  this is a nice story . 
  it 's nice that israel really thinks they are `` something '' in today 's world , besides a little second-world land of strife . 
  i bet it was as `` cannabis-based '' as much as `` synthetic marijuana '' has anything to do with real cannabis . 
  not true . 
  ireland has been using kilometers on signs for almost 20 years now . 
  look at where the article originated from , and then look at their board of directors ... you 'll understand . 
  i 'll sit here and pretend this nest of neo-con daddy-warbucks-wannbees has any real knowledge or acuity concerning the baltics , other than that they could be pushed into giving up many $ billions to the carlyle group , raytheon , general dynamics , or anyone who can build a gun . 
  actually , no , i wo n't . 
  i just figure that if russia were to do anything like invade lithuania , or elsewhere in the baltics , all electricity distribution going to kaliningrad , as well as all the gas pipelines to kaliningrad , would probably be destroyed by patriotic baltic `` terrorists '' with no connection to the local governments . 
  world war 2 continued in lithuania until the day of stalin 's death . 
  like when a big store closes for reorganization , changes name , and same old shit business continues ... 
  as if russia buys it 's drugs from the west , let alone the eu or the us ... more generics come from india . 
  one of the only reasons for the eu products ban that putin has imposed is mainly for shielding the russian public from an everyday reminder of how far the rouble has been constantly degraded over the past two years , from somewhere around 35 to $ to now 70 to $ . 
  imagine how angry they will be once the embargo is over and they see how much a piece of cheese that is n't made out of palm oil costs . 
  they already did once , or twice , depending on how you look at it . 
  the koran prescribes no certain punishment for using alcohol ... the lightest of hadd sentences is usually prescribed , and only for the most flagrant and habitual offenders . 
  name checks out ... 
  in the end , many of these refugees will assimilate . 
  many of the migrants and others will end up in forgotten rural spain doing what they know how , only under a central government . 
  albania ? 
  they aready have the lights on and prices in euros for those who are buying it part and parcel right now . 
  germany has a way of `` showing people the door '' if they ca n't be dealt with , if they are poor , or refuse to assimilate ... they are made to leave . 
  be it elsewhere in europe , or to americas , or wherever . 
  well , for * some * of you , it will seem `` iron '' . 
  for those with skills , money and those that can integrate , you 're always welcome , or so the natives would say . 
  you guys should just get in on the same deal as the baltic countries - do n't even buy planes , just have other countries defend your airspace for you using f-16s and eurofighters !, 
  it 's actually a loan . 
  sure , you get a discount , but there are some sticky points to being in an alliance . 
  dude , i 'll go along with you and pretend that an online petition is actually some kind of accountable measure of some kind of democracy that is fair , can only be voted on by residents or citizens of the target population , and can not be `` rigged '' by outsiders , multiple voters , or the proponents . 
  well ... not really , but would n't that be cool . 
  no , you 're thinking russia and the soviets , under the whole policy of `` russification '' . 
  basically russia would make russian the `` official language '' and then settle the area with russians at the expense of local people , labor and resources , whether it was the 19th or the 20th century . 
  the germans pretty much left language alone , and they knew that there was plenty of open space in central and eastern europe . 
  russia tends to play `` the same old games '' according to the `` same old changing rules '' ... they just get really , really angry when everyone figures out the hows and whens of when they change the rules . 
  it does n't work anymore . 
  so the russians make ethnic russian leave , for russia ... eventually `` crypto-ukrainians '' ( russian surname , ukrainian loyalty ) move in ... democracy , as a european human right , restores order . 
  gudenov for me . 
  please , this is / r/europe ... you have baptists and mormons to deal with on your own doorstep . 
  do n't preach here . 
  those women choose to wear burqas . 
  no , being an `` idealist '' is hard . 
  simple realizations are quite easily applied , and these people do not want to admit that there are `` simple realities '' in play here . 
  an ' he 's got a rock song for him , too !, 
  of course !, 
  then everyone can say `` russia , go home and play in your own yard ! '', 
  once and for all . 
  `` we would n't say anything about it ... '' if probably by the virtue of not speaking whatever backwards , unintelligible communication system the barbarians might employ . 
  affirmed . 
  bringing plenty of sandwiches . 
  so it all ends up in a british court , and russia already has altered its laws to ignore rulings by foreign courts ... 
  besides the obvious precedent in `` odious law '' cases , all of what 's said - all other creditors agreed to the haircut , as well as what is n't going to be mentioned - russia annexed crimea after starting a war in ukraine ... the court should act upon the history of contempt that russia has concerning international obligations . 
  yet all police there are union members , hang out and socialize at ( many of ) the same clubs , and if you notice , you certainly do n't read or see anything about `` good cops '' turning in the `` bad cops '' . 
  you can certainly lump all the feds into one group of police and the local police and sheriff 's officers into another group ... or `` club '' . 
  there certainly is an underlying culture of most who get into law enforcement in the us , the mainstream of it being former military who could simply never acquire enough marketable skills . 
  it 's also known that civilian police actually actively exclude the most intelligent people from it 's ranks . 
  it may seem really petty , even childish , but this story illustrates pretty much how the kgb worked in the ussr ... same `` reliable information '' found through gossip , lies , broken romances , scorned lovers , opened mail , family rows ... from everyday lives to workplace goings on , and financial stuff , too . 
  my wife 's family often relates the story to me of how the neighborhood kgb liaison officer actually stopped in my fils workplace to discuss the allegation that his daughter was seen in school in possession of ten roubles ( a considerable sum in 1978 ) !, 
  as if any company in russia could afford to have it 's trucks repaired outside of russia with the rouble at 80 or so to a euro . 
  there are many fish in the sea of belarus . 
  even the rare varskes fish . 
  never met a `` cat lady '' , huh ? 
  parliamentary elections in 2014 got less than a 40 % turnout ... ukraine is n't even on the map in a fries - or pancake-eating country . 
  the way it looks , there is a slim chance you 'll get 50 % of people to vote ... at least you 'll have the t-shirt `` i voted no to ukraine , and the eib reminded me i 'm no one '' . 
  c'mon , i 'll give a crap for moscow ... where do i send it ? 
  because ukraine has been leveraged towards working with ` the west '' and has a serious political and social motivation to do so , while russia often invents reasons to excuse noncompliance , exerts simple belligerence , or uses an internal dialogue that it 's own international agreements as a wto member are somewhat of a joke ? 
  it 's kind of like asking why you do n't get your car 's brakes repaired at the guy who might cost you more in the end , as opposed to the guy who keeps your car for a week , charges you the rate , and you find out that nothing was done . 
  you might believe that everything is fine with china , at least until your only choices for shopping are the huge costco that put all the smaller stores out of business , and the neighborhood chinese-owned `` everything 's a dollar '' store that sells shit that is basically trash . 
  if that 's what you want ... 
  russia is n't going to miss the olympics over any ` doping '' scandal ... putin just has n't announced his made-up , reactionary , pigeon/chicken shit reason for russia `` boycotting '' the olympics . 
  ( edit ) yet . 
  outside the fact that several times this past year , many people have gone to sleep at night in georgia and woke up behind the newly moved russian border , no , nothing to worry about . 
  most kids in lithuania do n't go to kindergarten until they 're around three ... when the three years of state payments for the mom or dad staying home to take care of the kid runs out . 
  i 've spent six of the last 9 years doing just that . 
  no , same virus , just dormant in the body for years , then reactivated . 
  so your kids have to have their teeth checked , eyes checked and get a physical before they can get into school , but they do n't have to be vaccinated ? 
  my kids are both in school , and i was led to believe that vaccinations are mandatory ... not that i would n't make my kids get them , anyways .
