  well , rumor has it you import from the baltics ... http://l24.lt/en/economy/item/140597-finnish-dairy-farmers-worried-about-growing-milk-import-from-baltics . 
  no , but they did n't have as much to lose from the sanctions , which is the point . 
  also , while finnish exports to russia were nearly equivalent to lithuania , and may have even exceeded national production , percentage wise , much of the product exported by finland was in fact not of finnish origin , merely processed in finland . 
  first , it 's the percentage of the economy in the relevant country , second , it 's that the sanctions affected the primary ( actually only ) country of import ... it 's not like there were secondary markets to quickly or instantly shift towards . 
  these companies did n't have other places to send their product to , even for storage . 
  while finland does export a lot of dairy , particularly cheese , they did n't match the exports of butter and other dairy products to russia , and russia was the primary importer , almost a unique importer , of baltic-produced dairy products before the embargo . 
  considering that lithuania did produce more russia exports , and that finland has approx 5 times the land area , lithuania lost much more due to the embargo . 
  it could be the commie blocks that are clad on the outside with new insulation and exterior ... 
  here 's what a real 1960s `` commie block '' looks like in 2012 : http://i.imgur.com/5idkptc.jpg look at it 's unrenovated sister behind her ... of course , you might not know what a `` commie block '' really looks like ... 
  this registration is also used to determine where children may enroll in schools ... a child is required to go to schools near home , rather than parents choosing schools that may be believed to be `` better '' , in terms of teachers , quality of subject matter or funding, 
  he maybe a nationalist , but i guess that would mean he has russia 's ( the country and the population 's ) best interests as priorities ... if that 's the case , a lot of shit would shut down and locked back up , quick . 
  quite laughable threat ... `` if russia is pushed to fascism ... '' fucking joke ... russia ca n't even provide enough food for it 's entire population on it 's own , and has very little industry outside of mineral extraction and natural resources , which are already held and operated by the oligarchs under what would clearly be called a fascist control scheme . 
  even when the pump of foreign investment was on full , russia could n't even stand on it 's own feet . 
  the fact is that russia is as fascist as it possibly be , without borrowing to `` buy it 's own economy '' , or perhaps invading one , which would probably ruin it , defeating the purpose to begin with ... eastern ukraine , for example . 
  sadly , so few people today in russia know much of anything about their country outside of what they 're allowed to see on tv , or on the quite insular russian internet . 
  and they know , or are willing to accept as fact , even lees about the truth and history of the ussr ... a country that was never invaded or attacked , but left to die by it 's own means . 
  so , she went to brussels and wanted to discuss some trivial matter that concerns only london , and referenced to a point in time when the uk is no longer even part of the eu ? 
  no , that 's not on the agenda . 
  brussels will send you what the rights of uk citizens are ... perhaps after we concur on several points with the us ... the uk allows in an awful lot of terrorists . 
  iran is ( or was , until irrelevant president ) becoming the us ' best girlfriend in the middle-east , again . 
  that 's pissing sa and israel of mightily . 
  sa is number 4 ... the uk , france and others are behind them . 
  i thought ni voted against ( remain 55.8 % ) brexit ? 
  maybe belfast and london need to have brexit talks ... or maybe belfast and dublin can have their own discussion about not wanting brexit , and the possible remedy for avoiding any kind of border whatsoever . 
  maybe just let ni `` put it all to a vote '' once and for all ... 
  why would they ? 
  the reaction from girls/women upon seeing a circumcised penis there is negative enough . 
  correlating with a rise in crypto-nazi trump voters . 
  as far as americans go , some forty years ago they were extracting interleukins and other immunochemicals from foreskins for research , and i guess there were many doctors who were jewish that were pushing people to get thins kind f thing done . 
  in a small town , i was one of perhaps three boys in my school grade that were n't circumcised . 
  for the first few years in physcal education , other boys thought we were the `` weirdos '' because , as they found out later , their mommies and daddies let some sicko cut of parts of their pee-pee . 
  you * knew * / u/just _ juke was going to get his ass handed to him ... 
  you must admit that after about twenty-five years of practice , while they may have become slightly more adept and effective , they just do n't seem to learn that much for much as they try . 
  it will certainly be a hilarious clusterfuck of comedy when during russia 's next elections , putin will be exclaiming that everyone is trying to disrupt russia from every direction , and i would assume they 'll get a rather harsh lesson in how to conduct such operations . 
  from boston , you 're wrong . 
  yup , common knowledge to anyone who 's either been educated in english literature and composition , or in sciences , like chemistry or laboratory biology . 
  if i had my hands on a stopcock , i would expect to be fitting it right into a suitable bunghole , if i was n't already working it to give release . 
  if you want to be polish , speak polish , go to a polish school , the road south is just over there . 
  if you want to get your `` polish card '' , fine , that and a couple of euros will get you a happy meal to soothe yourself . 
  those families that `` lived there for hundreds of years ... '' lived in lithuania . 
  poles did n't mind much doing it to germans `` after independence '' granted by stalin when they agreed to the oder-neisse line ... 
  i guess they can just as easily accept this , too , as if they have any choice . 
  the borders are drawn , each republic has their laws . 
  i do n't discriminate against poles , i just want the to realize they live in lithuania , and must learn lithuanian language , and be lithuanian citizens . 
  it is a simple idea of civic identity , which is the opposite of getting your `` polish card '' and saying that vilnius is polish . 
  and when you say that the danger is from russia , that is understood ... especially when it is known that moscow was behind all the funding for the polish separatist movement based in salcininki in the 1990s ... so sad they decided to take kremlin money , and forever stain their movement . 
  we have given rights to ethnic minorities for literally hundreds of years , from ethnic tatars , to kairaims ( who were basically given their own town , land , and titles hundreds of years ago ) , to jews , who were given the full rights undermagdeburg laws , and who never had problems with lithuanians ( only russians in the late 19thc ) , and some thing that happened as the nazis came to town and started handing out `` status '' . 
  one can even look at the recent refugees/migrants , who were getting more money than pensioners who helped try to make the country a good place to live . 
  poles were never a problem until the whole `` wilno '' thing . 
  i do n't think they 're putting chinese characters on uk passports ... 
  well , there ai n't no `` wilno '' no more , and there is a vilnius . 
  in lithuania . 
  forever . 
  of proof in where database names . 
  god forbid someone from the uk would actually choose between `` having their cake , and eating it , too '' !, 
  we took refugees ... they took off ... 
  is it true they use sour grapes to make polish whine ? 
  so your country will place proper chinese characters on official documents for chinese who become citizens ? 
  swedish is an exception , being that it is almost mutually intelligible with dane and norwegian . 
  good ... then let the polish minority pick up the bill for the remedial english and gaelic instruction for their kids first . 
  well ... let 's just say about 14 % of the world speaks spanish with any competency , and realize that if we use `` with any competency '' as a measure , then more people in the world speak english . 
  yeah , most us school districts offer spanish and french , some offer german , also , but the choice really comes down to the size of the school district . 
  a lot also has to do with the regional history of the area where the school is , also . 
  vermont ( even a french name ) has many french families that have lived there for hundreds of years . 
  you mean in 1938 66 % of the people * spoke * polish and 28 % were speaking yiddish or hebrew exclusively . 
  even throughout the whole of poland the population of vilnius city at the time was almost evenly divided between jews and poles . 
  the question of language was posed to be divisive . 
  isbn 83-05-12769-9 . 
  you can visit , but you ca n't be born into it . 
  yeah , you say that now ... you ca n't believe the bullshit that comes later : once enough polish people live in , or even visit a town , they want the fuckin street names to have polish signs , too , and god forbid you ever ask them to teach irish so the polish refugees will already know how to speak once they get to ireland ... !, 
  fried potatoes were first cooked by the spanish and portugese , long before the french made it to rio . 
  no , in the us they call `` flemish fries '' something like `` steak-cut fries '' or `` steak fries '' ... 
  if they were called `` flemish fries '' nobody would eat them , because nobody there knows where flanders is ( besides the guy from springfield ) , and if they did know where it is , they would assume that you guys still cook them with horse grease . 
  vodka made from potatoes does n't count . 
  vodka comes from grain ... nobody ever made the mistake of making vodka from potatoes until the mid 17th century . 
  yeah ... last summer it * almost * got to 33 c. . . almost 92 f. we 're `` lucky '' that we only get maybe four or five days like that per year , maximum . 
  ohhhh ... `` af '' - `` as finland '' ... now i understand ... 
  well , we do n't have legal beer breaks , like in bavaria , dude . 
  because you can buy a bottle of strong ( 7.5 % ) german beer in lidl ? 
  of course it does ... billboards by bus stops have posters that read `` do n't be a slave to alcohol '' , or do n't be caught in alcohol 's trap '' ... all done by sports stars whose teams are sponsored by ... alcohol producers . 
  the ban on alcohol discounts only meant a `` race to the bottom '' . 
  now where a bottle of local sparkling wine was 6 euro , it is common to see it for 3.50 euro . 
  it 's not so much about a ban on discounts , as much as a ban on * advertised * discounts . 
  there is a minimum price for every brand by the government ... this all was ade law before the recent elections . 
  but the us makes sure to have a `` coalition of the criminals '' . 
  it 's not what you do , but who you do it with . 
  this ai n't the place to build your support grooup . 
  who 's the `` non-native '' you 're writing about ? 
  ... and then you ca n't even spell `` colorblind '' correctly . 
  sheesh , 300 million plus native speakers of english get it right everyday . 
  you even find the proper spelling in most indian and australian websites . 
  stop being so `` olde fashioned '' . 
  you speak more than i 'm gon na try ... 
  this is exactly why belarus pretends to be lithuanian and not polish . 
  just prior to eu accession it used to be called `` parmesanas '' . 
  culture , like the split of the roman empire ? 
  ... along religious lines . 
  it 's also information that is at least two years old ... try it today , i would bet that like everywhere else , people wise up ... 
  countdown to 1962 starting ... n. ireland should abandon the sinking ship while the lifeboats are still there . 
  putin 's underlings : `` seer vcoosnah ! '',
