  which is who booed , because the rules makes sure that home and away team tickets are sold separately . 
  no , the article specifically read `` turks '' . 
  please , read before you embarass yourself next time . 
  you can always link the kurds poll , even though you might be surprised and demoralized when you find it . 
  so eu citizens working in the uk should not have to pay any taxes , including vats while they work in the uk , as they can not expect to get any services for their taxes . 
  sounds abso-f ` n-lutely fair !, 
  the post-modern , post-soviet semi-autobiography of a drunken misogynist asshole ( yeah , so many here to begin with ) in lithuania after independence . 
  if you like bukowski , you might enjoy some of rudokas . 
  a true work of contemporary literary realism . 
  lithuanians do smile , just not in between our daily drinking binges . 
  of course $ 50k per year is n't so much , especially when a root canal procedure can run you $ 1800 easy . 
  there 's also that state and federal taxes that average out to be about 25 % or your pay . 
  russia 's entire raison d'etre seems to be based on it 's continued threat of destruction by the west , with that the reason for it 's militarization and it 's clinging to the perpetual threats of using nuclear weapons in it 's defense of its ' offensive and quite bellicose foreign policy and treatment of it 's neighbors and former ussr vassal states . 
  it 's no wonder that moscow is insulted by `` the west '' making early calls based on intelligence that islamic militants bombed a russian plane out of the sky right in putin 's face on his watch . 
  with the russian people seeing where their favorite `` leader '' has brought them , into a foreign war against a stateless enemy who simply does n't fear any use of nuclear weapons , and one that russia has no influence or even power of threats against ... one that is very likely made up of fellow countrymen as well as people in countries long considered `` allies '' . 
  of course , putin the `` master of chess '' has anticipated this current situation ... 
  i usually ship things by buses ... there 's usually some similar company near the main bus station in almost any city . 
  they take the package , find a bus going wherever , and get it loaded on there . 
  i often send boxes from vilnius to spain , uk , france and italy . 
  it 's cheaper than post or courier . 
  exactly ... as israel does not even have defined borders . 
  and a few wealthy people who hire them and depend on treating them like slaves to make more money . 
  wow ... it 's funny to hear how it is when the shoe 's on the other foot , in comparison to threats to shut off russian gas . 
  when will they just up and change over all the railroad tracks to make the russians buy all new eu-standard trains to supply kaliningrad ? 
  you 'd figure the eu would be all behind it to sell some trains . 
  essentially ineffective against modern russian tanks ... but other stuff , yeah . 
  i would say something in terms of suicide and catholicism , but most of the people doing this are n't catholics , at least in terms of practice , anyways . 
  ` round here , they say if it do n't smell like bread when you rub it inbetween your finger tips , then it is n't good . 
  i 'm sure that mendeleev 's alcohol ratio of 37.5 % has something to do with it , though . 
  yes , that fragment of the less-than-10 % that is in opposition to putin could certainly make their claim and not have it published in any of a number or kremlin-censored media outlets . 
  oh , you were talking about pressure ? 
  there is none to be found ... not even at the guarded edge of the graveyard . 
  russia would do exactly what `` the west '' wants because they want to be part of `` the west '' . 
  they do know that china aims to pick up everything east of siberia , including the arctic claims . 
  it 's just so * delicate * , you know ? ... 
  yup ... 2012 . 
  welcome to 2015 . 
  happy fucking new year !, 
  ... we 're talking sudokucide here ... nothing that commits you to eternal limbo , just an earthly , temporary one . 
  that 's the point ... let it all get to the level of late 1970s `` national enquirer '' or `` the star '' tabloid covers and headlines ... shit , after years of lead and mercury poisoned `` journalists '' , what do people think whenever you see a headline marked `` pravda.ru '' ... nothing in the least bit serious , relevant , or remotely true . 
  so , fuck over the poorest of the poor , through the people who have been fucking them over for eu money since whenever they could fucking get it , while saying `` fuck all '' to the fucking law in the backwaters of fucking nowhere ... 
  this is the kind of shit that left unresolved leads to shooting feuds and bad feelings for centuries , particularly in the region that it 's taking place . 
  hang the fucking bankers , or at least hold each and everyone of them personally responsible for the shit they have knowingly been sowing . 
  i would rather the tales grow taller and more wild ... something like `` americans want cheburekas more than big macs or tacos . '', 
  i 'll defend the stupidity of the people who buy into the whole rt and putin thing until they die from `` homemade samogon '' produced from industrial cleaners . 
  which is acceptable in a predominantly catholic country . 
  but it 's new in the us ... they 're trying hard to sink to our shorter lifespans to save their economy by taking the crap food eastern europe has to offer . 
  just wait until mcds has the mcchebereka . 
  remember , way back from the 50s through the 70s , the us actually invested heavily in developing afghanistan through the helmand and arghandab valley authority , which was one of the reasons why the soviets tried to overrun and wreck the place in 1979 . 
  so the country that no one knows where it is would become the country that no one knows what it is ... good plan . 
  '' ... the us is a democratic constitutional state ... '' the danish pm is wrong on so many levels here . 
  the fact that the nsa was actually breaking the law against spying on us citizens is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  i read something like `` nordic countries * and * estonia '' . 
  someone was very careful in the choice of words ... estonia , nordic ... as if . 
  should this question really be more of a question comparing degrees of racism between celtic culture and slavic culture ? 
  ... or `` vacationing '' military personnel . 
  more than 75 % of russia 's potatoes are grown basically in people 's backyards and summer gardens . 
  russia last year imported more than 200 million euros worth of potatoes from egypt . 
  russia is the world 's largest importer of butter and cheese , and is second only to china in total dairy imports . 
  in 2013 , before the sanctions year , russia imported about $ 40 million worth of food , against exports of about $ 15 million . 
  about 40 % of all the food eaten in russia is imported , including about 70 % of fruit . 
  a disturbing indicator of russia 's food problem is that about 80 % of all cheese being sold in russia is counterfeit - made from palm oil . 
  now tell me all about the `` bad '' the us had done in afghanistan prior to the soviet aggression and invasion ... did you know the soviet actions in afghanistan were due to things like the us-sponsored ( and invested in ) project called `` the helmand and arghandab valley authority . '', 
  look it up , and learn . 
  because pumpkins are ... american . 
  obviously , they told their superiors at the airbase ... 
  i 'd consider nato officers to be `` authorities '' . 
  and how does the head of the estonian air force even have time to be on facebook ? 
  he should be keeping track of his two jets !, 
  in lithuania , we only have one jet , and that keeps our guy busy , and up late at night . 
  i think the police get some kind of bonus if they actually get to charge someone with racism crime , particularly people in public shouting or insulting others . 
  yeah , when the baltics were about to join the eu and nato in 2004 , there were plenty of anti-nato protesters ... mostly french students . 
  you know that the ones doing this stuff are russians , and not estonians ... give the airmen `` carte blanche '' to defend themselves , let them make hay with the punks . 
  yeah he might ... ... well , bomb them or send guys in tanks after them , right ? 
  it 's true ... americans will do those crappy jobs , and for little pay . 
  the high incarceration rate , social and legal stigma against convicts and former prisoners guarantees a sizable workforce that is all but compelled to work lower-tier occupations . 
  turkey is an american bird ... enjoy that `` alien concept '' . 
  well , unlike a lot of other places , for gaelic people the plague was kind of a party , since it hit the anglo invaders harder than the `` natives '' ... so ireland 's history is a bit happier than yours . 
  odd ... since all saint 's is actually a three-day celebration . 
  it 's `` pushed onto kids '' so that they dress in costumes , realizing that witchcraft , ghosts , and other supernatural stuff is utter crap and superstition , thus removing any power from the whole `` fear '' thing that these ideas may possess . 
  at some of the little kids ' schools they dress in costumes and parade in the school . 
  no trick-or-treating ... yet ... but give it ten years when all those lithuanian migrants return from ireland and uk with their kids . 
  i guess i 'll just agree with the kid , because i know that if i , a pasty-looking european guy openly walked around in some arabic or muslim country in a rock and roll t-shirt and jeans or shorts , it would be my own fault for getting beaten , assaulted or worse ... understandably . 
  just as it would be any obviously middle-easterners fault for getting assaulted or discriminated against anywhere in europe or the us ... right ? 
  you do n't see belarussian government sources saying they are `` the real poles '' , as opposed to them claiming to be `` the real lithuanians '' ... 
  i would take that as a significant slighting of your situation . 
  and despite the 2008 downturn , rejecting any imf `` assistance '' , and all while flatly rejecting any form of `` austerity '' ... although the rich did get richer , and the poor did and still do suffer . 
  user flair does not check out . 
  true ... if you burn down the house that you live in , a tent is a more than gracious accommodation . 
  the answer being realized is to get them to realize what they will get is not what they want ... do they want to go back to where they live and make things better , or do they want to live as a servile population ? 
  outside of that , * refugees * have no choice . 
  bite the bullet or bite the pillow . 
  if you like beer with ghost dust in it from ancient buildings . 
  i will admit , some of it is tasty , but some does taste like a few ghosts flew through it . 
  eh , not in the eu where we actually have traveler 's rights by law . 
  i always have to give a form of id for verification when flying upon check-in ... all airlines in the eu ( and schengen ) are required to get specific types of identification or `` valid travel documents '' from air passengers ... security and all . 
  russia has the world 's second largest immigrant population ... sure , most are ethnic russian to some degree , but it 's a fact . 
  the germans got punished ... are you saying we should just let ethnic cleaning slide ? 
  i think not . 
  it 's about time to conclude potsdam with treaties .
