  they only had pomegranate . 
  frisco used to be in the bigger stores up until around three years ago . 
  they had cherry , orange , lemon , pomegranate and some other flavors ... you might be able to find some in kiosks - there are a couple in vilnius that sell the orange and pomegranate . 
  but yeah , you 'd have to be pretty much lithuanian to know or remember what it is or was . 
  why would ireland leave the eu at this point ? 
  every day from now until brexit is another day closer to a possible reunification ... moreso than any other time in the last 95 plus years !, 
  i was n't here ... came after the stink was cleaned . 
  you mean mercenaries and other privateers . 
  you mean like when they sent tens of thousands of planes , tanks and other stuff to russia beginning in 1941 ? 
  yeah ... unpredictable . 
  if russia gets pushed out and ukraine has even a temporary control of it 's borders , that would be huge , and result in an invasion of european , and likely us troops and hardware . 
  the east may not be huge on kiev , but they are even less enthusiastic about continued oppression by brigands and the continued disruption f what was a pretty decent living . 
  anyone saying that brexit is going to be a disaster no one expected , and then not mentioning a pending irish reunification , perfectly illustrates how people do n't understand how badly it 's going to end up . 
  are you saying that they actually hold israeli passports , or that by being jewish and * entitled * to israeli passports makes them dual nationals ? 
  so we 're going to just keep it in london ? 
  postage due . 
  it 's like camping ... when you leave , pack your shit and trash out with you . 
  proud of defeating nazis , not so proud that they wo n't admit that they could not have done it without the tens of thousands of tanks , planes , trucks and billions of dollars worth of materiel sent by the us under lend/lease ... that they did n't even repay . 
  not like anyone there would have had the capacity to appreciate art ... 
  unbelievable !, 
  yawn ... just keep the line on russia for a few more years ... more electric/hybrid cars , more solar infrastructure , and more eu lng terminals to pop up . 
  well , at least around 2022 russia will be self-sufficient in terms of feeding it 's own people , and that will be a big moment for them to celebrate ... of course they 'll be exporting then for hard currency . 
  with poland 's suspension from voting , * progress * could certainly be made in several areas . 
  yes , it 's been worse , but no , not in your lifetime . 
  as if refugees are streaming towards poland on purpose ... you 'd think that after all those polish refugees fled to uk , ireland and spain in the past few years , that they would consider differently . 
  well , northern ireland can start to figure out where they 're going ... back to the 1960s with britain , or forward with the eu . 
  has may said they 're going to build a wall and make ireland pay for it , yet ? 
  okay , the uk has the steering on the `` right side '' , but they drive on the wrong side . 
  the clothes from lidl are one shade away from disposable or `` destroyed in laundry '' . 
  more than 60 % of moldovans oppose reunification with transnistria due to russia influence in the region . 
  sure , the president may be pro-russian , but the prime minister is pro-eu integration . 
  written in true high school french . 
  the american public education system is not yet a failure . 
  yes , the aborigines do make it a nice place , despite the barbarians attempts to flood , poison , and otherwise eradicate them . 
  ah de gaulle ... he would stick the americans with a hatpin even if it meant getting a fist up france 's ass ... 
  russia actually pays their troops in transnistria ... they give the place `` free gas '' , but they were n't paying pensions or even some salaries until the place started sending gazprom payments for the `` free '' gas . 
  forcing the locals to accept the rule of brigands and the black market as well as the corruption that comes with it is modus operandi in these stalled occupations . 
  really . . 1600 troops . 
  close the railway and roads from ukraine , and have the ukrainians watch their west coast and apply pressure ... rats will flee . 
  belatus actually kept their soviet republic flag , as well as institutions . 
  this would be very boring and painful to watch . 
  that 's belarus . 
  a few years back , many lithuanians refused to accept their fag and gay plates . 
  no , you 're thinking `` down under '' ... auschwitzerland , where the `` aussies '' live . 
  in lithuania , obtaining another citizenship automatically cancels your lithuanian citizenship . 
  failure to report results in fines and law problems . 
  of course , if you worked for a period of time , you 'd lose your pension rights , also . 
  you can reapply for lithuanian citizenship after renouncing only once . 
  did you check to see how many years ( yes , years ) it will take before you are not required to pay us income tax after renunciation ? 
  sooner or later the folks in tiraspol will ultimately get sick of the `` no pensions , no social services , no `` real '' passport , no `` real '' country '' thing and leave russia behind . 
  the russian economy really ca n't afford to absorb the population , and that 's been the case for 20 years . 
  wow ... that 's your take ? 
  all i got was pretty much rambling bullshit , and the cart left a trail of it to follow . 
  you do n't interrupt crazy , you let it roll on , and they did !, 
  nobody wants to be the mouthpiece to the truth ... particularly one that could result in so much anger and possible violent reaction . 
  how do you implicate a large branch of a major religion as well as the entire government that protects and owns it 's holy sites , as well as provides most of the funding for terrorism and building it 's foreign houses of worship as outright global terrorist supporters and actors ? 
  the us has to train it 's dogs in such a manner that they can quickly attack each other , when needed . 
  it 's why it used to be about arming egypt , the sauds , and israel at the same time . 
  kaliningrad was never taken up at potsdam ... technically , it 's still debatable how to sort that out . . 
  they voted `` stay '' ... sinn fein support is suggested to be up to 40 % ... sleeping well on that pillow ? 
  a gyro is a kebab . 
  i 'll go with delicious curd cheese over potatoes ... y' know , that good lithuanian varske that you guys are n't allowed to have under the putin . 
  technically , turkey is n't europe , or else it would be , but it ai n't . 
  that 's what i tell my wife . 
  `` litwa '' in polish means `` heaven '' , where the spirits of good poles wish to go when they die . 
  `` lietuva '' is that place , but god does n't allow them in there . 
  he sends them to belarus where they claim to be the `` original '' lithuanians . 
  no , more like crepes than pancakes ... the `` cakes '' part invokes rising , as through baking soda or powder ... like the pancakes of west . 
  when you make a shit sandwich for all of the uk , and go through all that trouble to do it , you have to figure out how to get everyone to understand that they have to at least take a nice bite . 
  the sad part is that the `` exit '' crowd was n't calling it a `` shit sandwich '' to begin with , and told everyone it would be made with sweet eu-made nutella from the start . 
  an enema dispenser !, 
  i guess it only runs hot or cold . 
  except when you consider that the flipside of yellow journalism is outright ( acknowledged ) government propaganda . 
  at least as much as the french do , anyways ... 
  '' * were * '' ? ... 
  if so many people have left lithuania , and no one is coming here , why has n't the real estate market felt the `` glut '' of apartments and housing ? 
  why are n't there more jobs open for those who have stayed ? 
  i live in a part of vilnius well away from the center , and in the playgrounds here there are plenty of lithuanian kids who actually speak some irish , spanish , and english whose parents went ot work in the `` west '' and returned to buy 250,000 $ apartments and small houses . 
  yet in the neighborhood next to me , in many apartments are registered to have 3 or 4 people per bedroom , when they just do n't really live there ? 
  when it changes , people will have just figured out what has been happening here for the past twnty-some years . 
  i live in lithuania . 
  200 $ notes are common use in grocery stores here . 
  sell them for 600 $ each on ebay , or to some kind of other interested party . 
  there is no scots word for `` wholesome '' , but i 'm okay with that , and certainly ai n't gon na throw stones in this case . 
  yeah , but considering most of scotland voted `` stay '' ( in the eu ) , we have to figure that is what it means . 
  only that it 's noticeably in the wrong on this matter . 
  sventoji is nice , too . 
  kind of like palanga , but less of `` them '' which makes it so much nicer !, 
  yup ... if russia hurries up , they can get kicked out of lithuania a third ( oh , fourth time if you include the german one ) time in 100 years !, 
  come and get it , you gluttons for punishment !, 
  free curd cheese snacks for the first battalion !, 
  oh , the drinking of `` cosmetic spirits '' is already common in some economic and anti-social substrata of society here . 
  why are they so afraid of the rest of the world ? 
  and when that all runs out ... 
  let 's just call it `` gira '' ferment it to 2 % , and let kids drink it !, 
  no , here 's the chewbacca defense : yawwwwwn . 
  you 're boring and make shit up . 
  the scots , as opposed to the britons , also voted to stay in the eu . 
  there is no fantasy of `` the collapse of other states '' , i like to think of the reunification of some states , and the restoration of sovereignty of others ... if a state were to `` collapse '' , that would be more about it 's own people and policies , which is the track the uk has chosen . 
  of course the bbc put it so low , as an arm of the british gvernment , it would be in their interest to downplay this .
