  i dig , it does look like a fractal , just splitting hairs ( mainly ) and dropping some information . 
  i think it looks a lot cooler than most of the ( real ) fractal images dropped on / r/lsd , to be sure, 
  the fibonacci sequence you can eat . 
  ftfy . 
  no , while it is representative of a fibonacci sequence , that pattern is not a fractal . 
  well , i hope some of thepolish separatists in lithuania can see this and realize they are n't even taken seriously outside of lithuania , either . 
  they can always go to poland to not have abortions ... where they do n't have them . 
  of couorse scotland will demand another referendum ... brexit is a game-changer . 
  the biggest problem was that scotland would be out of the eu with britain stopping it 's eu membership . 
  with britain out of the eu , there is really no one who would object to stop scotland from joining ( except maybe spain ) . 
  and then there 's that northern ireland problem for the uk ... 
  wtf ... know lithuanian uses nominative , accusative , genitive , instrumental , dative , locative , and vocative , but the is also the dual , with `` abu '' i call this chart `` false '' . 
  my friend , a dentist , absolutely loves the kepta duona . 
  fried bread good ... shit mayo/cheese mixture bad . 
  real cheese sauce good . 
  or that men got worked a lot harder in the ussr and have been dying a lot earlier than women are right now ? 
  really , it 's some of the above , a lot of the fact that men in these countries tend to drink way to much alcohol and smoke ... and a little , little bit of the reason you 've given , also . 
  plus , please take note that , according to the un , the baltic countries are officially northern european , not eastern . 
  yeah , like ` aeroplane '' ... yet the eu 's airbus makes airliners . 
  those are scots singing in english ... that 's two steps removed from scot gaelic . 
  no , that 's `` the best defense is a good offense '' ... it 's a sports thing . 
  it would be easier than a hard border for the irish island , like the one that , ironically , the scots will have to build this time around to keep the barbarians out . 
  nah , the americans straightened it out ... it 's why when people sing in english , they lose almost all their pent-up brit problems and lose the accent . 
  even the indian schools are teaching american english as spoken nowadays . 
  when you decide to put extra letters in words just to make yourself seem `` different '' you 've already bastardized the language i.e. 
  `` color '' , favor '' , flavor '' , that `` ae '' shit , and `` analog '' . 
  perhaps the `` funniest '' thing about trump is that republicans fought his candidacy throughout the primaries , and called him a `` mad dog '' until he won , and then they gave him a home ... worse yet , all those `` conservatives '' and `` christian evangelists '' seemed cowed into voting for somebody who did n't represent them in any way ... 
  at the end of this all , we 'll watch her cry on tv . 
  heck , the status of northern irish citizens in the uk may change , also . 
  okay , scots too , while we 're talking wonderful futures for the uk . 
  i ca n't wait to see the completely rude post and endless thread for kiri regarding hunter on valentine 's day ... 
  i 'm assuming it will be a game changer for their relationship in a major way . 
  guided missiles and bombs have replaced a 10s long ago . 
  drones have replaced a 10s . 
  both are highly effective in terms of cost and kills compared to slow a 10s , which is why they have n't made a 10s in more than 30 years . 
  the best part of the supposition is that any army is going to rely on support from outdated a-10s , which have n't been made in more than 30 years and have been replaced by smart bombs and other tools . 
  a-10s would be put up against forward unsupported units and easily stop such , but once air support was in place , and it was `` real war '' , the satellite and `` dark weapons '' that can only be used once ( before defenses can be made ) would be deployed . 
  yes , they have the only fifth generation tank ... that keeps breaking down and burning in public , and they my have made a couple dozen of them by now ... but they do have many thousands of old tanks , and using all of those would certainly run nato out of anti-tank munitions , and there would still be old tanks left rolling . 
  seeing how congress , and not the president , are the only branch able to declare war , we 'll all see what power trump really has in the first place . 
  it looks just like the edge of so many farms and along power line corridors where the place was clear cut out to the absolute edge of a property where aspens naturally grew , then the evergreen gymnospems grew quickly along the edge , choking out anything near them , and then the mix of apple and other random broadleafs and bushes grew in front of the evergreens in the sun . 
  it 's just pretty much the way nature `` fills in the spaces '' . 
  it sounds like op does n't want to see the `` crappy '' eastern europe ... understandable . 
  conclusion - singular . 
  why germany gives outright refugees 700e !, 
  i suggest the poorest finns begin building homemade boats to float to germany ... when it 's much warmer , of course . 
  it 's nice to see russia planning a sino/russo version of the ribbentrop-moltov treaty , and inviting pakistan , dressed in polish costume , to explain what 's about to happen , and why they better get out of the way . 
  yeah , and us banks do n't want drug dealers money ( through the front doors , in wheelbarrows ) , either . 
  look at that - bitcoin approaching escape velocity ... 
  you do realize that the only reason why more people speak french in ireland , rather than lithuanian , is because french is easier , and it 's a fuckload funnier to make fun of you guys when you visit , always `` la puke '' , `` le vomeeeraaaaaaaaaan '' ... 
  lesson : do n't put all your eggs in one basket , or all your pole pols in one plane . 
  how many ukrainians picked up `` polish cards '' or stayed in poland due to ethnic background ? 
  do they count as `` legally staying '' or just as polish ? 
  you could give them more money than even pensioners ( earned over years ) get , yet that would not be enough , and they would then `` refugee on over '' to germany for more `` refugee bread and butter '' . 
  finns and lithuanians share particular genetic haplotypes which are n't shared with estonians or latvians ... as much . 
  why are georgia `` bros '' ? 
  wrong church , even . 
  lithuania : `` a nation of tailors with masters degrees . '', 
  these people who are diplomats , particularly from the us , let 's just say the `` dual jobs '' ones , like their foreign counterparts , all come from these places where they certainly are `` guided '' through the halls of academia at these institutions . 
  and no , not many of these kids end up going to ivy league schools and such , because i know many parents of graduates of these schools , as well as many graduates . 
  again , you 're trying to claim these schools are superior by their small number of graduates who do go to these other institutions , while these american schools are , for the most part , hiring teachers who simply do not even have the qualifications to teache in public schools in the us , or even the country they have chosen to teach in . 
  it 's odd that a student from one of these schools where there is really a limited to nonexistant extracurricular program of any sort , students whose parents keep them so well guarded that they are simply unable to participate in any kind of community outreach or civic association ( like scouting or 4h ) , have no demonstrated athletic prowess , or anything that separates them from literally millions of students in the us that actually outweigh them in every aspect of being a `` perfect student '' at very , very good schools ... yet this `` magical '' ib along with the membership card of being the child of a foreign or us diplomat , a `` legacy '' of former alumni , a child of a suspect cia operative ( at the embassy ? 
  no way !, 
  ) , or some combination of several of the aforementioned categories seems to push them into these quite pillowed places . 
  i came here because of the headline . 
  now , please pass the pipe ... 
  `` elite '' = `` rich daycare for legacies '', 
  the only thing ib is really good for is applying to private colleges in the us that would , at best , be considered `` finishing schools '' . 
  yeah , but those are n't the kind russia is talking about closing ... they mean `` the good ones '' . 
  you mean like shooting ten times at a target and hitting it only once , but dead center ? 
  because yeah , that in effect is what it was . 
  american international schools are funded in part by the us state dept. 
  they are considered `` secure '' and `` official '' baby-sitting centers . 
  teachers at these schools do not even need to have achieved master 's level degrees . 
  it 's not really `` american style teaching '' at all ... far from it . 
  the curriculum there is based on a program called international baccalaureate . 
  that program would n't fly in the us ... teaching is different in every state , and most school book publishers publish regional versions of their texts . 
  yes , diplomats and business men do send their kids there , but so do people who work their `` dual jobs '' at the local us embassy . 
  the school here in vilnius looks more like a medium security prison than a school . 
  it 's not like it would make a difference , as far as education or learning goes for the demographic represented . 
  we 're talking about schools which prioritize learning rhymes from `` dr. aibolit '' over learning the national language . 
  i know , that 's the point . 
  the people in germany ( and austria and other countries ) making this an issue are focusing on refugees as the problem . 
  yes , iraq has a majority of shia ... an oppression of the majority , which is what creates the their refugees , which are primarily sunni . 
  we all know that the agenda in germany and western europe is towards the refugees , and the `` pretend '' refugees , not immigrants, 
  while there are refugees from libya , i think there would be many more from syria and iraq , and many from afghanistan and pakistan , trying to pretend to be refugees . 
  shias , predominantly from iran/persia , are n't really refugees , but immigrants . 
  we 're talking about two completely different impetuses for going to germany , and presumably , two very different classes of people . 
  yeah , russian elections for example ... 
  expats are n't immigrants ... immigrants are forever . 
  expats can be made to flee . 
  sometimes it is a little funny to see a bunch of african troops training at the karo akademija up on silo g. 
  yeah , they stopped at the mall , backed up traffic , gave out freebies to the kids ... got to a bunch of darker-skinned people that the kids thought were nice . 
  beyond that , no big deal . 
  yes , predominantly sunni muslims . 
  why are shia muslims being counted , and not sunnis ? 
  what are you trying to skew ? 
  why are shia muslims being counted , and not sunnis ? 
  what are you trying to skew ? 
  why are shia muslims being counted , and not sunnis ? 
  what are you trying to skew ?
