  according to article six , international treaties and their requirements become as `` law of the land '' . 
  poor american that does n't even know his own constitution ... too many of them . 
  for some goddawful reason , people wipe their ass , then throw the toilet paper in the trash next to the toilet , rather than flush it . 
  sure , there are rural places in the country where wcs have a sign asking not to flush paper , but to turn it into a habit in civilized areas is a bit far-out . 
  there are also chinese-owned companies in italy made up entirely of chinese employees , also ... 
  if they have nukes in a near-theocracy like turkey , poland is n't that far off , if not even more preferable . 
  from the original `` state of emergency '' that carter signed ... since then , there has been no break in the `` state of emergency '' in the us ... new ones are filed before the old ones expire . 
  got ta be tough to be an american and not even know what 's going on in `` your house '' . 
  this washington post article sums it up , although it says carter 's `` soe '' began in 1979 : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/11/19/the-united-states-is-in-a-state-of-emergency-30-of-them-in-fact/, 
  no , your probably right , because i never know what the fuck i 'm writing about ... taken from the wikipedia entry on us `` state of emergency '' : the constitution explicitly provides some emergency powers : congress may authorize the government to call forth the militia to execute the laws , suppress an insurrection or repel an invasion . 
  congress may authorize the government to suspend consideration of writs of habeas corpus `` when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it . '', 
  felony charges may be brought without presentment or grand jury indictment in cases arising `` in the militia , when in actual service in time of war or public danger . '', 
  a state government may engage in war without congress 's approval if `` actually invaded , or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay . '', 
  so yeah , the one in france is probably a mild walk in the park in comparison to what is actually in regime in the us * right now * . 
  that 's okay , you 'd probably have to look under something like united states state of emergency ... 
  in 1977 , president carter signed the international emergency economic powers act , instituting a `` state of emergency '' regarding iran . 
  since that `` state of emergency '' started , new ones have started for various reasons before the previous ones have ended , meaning that for the last 38 years , the united states has been under a constant `` state of emergency '' . 
  yeh ... now tell me about how dairy farmers in lithuania are doing now , considering that russia was a huge market for them ... 
  i mean before china picked up the slack . 
  as things are now , more than 75 % of the cheese sold in russia is made from palm oil , not milkfat - oh , sure , there are `` alternatives '' ... russia will have to struggle and pay out about $ 50 billion in the next few years to get their agricultural output anywhere near the requirements for russian needs by 2020 . 
  and about those `` alternatives '' ... they 're still looking for ones to replace the eu/us ones since that embargo started . 
  catherine the great 's treaty called for crimea to be returned to turkish rule . 
  putin has cut off his nose to spite his weasel face ... 
  i mean the one you * now * see , not the other one that will turn to face us in a short time when the pipeline will be started back up for no real reason whatsoever . 
  it ca n't be ` all that bad '' ... 
  the us has been under a `` state of emergency '' continually since 1977 . 
  why should catalan taxes go to other parts of spain , to catalan 's own detriment ? 
  i love `` good news '' coming from tiraspol !, 
  just keep any `` aid convoys '' out , and dispense quickly of `` little green men '' . 
  we got wifi at the bus stops . 
  do n't worry ... once serbia is in the eu , you can sell your place and move anywhere in russia you want to . 
  except moscow , st. petersburg , or anyplace with any real standard of living . 
  or last week ... 
  my advice would be to save your money while working , study more , figure out what language ( s ) you need to learn to communicate where you want to go , and get your record expunged ... then , with your ducks row-by-row , apply for some language studies ( in the language you have been studying for a couple of years ) in the country you have settled on , get a student visa to study there , and then start searching for a job there while you coast through language school . 
  if you really want to split early , ask your probation officer ( and probably a lawyer ) about it before you tell migration officials in europe about your criminal past . 
  plenty of states let people on probation leave the state , and seldom do follow ups , let alone require the probationer to actually call in once a month , even for supervised probation . 
  except that he actually does have a university degree ... most americans who come and have their degrees evauated discover that their degrees are often of a higher caliber than most ( not all , of course ) european university degrees . 
  for example , i know americans who have come to europe and had their bsc degrees evaluated as the equivalent of a bologna masters , particularly when they attended six or seven years of university in the us . 
  probation is frequently allowed out of state , particularly for family in other states or for employment prospects . 
  are all russians as painfully oblivious as yourself , not really understanding or knowing that poland was never part of the ussr ? 
  come on , look at the old soviet roubles in your wallet ... 
  nothing about poland or polish on them . 
  because most americans are in some strange way , kind of `` european '' . 
  except for the majority of the bunch they drop in other countries to do the heavy lifting . 
  why are they `` montenegrins '' instead of `` montenegroes '' ? 
  asked in the usual reddit sincerity . . 
  yeah ... that would be like pegging your currency to the euro for umpteen years trying to join the eurozone , right ? 
  look at the map maybe 10 years from now , and dare to repeat it without being openly ridiculed . 
  you 're in nato ... 
  if you 're talking about joining the eu , you guys new you never were close to joining ... always a few steps that had to be taken care of first , like human rights , cyprus occupation , and that pesky bit about not really even being on the continent of europe . 
  ... but you shot down that russian jet , so still , bff !, 
  ... and you wo n't be surprised by waking up one morning in a bad part of syria to finish out your divine contract . 
  they did threaten to outright close the straits if there was `` real '' war in ukraine . 
  heck , if they treated treaties the way russia and the soviets have treated treaties in the past century , they could close them just because some ships might be unhygienic or carrying `` foreign organisms detrimental to the black sea ecosystem '' , or some cockamamie crap like that that russia pulls out of it 's tired ass so often . 
  nice ... ca n't wait until they blow that up , too !, 
  as they appear on tv screens , anyways ... 
  hey russia ... reparations before we celebrate destroying soviet monuments in an orgiastic party of freedom . 
  if you want to claim the history of the ussr , you got ta pay , and you 've already been sent the bill a few times . 
  i guess some state-sponsored broadcast of the shit heaps of your occupation being destroyed in front of the putin would knock another little chip off his shoulder , and the russian audience would probably get enraged at the impotence of the putin , also . 
  uh , soviets * did * that to poland for a few years ... 
  i do n't blame poland for harboring resentment towards soviet monuments and reminders of repression any more than i would blame koreans and chinese for the horrors committed by the japanese on their soil . 
  or else they will remind us they have nuclear weapons , like this past year . 
  you just came up with the best answer for a new `` otttoman empire '' ... just add syria . 
  russia did stop paying out on social benefits in transdniestra earlier this year . 
  russian dependence on foreign investment as a means for development ( as well as personal enrichment through corruption ) is historical fact . 
  they turn towards china , but china does n't invest as much as it does `` rent to own '' ... russians just choose to ignore that . 
  i lived in the us for the first2/3 of my life . 
  i speak and read english , lithuanian , irish ( those ones i have certificates for ) , german and french ( more than three years of study of each of them ) . 
  turkey gave warnings earlier , and right up to the plane approaching their territory . 
  putin and russia just ignored everything . 
  why does putin always come across as a four-year-old crying that it 's not his fault , and that he 's `` gon na get back at them '' if it takes cutting off his nose to spite his criminal face ? 
  true ... the us would initiate an immediate military response , even if it killed every european nato soldier before they got on the scene to `` save the day '' . 
  must be happy knowing that !, 
  they ca n't get all that extra cash without significant foreign investment , if the past 20-some years has proven ... russia has just left the top of it 's apex for what may be the entire 21st c. 
  article 5 does not mandate a military response . 
  to people on the ground , it would look like a plane flew from turkey and left bombs on you ... seems like a good trick , even though i do n't think they 'll try it anymore . 
  if you follow the news regarding the `` usual incursions '' regarding russian planes in baltic , finnish , swedish , or others ' airspace , their modus operandi is to turn transponders off and maintain radio silence . 
  what we have here is a failure to communicate . 
  perhaps russia will change things a bit now . 
  i believe that his exposition , about why it is `` a waste of time '' would probably include several salient points illustrating why anyone with any sensibilities would realize that a course on consent in sexual situations is probably not needed for people of the level of intelligence required for higher education . 
  and those in the academic environment that would be most benefitted in taking such a course are probably busy at some kind of collegiate sports training or practice . 
  considering that the saudis actively support the wahabbists and the salafists that make up daesh and the al queda , it would be suiting . 
  heck , if he 's going to get his nose rubbed in it in front of his people , let 's see how the saudis handle being taken down a bit in front of their own people . 
  cyprus is a country in the eu . 
  countries in the eu have defined borders . 
  northern cyprus is part of turkey . 
  erasmus is no excuse or even a substitute for a `` real '' education , obviously ... estonians did n't like russia before eu admittance or joining nato , it 's nice that you 're `` convinced '' about americans there ... which bars in tallinnn have the best erasmus parties 7 days per week ? 
  no , turkey is not estonia that just complains ... of course turkey actually has warplanes , as compared to estonia . 
  russians from moscow can easily tell that a native russian speaker from vilnius is not from russia . 
  i would assume it goes for any native russian speaker from a place where russian is a second language . 
  with a 20 % plus `` value added tax '' on all consumer goods , lithuania has a black market for everything . 
  since it happened two years ago , the insurance is probably settled , and to the distributors , the expiration date makes it unsaleable . 
  i 'm always ready to buy some cheap gorilka , or `` gorilla liquor '' as i like to call it . 
  now look at palladium prices since the year ago that article was published ... 
  but let 's give props to russia , and hope that their ingenuity in these times can lead to new food products , like the 80 % of all `` cheese '' sold in russia that is `` fake '' , made from palm oil instead of milk . 
  imagine what , exactly is in that guy 's `` pelmeni '' ... or perhaps try to not imagine ... 
  there would be serious problems for ni if the uk decided to leave ... actual border crossings would have to be built , food prices would climb ... what had been `` agreements '' earlier would have to be undertaken again , but under the rules of the eu . 
  if the uk would n't let them join the eu , they might just join the republic of ireland . 
  we 're going by the article here , sorry if you 're going by something else . 
  i 'm not embarrased ... certainly not as much as the turks should be - and yes , i wrote turks .
