  nah , they fly low as a fake airport approach , change direction , fly for a while and then `` pop up '' on radar as a surprise to keep the `` watchers '' in russia on their toes . 
  true , they are cool for the most part , but two or three years ago , you could see that germany was using f4 phantoms in air policing , and a 50 year old fighter is n't that reassuring . 
  people do n't see behind the votes ... as early as last june , so many americans , especially democratic voters loved the fact that trump was at the time trying to present himself as a `` real candidate '' . 
  the joke at the beach was `` i 'm switching to republican just so i can vote for trump in the caucuses and primaries !, 
  we can make the joke that sinks the gop ! '', 
  one thing to consider in the presidential race is marijuana . 
  20 states will have legalization ballots along with the presidential election . 
  this prompts new voters to turn out , such to the point that marijuana got more votes than the winning candidate for president in many states . 
  if sanders wins primaries , but loses due to delegation issues , will he go independent as revenge ? 
  he knows that he can bank on the marijuana voters to give him a lot of clout . 
  so , marijuana will win the presidential election , not trump . 
  `` common ancestry '' ??? 
  so wrong . 
  apparently , poles and russians are more closely related , and resemble their european neighbors , to the point of being the same . 
  more and more americans are moving towards kebabs ... they taste the same , but are cheaper . 
  serbian govt says to the pootin ' that `` nato ? 
  nah , no one even talks about it ... pffft '' . 
  http://www.rferl.org/content/serbia-wont-join-nato-endorse-eu-sanctions-against-russia-moscow-ambassador-says/27549850.html but russia finds out people are making deals http://rbth.com/news/2016/02/18/russia-sees-new-nato-serbia-agreement-as-attempt-to-broaden-influence_569005 so they send the pootin ' posters to belgrade , because russia is so ... well , nobody can explain how russia is so , well , `` russia '' to serbia , it 's people and it 's history , and that unknown , unquantifiable , mystic whatever russia is to them is so , `` important '' . 
  `` you ca n't hear anything about the protest in serbian news because of media manipulation . '', 
  you mean russia does n't manipulate the media there , like other countries ? 
  how do you manage that ? 
  of course . 
  you could always buy from amazon.de , or do it other ways , though . 
  as it is now , post from britain is quite expensive . 
  i buy anything i can online , and for some reason , i would rather buy from irish sites , which often have reduced or even free shipping , usually with a minimum purchase , than spend what is always much more from a co.uk site as it stands now . 
  countries align with , and then subsequently join nato ... on the other hand , we can see that in almost every case russia joins you . 
  ... until their agricultural products ca n't automatically be exported to the eu . 
  altering trade treaties , worker 's rights and agricultural pacts are certainly enough of a difference to warrant another vote . 
  hardly a `` charade '' as much as a required assessment of the new rues put on the ground . 
  what it would come to is commonly known as a `` vote '' . 
  the exit would take until 2019 ... when the eu said is the earliest that any treaties regarding trade could be made . 
  guess * verb * estimate or suppose ( something ) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct . 
  to be sure , it is beige-like in it 's neutrality, 
  from medieval and modern times , jews in europe were given extraordinary protections under magdeburg rights . 
  so criticizing israel for violating international treaties concerning occupation , annexation , and segregation are `` anti-semitic '' ? 
  before mentioning anything about a restored palestinian state , has israel offered everything back the way it was before , to at least the pre-1967 borders ? 
  labeling the goods is justified as a political action . 
  the arguments for ireland leaving the eu after a `` brexit '' are far less compelling than the arguments we have seen in the past few weeks suggesting the post-brexit benefits to scotland and n.ireland declaring independencefrom the uk and joining the eu one their own . 
  when the ussr let us go . 
  russia is a whole other sack of nuts and bolts that do n't quite fit together ... 
  lithuanians enjoy hearing stories about how much people drink in other countries . 
  we do have one day every year where stores can not sell alcohol , though , september 1st . 
  a recent government study revealed we would have to have an entire month of alcohol-free days before another country would tie us for most liters ethanol consumed per person per capita, 
  yeah , it 's gospel . 
  i have never seen , handled , or laundered this money ... this is what i get instead of single socks , though ... http://imgur.com/deff44a, 
  pssshaw ... people in the uk think you can get a dish called `` curry '' in india , and use the letter `` u '' in words like color and flavor just for extra scrabble points . 
  wrong on all counts . 
  any form of `` nationalism '' would have to be based on some kind of common culture , and outside of eurovision ( puke ) and the annual collective sewer flush that has every nation sending it 's erasmus students to other european capitals , i do n't see any common culture that is really shared , at least on any meaningful level . 
  of course , we could always pick up that idea of nationalism that the us embraces , and it 's unified sense of patriotism and jingoism, 
  yet in russia , everybody * everywhere * is using us dollars ... for everything !, 
  the country is awash in benjamins . 
  you would think that big denomination euro notes would have replaced dollars a few years ago , but it is n't the case . 
  let the brits leave , if the want ... or dare . 
  not like they wo n't be printing invites to scotland or northern ireland to join the eu if the uk does decide to leave ... and if the uk does leave , no one is going to veto scotland or nis admission to the group . 
  of course , will it be as easy for the rest of the `` kingdom '' to get back in once they have bailed ? 
  any chance of the favorable terms they stand to get now ? 
  bwahh ha ha ha !, 
  ok , so you do n't pay a tax to subsidize people who ca n't afford to live in dublin ... in this case you simply get municipal services run by people who presently live in dublin , but as time goes on , you simply end up paying 30 % more in wages to people who do better work , but live further outside the city . 
  i guess just stating that city workers will get a 30 % raise did n't sound as good , but you 've convinced me otherwise ... 
  we 've had a lot of sushi places in lithuania for years . 
  i 'd say any `` hype '' with it is that every second - and third-rate chinese restaurant ( meaning every single one in lithuania ) has turned , or has been turning `` asian fusion '' so they can serve sushi like the many smaller places that serve only sushi with a little japanese stuff on the side . 
  not as cheap as doner/turkish kebabs , but not as much food , either . 
  kebab stands really did n't pick up in lithuania until 2005 . 
  the point is that these countries are n't really angry at each other , particularly the ones in the russian federation . 
  a lot of history and culture is shared . 
  as far as `` nukes '' go , nothing would be going on in that direction ... the russians would have to remove them , and the places where they might have trouble with that , others such as the us have , and would step right in and `` fix thngs '' . 
  yes ... we have low quality food from international chain stores like maxima and prisma , which is fine for finnish people , but quite below our lithuanian standards . 
  soon some awful vendor of offal called lidl will be opening up shop here ... it 's gotten so bad we have to eat german food products . 
  the cost of living in lithuania is greater than the minimum ( part time ) salary . 
  it is an ongoing national joke disguised as a serious discussion about how everyone can even afford to live ... without thriving black and grey markets . 
  yes , bring friends ... we 'll know you by green suits ... 
  now talk about this `` norwegian white '' ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland#/media/file:herb_polski.svg inobvious monty python reference ... 
  between the two of you , somebody is dead wrong . 
  and i 've never seen a fucking unicorn , even once . 
  i thought it was to `` save '' the jews ? 
  jesus never intended for christianity to be spread to the gentiles ... that 's where rome used paul ... 
  you talk the talk , you walk ... well , drive it up and down the street , anyways . 
  some religious law will be written in accords to when one must wear the holey colander , and probably sooner than later . 
  ... when the next guy will get his own private reading of `` how it all works '' before he also backs sanctions . 
  i 'm just realizing that lithuania has drank itself out of europe !, 
  no referendum , protest , or revolution ... just tossing back the mere equivalent of 35 liters of 40 % vodka per capita every year . 
  okay , maybe the map/figure is just * wheak * . 
  more people die from methadone outside of treatment using illegally-procured supplies . 
  ... or condom/safe sex practice . 
  you 're much more likely to get hiv from sexual contact than from shooting drugs . 
  besides , you can just buy needles at the pharmacy otc in russia . 
  no , hiv is spread mostly by male to female sexual contact . 
  it 's true , i hear it in their nomadic camps , situated by trash collection containers across the city !, 
  we make a lot of movies about fighting repressive regimes here in `` the west '' also , as well as many movies of disturbing violence perpetrated as revenge on criminals . 
  a lot of holocaust movies too ... or are they just watching porn ? 
  ... how many dungeons you gon na build ... and where ? 
  even though germany * ran * `` extermination camps '' , they certainly did n't build them in germany . 
  i would think you would know , not just understand that when it 's done locally , it 's called terror . 
  you mean bad china spies on it 's own citizens ? 
  in a lot of countries ( chuckle ) that would be considered illegal !, 
  even here in europe many men have multiple concurrent relationships ... particularly wealthier ones . 
  but this depends where you are . 
  here in lithuania there are approx . 
  86 men for every hundred women . 
  there is no discernible problem socially .
