  ( as close as i 'm going to try to get phonetically ) . 
  along time ago , i thought the guy was okay ... now he leaves a trail of `` a little more fucked up than before '' wherever he goes . 
  he has an international audience , apparently with important friends . 
  he needs to go back to georgia and face the music . 
  why did n't russia let them examine , or take custody , of the wreckage years ago ? 
  but yeah , the clowns running the country right now are fucktards , and need distraction to the folly they are directing badly . 
  i just clicked through a real life question , even though if a similar question came up in a computer game like civilization , i would have pondered it for a half-hour ... 
  i 've noticed foxes will go from henhouse to henhouse ... 
  this particular store is near where many foreign students live : most are n't fluent or even literate in lithuanian , russian , or english - the only three choices on the automated screens . 
  but yes , elderly are also over represented in the area surrounding the store . 
  that 's where the line was ... if only they had a `` cash only '' self - , or otherwise checkout , too . 
  so a stateless person travelling on a cancelled passport from one country who is wanted in another for criminal charges is `` fake news '' ? 
  if you go to study the language as a foreign learner , and you have graduated us high school , you 're all but guaranteed admission . 
  you would need to have tuition money , plus the equivalent of the minimum salary for each month your visa is valid - basically subsistence-level funds , plus a few hundred to cover travel/student insurance , which might be included as part of the credit card you use to buy airfare . 
  if you `` just want to go '' , and have little to no money , admittedly it is not so easy , particularly in germany . 
  there , you would probably need around 4000 euro in a bank account . 
  hopefully a leader in germany will take the `` american '' lead here and say `` we will give poland reparations , but poland will pay for it ! '', 
  it just sounds too convenient . 
  meanwhile , i stand in a 20-deep line at the supermarket of people using their chip cards to buy a beer and a pack of cigarettes , as if it 's too much money to carry around . 
  absolutely nothing like in america ... where a small loan is not required for lunch . 
  if you had a small amount of money , it could easily be done . 
  apply to an accredited school to learn local language ( or some english-language instruction ) so you will integrate , pay your tuition , get a student visa . 
  you will stay in cheap student housing/dormitories . 
  while you learn and study , you will be able to network and find employment and friends ( assuming you 're not some freak ) . 
  then you find employment and/or get married ( assuming you 're not some freak ) . 
  we went from absence of agriculture to an overabundance of food 10,000 years ago ... things picked up . 
  good point about `` human nature '' . 
  the advent of agriculture is what gave humans plenty of free time in the first place , and civilization grew because of that free time . 
  i could see such a system moving people away from consumerism into a `` better space '' . 
  most people will either not wish , or be able to live on a subsistence amount ... it will force these people into groups , `` communes '' , if you like , where their purchasing power and group labor is maximized . 
  `` success '' has different meanings according to different needs . 
  i support a ubi with conditions . 
  people receiving ubi that own dwellings must use them to capacity , people owning land over a certain area be compelled to use/develop it for use . 
  people `` of means '' be restricted from the system . 
  if you ca n't use your property to it 's otential , and thus keep income locked up from the system , it must be taken from your income : i.e. 
  you must rent out unused rooms and use `` excess '' land for agriculture , recreation , or development into housing , all with some assistance and direction from the providing government . 
  i would also mandate some kind of basic training programs , and advanced training on basis of merit and need of workers , for those who would wish to `` advance '' . 
  and no , no one on such subsistence gets to smoke or drink , unless they produce it themselves , on their own dime . 
  yes , i recall the local polish groups , particularly ones centered around salcininkiai , you would probably recall them as the ones who grabbed funding from the kremlin in the early 1990s . 
  how 'd that work out in the historical context of the 21st c ? 
  well , look at latinos and mexicans in the us . 
  by simply refusing to fully integrate into society , they choose the same lot as poles do by marginalizing themselves in lithuania . 
  they do actually try to teach poles lithuanian in the polish schools , but polish school administration ( under instructions from polish residents in lithuania , and polish government reps ) `` water down '' the instruction , and make it almost tertiary as a requirement of learning , thus keeping most poles as `` subcitizens '' in their ability to communicate and interact with the rest of society . 
  there is a same sentiment in russian-language schools , also . 
  if you want `` racist '' ( poles are now a race ? 
  ) , then please check out how differently ( substandard , neglected , even persecuted ) lithuanians who live and get educated in poland are ... yet lithuania does n't issue the `` false hope '' of lithuanian identification cards in poland ... those lithuanians know where they have to go to be lithuanians . 
  ... and then your not-so-communist government failed to pick up the ball in 1990 . 
  it 's funny how poland accepts literally `` disappearing '' from the maps several times over the past few hundred years , yet now that it has `` guaranteed '' borders by everyone around , it decides to growl at those who guarantee it 's existence into the future . 
  1990 , you say ? 
  odd , because that 's when the german government said greece should have spoken up during the `` two plus four agreement '' ... 
  i guess that seems to have been the polish `` cut-off date '' , also . 
  based on the fact that greece had some claim , but did n't exercise it , pretty much negates any polish claim , and as poland had a chance ( no matter how small ) , i guess you ca n't even ring up putin with some kind of whack `` extortion '' over the whole matter , either , unless you want to complain about the 1947 border . 
  it 's clear that `` anti-russia hysteria '' is really `` anti-putin hysteria '' . 
  look at a map of vilnius county , then a map of vilnius city ... vilnius country is about 800,000 people and 9700 + km ^ 2 , while vilnius city is about 550,000 and 401 km ^ 2 ... that 's a huge difference , and the county itself ... outside the city would hardly be called `` urban '' , and the county itself is about 15 % of the entire country . 
  yeh ... try being a muslim uighur in china , then tell me about how oppressive germany is . 
  this thread makes me glad that without violence or killing , germany , with the force of eu sanctions , is going to ream their ass . 
  after the release of sikorky conversation with orlen chairman , lithuania realizes exactly the sentiment of the polish `` ruling class '' . 
  let poland do `` whatever '' they think they wo n't get away with . 
  the fact is that lt imports less than 2 % of polish product , while poland imports only 8 % of lithuanian product ... lookback and recall that there are plenty of other global players who picked up immediately what russia began to boycott a few years ago . 
  go ahead , leave the eu ... let them eat apples . 
  yup , the germans seem to accept it as `` water under the bridge '' ... only now are poles crying the river . 
  hmmm ... maybe revisit the treaty of trianon , too ... maybe hungary deserves their part of `` poland '' back ? 
  or like someone leaving a family to join a cult ... the fact is that without the eu and europe , uk would still be the backwards , destroyed shithole it was for twenty years after the war ... they did n't ride coattails , they rode piggyback on the market . 
  you are aware that vilnius is only about 15 % polish today , and that 's only because we need restaurant workers , shop clerks , and sanitation workers . 
  no , you are not lithuania or latvia . 
  you 're a backwards shithole that seems to be becoming a saudi satellite in a fortnight . 
  because they never were `` russian '' much like ireland never really is or was `` british '' . 
  and if you think ireland was ever `` british '' , go down to dublin and scream it on a street corner . 
  you 'll get the same as if you went downtown vilnius and started screaming that lithuania is polish or russian . 
  oh , i know a good dentist who will pull your teeth out of your ass after your head comes out . 
  nope . 
  we all have an eu that stops that shit cold . 
  reunification wo n't spark civil war , stupid people could have , in the past . 
  everybody likes butter ... making butter , and buying affordable butter . 
  any border or treaty will make all who love and depend on butter unhappy . 
  no civil war while butter is available . 
  corruption . 
  yeah , yeah ... that 's why sinn fein are up to 30-35 % approval in ni , exactly why ni voted `` stay '' and not `` leave '' , and why various scot politicians are on the record saying that an independence vote needs another time around , considering the massive fuck up that brexit clearly is . 
  did you know that british experts believe that by 2050 , more than half of all british citizens will need corrective lenses to counter myopia ? 
  of course , political myopia is completely different , but , hey , just saying ... 
  no surprise here ... northern ireland voted to remain . 
  remain meant `` no border '' . 
  now , `` no border '' means reunification for the majority , and `` be british in britain '' for the minority . 
  why would ireland leave the eu now ? 
  right now , and extending for a few years is the greatest chance for reunification ever . 
  everyone could just sit down and be `` irish '' . 
  one island , one ireland , one government . 
  so simple , so beautiful . 
  besides , it will give the british a good reason , and singular focus to make things right with scotland . 
  the guy charged with genocide must be thrilled with his `` character witness '' . 
  that 's entirely fair ... other eu countries require eu migrants to register , also . 
  so it was n't `` same fox , different hen house '' ? 
  the marshall plan was used by the us to open trade and dump the product of us industries into western europe . 
  business according to international law and norms was a priority . 
  half the people in turkey have n't even completed the equivalent of high school ... of course they do n't care - they ca n't fucking read or do simple math . 
  you have to understand before you can care . 
  in education , turkey ranks 30 of 33 in oecd states . 
  when you understand facts like these , turkey , it 's president , and the direction it 's going in are no surprise . 
  dodon the lap dog got his nose rubbed in it . 
  last big store that had it was prisma .
