  many americans have several pets ... not taking off my shoes in your `` cat lady '' mom 's or grandma 's , not taking them off when you have six puppies , either . 
  and if you got one of those stupid little pigs , i 'm keeping them on to kick it away . 
  and then there 's the other frozen eight months . 
  you do n't `` cook '' bacon a second time ... smoked is the same as cooked , you eat it that way . 
  not fried , baked , or whatever the backwards people are doing to it . 
  french does not even make fourth here . 
  knightly wisdom https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/1jzie9/bbc_give_ireland_back_to_the_irish_paul/?ref=search_posts, 
  yeah , your points are ture , but it 's moldova and transnistria making these overtures to the eu , trying to `` fit in '' . 
  yes , of course the suspension in the pensions is `` temporary '' ... only lasting so far about a year . 
  i 'll bet the ukrainian blockade on military convoys to transnistria are only temporary , also . 
  it 's nice that some people in transnistria think they can become part of russia ... 
  that 's a `` w '' ... he 's doing it in polish to get a rise out of you . 
  ehh ... the eu forbids suppliers from owning the transmission pipelines , so one would guess gazprom is up the creek for that whole bit . 
  and please ... do n't even suggest that russia `` pays a top-up for all the pensions there ... '' they cancelled pension bonuses in january . 
  to claim that `` transnistria dies economically ... '' if this happens is ludicrous ... the whole point of the eu extending the hand to tiraspol is to set an example to the people of donbass . 
  the entire example of lithuania is completely relevant to the situation in tiraspol ... from gas supply to exports - neither of which really mean anything to lithuania anymore . 
  you 're sadly mistaken , but i 'll let it pass considering the whole `` where you 're from '' part of it . 
  open borders and easy immigration came part and parcel after the black death ... just to consider how irish monks and priests actually spread far and wide across europe , sharing and transmitting what was then the most humanist insular version of christianity as far east as belarus . 
  for the past 400 years open borders have pretty much defined europe , at least the parts of europe `` that matter '' , anyways , again , forgiving the whole `` where you 're from '' part of it . 
  just trying to figure out why you think democracy would be something that remains , after all , `` where you 're from '' it 's only existed for less that 50 years throughout most of know history ... you put a lot of stock in something that you have so little experience with . 
  originally from us , have no idea of this `` american way . '', 
  must be a lower class thing ... kind of like how even poor people in the us claim to be `` middle class '' . 
  you mean the `` 1 euro '' ones ? 
  they suck , too . 
  for that money i can get a mccheesy next door , and not get sick as a `` benefit '' . 
  so renaming the lukoil places stuff like `` baltic petroleum '' and giving away premiums in hopes of keeping customers might work ? 
  because they have been trying that for months now , and everybody knows exactly what they 're doing ... that 's why they 're wrapping up and getting out . 
  because western governments do n't know how tor works , right ? 
  maybe crimea is key in defending russia against the pensioners that the kremlin effectively cut off earlier this year . 
  i say that moscow `` cut off '' the pensioners because we all know russia has so much in terms of foreign reserves , that their economy is guaranteed well into the next two weeks , if not three . 
  china is n't interested so much in lending to russia , as much as it is in * buying into * russia , which they are doing , for the long term . 
  it 's their `` we can into arctic '' policy . 
  there is an interesting movie about soviet architecture being the same everywhere , and that a key in building y , apartment x in one city would fit in building y , apartment x in another city . 
  it 's called the irony of fate ... involves drunk guy using key in apartment building that looks like his , but in anothet city ... key fits . 
  in lithuania , banks give out loans to groups of homeowners to attach insulation and an exterior to the slab-construction in the name of heating efficiency and aesthetics . 
  these buildings are n't going anywhere for a long , long time . 
  it is structurally safe to remove some walls from these slab structures ... it 's been quite popular in lithuania for the past twenty years - not a single collapse . 
  too much sand in the concrete ? 
  not in the ussr ... theft in that sense , as well as knowingly mixing concrete wrong would actually have warranted capital punishment . 
  building safety and the increase in construction was one of the reasons for re instituting capital punishment in the ussr in 1960, 
  the not-so-gift boxed version they sell here is shaped like a bullet . 
  yeh ... had to sit by while people got engrossed in `` irony of fate '' more than a dozen times in my life . 
  i usually get so depressed by the shitty movie that i end up drunker than the lead character ever could have been at the beginning of the movie . . 
  but that saves me from having to dance to modern talking and boney m later in the night , so it 's not a bad thing . 
  could you give an approximation of the relative location of the future desecration ? 
  eu rules , about energy and otherwise , actually made lithuania energy-independent , for the most part , from russia . 
  we do n't need to buy their gas anymore , we can get electricity from elsewhere now , and it actually worries moscow . 
  of course ... and as boris johnson is a descendant of german prince paul von wurttemberg , who was descended from george ii , he is in fact related to the queen herself ... 
  which means in an only slightly less probable situation than actually getting elected as pm , he could , in most unfortunate circumstances , * possibly * become king of england . 
  well , that was then ... now we all know the center of europe is in lithuania ... indisputably . 
  yes , quite european ... not in any ethnic , linguistic , or geographical sense , but in a disney world `` it 's a small world '' kind of sense ... 
  it 's okay ... even though you 're not really in europe , you can always let turkey be a shining example for you guys , in terms of not sticking your necks out in negotiations for something that is n't being handed out . 
  there 's a reason why they export borjomi ... the same reason lithuania exports vytautas water . 
  it tastes like shit . 
  how does `` visa-free '' facilitate easier immigration ? 
  i mean , besides the obvious fact that it simply does n't ? 
  still have residence requirements , still have language/civic awareness requirements , still have employment/sufficient funds requirements ... 
  nothing changed , except that it 's easier to get to the eu and spend all your money ... and criminals are now welcome , backgrounds unchecked . 
  for what , exactly ? 
  many nations never even recognized ussr 's right to occupy , let alone annex many of it 's former republics . 
  if anything , reparations still have to be made to many of these former republics . 
  no it does n't legitimize not paying , but the fact that russia refuses to deal with the `` haircut '' that has been requested , and also may be ordered by international courts is the real reason why ukraine is n't paying ... 
  i mean besides having their rightful territory stolen and armed conflict supported on their soil . 
  yeah ... everyone thinks russia basically ignores it 's own international treaties regarding international borders , wto obligations , and human rights ... what do they know ? 
  actually , ukraine was going to , or did lease out more than 5 % of it 's arable land to china before all this business started . 
  yup ... and the mess after will be worse for russia . 
  after all , the us does n't share a border with iraq . 
  10 years of sanctions maintained at the current levels would seriously cripple russia , and probably lead to its ' breakup , or even part of it coming under chinese control . 
  it will take about ten years before russia 's agriculture is even developed enough to make up for what is embargoed now ... `` they wont give a shit : / . '', 
  well , if we 're dealing with hormonal issues , we 'd better just set everyone here recommending birth control pills that they 're all `` doing it wrong '' . 
  i 've known quite a few women who have had second and third month abortions and walked away from it with less problems than getting a tooth extracted or even a cavity filled . 
  i guess in your coat hanger/womb punch country things are a little more `` disruptive '' . 
  it 's not about ability , it 's about salary . 
  this also is true ... sometimes to jail for contempt , sometimes with charges completely dismissed because they do n't want to waste court time . 
  they could go to lithuania and get it done for well under 200 euro , including consultation . 
  surprise !, 
  it is easy ( physically ) and requires no hospital stay . 
  abortion is legal in lithuania for the first trimester . 
  also , we do n't have idiots standing in front of clinics protesting , or whatever unemployable superstitious cretins do . 
  turkey should be charging russia for the missile , with the premium for expedited delivery added on . 
  bu they should n't be charging more than for domestic delivery . 
  ... or appears to be a picture taken on a train of a poster of a man in a shop with cabinets of dishes . 
  or is it a hospital i see ? 
  heh heh ... jabada does n't realize that even pensioners are given pensions that are below the poverty line , and that the minimum salary in lithuania does n't even let people live above the poverty level ... 
  even lithuanians want to go to sweden ... or the uk , or ireland , or even spain to pick fruit . 
  of course we 're going to treat these refugees better than our own parents and grandparents ... it 's lithuanian `` hospitality '' !, 
  judges in the us have been known to acquit on various arguments concerning maritime law and civil code being sometimes incompatible . 
  many of these arguments depend solely on what you say , or admit to a police officer ... there are fine lines and some sympathetic judges and localities . 
  in the us , any ratified international treaty is actually considered as `` law of the land '' under article 6 of the us constitution ... the us is n't party to the icc , but if it was , there could never be such a law as you linked to without changing the constitution there . 
  little joffrey is an adopted stand-in for those who refuse to stand-in ... he 'll write books from either russia or the eu , telling tall tales of `` what might have been '' . 
  while making such delicious cake , perhaps lukashenko should indulge in a slice of his own , for once . 
  you 've never heard of the lutfisk method before ... it involves a swedish investigator who has been drinking heavily all night eating lutfisk all the same ... 
  it is done in a small , closed room . 
  but even before ukraine `` flared up '' , the us was n't regarded so much `` imperialist '' as russia was expansionist and aggressive ... 
  the `` official word '' in lithuania and other countries is that they only steal light-skinned and light-haired children because norway is so inbred that they need `` fresh blood '' and will get t ` any way they can '' . 
  just what we hear here in the news ... 
  just like russians to worry first about their imagined vacations , rather than their imagined `` salaries '' ... 
  they should try this with guns and bombs , too ... 
  it should be the `` be all , end all '' it seems to be !, 
  of course , all international law in the us is equivalent to the us constitution in the us is there is a ratified treaty connected with it .
