  ` an l\u00e1 dearg ' put the number of marchers at 12,000 , which does seem like a bit over , but looking at the videos and photos , it 's pretty clear that saying there were 5000 marchers would be a gross underestimation , if not pure prevarication . 
  yes , let britons determine what is best for scots , again ... well , what 's best for britons at the expense of scots , again . 
  for the then-uk 's sake , i hope may is n't at the other side of the table from scotland discussing the scottish independence terms . 
  but israel pretty much killed yiddish , too . 
  what 's that !?!, 
  foreskins are selling for $ 658 each !?!, 
  it 's not `` just what you do here '' in the us , at least not anymore . 
  nowadays the hospital and doctors ask beforehand and have forms signed before it 's even done . 
  i 'm not going to blame the religion , i 'm going to blame the parents who celebrate it . 
  politicians with sufficient mental capacity would n't even consider brexit as a possible reality , other than one to weaken the uk . 
  the uk exports 2/3 of what it imports ... those `` larger fees for access '' will be paid by britons buying the goods . 
  so really , they had to ask him if he raped the women , but they could n't ask him in uk ? 
  basically , you 're saying that unless he said he raped them , which he was n't going to do ( because he did n't ) , there was no case against him . 
  if it really did seem that he raped these women , he would not have had any support , but after his supposed `` rape '' , he continued to sleep with the same woman , in the same bed for another week ? 
  then she tells another woman about the incident , and the other woman has sex with him ? 
  no wonder the prosecutor dropped the case ... 
  4130 ni residents use gaelic as their main home language ? 
  how do you explain the participation in the rally of the nus-usi which represents approximately * one-quarter of a million * students in northern ireland ? 
  fuck all ... there were more than ten fucking thousand people who marched !, 
  it 's okay to put up all your pro-birt hogwash , but that `` little part of the island '' run by dup will be getting smaller and smaller every election , until reunification , which will inevitably come , because nobody wants to see that anniversary . 
  at one time , russian was taught in lithuania with a priority over lithuanian , now few students choose russian over english or spanish ... yes , * replacing * a language can be done , it just takes a generation or two , but it is an extremely powerful tool in uniting a country and culture . 
  you mention hebrew , which is/was a language of religious scripture , but you neglect the reality that was yiddish , which was always spoken much more than hebrew ever was . 
  if ireland gave preference to american ( us and canadian ) descendants of irish people who could also speak irish , millions of these people would pick up books and take classes tomorrow . 
  we knew it was just anglo bullshit propaganda . 
  if ireland and irish people and government put more emphasis on the importance of the language , you would quickly see millions of high schools in the us and canada drop french from curriculums to make space for irish . 
  the order of the hibernians would probably have fundraisers over it . 
  now that the turks have won euroleague , let 's all just switch to baseball ... 
  no , soccer , or `` football '' as europeans call it is far more boring than basketball . 
  a basketball game moves fast enough such that spectators do n't really have time to taunt each other or be hooligans . 
  easy to say when your country has lost ( or given away ) every vestige of a national identity and culture ... 
  yes , let 's get them afraid to test , and just have them getting sick and dying ... how christian . 
  not so good ... 
  `` agurkas '' is cucumber lithuanian-style . 
  they only understand cheap vodka ... they 'll leave us alone , for a while . 
  nah , that 72 % wants a unified ireland ... that , along with scottish independence ( coming soon !, 
  ) , means they can build a new hadrian 's wall , and have the uk pay for it !, 
  the us would n't do shit about it ... could n't do shit about it . 
  if spain decided to do anything , people in the us would likely boycott all spanish goods produced outside of catalan . 
  the only nation , other than spain , that would object to catalan being in the eu is britain ... only because it would fear the same happening in scotland , and now , in northern ireland ( both voted to stay in the eu ) . 
  munich has the best , i thought . 
  i hope kebab pizza is better than shawarma pizza , ` cuz that stuff ranks just under sun-ripened cat food on the delicious scale . 
  shwarma altogether just sucks , i know . 
  i 've had the kebab with those ingredients wrapped together in cyprus . 
  i did n't expect fries , and asked them to hold them next time . 
  that 's the way it is * now * ... this article is talking about history . 
  in europe , under magdeburg laws , jews were afforded to keep their own communities , often comprising city centers . 
  then canada also is a huge threat . 
  you 're right ... fuck heritage , fuck descendancy , and fuck our genetic heritability . 
  let 's stop calling hitler german , and stop calling stalin russian . 
  why are we calling ourselves `` human '' , when * that * is the label that we can only apply to homo sapiens , which is a sub-saharan species , not a mongrel-mix of neanderthal and denisovan ... 
  so ... now that we 've established firmly that we are in fact sub-humans , and that culture , industry and ( protestant-calvinist - bullshit ) `` work ethic '' are somehow epigenetic , we can now work together to cure the planet of our filth . 
  look !, 
  an idiot brit talking about the role of the irish in the us , without clue no . 
  i 'll just fucking forget that nearly 150,000 irish fought for the union in the us civil war ... or how many actually lived in cities like new york and boston . 
  hell , i 'll even forget that presidents kennedy and reagan were of irish catholic stock ( or the 20 others of irish ancestry ) . . 
  i 'll try to forget the legacy of irish police and firefighters in the us , and their ubiquitous presence still to this day in metropolitan parades ... 
  sorry , ca n't forget their role in american culture and it 's export during said `` ascendency '' , though . 
  stock market ? ... 
  diamond jim brady , perhaps sec joe p. kennedy jr. . oh , you know disney is an irish name ? 
  do n't forget that the inventor of the submarine and laser were irish americans , also . 
  pinhead_mc should do what he does best and shut the fuck up , particularly when uttering over the irish . 
  the idea of the us as a threat to ireland is even more ridiculous than it was 10 years ago . 
  well , you guys are also known as `` cheese eating surrender monkeys '' on the other half of the planet ... not here , of course , where , like the rest of the `` new europe '' , we see you as some kind of tragic jerry lewis/charlie chaplain figure . 
  oh , with a bunch of g\u00e9rard depardieu in there . 
  coming in second with less than 40 % is underwhelming , and more indicative of an `` anti-mandate '' , especially when you try to push away your core and stretch into normal politics of society . 
  loser 's lunch , at best bite . 
  yeah !, 
  9th of may !, 
  that 's when we all in former soviet countries celebrate `` lend lease day '' , representing the love for the fact that beginning in 1939 and throughout the second world war , the usa sent more than 10,000 armored vehicles and tanks , more than 10,000 aircraft , and more than 1.5 million tons of food so the ussr would be able to fight in the war . 
  of course i can add that the baltics were the only post-communistic countries that had growth during that time ... just look at the numbers comparing the baltics to any of the other `` left-behind '' former soviet republics , including russia . 
  in lithuania , thiings are at that tipping point where urban sprawl is no longer possible , and people are building homes and communities outside the metro areas . 
  most of my relatives feel that while they acknowledge the repressions of various times , that for the `` average person '' , life in the ussr pretty much guaranteed everybody work , food , and social safety . 
  only the oldest retired ones feel that they `` miss '' something , but that 's because everything they were promised went away . 
  for eu entry , it was a boon ... people were able to start their own companies , for themselves , and anyone that was able to , did pretty well for themselves and their families . 
  infrastructure benefited from the eu funds , and really , society was able to shed a lot of people who 's families had prospered only through low-level corruption , whether they decided to migrate into the eu , or with eu passports , just scatter to the four corners of the earth . 
  if you do n't choose to learn the national language , it pretty much shows your commitment to society at large . 
  things are more `` continental '' now , and the free-for-all that existed prior to and immediately after accession is all gone ... used to be buying alcohol 24-7 and cheap transportation . 
  also the disparity between rich and poor has grown and reveals an ugly , ugly side that will have to be dealt with soon . 
  in the unlikely event that brexit ever does in fact happen , then she can do whatever she wants ... but until then , we all have treaties and agreements . 
  tomatoes are for * american * pizza . 
  they are a new world crop . 
  and it 's not ketchup , which has a bunch of vinegar , flavorings and loads of sugar . 
  do you realize that scotland and northern ireland already voted `` stay '' ? 
  do you realize that even more people in these places now want the chance at a re-vote on independence to prove it ? 
  the bill will be reduced substantially , but not until after northern ireland and scotland are eu members . 
  well , i guess brussels can stop dropping hints now ... 
  it 's not like they 're ukraine , with some benefit to having them in the eu . 
  `` irish born '' ? 
  i would just go by ancestry , with some 35 million irish americans dwarfing the possibly 17 million people of `` some irish heritage '' in the uk . 
  yeah , but almost a third of people are considered native speakers , and many more know at least a little . 
  it 's about time for the perennial `` irish language act '' to be spun through the press ... 
  is n't an armistice signed to stop hostilities during a war for a certain amount of time ? 
  so , basically a war did , and does exist , and your bullshit fails the reality test , horribly . 
  ... like capitalism . 
  the eu might not be able to enforce a `` hard border '' , but you can bet that anything requiring sea travel and anything on more than four rubber tires is certainly going to be rigidly controlled , inspected and taxed . 
  people will move as freely on land , but everything else is up for debate . 
  i like to think of this guy as one of the world 's greatest comedians ... he made a joke that 's lasted more than 100 years , that anyone in any language can get a laugh out of . 
  yeah , there 's * still * a russia in there ... 
  why is it that all the irish people that go to work in the us seem to say differently , and that 's why they went to the us , instead ? 
  i guess that you must be raring to celebrate the 2020 centennial then ?
