the recent confiscation of russian state property by belgium seems to say that something can certainly be taken , and used as a result of any court judgements . 
  or did you forget about that ? 
  perhaps the `` german-americans '' beat the curve in labeling themselves as simply `` americans '' . 
  whatever the group , a `` hyphenated american '' simply is n't `` american '' , and no , `` native american '' is not hyphenated . 
  the irish thank you . 
  ... and getting a black and blue , instead ? 
  well , you ca n't say that homosexuality is a normal and healthy lifestyle , as has been demonstrated in so many modern societies , as it is actually against the law to say so . 
  on the other hand , it is perfectly `` lawful '' and `` acceptable '' to say it is `` evil '' , `` unnatural '' ( as if ) , and `` immoral '' under the guise of soviet upbringing and the state `` official religion '' of catholicism . 
  since kurds have wanted to establish their own independent country using part of turkey ... quite a while . 
  the kurds have been `` doing their thing '' in turkey for more than 20 years now . 
  you think that 's when they got cozy with the saudis and israeli ? 
  not to mention that whole iran thing from way back when ... 
  lithuania and poland have been nato/eu members for more than ten years already ... this has less to do with any eu country as much as it has to do with ukraine and georgia - someplace where they can actually have some deterministic effect as opposed to places where the governments and public are truly diametric concerning any russian policy . 
  putin the `` master chess player '' quickly hides the retreating king behind ... abracadabra !, 
  another pawn ... 
  he wrote `` netherlands '' , not `` nederlands '' ... obviously a completely different country . 
  one reason that younger people kill themselves is that it 's actually against the law to tell them that being ` alternative '' is normal , and that you can lead a productive and happy life being that way . 
  bullies and asswipes have the last say , and last punch , according to law . 
  most of the people i 've known that have committed suicide ( around 12 ) were between 40 and 60 , and did so because they were serious alcoholics , and were told they would never be able to get the liver transplant they really needed , and that because their liver was damaged ( damaging their kidneys , also ) , that they would remain on dialysis for the rest of their lives . 
  yeah , their ages would correspond to those who grew up and expected life in the soviet system ... 
  the article claims that `` nfl games run well over three hours -- yet there 's only 11 minutes of actual play ... '' , which is an outright fallacy out of some kind of ignorance . 
  an nfl game lasts 4 quarters , each entailing 15 minutes of play , for a total of 60 minutes of actual play ... the other two hours are tv commercials . 
  and that if you use a foreign card , everyone will know you 're a foreigner , because they 'll have actually swipe your card and have to get a signature , since us cards do n't have the chips in them that euro-credit cards do . 
  there are few people who actually speak four different languages , but can only speak to so few people , though . 
  here in vilnius , lithuania , they just erected a new one . 
  ... oh , sorry , that would be * lennon * . 
  there seems to be an overwhelming international sentiment that `` right about now '' is a good time to rub everything you can in russia 's ( putin 's , since he reps for `` all of russia ) face , just to piss them off , and let them know where everybody that matters really stands . 
  `` some people confuse the two ... '' yeah , like your leaders and the people who support him . 
  one tank will clear out a sizable city neighborhood pretty damn fast ... just driving around the streets . 
  a lot of these places where refugees and migrants are going , they would be extremely lucky for the police to save them , depending on what law they might break . 
  mobs happen . 
  quickly . 
  we got sliced smoked pig ear , raw bacon , pickle pearl onions and a shot of vodka ... that 's actually on the `` breakfast menu '' at a lot of more traditional restaurants . 
  sometimes people pair it with a glass of salted cucumber juice . 
  they 're going to have to send a lot more women and girls , preferably the pretty ones , not the lot they 've been sending . 
  and do n't worry , we 'll send airline tickets , no need for the rafts !, 
  if you have a vocation or a skill , meaning you are a worthwhile , productive citizen in a high-tech or technologically advanced field , you can easily push a us citizen out of a job ... of course , if the natives come head-hunting in a few years , you better run !, 
  simply put , they were n't allowed before eu accession ... but after that ... 
  meanwhile , mexicans migrate to the us , and stay illegally , hoping for some kind of `` amnesty '' clause to be continually enacted ... which ca n't happen in perpetuity . 
  mexico ai n't to the us what gemany is to poland , anymore , for sure . 
  as far as it goes , anyone moving from one country to another , for work or living , needs some paperwork done in the eu . 
  except that in the eu there is a `` freedom of movement '' in the eu treaty , and they are simply allowed to , whenever or wherever they want to go . 
  mexicans who go to the us legally have quite a bit of paperwork to fill out , just to see if they can even get a visa to simply visit , let alone migrate to the us . 
  quite different , in a nutshell . 
  of course , mexicans do n't need a visa to visit the eu, 
  so , you do n't think the people who may be islamic or muslim do n't drink , eat pork , do drugs , or go to prostitutes because of their religion ? 
  i mean to say , they 're just like christians in the us , who never commit adultery , steal , or murder ... btw , how 're your friends the tooth fairy and santa claus doing ? 
  leech off welfare ??? 
  you mean like cruise around on subsidized gasoline or eat stuff made from subsidized crops and agriculture ? 
  hey , they did n't bring their credit/debit cards and iphones for nothing . 
  they want to go to the malls , pick up some new , not-so-refugee duds , the ladies want to ditch the veils and headscarves ... 
  they need free wi-fi , and pricey coffee places to study at ... have n't you run into `` poor students '' from these countries before ? 
  well , they have been helping all of the eu by taking all that banned food and sneaking it into russia ... lukashenko , inc. , has proved itself a true eu partner . 
  by migrants and citizens ... 
  there are ten mcd 's in lithuania ... 
  as opposed to the us , where half the people want them for low-wage labor and the other half simply want them deported without a second thought of why they left in the first place ? 
  this by itself is n't surprising , considering that when ukraine held `` official '' elections , about 25 % of eligible voters cast ballots , despite pro-russian forces attempting to derail the elections through closing ballot stations , intimidation , and the rest of the usual russian oppressive anti-democratic techniques . 
  if 25 % went out of their way to vote , imagine how may more wanted to , but were afraid or prevented in participating in the kiev-run election . 
  pps : 19.8 % were afraid to answer truthfully , not knowing who or what ( or when ) will be `` checking up '' on respondents , or not wanting to appear partisan for any side . 
  they might not even use native speakers , but simply euro-born ones , and tape the interview for a false sense of security ... 
  they could be questioned according to the location they claimed to be from ... assuming they were adults , or teens at the time of their life where they claim to be from , some things that would be known by any local could be asked ... who were the mayors , clerics , local police ... landmarks , schools , teachers ... local recreation areas and activities ... local celebrations , events , culture ... 
  there are plenty of verifiable ways to interview applicants besides dialect and accent . 
  ... or unsympathetic . 
  well , according to the us constitution , especially pertaining to nato and international treaties , it certainly is a * memorandum * ... 
  i guess it 's been carefully `` filed '' as such, 
  keep the slaves on the plantation ... 
  you would n't believe how many would quickly abandon the us if given visas , housing and jobs ... forget south america !, 
  crystal ball says : `` two billion chinese '' . 
  ukraine is n't , and was n't , in nato, 
  probably the same one as montenegro and kosovo ... 
  i do n't think the us has a whole real lot to do with the entire wahabbist/salafist militants/terrorists that are in syria , iraq , pakistan or tajikistan . 
  the `` whole clusterfuck of a mess '' is by and large attributable to saudi kings and princes . 
  they are the asshats throwing the money and ideology out there . 
  maybe even ask the gulf arab states to stop funding isis outright ... 
  refugees , please come to lithuania ... we have housing , not tents for you to stay in , and we protect you from hooligans that might hate you !, 
  you would think that estonia 's ( and latvia 's ) political right would make hay from all this , take actual refugees , and provide housing and job assistance in the areas that most resemble russian enclaves in the eastern parts of the country . 
  there is still plenty of state-held land to provide them with not only livelihoods , but also ways to make them productive , and contributing to these countries , but also training them for their eventual return ( refugees are supposed to return , eventually , right ? ), 
  to their home countries . 
  assimilation is always something that refugees/migrants have to deal with on their own terms . 
  welcome to the new economy ... it 's not where , what or how much , but to who you sell ... `` disposable income '' becomes `` quality of life income '' . 
  food , goods , services , land , housing . 
  those who can afford it , trade and live within their own , cooperatively ... like smurf villages everywhere , trading exclusively with other smurf villages , and their urban shareholders . 
  a closed system . 
  those who can not afford it are not allowed to buy , and can never join the coop . 
  an economic `` caste system , if you will . 
  what are you trying to imply by `` inhabitable '' ? 
  it seems there 's plenty of agricultural land there , and we already know that africa is `` resource rich '' . 
  any problems i 'll say are the problems of the people ... they do n't choose government properly , and it seems it just easier to `` run away '' where the streets are paved with gold , and work is n't really necessary living on the backs of others . 
  a country whose rulers fund isis and every other wahabbist and salafist terrorist group ... 
  never mind refugees , take a look at honest , settled , employed , and contributing to society migrants - the people responsible for the growth of the country in the past twenty years . 
  so it 's unnordic to hate them , but it 's also unnordic to actually give them jobs , too . 
  well , they could steamroll into some of eastern europe , but it would cost kaliningrad in less than a day ... and they know they would never get there in time , and never get it back . 
  you do realize that isis is funded by saudis , and that israel is their ultimate goal , at least i hope you understand that . 
  he meant poland , not lithuania ... 
  so ... a few more kebab stands and they 'll shwarm up to us ? 
  it 's also about taking the day-to-day control of their wealth out of their personal control ... this is something rich people particularly hate . 
  sorry ... when you say `` solution '' in such a way , i do n't touch it , and just leave it to austrians and germans . . 
  i 'm sure everybody else will just have to go along with what you guys do . 
  to think if you had even * tried * to fix anything ... 
  of course ... so many un resolutions are blindly enforced , take the number of israeli transgressions and the severe , if not brutal response to their violations,
