the other half eagerly expect it . 
  wait . 
  that ai n't right . 
  well , iraq and a hard place . 
  but let 's not quibble, 
  well yes the invincible-class ships could n't . 
  but the new carriers are a whole different ballgame . 
  also the invincible-class ships were designed as asw cruisers , so helicopters were the main air component by design . 
  they really , * really * did n't . 
  although it 's good to see that the ridiculous plan of sharing the carriers with france wo n't be going ahead . 
  first one that made me squint, 
  german humour is no laughing matter, 
  well in wales the men are men , and sheep are nervous . 
  whereas as in scotland the men are men and so are half the women . 
  it 's wonderful that you have a grasp on country-ranked family imprisonment ( basement subsection ) . 
  we do n't . 
  we do n't have to . 
  you 've got the best ale on the planet . 
  nevermind the food . 
  except cheese , crack on with the cheesemakers , blessed be they . 
  i was labouring under the misapprehension that india was in asia !, 
  those sneaky brits !, 
  stuffed to the gills with russian cash ? 
  well yeah , but that one is n't in every movie made here in the fifties . 
  an italian colleague of mine says `` topp owf de mooornin '' to me . 
  every day . 
  well , you do get the odd bit of grumbling from certain folk when passing a polski sklep, 
  i 'm not racist , i just do n't accept political correctness gone mad and i just speak plainly , like, 
  seriously . 
  massive surprise, 
  [ dundalk , ireland ] ( http://imgur.com/j2sofkr.jpg ) - staying with the folks for the weekend . 
  lovely day today . 
  ryanair have never flown from heathrow . 
  i missed them in brazil . 
  oh christ . 
  did n't know that . 
  `` legal and safe way '' ! = `` flood gates '' , silly rhetorical phrase . 
  ireland i suppose . 
  no no no . 
  the purpose of the vp is to carry out the office of president if required to . 
  what they get up to in the meantime is immaterial . 
  that palin is qualified to cast a tie breaker does n't mean anything . 
  not britain 's shining moment but hardly genocide . 
   i still do n't quite understand how automated landings are . 
  nor how dependent on visuals . 
  they can be anything from hand flown to completely automated for modern airfields and avionics . 
  generally the ils gets you on the glideslope and the last couple of minutes is flown manually . 
  setting up a fully automated landing is a lot more work for the pilots . 
   are there any passenger planes / airports where descent and landing can be fully automated ? 
  yes . 
   are there any planes / airports where descent and landing can be relatively easily accomplished via readings in the cockpit but no visuals ? 
  if the equipment is available and weather permits , blind landings are possible and frequent . 
   also should n't / could n't there be outside cameras with lenses covered for protection during normal flight , to be activated in time like this for some visual aid ( indeed the angle of vision would be different , but you could be trained to use them no ? ), 
  not really that useful . 
  if you ca n't see out of the cockpit then airframe cameras wo n't do any better . 
  some newer business jets have enhanced visibility on the hud , either ir or photon magnification , but it 's kind of a gimmick imo . 
  it * will * be made public . 
  christ . 
   farmers in co tipperary are going on armed patrols at night amid fears of rural burglaries , ** it has been claimed . 
  ** in other news - farmers in tipperary want to be on the news . 
  started working in a big tech company in the middle of 2008 . 
  engineer there had the same name as me and i got some of his email from time to time . 
  chap had 3 apartments in sofia on about a 60k salary . 
  i wonder how he 's doing now . 
  that 's handy . 
  shades of [ veronica guerin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veronica_guerin ), 
  same for me but the netherlands . 
  flat . 
  real ira carried out the omagh bombing back in 1998 . 
  their political branch is the 32-coutny sovereignty movement . 
  i agree completely . 
  what makes sense is avoiding being a cunt when you * do n't have to * . 
  nobody has a right to a particular audience . 
  if they do n't want you it 's no major loss . 
  of course if this decision is taken with an unreasonable and overly critical sense of righteousness then we have a problem . 
  but not a legal problem . 
  it 's about making an effort to avoid being a cunt . 
  too much is clearly counter productive , but everyone should make the effort . 
  of course i 'm not arguing for expression of opinions to be illlegal - that 's not the same thing as being careful with how you express yourself . 
  that does n't look right . 
  also uk is listed twice . 
  yeah it 's an english writer being republished in haaretz . 
  chill out . 
  you 're not even attempting to `` reason '' . 
  original post is a sarcastic snide piece of shite . 
  you followed it up with assumptions and insults . 
  do n't pretend anything you 're doing is `` reasoning '' . 
  no , you 're just being a jerk . 
  at least attempt a reasonable tone . 
  oh for christ 's sake knock it off . 
  of course , i was feeling spontaneous . 
  do n't think the world has suffered too much by it . 
  there are a suprising amount of people who believe that english spoken with an irish accent is itself the irish language . 
  oblast being a somewhat more awesome name . 
  it 's hard to give directions to craggy island as it 's usually assumed that if you 're moving away from it you 're heading in the right direction . 
  just travel west out of galway and keep going past the british ships dumping nuclear waste . 
  that 's very much not the issue at hand . 
  answering a question about censorship by pointing at * classification * is disingenuous at best . 
  over-classification is a serious problem and one seemingly endemic to large organisations focused on national security . 
  but it 's absolutely nothing to do with the question being asked .
