  it 's not hard to do ? 
  honestly ? 
  where did that picture come from ? 
  so ... what 's the deal with skilled workers emigrating to denmark ? 
  how do you do it these days ? 
  could you do something about the macaroni and cheese ? 
  i was in hospital for a long time and i 'm still in and out sadly . 
  the food was n't great but you know it could be worse i guess . 
  generally i 'd tick the menu sheet thing based on how easy the food would be to make . 
  so you know it would have a better chance of tasting good . 
  so one day there was mac and cheese . 
  `` yes ! '', 
  i thought . 
  `` that shit is delicious and even a child could get that right '' . 
  i waited for it for like a day and a half and when i got it , it was awful . 
  pure white and tasted like flour not cheese . 
  i was shattered . 
  please fix the mac and cheese . 
  on the other hand that is the best looking nhs meal i 've ever seen . 
  speaking as someone that has had to eat a lot of nhs food . 
  it looks bloody delicious . 
  where can i get it in the uk ? 
  i need it . 
  and me . 
  i 'm a right prick . 
  it 's the same with scotland and the united kingdom . 
  as inequality climbs we 're going to see more and more of this . 
  she went down fighting . 
  i wonder if she 's married ... ( ' :, 
  senmd more gin \u00b7 \u00b7 \u00b7 -- -- -- \u00b7 \u00b7 \u00b7, 
  `` why are the scottish so drunk ? '', 
  `` because they 're scottish . '', 
  roasted . 
   do n't order a cappuccino after 11 am . 
  seriously . 
  why not ? 
   do n't wear anything ostensibly jewish , especially if in oslo why ? 
  but at what cost . 
  how many villages must lay in ruin before the madness stops . 
   who says we need to drink so `` much '' on top of what we are already drinking ? 
  well if you do n't the rest of europe might question your commitment . 
  well obviously they 're going to come off when the wearers get legless . 
  stupid idea ... 
  what 's a femen ? 
   i still mourn thatchers death . 
  i 'd hate to be reminded that she 's left us . 
  mr cameron ? 
   binge drinking holiday mate we call those `` trans-continental ethanol expeditions '' , actually . 
  it 's not funny at all . 
  how would you like it if a tourist asked where thatcher was buried ? 
  bad taste . 
  crossing a line . 
   do not mention the war ( unless in informal surroundings ) indeed . 
  it was mega awkward when i demanded an apology for wwii from the nearest german as soon as i crossed the border . 
  i 'm a principled man though . 
  i had to clear the air . 
  quiet sweden . 
  we learned our lesson the hard way chap . 
  do n't do it . 
  turn back while you still can . 
  do it for the witcher 3 . 
  it 's just people . 
  war is an ugly thing . 
  it makes people do ugly things . 
  they do n't have the same attitude to death as we do . 
  if they did how could they do their job ? 
  poland no !, 
  you ca n't drink that much booze do n't do it, 
  britain here . 
  indeed my people face a similar struggle due to our enormous genitalia . 
  every day is a constant battle . 
  he 's so desperate to appear non-xenophobic he 's turned to hating on his own people . 
  no to be politically crippled and ridden with guilt for something they had no hand in . 
  i do know that my grandfather felt bad about that one till the end . 
  my dad mentioned it . 
  he was n't the same person after the war . 
  like i said war is a terrible thing and bitching about who was worse during it is petty unproductive at this stage . 
  we all have bigger problems . 
  oh so the current german people deserve it ? 
  i 've never heard anyone ignore dresden personally . 
  my grandfather flew on that mission actually . 
  my father used to talk about how it was an awful thing to do regularly when i was growing up . 
  the general message for me was the war is bad , we all did some terrible things during it and we should maintain peace at all costs . 
  and we 're degenerating into a `` yeah well you did this , oh but you did that . 
  no you 're worse '' argument . 
  well done chaps . 
  indeed . 
  this is the lasting damage of ww2 on germany . 
   i wish we honored soldiers in a more solemn context . 
  we do i think . 
  over here it 's not bloodthirsty glory . 
  more a quiet acknowledgment of suffering and sacrifice . 
  it 's the reason why we have a moment of silence every year . 
   at that scale - yes . 
  then it just turns into a meaningless debate of who was worse than who . 
  which is never productive . 
  i think it 's time to move on personally . 
   but humble lutyens crosses paid for by local villages to remember the annihilated generation that never made it home . 
  communities remembering their dead in the wake of the worst war this country has ever seen in terms of losses . 
  completely .
