   you do realise that the soviets were occupying your country when the americans were still in france , right ? 
  you are demonstrating extreme ignorance regarding how communist regimes were installed and are oversiplifying to an unbelievable extent . 
  the yalta terms did not allow for russia to install puppet regimes and russia broke them . 
  bulgaria was not ruled by a communist government until ** 1946 ** , and according to the history books i am reading , at that time france was not occupied . 
  instead of keeping russian power-grabs at bay , the us and the uk allowed for the opposition in bulgaria to be eradicated between 1944 and 1946 , and only after that was a communist government installed . 
  it was a lengthy process which the us and the uk just stood by and watched . 
  it was in vialation of the treaties at the time and has caused immesurable damage to my country . 
  hence , this should never be allowed to happen again in any way or form . 
   perhaps a permanent lease ( with strings attached , such as no invasions , but guarantees of no nato in ukraine ) would be agreeable . 
  perhaps not . 
  nato is an alliance between sovereign countries and it is up to them to decide whether to join or not . 
  russia does not have a sovereign right on ukraine . 
  and it defnitely should not be illigally annexing teritories . 
  in order to perserve peace in the future , nato must be firm . 
   you do realize sanctions always work both ways and always hit the people , not the government ? 
  the illigal war russia is waging in ukraine causes far more damage . 
  there are legal ways under international law to deal with such situations , even if that were true . 
  war crimes and illigal annexations are not among them . 
   so you wanted americans to die because you decided to join hitler ? 
  well , they did launch an attack on normandy for a country that supported tens of thousands of volunteers for hitler ... not to mention that there was no need for anyone to die , only to have a spine against stalin . 
   restoration of the constitution of the republic of crimea in 1992 you seem to be missing this key part . 
  hint : this option is not for keeping the status quo under the current constituion . 
  ... and the option for keeping things as they currently are under the current constitution is which one exactly ? 
   and europe survived . 
  we 'll survive putin . 
  no need for pointless sentimentalism in this topic . 
  the sentiments are not pointless . 
  half of europe was lost to communism due to spinelessness and appeasment of russia . 
  today , europe is making the same mistake . 
  russia lacks the capability to exploit its oil deposits without western technology . 
  if the sactions got more severe , russia 's economy would be destroyed in no time . 
   stalin did n't kill europe , i doubt putin will be able to . 
  stalin caused immesurable suffering and installed criminal regimes in all of eastern europe . 
  france was lucky not be among them , so next time , do n't say things like this . 
  you can not even begin to imagine the suffering communism has caused in europe . 
  also , most of them are not ukrainian citizens . 
  the russian government claims they are soldiers on vacation . 
  not even kidding . 
  they are sending soldiers without ids or russian uniforms . 
  for the captured soldiers , the russian government is claiming they went there on their own , taking a vacation from their millitary work . 
  russia pretending not to be directly involved in ukraine is among the most hypocritical and insolent things i have seen in my life . 
   luckily , your opinion on ukraines legitimacy as a state is worth as much as my shit . 
  you seem to be severely underestimating your shit . 
  i can find certain photos of a buk missle system that was certainly not hand-made by `` rebels '' and was used to shoot down a commercial airplane . 
  are you interested ? 
  i find it hilarous how russians ask for photos of their soldiers in ukraine . 
  they are not wearing the russian flag , since they are send there illigally . 
  what is next , asking me for a written order by putin ? 
  russia 's millitary presence in ukraine is very well documented , hence the sanctions . 
   some people in the russian speaking areas accepted it . 
  not really . 
  this is a russian talking point . 
  just like the crimea referendum done under millitary occupation without even including an option for keeping the status-quo in it . 
   if we do n't understand why this happened and either find a compromise or confront the root cause , it wo n't be prevented when it happens again . 
  the root cause is putin exploiting nationalism ( or , let 's face it-fascism ) in order for him and his oligarchic friends to stay in power . 
  there was no risk for him while the russian economy was doing good , but once it stagnated , he needed an enemy so the russian people do n't realise the real enemy is in the kremlin . 
  hence , the war on ukraine . 
  in order to adress this issue , real sanctions on russia need to be implemented , unlike the current toothless ones . 
   right now , you do n't have to . 
  just remember . 
  that is not enough . 
  real sanctions need to be implemented . 
  i wish the european union would grow a spine against putinism . 
  regaining their own country from the russian millitary is not a `` creeping offense '' , it is imperative for any state that is being attacked by a country without respect for law and democracy . 
  do not let go . 
  fight . 
  as long as russia meddles in your country , you will never prosper . 
  i wish the west was not so short-sighted , egoistical and morally bankrupt and supported ukraine . 
  this is a war for the very existance of the idea of democracy , human values and a united europe . 
  no need to wage war . 
  real sanctions would be enough . 
  russia will cruble in short time , it is much weaker than the ussr . 
  right now , we are letting putin win and meddle in out internal affairs . 
  this must be sanctioned and stopped , since the losses are immesuarable . 
   it 'd be wiser to impose sanctions and lose a bit money than spend millions on defense and suffer casualties , do n't you think ? 
  yes , especially when putin 's russia is an existential threat towards western civilisation ( and , you know , civilisation in general ) . 
  exactly . 
  if we managed to destroy communism with sanctions , putinism should not be much of a challenge if europe united against this plague . 
   human life is sacred , and we can only feel somewhat generally bad about what 's happening to ukraine , this is extremely cynical . 
  we can increase sanctions on russia in order to undermine its economy , just like we did with the communist plague . 
  putinism should be destroyed if europe is to survive . 
   thank you , we should be fine with russia 's support . 
  good try , putin . 
  leave already , no one wants you anyway . 
   there are many other dictatorships over there . 
  even in europe , there is belarus . 
  true , however belarus is hardly an example of democracy and prosperity . 
  and even they are not russia-level despotic . 
   all potential contractors refused to install stage and sound at the protest 's location gee , i wonder why that happened . 
  what could have possibly motivated contractors to forego profit and not install equipment for an anti-government protest in russia ? 
  what a coincidence !, 
   which , of course , was n't coordinated with authorities you do know it is only in russia that anti-government protests face that many nonsensical undemocratic bureaucratic obstacles selectively enforced only against them so as to obstruct any dissidence , right ? 
   just admit you lost . 
  no , i did n't . 
  you completely failed to demonstrate there is any legal basis for the enforcement of russian laws in a ukranian territory . 
  for all your talk of laws and legality , you do not seem to care for law at all . 
   if it does not apply , then this can not be called an `` occupation '' , crimea is just an our region now . 
  nope , it is n't . 
  there is no legal basis for it becoming a russian region . 
  under international law , it is still considered to be under the sovereignty of ukraine , since the status quo has n't changed legally .
