   if that happens , 99 % of the political elite in bulgaria would be in prison . 
  exactly , 
  i hope condoning the crimes of communism will be criminalised one day as well . 
  the bad news is that brexit will not help you in any way with eu immigration , as the english elites will never give up being part of the single market , and that is not possible without freedom of movement . 
  the good news is that a million isis members queing to go to the uk since they were granted citizenship by greece in order to extort the eu is pure delusion . 
  he is a lawyer . 
  his funding or area of study depent a lot less on the eu than you think and implying they do shows very little knowledge of law and frankly a quite simplistic view of the world . 
  if you really think that only eu contries study eu law , then you probably do n't know that some of the best universities for eu law are not in europem but in the usa . 
  there are a lot of american students studying eu law in the usa . 
  even in russia , china and ukraine a lot of universities teach eu law and it is very necessary for them . 
  basically any country that has any relationship with the european union needs lawyers with expertise in eu law . 
  if the uk is to enter the efta , the demand for eu lawyers will continue . 
  even if they do n't ( highly unlikely ) , the uk will still need to trade with the eu and negotiate deals , comply with its regulations when trading with it etc. 
  if you think he will be directly negatively affected by the uk leaving the eu , you are very wrong . 
  as long as the uk does not become a totalitarian dictatorship like north korea and stops trading with the eu completely , bans its citizens from entering the eu and bans eu law from universities , he is fine . 
   does n't attack the main arguments for leaving . 
  what are the main arguments he did not address ? 
   he 's a jean monnet chair whose funding comes straight from the eu . 
  what are you implying ? 
  while i completely dislike boris johnson , it is dishonest to blame only him . 
  the tories had been growing increasingly populist regarding the european union for a while now , they had been mostly silent when the eu needed to be defended against these attacks and if anything , they are as much to blame for giving legitimacy to anti-eu sentiments and xenophobia as boris johnson himself . 
  now that they have to reap what the had sown for decades , they are trying to blame a single person and are acting like no one else in their party was against the eu membemship . 
  in politics the fault never lies on one single person alone . 
  do n't blame your english , i doubt even the guy understands what he means . 
   all i care for is europe and peace in eu and i dont see russia as a threat so , you think the annextation of other countries ' territories and attacking neighbouring countries can not possibly be a threat to peace in europe ... looks like peace-loving russia is again victim of libel from warmongers , just like in 1956 and 1968 ... 
  if shills are indeed paid to say such bullshit , someone is definitely wasting their money . 
   ukraine is a failed state by a coup from usa , exploited to be the battlefield to bring eu in war with russia . 
  not russia is the evil here ... and crimea did vote for this ... they dont wan na be part of the new nazi state in ukraine . 
  nazi state in ukraine ... coup from the usa in order to start war with russia ... will putin shills ever tire of saying bullshit ? 
  looks like we fundamentally disagree on whether member states are equal and if there should be leading states and subordinate states . 
  as of now the eu is pseudo-federation and acting like some states are more important than others gets in the way of creating an actual european federation . 
  i fail to see how such actions would make the eu more effective since in the end the procedures in the treties are the same and these talks do not affect them , they only send a message of supperiority to more than half of the population of the european union . 
  it is normal for opinions to differ when we are on opposite ends of the spectrum-a citizen of a priviliged state that considers itself a leader would normally find this just , even though it is contrary to the values and goals of the european union . 
  so , let 's agree to disagree , but at least try to understand where the people unhappy with this attitude are coming from . 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  eu is not nato . 
  merkel or anyone else acting like they are the leader and treating other member states as subordinate sends the wrong message . 
  imagine in the united states governers of the richest states gathering to decide the fate of the smaller states . 
  how do you think americans would feel ? 
  [ this article in the financial times regarding a similar case sums this attitude perfectly . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a5486a10-3ad9-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0.html#axzz4can72vu0 ) the 4th paragraph says that there are actually 27 members of the eu , minus britain and that for the original six to meet to formulate policy sends a deeply irritating message to the other 21 that they are lesser members of the eu , and that their voices count for less . 
  this is happening in the context of discussions about creating eu on seperate speeds , which could very well mean leaving less `` important '' members out of a deeper union between member states that consider themselves better than the others . 
  talks about effectiveness and importance only mask this thinly veiled feeling of supperiority . 
  you could argue that these members are somewhat more important , but that is not the point . 
  such messages are ideed deeply irritating and contrary to the values , ideas and vision behind the european union . 
  this is the question you should be . 
  it is not about the formal procedures but about the message this is sending . 
  it is not one of equality among all member states . 
  this is why sanctions against russia should continue and become more severe . 
  easy to say when you consider yourself a leader . 
  this is not how things should be at all . 
  it is looked down upon even when national party leaders do it in similar situations , let alone in the eu which is critisised for lack of democracy . 
  such attittude will eventually be the eu 's undoing . 
  it does n't matter . 
  it is a matter of prestige for russia , military tactics are not relevant in this case . 
  russia want to keep the illusion of being a superpower and losing one of the few foreign military bases is not good for its image . 
  assad destroyed his country in order to stay in power . 
  you are naive if you think he is the best option in syria , especially considering his role in creating isis . 
   they have been shown to bow to politics ( i.e. 
  russia ) how exactly ? 
  or you think russia 's economy is in great shape , with an undeclared war , political murders , low oil prices , eu energy diversification and anti-monopoly laws ( including an ongoing ivestion by the commission against gazprom ) , low ruble , sanctions , international isolation and all that ? 
  they are not bashing people who voted leave , they are bashing the racist xenophobic bigots who bullied people of non-white and/or non-english decent . 
  i am sure the people who hold a sign that says `` stop immigration . 
  start repatriation '' are reasonable , non-racist and escpecially not-xenophobic people . 
  in fact , i am sure that there has n't been a single instance in their entire lives that a xenophobic though had crossed their minds !, 
  i am for laws to be enforced and for any illigal immigrants to be repatriated . 
  this sign is not calling for that . 
  this is about retroactive change in immigration requirements that potentiallly ruins lifes . 
  it is easy to call for something like this when you are not directly affected . 
  this is like suggesting we should have let the nazis have their way , so they could feel sorry afterwards , see the error in their ways and change their attitude ? 
  oh , wait , we already did this with communism and there are crowds of communists repenting for their crimes / s, 
  the majority of british people stand by and watch as these things happen . 
  then they go out , talk and laugh with such people as if they did nothing wrong . 
  xenophobia in the uk has reached truly disgusting heights . 
  so you think they have no right to vent on the internet ? 
  better stay silent then ? 
  these accidents might seem unlikely only to people who have never had to deal with racism towards them . 
   why would they always look down on them ? 
  people can and do change . 
  generations change slowly . 
  the mentality of the poorly educated bigots even more so . 
  this is sort of the point . 
  would you be happy if the u.s.a. were 50 seperate countries in an uneffective trade agreement with little political power , seperate militaries etc ? 
  do you think united states like that would be as powerful as they are now ? 
  europe needs to federalise , otherwise the union is doomed . 
  this is the original goal the eu founding fathers had . 
  i really hope that brexit will lead to a positive change in the eu and new treaties soon . 
  something needs to be done for eastern europe , especially bulgaria and romania who are currently struggling to catch up . 
  as a bulgarian i feel like european funding does little more than feed corruption in my country and slow down viable economic progress . 
  politicians can say whatever they want , does n't make the treaties any less applicable . 
  after all , lying and bluffing is what politicians do . 
  you should not give in to informal threats . 
  germany does not have any more power than the treaties allow . 
  you should read about the eu parliament and the european council . 
  last time i checked , there was no german hegemony there . 
  do you know anything about the eu ** at all ** ? 
  the eu is not preventing anyone from holding a referendum like the one in the uk . 
  i have n't heard of other countries planning to hold a referendum on the membership , but uk has always been special ... in a not flattering way . 
  stop projecting uk eurosceticism on eu members . 
  and when the eu court of justice orders you to pay exorbitant fines then what ?
