  i would be very interest to see the uk not respecting decisions by the eu court of justice . 
  would be spectacular / s i am glad that even uk politicians are not are short-sighted as you . 
  `` the whole thing '' aims to become a federation from the day it was created . 
  uk never realised this and i am glad they are leaving . 
  now hopefully we can finally have a federation . 
  very stupid analogy . 
  the soviet union would have sent tanks by now . 
  still better than the uk deal after the referendum . 
  they will point to minorities then . 
  it is getting late and i have shit to do tomorrow . 
  i hope i will wake up to an overwhelming remain win . 
   goodnight , folks . 
  probably not long , especially if the eu does not offer very favourable trading terms to england , which is entirely possible . 
  scotland would definitely blame england for the economic downfall that would come after leaving the eu . 
  it is very frustrating how people vote leave out of frustration for national politics . 
  how does leaving the eu address issues with national politics ? 
  exactly . 
  a referendum about eu membership is not the time to vent one 's frustration with local politician . 
  no wonder local populists are against the eu-otherwise , people would see who the real enemy is . 
  hope not . 
  common sense should win over bigotry and ignorance . 
  this referendum could put an end to the populist wave in europe . 
  if leave is to win , kremlin would be celebrating . 
   no , sanctions are only going to increase putin 's support , it 's a known phenomenon . 
  like they increased gorbachev 's support ? 
  hopefully !, 
   you must be joking . 
  there is nothing keeping russia from sanctioning individual member states . 
  if russia tried to sanction an individual member state , the entire european union would impose counter-sanctions . 
  your argument is laughable . 
   and no , the war in ukraine ( which we do n't owe anything to ) is n't nearly as destructive as sanctions . 
  keeping peace in europe is not as destructive as sanctioning an agressive rogue state ? 
  i guess people thought that way of germany , and look at the cost of war of world war 2 . 
  as for not owing anything to ukraine-european ( human ) values make it imperative for us to lo prevent aggression and help out those in need . 
  it is a moral imperative , but it only applies to people with moral . 
  i am glad the eu is sactioning russia . 
  otherwise , they will come for us next . 
   some ukrainian citizens did not like it , but clearly in your eyes these ( more vocal and violent ) people had more rights to decide the future of their country than others ( including democratically elected government ) . 
  then the cowardly puppet yanukovich should have resigned and new elections should have been held . 
  if he was elected again on this new platform , no protests would have happened . 
  he did a complete 180 on the platform he was elected on , people protested and he refused to hold new elections to see his support . 
  the `` same ukrainians '' is a stupid russian talking point ignorant of how elections and democracy work . 
  no one can be elected on one platform and do a complete 180 , then refuse to do new elections and claim to be legitimate . 
  no , puppet , you are not in any way legitimate and need to resign . 
   they tried to secede for twenty fucking years and why in the world would they want to be attacked by anyone 's army ? 
  when did they declare indedepence , when did they send their own representatives to the united nations , when did they ask for recognition as a state ? 
  when did their government refuse to recognise the ukranian governemnt ? 
  when did they create an independent state of their own ? 
  never fucking ever . 
  they never even tried to secede . 
  holding a referendum is not secession . 
   why in the world would they want to be attacked by anyone 's army ask russia . 
  ukraine would have never used force against crimea if they tried to secede , it was russia annexing it due to their puppet president being ousted . 
  no secession arguments here , no accute secession tendencies in recent years , no conflicts , nothing . 
  that is all there is to it-russia wanted to punish ukraine for refusing to be a slave to russia . 
  everything else is an afterthought . 
  the eu if far less dependent on russia and russia on the eu . 
  nothing like that would happen , in fact it would be better for the eu economy if it collectively negotiated a single gas price and applied all european competition rules to russia . 
  as for the exports to russia-almost complete embargo and no high technologies . 
  with cheap gas prices and virtually no technological export , russia will not be even able to drill for oil and gas and support its millitary . 
  crimea 's annexation had nothing to do with seperatist tendencies , it was done solely because putin 's puppet yanukovich was ousted due to his efforts to serve russia and distance ukraine from europe . 
  ukrainian citizens did not like this and they protested him out of office . 
  russia annexed crimea because until that point it had viewed ukraine as a puppet stated without soveregnty and ukraine disagreed . 
  that is all there is to it . 
  it is not like crimea tried to secede , declared indepence and was attacked by the ukranian army . 
  numerous countries have seceded successfully completely peacefully and without being annexed . 
  crimea did not declare independence or do any acts for legally establishing independence . 
  montenegro seceded without any problems , for example . 
   and since 1944 you did n't have some pesky russian tanks on your soil ? 
  that is n't an occupation for you ? 
  just as much as france was occupied . 
  certainly not enought to establish control over the country . 
  the country was not ruled by the russian army . 
  do n't forget that bulgaria 's millitary was intact and fought against germany . 
  you are misinterpreting what `` occupation '' meant in this case . 
  until 1946 , russia did not claim bulgaria as a sphere of influence . 
   do you want me to explain how spheres of influence work ? 
  everybody has them . 
  ask algeria , ask chile and guatemala etc. 
  you do seem not understand the way the sphere of influences were distributed after world war 2 . 
  the distribution was made in order to prevent russia from installing puppet governments , yet they violated it . 
  russia has no respect for law or legal obligations . 
   what war crimes were committed there ? 
  there are reports of numerous war crimes in ukraine and after commiting them russia pulled out of the international criminal court in order to avoid prosecution . 
  this speaks enough . 
   i agree that annexation is n't something we should be comfortable in 21th century talk about understatement . 
  next thing , you will say that hitler was perhaps not completely right . 
   but what are those `` legal ways '' crimean citizens could resolve their issues there is the right to determination under the charter of the united nations . 
  you can read about it . 
  i am not a constitutionalist , all i know is that even though russia organised the referendum under a millitary occupation , they still did not include a proper status-quo option , just to be sure . 
  this pervervasion of a referendum holds no legimacy whatsoever , hence almost no civilised countries recognise it . 
   oh great and how are the sanctions going to stop it ? 
   what feels good is n't always what is good . 
  stop making decisions based on emotions . 
  russia 's economy would collapse and putin 's regime would lose its support . 
  economic sanctions ruined the soviet union , which was far more independent and stable than russia . 
   check your history book , how ww2 started buddy . 
  no one forced bulgaria to join hitler . 
  great , i guess this is why communism was installed in poland as well , right ? 
  not to mention that bulgaria fought against hitler and the tens of thousands of dead soldiers fighting hitler deserve respect that you are certainly not paying right now .
