[ with emissions like these ? 
  ] ( http://www.extremecentrepoint.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/0_327b8_b8be86d0_xl_thumb.jpg ) chances are the polar caps will melt before it reaches syria . 
  god help us all . 
  if the emissions do n't kill us all first . 
  i can see the polar caps melting just by looking at it ... 
   this blogger , sokolovsky , started whining about being prosecuted immediately . 
  what a whiner , who cares about his political and human rights ? 
  he should have protested from the safety of his own home , without filming it or telling anyone !, 
  why is he disturbing the putin overlord ? 
  must be soros paying him !, 
  complying with an idiotic law of a corrupt government is not a very smart thing to do , though . 
  you should n't call someone an idiot for having a spine to protest against a thoroughly corrupt oligarchy hiding behind populism and nationalism in order to continue to scam naive people out of their money , political and human rights . 
  how can he be punished for a video , since you can not convict someone on the basis of a video alone without a seperate source confirming that the video was in fact an accurate representation of reality . 
  also , they can not force him to testify against himself . 
  at least that is how things work in civilised countries , i do n't know what the case is for russia . 
  you claimed eastern european countries are not annoyed by free movement , yet they are , it is you who are not familiar with the situation there . 
  direct quote :  except i really doubt these eastern european countries were as annoyed by free movement as the uk considering the movement tends to be east to west . 
  i am perfectly aware of the reasons for brexit , it is just that you are dead wrong on eastern european countries not being annoyed by free movement , as the definitely are , just for different reasons . 
  you think brain drain is not a problem ? 
  if anything , emigration is worse for eastern european countries than western european one . 
  i would love for my country to have the uk immigation . 
  compaining about immigrants is very short-sighted . 
  hey guys , [ how did i do ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/japan/maps/japan-map-2016.gif ) ? 
  nato would never support any side in a domestic conflict . 
  this is not what nato is for . 
  you can not take over everyone with strength . 
  contrary to popular belief , it is not possible to rule over large groups of people who oppose you . 
  it is better to give up than kill people meaninglessly . 
  if you have to kill people en masse , you have already lost and it is better to give up , even if you have tanks . 
  actually , shooting civilians during a coup is not very common and it is definitely not a good idea . 
  or a false flag operation . 
  a coup over in 4 hours and the president landing heroically ? 
  come on . 
  al jazeera claims they have confirmed it from an indepedent source . 
  link ? 
  i stayed until 3:26 , so you should feel lucky . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  and to think i had important stuff to do . 
  it is impossible for a real coup to be this ridiculous . 
  both the al jazeera and the fox live broadcasts . 
  also , [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/live/world-europe-36811357 ) live feed says that pro-erdogan forces have gained control over the national televions building . 
  it seems to be pretty much over . 
  there are reports that the coup attempters have lost ankara and istanbul . 
  things do not seem good for them . 
   if i tell a bloke to jump off a cliff , it 's surely up to him to go `` wait , that 's a bad idea '' it is a crime to incite suicide , you know . 
  it is very cynical to call comunist attrocities like the chinese faminine or the ukrainian famine `` poor public policy '' when you never lived under that regime , especially when talking to a person from an ex-communist country who has seen and suffered these things himselves . 
  apply the same standarts for everyone . 
  i have no time to debunk all the bullshit you are claiming , for e.g. 
  millions of native americans murdered rather than killed by germs , or the famine in ukraine or china being `` poor public policy '' , or the khmer rouge not being communists ( yeah , the communist party of kampuchea is totally fascists in disguise , right ? ) . 
  i understand that you are a gullible , proably very young person who has most likely read a bunch of idealistic stuff about socialism and some pseudo-historic sources directly from soviet/russian propaganda , but you will hopefully one day grow up , do some reading and realise that communism is not better that nazism . 
  it is very simple-read the article about communist atrocities i have provieded . 
  i am not saying any system is perfect , i am saying that communism is proably the system that caused the most destruction in the world , among with fascism and nazism . 
  you can not even begin to compare communism to democracy . 
  i am saying this as a person who has experience with both . 
  what have you experienced ? 
  read a few internet posts and wikipedia pages from a safe , european country ? 
  give me a break . 
  go being edgy somwhere else without disrespecting the tragedy of millions of people murdered and billions of people 's lives destroyed in ways you can not possible imagine . 
   since capitalism has killed far more people than communism ever did what a load of fucking bullshit . 
  communism killed more people than even fascism at time it existed . 
  not to mention that you ca n't claim `` capitalism '' killed people , because it is not a decision of the central governemtn , while communist genocidies and famines , killing sparrows in result starving millions in china or even the murder of people for wearing glasses by the khmer rouge are indeed decisions by a central government . 
  go educate yourself . 
  communism killed more than 100 million people and destroyed the lives and future of billions . 
  you get a lot of perks , like a paycheck from kremlin , the opportunity to betray your own contry , humiliate or even kill those smarter than you , and of course poor people treating you like an important person . 
  you also get luxurious items like bread or bananas without waiting in queues !, 
  and if you by any chance rape some pleb woman , all you need to do is call a few numbers and everything is sorted . 
  indeed a lot of perks !, 
  it is by no accident that the peole nostalgic of the regime are solely the priviliged former members of the pary . 
  this is why i said `` poorer or on the same level '' . 
  the difference between $ 420 and $ 590 in 1938 and $ 6,800 and $ 17,703 clearly shows that communism indeed created poverty . 
  communism did n't do anything to people 's work ethics ? 
  i beg to differ , as a person coming from an ex-communist country . 
  communism completely destroyed any incentive to work hard , because people outside of the political elite had no options for career growth . 
  you are the best expert in your field ? 
  good for you , the best you can do is serve some incompetent communist , appointed for political reasons . 
  nothing does more damage than the idea that it does n't matter how hard you work , all that matters is how connected you are . 
  you have no incentive to work or develop , as there are no options . 
  illiterates ( literally ) could be your bosses just because they are `` children of active fighters against fascism and capitalism '' or they themseles helped communists kill political opponents without trial . 
  you have perfect scores on your university entry exam ? 
  well , what about your recomendation by the local communist party comittee ? 
  you do n't have one ? 
  too bad . 
  you want to move to a different city ? 
  too bad . 
  you want to study what you love ? 
  well , be ready to be forced by the state to work in a specific town or more often villige in the opposite part of the country without any friends or relatives there for a few years , state 's orders . 
  you have an idea how to make your factory more efficiant ? 
  great , if you can produce stuff more cheaply , we will buy it more cheaply and cut some salaries , as the factory now earns less . 
  etc , etc. 
  and that does not even begin to account for the criminal transition period , during which people lost all their savings due to rampant inflation . 
  everyone who tried to start a business of his own was threatened by thugs , who controlled the market and forced people out of business . 
  if you are not a competitor , good for you-now you have to pay for protection , a percentage of your profit , otherwise `` something bad will happen to your business or your family '' . 
  no , this does not explain how greece ended up way richer than the countries behind the iron curtain despite being poorer or on the same economic level as neighbouring countries before ww2 . 
  it also does not explain the very obvious example with east and west germany . 
  communists in bulgaria under cremlin 's order unofficially killed more than 12 000 people with higher education after world war 2 . 
  they also killed or ostracized the entire intellectual ellite of the country , chasing world-renowned professors and scientiest from the universities . 
  the 12 000 murders above do not even account for the criminal so-called `` court of the people '' , which killed more 3000 people , the majority of the political and intellectual elite , especially those opposed to totalitarism , all of this under direct stalin 's orders to kill everyone who is a threat to a future comunist regime regardless of guilt , facts or even basic legal procedure . 
  communism is one the biggest evils that has ever befallen the world . 
  the damage it caused is immesurable and should never be forgotten . 
  any fight against these criminal regimes is justified and commendable .
