   even if you consider it to be an occupied territory , geneva convention applies in such cases , read it . 
  like it or not , recognize it or not , our administrative law has full force in crimea . 
  the geneva convention applies only to wars-who is russia at war with again ? 
  when did they declare it ? 
  the geneva convention is simply not applicable here , so again , russia has no basis upon which to enforce anything . 
  so much with `` he should follow the law '' - he did , unlike the criminal thugs that beat him up . 
   even if you consider it to be an occupied territory , geneva convention applies in such cases , read it . 
  like it or not , recognize it or not , our administrative law has full force in crimea . 
  last i heard , russia was denying occupying crimea , so it really has no legal basis upon which to enforce any laws there . 
  prohorov became a billionaire thanks to putin and after he fell out of grace with putin was forced to sell his assets . 
  he is now planning to flee the country . 
  not a very good example , do n't you think ? 
   if you do n't understand how russia works from inside , well , it 's not my problem , it 's your problem . 
  i understand that if you expose corruption , you might be locked up without any legal basis and then murdered . 
  this is in no way pro-government , so the point stays . 
   if he would do it near a court ? 
  totally the same . 
  courts are heavily guarded objects , police would react in seconds . 
  name a single instance when a pro-russian protester faced similar repercussions . 
  surely there has been at least one person who protested in such way in the history of russia ? 
   i 'm disgusted that my country has to share the same past with yours as a bulgarian , i share your disgust . 
   i think the main reason behind such a belief is weakness of western expert society . 
  do n't blame the messenger . 
  name a single billionaire who opposes putin without repercussions . 
  if russia is n't putin , there must be one or two billionaires who are not directly subordinate to him , right ? 
   well , no . 
  i 'm not putin despite the fact that i am russian . 
  try exposing any corruption in russia without ending up like magnitsky then . 
   'm glad for estonia , but we have different laws . 
  legally , crimea is still part of ukraine , since its annexation is illegal . 
  for someone so fixated on laws , you seem to have very little problem with russia annexing crimea illegally . 
  there are no legal grounds upon which russia can enforce any of its laws in crimea . 
  there is no such case in germany or france . 
  you do not understand their law . 
  cite any case law whatsoever by a french or german court-there is none . 
   law is law and this man is a provocateur so , you think the reaction of the police would have been identical if the sign he was holding was `` crimea is russian '' or something like that ? 
  do you really believe that ? 
   russia is a large country , we have a lot of space for protests . 
  we are talking about crimea and ukraine , why are you bringing russian law into this ? 
   thousands of places , like what for example ? 
  his own home , however , he should do it as silently as possible . 
  why did n't he protest there , huh ? 
   i 'm not saying i like this law . 
  but if you want to consider legislation , his actions are indeed illegal under our country 's laws . 
  his actions are not in any way illegal , since as far as i know the european convention on human rights still applies there . 
  i know human rights are an unknown concept to russia , but crimea is still part of ukraine , so the convention applies . 
   healthy and wealthy to violate laws in the civilized world , criticizing putin or for that matter , any homegrown dictator is not a crime . 
   they could stay with more autonomy as per ukrainian constitution . 
  they chose to leave . 
  they could n't choose to stay with ukraine without any change , this was literally not on the ballot . 
  ** do you deny that there was not a status quo option on the ballot , i.e. 
  stay in ukraine just like until now ? 
  **  ha , as far as remember kosovo was a `` special case '' and set a precedent which crimea used you remember wrong . 
  kosovo 's independence took more than a decade to achieve and there were lots of abuses by the serbian state . 
  there was a un security council resolution regarding serbian abuses . 
  furthermore , kosovo was not annexed by anyone , it simply because independent . 
  on the other hand , crimea was illigally annexed in the course of less than two weeks without any abuses by the ukranian government . 
  not to mention not a single un security council resolution , nothing at all . 
  just a referendum done during a millitary occupation which did n't include a status quo option . 
  hence , since kosovo was not annexed by anyone , its independence took decades of negotiations to achieve , there were numerous abuses by the serbian government that were recognised by the un security council and serbia was still not complying , kosovo and the annexation of crimea are in no way comparable . 
   the right to self-determination of kosovo is no different from crimea . 
  if you think kosovo is legal , crimea is legal too . 
  you do not seem to understand the right to self-determination . 
  there are legal procedures under the charter of the united nations and international law regarding self-determination . 
  none of them involve military occupation and annexation . 
  nothing of the sort happened in kosovo by any measure . 
   it is not true they could vote to stay . 
  they could n't vote to stay under the same conditions as before . 
  there simply was n't such an option provided . 
  literally , there was no option for status quo . 
  none . 
  the people of crimea were not even allowed to vote for keeping things as they were before-literally , this option was not on the ballot . 
   you said russia is to blame for destabilizing syria and now you are telling me they are fighting to keep assad in power . 
  can you really not comprehend how they are not mutually exclusive ? 
  you have n't read any of the articles i have link , have you ? 
  i am completely sure you have n't . 
  the release of extremists was a tactic employed by assad in other to destroy the opposition back in 2011 . 
  it resulted in the creation of isis . 
  the founders of isis are the people assad released in 2011 . 
   are you bipolar or something ? 
  you sound just as mature , as you are informed and well-read . 
   i asked you to show me how russia founded isis and you tell me about what assad did . 
  russia supported assad from the beginning and they are as much to blame as he is . 
   you are one of these small minded people and you are one of those mature , civil people that it is a pleasure to talk to !, 
   believe it or not , that piepline is a minor issue in the grand scheme of things that are going on around syria . 
  you know nothing of the economy of russia , do you ? 
  and have n't checked what their main export is , like , ever in your entire life ? 
  having competition in europe is their worst nightmare , and they are most definitely willing to go war over it . 
  the very fact you initially thought i claimed russia overthrew assad has to be among the most inane things i have read and speaks volumes of your reading comprehension . 
  and now , unless you change your attitude and apologise , i will not reply to you further . 
   but syria , iraq and libya do n't ... 
  true , this is why one should not make absolute statements . 
   that 's how middle-east works . 
  either be a brutal dictator or see your country in anarchy . 
  lebanon , kuwait and morocco seem to be doing ok without a brutal dictator . 
   based on kosovo precedent , crimea looks pretty legal . 
  who was kosovo annexed by again ? 
  which country specifically annexed it ? 
   majority voted crimexit . 
  you are aware that there was ** no option ** to vote for status quo , right ?
