  just want to make sure you 're being ideologically consistent . 
  `` we were here first '' is to be quite honest , a dumb argument . 
  its one the jews could equivalently make , as the arabs invaded judea when it was a roman province . 
  the greeks could claim anatolia for the same reason . 
  -  there has never been an independent state in judea that was not jewish . 
  restated : -  there has never been a sovereign arab state in palestine, 
  \\  when your argument is this good . 
  so foreigner `` squatters '' are `` foreign invaders '' i guess when you see muslims in the streets in utrecht it feels like ww2 seeing germans ? 
  arab world : yes , we want own country . 
  un : yes much self determinination , zer gut arab world : also it will be judenrein . 
   illegal jewish squatters uh , what is that supposed to mean ? 
  how do illegal squatters merit rocket attacks on civilians ??? 
  why does it matter they are jewish ? 
  palestinians are allowed to live in israel , why are jews not allowed to live in palestine ? 
  is this palestinian state supposed to be judenrein ? 
  to be honest , until there is a meaningful way to keep whatever palestinian government exists there accountable , it is crazy . 
  if an independent country launches rockets at another independent country , it 's simply an act of war . 
  that 's indisputable . 
  de-occupation , complete with total removal of settlers has been tried in gaza . 
  hamas was the answer . 
  i 'm not really talking about equality . 
  i 'm saying people 's intrinsic value has immeasurable value , and people 's relative worth is defined by what they do to demonstrate it . 
  no one should be born with more intrinsic value - they should demonstrate their value . 
  is this a statement of ideal or a statement of reality ? 
  no one should be given more `` inherent worth '' than another . 
   my stance is all sides have some good points and some nonsense points but this is simply not true . 
  sometimes people are just wrong . 
  like , all the time . 
  their heart is in the right place maybe , but they should n't be in a position to make decisions because they always have the wrong and destructive view of things . 
  typically you 'll find people on either far side of the political spectrum with destructive views . 
  also see `` zarna '' the seattle woman who shouted that a man was sexually harrassing her for making a dad joke . 
  she has a sizable online following of people that should not be making decisions . 
  h-how is this p-possible ?!? 
  the only difference is the peepee ???? 
  i have always argued that the gender gap in education is inexcusable . 
  i attended an all male school that catered to the specific educational needs for boys . 
  boys are different from girls , contrary to what hilbert-space intersectionality feminists want to tell you . 
  they have unique needs that when addressed , will yield great men for the next generation . 
  this is exactly right . 
  when you have institutional rules on books that limit access for one gender , you lose the right to say its `` just personal choice '' . 
  i know that a lot of these rules were put in the books to say `` well these are historically disadvantaged groups '' but at what point do you say the problem is solved ? 
  how do you deprecate these rules ? 
  reddit is male dominated so obviously there was less outrage . 
  but the '' '' '' `` gender gap '' '' '' '' has dominated popular discourse since the mid-late 20th century . 
  ca n't wait for the next level of edgyness , the reaction to these edgy jokes . 
  unironic statistics depicting a gap between 27 + genders meant to be taken seriously , but also to troll traditionalists . 
  not necessarily a bad thing . 
  it would be good if we can appreciate these issues have nuance . 
  to be fair , there is a difference between `` no evidence '' and `` no conclusive evidence '' . 
  it 's an interesting theory , and one that would make sense given men are more susceptible to even minute changes in genetic expression due to their lack of double x chromosomes and the differences in fetal development . 
  \\ ^ we got a provincial pleb here . 
  save for retirement kids :( just had my dad retire in extremadura near my mother 's hometown . 
  its a lovely and quiet place . 
  i 'm worried about my generation 's retirement prospects . 
  eastern europe begins at the elbe , confirmed !, 
   ankara  `` ankara '' on their flag but why ? 
   a trip about holocaust poor girl got more than she bargained for . 
  see the sights , and experience a sense of dread just for what you look like and how the people around you treat you . 
  the fusion of dup and conservatives creates the energy needed for the higgs boson to tunnel to a lower energy state , flipping the uk to another plane of existence entirely . 
  it seems like a lot of boats either see no action or get totaled/sunk whenever i read about them . 
  what an expensive investment : /, 
  as a spaniard/american dual national , you guys still had some quality boats : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adler_von_l%c3%bcbeck, 
  hmm , ok i thought i saw the same bookshelf at her previous office . 
  thanks for the info , 
  d : i 'm actually surprised to be quite honest . 
  this space is really not attractive at all . 
  is that carpet ? 
  that would get rather foul from everyone 's shoes coming to the office . 
  it also makes the air stuffy and collects smells . 
  there should be pleasant rugs and hardwood or stone depending on the floor - looks like higher floor so wood . 
  also germany developed many of the modern world 's beautiful architectural movements . 
  unfortunately this space does n't really show me any of them in a faithful way . 
  the ceiling looks too low for such a massive space . 
  there is one plant in the entire room . 
  the sterility is suffocating . 
  it does n't help that the seating arrangement is competletely without character . 
  it 's the plain oatmeal of seating arrangements . 
  pick a goddamn accent color and stick with it . 
  and it looks like she just lugged that huge bookshelf from her old office . 
  i ca n't imagine she has a sentimental attachement to such a huge piece of furniture so i have no idea why its in this space now . 
  it really doens ' t add anything interesting to the room and its so big and inconvenient . 
  there are also no floor lamps i can see anywhere . 
  i wo n't even begin to describe the problem with the lighting here :( all in all . 
  at least its very functional and clean and mutti can operate the levers of europe from here . 
  s t r o n g t a b l e, 
  make northumbria danish again . 
  danelaw when ? 
  i like polish , it sounds much happier and cheery than my boyfriend 's russian . 
  the problem is that a lot of people say that 's unfair because other people get a letter , and you get `` erasure '' in the form of a + . 
  gay dude here . 
  i always hated the alphabet soup . 
  imo `` sexual minorities '' pretty much describes everyone anyways so the silly lgbtqqi + + + + . 
  does n't pop up whenever a new group needs to feel represented . 
  i was just referring to the euroskeptics and the le pen voters and populists . 
  many people within the eu seem to dislike the eu . 
  even if its a small minority , its enough to make political discussion feel toxic :(, 
  i did n't think it was for revenge in the moment . 
  i thought it was because this would make the world safer . 
  revenge is something autocrats do . 
  no collective punishment !,
