would n't a restriction on capital for even state owned banks cause a reduction in available capital for russian businesses ? 
  the government will just seek capital domestically if it ca n't get it from overseas , reducing the available capital to private businesses . 
  what 's more is private investors see these businesses struggling with the increased burden of these measures , to say nothing of the risk of additional sanctions , so they ( wisely ) allocate their capital in a safer market . 
  this drives down the value of russian businesses in a cycle of capital flight . 
  its probably impossible to limit sanctions in such a way that they exclusively hurt only the leadership , but as you mentioned , there are ways of reducing the impact on those not responsible . 
  its a tough issue . 
  when there is a foreign threat people often go towards the strongest looking person . 
  look at bush in 2004 election . 
  just because people see a mistake was made , does n't mean that they wo n't double down on that mistake and then bury their heads in the sand about it until `` its too long ago to feel guilty about that person i voted for '' . 
  i remember seeing how stupid everyone was acting about the iraq war . 
  people calling those who opposed `` unamerican '' . 
  then republicans kept insisting there were wmds , then there werent . 
  then they said there never were any but saddam was a bad guy so it was justified . 
  * proceeds to move rhetorical goalposts all the way to baghdad * . 
  it 's pretty pathetic . 
  i think at this point though my pa who voted for bush jr. admits it was a mistake though . 
  kinda wish he realized that when we kept reminding him though . 
  as an american i hope this is the perspective russians have of the issue . 
  it makes me genuinely upset how these sanctions are hurting normal people . 
  at the same time , i have no idea how else the world can oppose putin 's realpolitik in a nonviolent manner . 
  whole situation sucks . 
  this is the german holiday at peak efficiency . 
  you may not like it , but this is it . 
  tfw there will be a space-sejm on mars in your lifetime . 
  its because of how far north it is in finland . 
  that 's how the earth do up there . 
   israeli arabs are not palestinians why not though ? 
  in the past the `` palestinian '' identity was simply anyone who lived in the mandate . 
  why does this special new nationality now exist ? 
  it seems like a national identity that simply exists to oppose the concept of israel , since plenty of arabs have assimilated into israeli society just fine . 
  if i were a muslim arab living in israel , and did n't identify as an israeli , would i be a palestinian who simply happens to have israeli citizenship ? 
   israeli citizenship through marriage israeli marriage laws suck . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  my parents would n't have been allowed to get married in israel either . 
  nor could i be allowed to marry my boyfriend . 
  it 's illegal ( punishment is same as treason ) to sell land to a jew in palestinian territories . 
  the source is palestinian authority law . 
  the explicit goal is a jew-free palestine . 
   go out of their way to make sure they have a palestinian-free state sorry but there is 0 source for this because its patently false . 
  the knesset itself has muslim arab members and muslim arabs live peacefully at all levels of government and israeli society . 
  this is not so for jews in the palestinian territory . 
  why are n't there jews in the palestinian authority legislative council as there are in the knesset ? 
  i find it ironic so many german posters are scrambling to oppose security measures in place in palestinian territories . 
  even while your own police are starting to recognize the problem comes from a very specific demographic of young men : http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2017/01/03/cologne-police_n_13945080.html we can all bury our heads in the sand and call any attempts to enforce peoples right to live in peace `` apartheid '' but pretty much anyone who has had to live with radical islamists will learn that they require higher standards of scrutiny and policing to keep people safe . 
  in this manner 2017 new years in cologne was not what 2016 new years was . 
  but that 's victim blaming !, 
  my grandpa was an innocent egyptian sniper who had his farm taken away by evil zionists !, 
  just for practicing with his gun !, 
  the madness !, 
  b-but that does n't count because arabs are a disadvantaged minority in the middle east !, 
   not before you actually tried , imo . 
  i would normally agree , but in this issue quite a lot has been tried . 
  it 's a really unfortunate situation that makes people very `` emotional '' to put it one way . 
  there are simply too many people on both sides unwilling to compromise , so what we are left with is a situation that minimizes harm to innocent civilians as best as authorities can . 
  of course people will try to instigate fights by firing rockets or kidnapping , but modern militaries have gotten quite good at combating insurgency . 
   bibi had n't decided to ruin the oslo accords to be clear , thats because any state that palestinian leaderships support would institutionalize antisemitism in those areas . 
  they do n't simply want their own state . 
  they want a jew free state where you can be put to death for selling land to a jew . 
  that 's explicitly racist . 
  not even just soft-racism , its exterminationalist . 
  my only point is that a status quo exists for a reason . 
  even if both parties hate it . 
  sometimes its the more peaceful way to transition into a world that works for everyone . 
  honestly , these issues make everyone really unhappy , and its horribly unfair for the people on the ground living with the problem every day . 
  with that said , its not like leaders have n't been working to make the situation better for people . 
  it 's easy to call everyone a dipshit because the status quo sucks , but we have to remember sometimes the alternatives suck just as much or harder , especially for the party that needs to make concessions . 
  does n't your territory overlap like 95 % ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you 're trying to say since you 're presenting it as a question , but it sounds like a conspiracy theory . 
  i mean , you live in taiwan right ? 
  do n't they still have territorial disputes with prc ? 
  i assure you , when a status quo forms , it takes quite some time for it to change . 
  this is actually a good post that presents real arguments with merit . 
   the arabs that live in israel are israeli , not palestinians . 
  it 's unfortunate there even has to be a distinction . 
  `` palestinian '' was an identity that everyone including jews in the mandate carried before the establishment of israel . 
  but you 're right , the distinction is the one-state , citizenship level . 
  i understand the concern with giving everyone in the west bank citizenship , its not realistic , since most of them would not even identify as israeli , and have no interest in being part of israel . 
  jordan also has no interest in enforcing law in the west bank ( they have a keen memory of black september ) . 
  its a hot potato that no one wants to hold . 
  finally , a two-state solution has been discussed , and even attempted in small steps at a time ( removal of occupation in gaza , removal of settlers , land swaps ) , however , the palestinian organizations have also demonstrated an inability to clamp down on extremism and hate . 
  honestly , the status quo sucks , but it exists because the other options have been much worse so far . 
  your distinction is historically arbitrary . 
  also you brought up the apartheid slander . 
  the worst offenses that even resemble racial discrimination are no worse than the cologne racial profiling that police said helped keep the city safe in the 2017 new year . 
  comparing israel to apartheid is actually a slander against south africans . 
  it shows how little history you have studied and that you have likely never been to sa or israel . 
  interview with a south african who lived in israel : https://youtu.be/acel-nlxbk0, 
   the arab invasion two thousand years ago has hardly anything to do with it . 
   two thousand years ago german education everyone . 
  ok , if you wan na take right-of-the-conquerer instead . 
  then guess what . 
  israel has won three defensive wars in order to establish its present borders . 
  they even successfully traded back land to egypt in exchange for peace . 
  egyptians worked very well with israel to establish a peaceful status quo . 
  why ca n't palestinians ? 
   how do illegal squatters merit rocket attacks on civilians ??? 
   when so you think its justified to attack innocent civilians . 
  right . 
   the difference of course being that they do n't ` live in palestine ' , they forcefully invade and occupy it . 
  this is the same argument le pen is using to call muslims in europe an `` invasion '' fyi .
