  because it 's in their interest israel is able to more or less `` manage '' the conflict now . 
  israel can live with the status quo better than the palestinians can , that 's true . 
  abbas threatens to dissolve the pa every year , but nothing ever happens . 
   they dont want a two state solution the majority of the israeli public has supported a two state solution for a long time now . 
   israel is lead by far right since decade the far right only came to power because the peace process stalled and looks bleak . 
  `` we tried negotiating , but it did n't work . 
  we got bombs in buses instead of peace . '', 
   one state solution with democracy that would quickly lead to a civil war . 
  both societies are not ready for one state . 
  this sounds nice but is totally unrealistic . 
  a federation with security and economic cooperation might be possible . 
   kick out palestinian away , or apartheid 20 % of israeli citizens are palestinian arabs , who have the same rights as jewish israelis . 
  there is discrimination , sure , like with many minorities in other countries . 
  but it 's light years away from apartheid . 
  arabs vote , are members in parliament , are doctors , teachers , judges , even generals in the army . 
  belgium requires building permits in belgium , even in the flemish speaking parts . 
  building permits in area c are issued by israel . 
  if the panels had been erected a couple of kilometres down the road in areas a or b the palestinian authority would have to issue a building permit . 
  areas a , b , c were established in the oslo accords , signed by israel and the plo/palestinian authority . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by * remaining palestinian outposts * . 
  the palestinian leadership has refused several reasonable negotiated offers for a peace agreement so far . 
  for territory it 's pretty much clear that some israeli settlements will remain and be compensated by land swaps elsewhere . 
  negotiations have n't gone anywhere since oslo , which was supposed to be a first step . 
  we 've been stuck at that first step in large part because of the inability of the palestinian leadership to lead . 
  they cultivate the dream of destroying israel in the couple of decades instead of searching for a compromise . 
  this perpetuates the conflict further . 
  israel is n't blameless either , but the more i researched this topic over last decades , the more i see the palestinians to be the more intransigent of the two parties . 
  if no negotiated peace agreement happens , israel will probably unilaterally annex a large part of area c at some point . 
  leaving the palestinian controlled areas separated by choke point is a strategically reasonable decision when dealing with an enemy entity . 
  as for the viability of a palestinian state there are too many smaller issues involved to be discussed here . 
  what keeps back the viability of a palestinian state most , is that its economy is built around foreign donations , both directly to the pa , as well as through unrwa , and ngos . 
  the pa often block economic cooperation with the wealthiest economy in the region ( israel ) in the name of non-normalisation . 
  independent of what territory the pa will control in a final agreement , a customs union and tight economic cooperation with israel is in the palestinians ' best interest . 
  no , it is n't by far . 
  palestinians enjoy some of the highest standard of living for arabs . 
  they are even comparably free in their society for the most part . 
  the kurds are in a lot worse shape than the palestinians ever were . 
  the biggest injustice currently in the world is that a small percentage of the population lives in abundant wealth while others go hungry . 
  at the same time the wealthy destroy the planet 's climate and ecosystems . 
  the palestinian problem is a minor dispute about territory . 
  a very small piece of territory at that . 
  the conflict only continued to this day because it has been kept alive by arab powers refusing to compromise and make peace since 1948 . 
  while area c comprises most ( 63 % ) of the territory of the west bank , 95 + % of the palestinian population lives in areas a and b. 
  the west bank is divided into areas a , b , and c . a is under full palestinian control , area b is under civilian palestinian control with israel doing security , area c is under full israeli control . 
  that means building permits in area c are also controlled by israel . 
  israel is very reluctant to issue permits . 
  the zoning plan is in many parts back from when jordan occupied the west bank . 
  so the zoning is outdated . 
  that 's why there 's illegal construction happening in area c . it also helps , that every time israel tears down an illegal building in area c , it 's a big story in the press where the palestinians play the victim . 
  owners of illegally built houses that are torn down like that are compensated by the palestinian authority and e.g. 
  by a qatari fund . 
  so much of the demolition drama is just a pr game . 
  95 + % of palestinians live in areas a and b. 
  if the solar panels would have been erected in area a or b , nothing would have happened . 
  same if they had gotten building permit . 
  building without a permit is illegal in the netherlands too . 
  the topic of same sex marriage has been discussed since the 1990s . 
  and that 's why we will get another 4 years with merkel as chancellor . 
  what does have to do with it ? 
  the german parliament has been in a pretty weird situation for the last couple of years . 
  there was a left majority of social democrats ( spd ) , greens ( gr\u00fcne ) , and socialists ( linke ) all these years . 
  but the social democrats decided to form a government with the conservative christian democrats ( cdu , merkel 's party ) . 
  that meant there are lots of topics where all left parties agreed , but the spd refused to vote on to stay in the coalition government with merkel . 
  merkel said in an interview a couple of days ago , that she thinks gay marriage should be an individual decision , not party line politics . 
  so the other parties took that opportunity to vote on a gay marriage bill , that had already been prepared for a long time . 
  now the spd did n't feel obligated to vote with the cdu and that 's how we got gay marriage in germany . 
  most of the cdu , including merkel , still voted against gay marriage . 
  gay marriage has popular support in germany of 65 + % . 
  there 's a difference between achieving something by vote from a parliament and a court ruling . 
  a parliament usually does things the majority of the public supports . 
  a court is n't bound by public opinion , only by law . 
  for example the huge opposition against abortion today in the us is caused by the legality resulting from a court ruling roe vs. wade . 
  court decisions have an air of the ruling elite deciding , whereas parliaments are close to the people deciding . 
  what i mean to say is that there 's a difference between legality and cultural public support of the legal status . 
  it 's only legal in the us because of a supreme court ruling . 
  living in london is very expensive . 
  it will eat up your additional income . 
  you could have gone just a few steps down the neckarbr\u00fccke so we could better see the [ h\u00f6lderlinturm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h\u00f6lderlinturm ) and [ schloss hohent\u00fcbingen ] ( https://www.stuttgart-tourist.de/a-schloss-hohentuebingen ) . 
  macron was a great choice . 
  in a democracy you never get your perfect candidate . 
  he is committed to a united europe and that 's very important to germany . 
  taking less reduces the side effects like teeth grinding , anxiety , and the hangover depression by a lot . 
  i do n't mind a little bit of caffeine in my ecstasy . 
  some speed or mda is also ok . getting pmma sucks though . 
  it would also be great if the producers stamped the amount of mdma in the pill onto it . 
  the quality of pills has improved a lot in the last couple of years . 
  most ecstasy pills contain only mdma as an active ingredient now . 
  the strength of the pills has also increased . 
  this is in part due to dark net markets , which have led to better quality of all drugs . 
  ikea ecstasy pills are pretty common in germany too at the moment . 
  they are pretty strong at 200 to 240mg . 
  it 's better to take half of it . 
  check out https://rollsafe.org on how best take your mdma . 
  [ example of a tested ikea pill ] ( http://mindzone.info/wp-content/plugins/pill-repository/frontend/pills.php#pill=1023 ), 
  http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2014/10/28/359419934/who-studies-what-men-women-and-college-majors women are around 45 % for maths and statistics . 
  great as in free and available everywhere . 
  maybe . 
  studying culture , arts , philosophy , and other `` soft '' subjects in very important to develop an understanding of society and culture in general . 
  socialist countries usually had great child care that took a lot of that work off women 's shoulders . 
  from my own experience from a decade as an engineer i can tell you that mixed teams are a lot more pleasurable to work in and more productive .
