posting memes on facebook works everywhere . 
  it 's pretty clever propaganda , cheap to make and spread . 
  the left has been protesting against the consequences of globalization , wars , corruption , unregulated baking , unemployment , etc. 
  for decades . 
  many people were complacent and unpolitical . 
  now suddenly they are uncomfortable . 
  but instead of turning to those who have warned about these outcomes , they follow anger and hate instead of joining the left . 
  this is a new problem that 's not really covered by the word monopoly . 
  there are several companies now that run huge platforms where others take part in . 
  apple 's app store for ios , google 's android , facebook , twitter are prime examples . 
  these platforms become part of the infrastructure of our daily lives . 
  but they are fully controlled by these private companies . 
  so it 's not unreasonable to introduce some kind of regulations for platforms . 
  americans are always surprised when spain is n't hispanic . 
  make istanbul constantinople again . 
  slovenia is slavic switzerland, 
  public transportation is usually excellent and cheap in spain . 
  you 're ignorance of basic concepts is appalling . 
  gesinnungsethik and verantwortungsethik have been used a lot while discussing the refugee crisis . 
  take it as an opportunity to learn something . 
   i never heard of either gesinnungsethik nor verantwortungsethik study harder !, 
  do n't forget the ticket prices !, 
  greater power often goes hand on hand with atrocities and exploitation . 
  to only see the `` good '' side is dishonest at best . 
  they remember falling in love , great friendships , and so on . 
  donations, 
  multicultural and multi ethnic overlap in meaning . 
  for the privileged equal rights feel like oppression . 
  you 're being silly and you know it, 
  language is always changing often intentionally . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  this is not newspeak at all because none of these try to conceal the meaning . 
  a good example for newspeak is that in the past there used to be ministries of war , nowadays it 's only ministries of defense . 
  that conceals the purpose behind a nicer sounding word . 
  a colleague of mine stopped visiting family in turkey last summer for the first time in her life . 
   `` i 'm not a marxist '' - karl marx, 
  a homeless failing artist in post war vienna wold be interesting, 
  the rich are getting richer today by exploiting the common workers . 
  sounds reasonable, 
  yes master, 
  rich people density map . 
  transall worked well as a joint project . 
  panavia tornado was also successful . 
  other projects like the eurofighter typhoon , eurocopter nh90 , and the airbus a400m were massively delayed and expensive . 
  it 's a great idea to have less duplicate effort with regards to developing weapons systems . 
  however joint european projects can be mired in political obstruction and inefficiencies . 
  it 's true it needs to be done more often , so lots can be learned on how do these projects better . 
  it 's not just language , also culture . 
  selling expensive food in france is easy , while germans will buy expensive windows and faucets . 
  you seem to know an awful lot a bout the details of the border defense, 
  thanks for writing this up, 
  new crusade when ? 
  there 's no difference anymore, 
  i am okay with that, 
  they should not drown in the sea by the thousands . 
  it 's how it usually goes . 
  we all live on the same planet . 
  north african countries are out neighbors . 
  if they have problems they might spill over to us , regardless of what we do . 
  maps, 
  the last couple of governments were a cdu/csu coalition together with the spd . 
  traditionally the party with the most seats in parliament forms a coalition . 
  the cdu has more seats than the spd so it gets to choose the chancellor . 
  because there are so many parties in parliament it 's difficult for another coalition to have a majority . 
  the spd is at an historic low in votes . 
  that means they need to gain lots of votes to have a chance . 
  gro\u00dfe koalition ( grand coalition ) : cdu/csu together with spd . 
  this has been very stable and successful for the last decade . 
  people are kind of tired of it though . 
  conservatives complain about the cdu being to far left . 
  social democrats complain that it 's not social enough . 
  this has contributed to giving the afd an opening for collecting disgruntled conservatives . 
  merkel is still very popular with the people . 
  non-cdu voters are very okay with her . 
  rot-gr\u00fcn : the favourite partner for the spd is gr\u00fcne ( green party ) . 
  they usually get along really well in governments . 
  for this to happen the spd has to gain a lot of seats . 
  rot-rot-gr\u00fcn ( r2g ) : a left wing super coalition of spd , linke , and gr\u00fcne together . 
  this has worked well in state governments . 
  but the foreign policy positions of linke are too anti-war , euro-sceptic , pro-russia to come to an easy agreement . 
  linke would need to compromise . 
  or we would have a coalition that 's a always in danger of breaking when the next crisis ( russia , ukraine , syria , etc. ), 
  happens . 
  ampelkoalition ( traffic light ) : spd , fdp , gr\u00fcne . 
  this has also worked well in the past in state governments . 
  the fdp does n't really like it though . 
  this coalition works really well and is preferred by both parties . 
  sozial-liberal : spd and fdp . 
  used to be common before gr\u00fcne showed up to the scene . 
  unlikely because if this is possible usually a coalition with gr\u00fcne also works numerically . 
  there have been successful state governments . 
  it 's attractive for the cdu because it can get rid of the more powerful spd . 
  the cdu can easily give gr\u00fcne one of their favourite policies as a present . 
  nobody wants to form a coalition with the afd . 
  the spd would prefer these coalitions : 1 . rot-gr\u00fcn spd , gr\u00fcne 2 . 
  ampel spd , fdp , gr\u00fcne the coalitions most likely to have a majority next election : 1 . 
  the bundeskanzler is elected by the bundestag ( parliament ) . 
  you vote for parties in the bundestag elections . 
  usually one party does not get a majority , so it forms a coalition to get enough votes to elect their candidate for bundeskanzler . 
  the bundeskanzler is the head of government , like your premier ministre .
