   taxes are a burden like never before  relatively modest 54000 $ / year you 're already paying the highest rate of 42 % that 's in the top 10 % of incomes , hardly modest . 
   housing is unaffordable the problem is more that wages have been stagnant since the 1980s . 
  so the middle class today can afford less than their parents could . 
  the shitty birth rates can partially be traced back to this . 
  people who are unsure about their economic future are less likely to have children . 
  if the deutsche michel would stop voting cdu , maybe the rich would stop getting richer at the cost of the 99 % . 
  germany 's current economic success is built on exploiting the lower and middle class for the benefit of very few . 
  the left cares about more equal distribution of wealth among the population to offset capital accumulation among the rich . 
  the only way to do that is by using the state to regulate , tax , and redistribute . 
  the right is more okay an unequal distribution of wealth and uses the state to stabilize this inequality . 
  the right uses the state to make the rich richer , the left uses the state to make the poor less poor . 
  in any capitalist country you will see right wing politicians tailoring laws to the interests of large corporations , not towards enabling more liberal economies . 
  when right wing politicians talk about liberal economics , what they usually do is either enabling worker exploitation , or strengthening monopolies or oligopolies . 
  true economic liberalism is rare . 
  economic freedom and personal freedom are not directly linked to either left or right . 
  if you look at the extreme ends of the spectrum that might be true . 
  a king that owns everything including the people on the extreme right , and everyting is owned by the community on the extreme left . 
  every time i go to the us i wonder how such a rich country has so much barely adequate infrastructure . 
  the only reason to buy the f-35 is that it can carry nuclear bombs . 
  germany currently uses the panavia tornado for that role . 
  the eurofighter typhoon ca n't be upgraded to deliver the american nuclear bombs , because germany does n't want to share details about the typhoon with the us . 
  the tornados will reach their end of life at some point and the f-35 seems to be the only possible replacement for carrying nukes at the moment . 
  politically this is very difficult domestically . 
  many germans are n't even aware that germany participates in the nuclear sharing . 
  most christians including catholic and protestant churches [ supported ] ( http://kommunisten-online.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/nazipfaffen.jpg ) the nazi government openly . 
  the pope [ singed the reichskonkordat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichskonkordat ) with hitler in 1933 . 
  after the war the catholic church helped many ss war criminals to escape to south america . 
  the nazis would have never gained power without support from organised christian religion . 
  reactionary christian conservatism is often indistinguishable to and enables fascism . 
  see ustasha in croatia , austrofascism in austria , military dictatorships in spain , portugal and latin america . 
  the catholic church has very often been a public supporter of these regimes . 
  fascism has always been popular in bavaria . 
  german planes drop us nuclear bombs . 
  eu can be a superpower . 
  it already is an economic superpower . 
  it wo n't be a militaristic expansions empire . 
  i 'm sure you could upgrade the ef typhoon to carry nukes very easily . 
  the design of the leopard 2 and leclerk are pretty old . 
  the tiger helicopter turned out pretty alright . 
  germany only needs tornados for two roles : reconnaissance and nuclear strike . 
  the eurofighter could be upgraded to fulfil both roles in the near future . 
  capital cities often are very rich and very expensive to live in . 
  or look at it this way . 
  in a tropical climate the weather does n't change much throughout the year . 
  food literally grows on trees all year around and hunting is always possible . 
  the further you move into a zone with seasons , the more technology humans need to survive : food preservation , clothing , agriculture , shelter construction . 
  of course this theory is super euro-centrist and does n't explain the highly developed civilisations in mesopotamia , india , south east asia , etc. 
  it 's true that it 's hard to get a building permit in area c . in area a and b where 95 + % of palestinians live it 's no problem . 
  sure in the rich oil states of the gulf the standard of living is a lot higher . 
  yemenis and omanis probably not . 
   too much of a simplification the conflict is very complicated and has many aspects . 
  the arabs refused peace in 1948 and 1967 ( 3 nos in khartoum ) . 
  egypt is the only country that has made peace with israel . 
   palestinian arabs in occupied territories do n't have any internationally recognised citizenship most palestinian arabs living in gaza or the west bank have jordanian or egyptian citizenship in addition to palestinian citizenship . 
  95 % + of palestinians live in areas a and b , which is administrated by the palestinian authority . 
  the palestinian passport issued by the pa is accepted by many countries as a travel document . 
   are dealt with in a horrible manner is the situation bad ? 
  yes , but it 's not horrible . 
  the hamas government in gaza treats its citizen far worse than either the pa in areas a or israel . 
  palestinians in lebanon have less rights than any other arabs who immigrate there . 
  more kurds have been been killed by poison gas attacks in iraq , than palestinians killed by israel in total . 
  kurdish language and culture is heavily suppressed in turkey . 
  at this moment the turkish government uses military force against kurdish civilians . 
  arabs have killed more palestinians than israel ( black september , lebanon civil war , iraq , syrian civil war ) . 
   you ca n't ask respect and gratefulness from someone when you humiliate , dominate , and keep him in open sky jail . 
  you ca n't expect friendliness if people who brutally murder families with their children with axes become heroes , who streets are named after . 
  in the end you have to make peace with your enemy , not your friends . 
   can you explain me what palestinian can give to israel ? 
  sure it 's pretty easy . 
  peace and an end to the conflict is the main point . 
  the main points for a negotiated agreement have been . 
  borders based on 1967 with land swaps , status of jerusalem , return of refugees and their children and grandchildren , security and militarisation of a future palestinian state , recognition of israel and peace . 
  for all of these points there have been reasonable proposals in camp david in 2000 , taba 2001 , olmert 's proposal from 2009 , livni and erekat in 2014 . 
  the major settlements near the green line , and traditionally jewish quarters in east jerusalem will remain with israel , with land swaps compensating . 
  free travel will be possible on a special road/railway between gaza and the west bank . 
  arabs majority parts of east jerusalem will become part of palestine . 
  holy sites get a special shared administration . 
  refugees and their progeny can return to the new palestinian state and/or receive compensation . 
  a limited number may immigrate to israel per year . 
  the palestinian military will have restrictions on armaments . 
  palestine will see all claims fulfilled and get peace , sovereignty . 
  and before you complain about not all refugees returning . 
  the 800 000 jews who were expelled from arab countries after the establishment of israel ca n't return and were never compensated for their stolen property . 
  palestinian refugees are the only refugees in the world who can inherit their refugee status to their children . 
  the main problem at the moment is that the last points of security and peace ca n't be guaranteed by the palestinians . 
  they are politically divided into many factions . 
  even if abbas signed a peace agreement tomorrow it would neither be accepted by the general public , nor by hamas . 
  that lack of unity and strong leadership is a huge detriment for peace . 
  many israelis rightfully fear that the west bank could turn into a second gaza that shoots rockets at their kindergartens . 
  time works against the palestinians , because there are parts in israeli society who work at establishing as many facts on the ground ( settlements , roads , etc. ), 
  as possible . 
  they should have made a deal in 2000 , even better in 1948 . 
  the palestinian arabs and arabs chose war and violence over peace in 1948 , 1967 , the intifadas , and since 2006 in gaza . 
  and all it brought them was more suffering . 
  still the main strategy seems to be to bet on the destruction of israel at some point . 
   they stole little by little the tiny territory where palestinian live the oslo accords lead to the first time palestinians governed themselves ever . 
  gaza was handed over to palestinians completely in 2006 . 
  95 + % of palestinians live in zones a and b , which palestinians administrate . 
  palestinians never in history had more sovereignty than today . 
   they want a weak pa and a statu quo .
