  there 's also a german president ( bundespr\u00e4sent ) , but he has very little power and is largely a ceremonial figurehead . 
  the president is also not elected directly by the people . 
  fdp are called liberals in germany but that might give you the wrong idea . 
  they are usually for less regulation , less taxes , protection of civil liberties , human rights . 
  their base is small to medium business owners , lawyers , doctors . 
  in contrast to libertarians they do n't want to get rid of the state or abolish social security . 
  die linke is in a government coalition in several states in eastern germany . 
  that gives them influence and importance . 
  on the federal level they are less important though . 
  the green party is for the bourgeois with a conscience mainly . 
  social responsibility is important to them , but they will readily compromise on that . 
  civil liberties , including lgbt right , and environmental topics are their core . 
  the green party ( gr\u00fcne ) even has a prime minister in the state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg since a couple of years now . 
  for me on the other hand wagenknecht would be one of the reasons to vote for linke . 
  gr\u00fcne pretty much have exhausted their potential federally . 
  baden-w\u00fcrttemberg is the only state where they managed to attract more conservatives with a conscience to vote for them . 
  a surge for the spd would probably mainly come from non voters who used to vote for the spd coming back . 
  it 's true spd often just stopped voting . 
  they just have to convince their base to go voting . 
  you better call the [ karma police ] ( https://np.www.reddit.com/r/karmapolicedepartment/comments/5r3881/i_want_to_turn_myself_in_for_copy_and_pasting_a/ ), 
   murray attempts to quantify and explain human accomplishment worldwide in the fields of arts and sciences by calculating the amount of space allocated to them in reference works , an area of research sometimes referred to as historiometry . 
  if one of my college freshmen history students tried to turn in a paper and this was their methodology , i would feel like i really failed them as a teacher . 
  both . 
  be a small country , germany or spain . 
  u.k. is usa 's dad of course . 
  she 's an antifascist resistance fighter against foreign occupation . 
  not a crime , if you win the war . 
  germans themselves wo n't allow it . 
  france and uk as nuclear powers are enough to be a deterrent against russia or china . 
  blaming jews living in europe for politics of the israeli government is anti-semitism pure and simple . 
  israel is used as just another justification for the unchanged anti-semitism . 
  i was arguing exactly that . 
  the right screws everyone over . 
  but the left is totally unable to exploit that . 
  a main reason of the success of the extreme right is failure of the left . 
  the government regulation authority knew they had been cheating for decades and did nothing . 
  the government enabled the law breaking of the car manufacturers . 
  car manufacturers , government institutions , and politicians colluded endangering public health and the environment . 
  schulz and the spd just did nothing of note after selecting schulz to lead the campaign . 
  privacy is also to be to go where i want . 
  freedom of movement is a basic human right . 
  video surveillance infringes it because it 's nobody 's business to know where i go . 
   if i take a car , i have climate control , it moves faster , i do n't care about inclement weather , i can carry as much stuff as i want , i can carry other people if i feel like it at my destination , i 've got a more-secure place to put stuff , it 's harder to steal public transport has climate control , subways and bikes do n't get stuck in traffic , public transport has roofs and heating , most times you just transport yourself and a lunch box , if your car is stolen you 're fucked . 
  i can use public transport to get home drunk safely . 
  and you still have to look for parking , pay for repairs , fuel , insurance . 
  i 'm not saying cars are n't useful . 
  they are just terrible as the main means of transportation . 
  and i have n't even started to talk about the environmental impact where cars are the worst of all . 
  you 've obviously never been [ in a place with proper public transport and cycling infrastructure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transport_in_copenhagen ) . 
  you 've got it backwards . 
  if there 's no adequate public transport or bike lanes , people will not take the bus or ride a bike . 
  there is no real choice if the bus only runs every two hours and takes twice as long . 
  if there 's no bike infrastructure , you 're in much more danger . 
  drivers not used to bikes on the road are extra dangerous , often hostile towards cyclists . 
  choosing between 1 . 
  being run over while biking 2 . 
  taking hours and having no flexibility by bus . 
  taking a car is not a real choice . 
  as you pointed out yourself with your example . 
  your german colleague wanted to bike everywhere , but realized , that it 's just not reasonable feasible . 
  he wanted to use a bike , but was forced to get a car . 
   below-ground power lines in low density areas us cities are full of them . 
  i know that the us relies on cars for transportation . 
  it 's just a terrible fit for cities and largo population centers . 
  relying only on private cars for transportation results in huge amounts of space being used for roads and parking . 
  that in turn results in even more roads to travel all the space used by car infrastructure . 
  the long commutes and huge amount of traffic jams are a direct result of not having proper public transport . 
  the public transport that exits in some larger cities is often inadequate and underfunded . 
  the passenger rail system in the us is also extremely limited . 
  sure you do n't want to take a train from houston to seattle , but even on the east coast and great lakes it 's very limited . 
   bicycled everywhere bike infrastructure is usually terrible in the us . 
  some cities are improving it now , but it 's very small . 
  hell in many cities , there 's not even a side walk for walking . 
  the sole reliance on the car makes so many things inconvient or terrible . 
  i wo n't even mention the extremely high cost of lives car transport causes . 
   public transport is , in most places , reserved for the poor see . 
  you 're doing public transport very badly . 
   what you can get is several brief voltage drops and surges , then a cut in power . 
  that happens if something is in the process of bringing down a power line -- i once had a friend describe it as an automated process done by the utility to try to knock off the branch or whatnot that 's what i mean . 
  every little gust of wind can cut your electricity ( tv , phone ) because of the flimsy over ground power lines used almost everywhere , instead of underground . 
   daily caller a propaganda outlet spreading propaganda and quoting german coal lobbyists . 
  germany 's energy is not in any danger at all . 
  - no drinking water for years in a major city like flint . 
  - terrible public transport - traffic jams everywhere - private toll roads - black outs and brown outs are not uncommon . 
   energy reforms energy reforms will have to happen sooner or later . 
  burning fossil fuel is is destroying the planet . 
  they are going pretty well so far . 
  the early push has enabled germany to be a technology leader in many fields relating to renewable energy . 
   filled with 3rd world immigrants  aging demographic is likely the biggest disaster this is n't news . 
  it has been known for decades . 
  only recently longer paid parenting leave , more daycare etc. 
  something is finally done to improve birth rates . 
  you pretty much need controlled immigration to offset the shrinking population . 
  immigration policy has been a mess for decades . 
   car industry the car industry needs to wake up yesterday to electric . 
  they are starting to move somewhat , but they need to adapt very rapidly . 
   school system has become a joke , college is much easier the school system has lots of problems . 
  the solutions have been evident for decades and shown to work by e.g. 
  finland . 
  college becoming easier is a necessary result of needing more highly educated workers for highly developed economy .
