  it 's just so typical that saudi arabia would offer fuck all humanitarian support . 
  all the negative stories : calais , cologne , the knife attack in germany . 
  then you have cities like paris or athens where streets are filled with migrants tents , clothes , litter , it 's not a pleasant site . 
  finally , you see countries nearby , the gulf states , they are n't taking anyone in . 
  there 's a feeling why should we take thousands of refugees in if saudi and the uae are doing fuck all ? 
  i remember when we took in some refugees , they were supposedly `` children '' , some looked about 25 . 
  no women or children to be seen , just grown men . 
  that was n't too popular . 
  i would say it 's pretty accurate . 
  in the uk anwyway you have communities completely changed in 10 years or so under the buzzword of `` diversity '' . 
  in reality , it 's complicated . 
  if you force rapid change on people in such a short amount of time , there will be a backlash . 
  that backlash came in the form of brexit in britain . 
  it comes in the form of populist governments elected in eastern europe . 
  le pen in france . 
  europeans are n't happy . 
  i love london , but it 's expensive as fuck . 
  the former , lol . 
  contributor , purely for all the boss tv shows they produce . 
  i 'll take my chances . 
  would leipzig , dresden etc. 
  have been any better ? 
  berlin . 
  a slave ? 
  would n't say it 's hated , because it 's unknown in the uk . 
  east germany . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean . 
  if anything the stigma should be the other way round , we sort of fucked india up . 
  can only speak for the uk , but hindu immigrants are almost always from india . 
  they tend to be well educated , get good jobs and integrate well too . 
  so a pretty decent attitude . 
  nah i do n't subscribe to / r/unitedkingdom, 
  dunno whether it 's because there 's less of a language barrier but when i 've been travelling i 've got along well with danes , swedes , norwegians . 
  they seem to get british banter . 
  southerners . 
  france . 
  spanish tourist groups ? 
  although it 's been plastered all over reddit , i still have no idea what net neutrality is and the implications . 
  not sure i 've ever seen it mentioned on our news either . 
  i 'd say common with the middle classes . 
  varying from holiday homes in cornwall to the costa del sol . 
  not weird , but most likely questions will be asked to why they do n't drink , probably comes across as rude but that 's just how it is . 
  normally pretty fine . 
  friends will be friends regardless of politics . 
  however it 's quite common for massive lefties in their teenage years to absolutely despise `` bloody tories '' and want nothing to do with them . 
  so a lot of right wing people at uni keep their mouths shut to avoid the hassle . 
  can confirm . 
  went a few weeks ago . 
  great city , beer was cheap as fuck , fantastic bars and nightlife , plus plenty of sightseeing to do in the day . 
  i notice this . 
  i went to berlin and it was fucking great , really enjoyed it . 
  yet all the germans on here seem to shit on it :(, 
  i can be called a cunt , a dickhead , a bellend , a wanker , fine , i can deal with that . 
  but being called a twat by someone you know really hits home , because they have to mean it . 
  i could n't imagine growing up in any other country . 
  as i was born in sheffield i 'm inclined to agree . 
  we have pickled eggs , pickled onions , and just normal pickles ( from cucumbers ) i paticularly like pickled onion . 
  there are pickled onion flavour monster munch ( crisps ) . 
  plus , it 's very versatile . 
  i 'd put pickled onion in a cheese sandwich but also with shepherds pie . 
  indeed we do , 25th , christmas day . 
  instead send isis flowers and candles !, 
  but this is where you 're damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  the same people who wet themselves over america 's foreign policy , are the same ones who cry foul if they did n't intervene in humanitarian disasters . 
  the uk does have a constitution , it 's just un-codified . 
  i like the general ideas . 
  parliamentary sovereignty , the rule of law , habeas corpus etc. 
  i like how our constitution sources itself from common law , but also from old documents like magna carta ( 1215 ) and the bill of rights ( 1689 ) . 
  would having a codified document named `` the british constiution '' drastically change life in the uk ? 
  probably not . 
  would it be useful in clearing up constitutional matters regarding referendums , devolution etc , most definitely . 
  in all honesty if the uk is gon na survive brexit ( as a political entity ) we need devo-max on steroids . 
  scotland , give more powers to their parliament , such as control of trade and maybe even immigration . 
  they already have a separate legal system to england & wales , let them have their own constiution too . 
  wales . 
  give them a referendum on upgrading their assembly to a parliament . 
  if they reject , no need for more devolution yet . 
  if they accept , give them more fiscal powers . 
  northern ireland . 
  well this shitshow will be hard to fix . 
  firstly , ensure no hard border during brexit negotiations . 
  secondly , make northern ireland feel loved . 
  that means maybe monthly talks between the uk government ( possibly including the irish government when needed ) to hear the grievances of the northern irish assembly . 
  now for england . 
  scrap city regions and their mayors . 
  give devolution to all of england 's regions ( similar to the powers of the london assembly ) . 
  so everywhere from yorkshire to the south west will have their own regional assembly . 
  ah bollocks . 
  john oliver , nothing comedian in the uk , made it big in the us . 
  james corden , i 'll give him a bit more credit , he was well known in the uk for gavin and stacey , his skits with the england team etc. 
  but he 's made it fucking big in the states . 
  carpool karaoke is everywhere these days . 
  look . 
  terrorism can happen at any time . 
  but so can getting run over , having a stroke etc. 
  i was like you a couple of months ago . 
  after the attacks in the uk i was angry , fear set in , and i said to myself i 'm never going to london again . 
  of course that 's irrational . 
  do n't be worried , be vigilant , but do n't let it ruin your trip . 
  oh wow lol .
