  i know boa sorte means good luck , see i 'm a pro already . 
  indeed , i 'm actually learning portuguese right now . 
  pretty shit atm , but i 'm getting better . 
  preferably like it did in 1950 , non-existent . 
  i do n't know a foreign language well enough to think in it :(, 
  i 've heard of maine lobster ( take it that 's what your username refers too ) just off the top of my head , far north east of the us , borders canada , quite rural ? 
  i know from the tv series 11-22-63 there 's a town in maine called lisbon , which i thought was funny . 
  can confirm . 
  and to answer ops question , it is a problem , but we 're never gon na get rid of it , it 's just what we do . 
  drinking until you throw up and then continue to drink after , been there . 
  embarrassingly singing footie chants whilst abroad , to the disgust of the locals , been there . 
  being told by your mates you went to a kebab shop after a night out , even though you have no recollection of it , been there too . 
  i 'll admit i 'm a disgusting drunk slob and so are most of us ( on a friday night in our own country , but also abroad ) we require it . 
  we are addicted not to getting drunk , but to getting absolutely fucking hammered , plastered , shitfaced , whatever you want to call it . 
  the grosvenor family who were bestowed the `` dukedom of westminster '' in the 1870s . 
  the current duke is a 26 year old lad named hugh . 
  his personal wealth is estimated to be $ 16bn . 
  he is also owner of the grosvenor group , a property group whose total assets were $ 59.5 bn in 2016 . 
  oh and he 's the godfather of prince george , the future king . 
  never seen one in my life . 
  move to the uk , the stigma does n't exist here . 
  from england germans : krauts ( formerly used huns too ) french : frogs scots : jocks welsh : taffy ( but sheep shaggers is more common ) irish : paddy ( more used for the term plastic paddy ) russians : russkis, 
  14 \u00b0 c , shit weather , nice being able to breathe though . 
  not exactly answering your question , cos they 're pretty well known . 
  however ; the killers are fucking massive in the uk , not so much in their home country of america . 
  the church of england is automatically granted 26 seats in the house of lords ( our upper house ) for anglican bishops . 
  on the house of lords in general , the conservatives want to keep it as it is ( although reduce its size ) . 
  labour want to reform and reduce size . 
  lib dems and greens want it replaced by an elected senate . 
  ukip and snp just want it abolished . 
  # 1bn more funding for northern ireland , i 'm happy for them . 
  very easy . 
  i think one thing you 're missing too : europe is not some socialist progressive utopia . 
  every country is different of course , but conservatives do exist here too . 
  the us is a great country , high wages , good quality of life . 
  it 's not perfect , but no country is . 
  just because trump is president does n't make america some evil dictatorship that everyone wants to leave . 
  not that i can think of , other than the accent obviously . 
  american and british fashion is quite similar . 
  there 's 1.5 m british indians in the uk , no one would bat an eyelid . 
  i 'd just presume you 're a british indian tbh, 
  northern irish , specifically belfast . 
  how though , do you honestly see trump lasting longer than one term ? 
  sorry if i come across as harsh , but in your title you insinuated harassing republicans could be understandable . 
  of course that is never understandable . 
   i feel that violence here is almost inevitable and that there is literally an occupying regime , and personally am looking forward to get out of the us and hopefully change my citizenship talk about hyperbole , you live in the us , not north korea, 
  pardon my ignorance but how would brexit change degree recognition ? 
  honestly , it would n't fly in today 's climate , but four lions is a great film . 
  we 're an island with increasingly limited resources . 
  our population from 2015-2016 increased by 538,000 . 
  the biggest increase in 70 years . 
  if we carry on as we are , the housing crisis will be exacerbated , schools and services will be pushed to their limits . 
  and yeah , such a rapid change in such a short amount of time will cause and has caused cultural friction . 
  i 'd say i 'm a centrist . 
  from the right in the uk , i agree that we need to control immigration because at the current rate it is unsustainable ( if that means we have to leave the single market , so be it ) from the left in the uk , i agree that the nhs has to be protected so it remains free at the point of use . 
  it is in the uk . 
   independence day lol , we do n't have one, 
  honestly , good milk . 
  no offence continentals but uht is fucking vile, 
  not seen band of brothers , but inglorious basterds is one of my favourite films . 
  probably one of christoph waltz 's best performances . 
  you might say `` oh i 'm playing up to a stereotype '' but the following is true : nothing enrages me more than people who skip the fucking queue . 
  oh there 's a queue for the bus , that stretches back 5 miles , and you think it 's ok to slide in front of everyone else ? 
  you fucking lowlife arrogant tosser . 
  one of the only times i 've lost my cool is when there was a massive queue for the cash machine outside of a club , and there were these people who pushed in and i just said in complete deadpan `` oh , thanks for pushing in front of everyone '' , and a guy responded `` what u saying ? 
  '' , and i was like `` no , no , it 's alright just push in front of people '' and he had no response . 
  fucking scum pushing in front of people . 
  quite rare in a sense that most will have some basic understating of english even if you would n't call it fluent . 
  for the ones that have no understanding of english and have been here a while , i think , what 's the point ? 
  why would you purposely disadvantage yourselves ? 
  not speaking the language disadvantages you in what jobs you can apply to , it limits the contacts and friends you can make , just not worth it . 
  was at the dentists the other day and a lady required a translator just to speak to the receptionist at the desk in order to book an appointment . 
  that 's a small task , made 10x harder because you do n't speak the language . 
  i 'm in favour of the monarchy . 
  i feel the republican movement in our country does a great discredit to republicanism as a whole . 
  instead of arguing the benefits of a republic ; most seem to spend their time getting angry at people who celebrate events like the royal wedding or the jubilee . 
  you 'll get comments like `` i ca n't wait for the old bitch to die '' or `` my granny could do her job , why is she so special ? '' . 
  honestly it really puts me off the republican movement . 
  i 'm sure you 're aware how bloody difficult it is to amend the constitution . 
  2/3 initial support of both houses of congress ( or state legislatures ) and then ratification from 3/4 of the states . 
  then when that amendment is the 22nd ( an amendment both democrats and republicans are fully behind ) you know that would n't fly at all . 
  do you really think trump wants to be a dictator ? 
  he strikes me as someone who deep down did n't think he 'd become president but somehow did . 
  no way he 'll seek another term ( if he 's not impeached before ) . 
  also , comparisons to hitler , please . 
  and all that `` politically-sanctioned regression '' can be overturned by the next administration . 
  sort of how trump is dismantling obama 's legacy , a democrat in 2020 could dismantle trump 's legacy . 
  do n't throw away your future and your citizenship of the richest nation on earth because of some short-term political woes . 
  yeah fair enough , although i 'd say it 's very rare for roma and irish traveller women to be in education . 
  plus , marrying outside of the community is even rarer . 
  nope . 
  neither the irish gypsies nor the roma . 
  integration is impossible when your lifestyle is based around not integrating . 
  theresa may ran through a field of wheat once with her friends when she way younger . 
  oh and she also called a snap election to extend her majority , but in fact lost her majority and now hangs onto power with the help of right-wing ulster unionists . 
  david cameron inserted his penis into the mouth of a decapitated swine . 
  oh and he also called a referendum on our membership of the eu to appease eurosceptics , expecting to win , he did n't , and he resigned . 
  gordon brown once called a woman a bigot when he thought his microphone was switched off . 
  oh and during the financial crisis his government left a note saying `` i 'm afraid there is no money '' . 
  tony blair actually thought he was n't toxic and could make a come back to british politics after brexit .
