not joining the eu until 1973 meant that the eu always looked like a franco-german project that privileged french and german interests were we wrong to think that when the president of france literally vetoed our application twice ? 
  also , for an article talking about british exceptionalism , arrogance , certainty , it seems the writers of this article are certain of the armageddon that will befall on britain after brexit . 
  that 's eu exceptionalism for me , an arrogant article tbh . 
  because it 's not true . 
  our economy is ( albeit slowly ) growing , our unemployment rate is at its lowest in 40 years and inflation is falling again . 
  i 'd say counties who still have n't recovered from the financial crisis , are the `` sick men of europe '' . 
  although it 's decreased rapidly , youth unemployment in spain is still 38.6 % , that 's a real problem . 
  we do n't have anything as serious as that in the uk . 
  the amount of overreaction from the media is embarrassing . 
  we 're a permanent member of the un security council , a member of nato , of the wto , of oecd , the g7 , g20 , you name it . 
  yet somehow we are suddenly this no mark little isolationist island because we decided the eu is n't for us . 
  glad we left . 
  good riddance . 
  no taxation without representation ? 
  mate , back in great britain , only 3 % of us had the right to vote ( landed gentry ) yet we were still law abiding citizens and paid our taxes !, 
  we only hiked up your taxes because we needed to pay for a war in which we fought against the french , in your best interests . 
  in return you dumped our precious tea into boston harbour ( even though tea was one of the commodities that we actually reduced taxation on ), 
  since when do we call americans trashy ? 
  up until the coup , coastal holidays to places like marmaris were pretty popular with brits . 
   and that is for stupid reasons also yeah that 's now how you 're gon na win us back . 
  i should have mentioned my vote to leave the eu had nothing to do with civil liberties . 
  they 're separate issues for me . 
  the government have said they 'll stay in the echr ( which is n't even related to the eu ) which is good news though . 
  well they are representative . 
  britian first whilst not electorally successful , are very well known in the uk . 
  they have a massive presence on social media and their rallies sometimes make the news . 
  -- look on facebook : ( yes i know it 's stupid , but indicative of how well known they are ) labour 996k likes tories 634k likes britain first 1.9 m likes, 
   there 's a reason why there are next to no left-wing eurosceptic parties what you said , that 's intellectually dishonest . 
  you never mentioned anything about mainstream . 
  brexit was not a left v right issue . 
  37 % of labour voters supported leave . 
  42 % of tory voters supported remain . 
  36 % of snp voters supported leave . 
  -- edit : the sdp do exist , they are an offshoot of the original party from the 80s , they stood in every constituency in sheffield and one constituency in glasgow . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democratic_party_ ( uk , _ 1990 -- present ), 
  many small left-wing parties favoured leave : * new communist party of britain * communist party of britain ( marxist -- leninist ) * communist party of britain * respect party * social democratic party ( sdp ) * socialist labour party * trade unionist and socialist coalition -- it 's not much of a surprise considering the hard left in the uk have always been eurosceptics . 
  tony benn ( rip ) , jeremy corbyn ( despite his referendum stance ) dennis skinner ; another of old labour 's hard eurosceptics . 
  they see the eu as a neoliberal project that shits on workers rights and favours big corporations . 
  defending civil liberties is also one of their defining policies , a policy i greatly care about . 
  i could never join the conservatives under may with their archaic porn laws , snoopers charter and perverse idea of a government run internet . 
  i also find may 's anti-science approach to marijuana fucking baffling . 
  it 's clear the lib dems are n't going to stop brexit , so i was happy to lend my vote to them again ( i have always voted for them ), 
  i voted leave and lib dem in 2017 . 
  around 30 % of lib dems voted leave . 
  not that true . 
  they tactically chose not to run candidates in seats where brexiteer mps had a good chance of winning . 
  i was going off the roger moore bond . 
  james bond : ukip, 
  it 's not difficult at all , those were just the bizzare rants of a welsh nationalist . 
  it 's not , it 's an abomination and should be rooted out at every opportunity . 
  nasal, 
  gold is richer and stronger , there 's definitely a difference imo . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/5et9si/which_dlcs_should_i_get_a_help_for_people_new_to/?st=j5dysxgu&amp;sh=6eaca843 here 's a thread from 7 months ago , could use it as a guide . 
  personally i really like art of war . 
  and i 'm gon na be honest i have all of them cos i just pirate them . 
  are you talking of the loose leaf tea faction ? 
  i 've heard rumours but i did n't know they actually existed . 
  yep . 
  only yorkshire tea though , cos i 'm a tea elitist . 
  was a / r/eu4 joke, 
   how do you drink your coffee ? 
  i do n't, 
  cornish beaches and landscapes are beautiful , and tourists love it . 
  however , locals are pretty deprived . 
  cornwall never really recovered from the decline of tin mining and the fishing industry . 
  as such it 's not only one the poorest areas in the uk , it 's one of the poorest in europe . 
  cornwall . 
  shit infrastructure , barely any jobs outside of tourism and the housing market is saturated by second holiday homes . 
  all in all , a pretty grim outlook for young people , who pretty much leave as soon as possible . 
  [ i think this sums up the english response to such an occurance ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h9tpme9xsne ) we call it the mexican wave in football , but in rarely happens , only in friendlies or international games . 
  the main protestant ( and religious group overall ) in england is anglican . 
  in wales it 's anglican too , although historically wales loved a bit of non-conformism ( baptists and methodists ) . 
  scotland is presbyterian , i guess that 's calvinist/reformed ? 
  same in northern ireland , where presbyterians is the biggest protestant group . 
  followed by the anglican church and then methodists . 
  due to the splits between protestants , catholicism is the single biggest religion in northern ireland . 
  annoying . 
  they have far too much influence and too little loyalty . 
  it 's a piss take giving them provinces to control all the time . 
  anywhere with a greggs . 
  difficult question because it depends on age , language proficiency , sense of humour e.t.c. 
  but if i had a pint with some lad from cumbria and then some lad from kathmandu , i 'd probably have more in common with the former . 
  love me some pickled onion monster munch . 
  flamin hot is decent too . 
  roast beef ones taste like arse imo . 
  itv have england games and whilst they do maintain some impartiality , it 's pretty obvious they want england to win . 
  however , say england play wales or scotland then they really have to be impartial . 
  the afghan refugee on the train , more of an axe attack tbf . 
   twiglets are a wheat-based snack with a `` distinctive knobbly shape '' similar to that of a small twig . 
  the taste of twiglets derives from the yeast extract used in its coating , and has been compared to that of marmite . 
  occasionally . 
  scousers : good sense of humour but will pinch your hubcap essex : fake tan , thick west country : cider drinking , tractor owning inbreds norfolk : just inbred yorkshire : proud , not afraid to speak their mind , gravy drinkers geordies : wear barely any clothes on a night out brummies : dull , monotonous , depressing bunch mancunians : wear stone island and bucket hats , listen to stone roses , fucked off their face from keys of ket home counties : posh bastards, 
  must be a continental thing . 
  it was literally everywhere in budapest . 
  it ruined my day when i mistakenly purchased it , i 'd rather drink cat piss . 
  we drink tap water in the uk . 
  probably the green party . 
  their stance on nuclear energy is paticularly moronic . 
  liberal democrats for almost everything , bar their brexit stance . 
  i 'm aware , jordan too are taking a lot in .
