khumhum , nothing to see here guys , move along \u00af \\ \\ _ \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 _ / \u00af, 
  if anyone is looking to study abroad , grenoble is a great place to do so , 
  nah , he 's just thirsty for karma :p, 
  hi , ping / u/coug24suspence because he answered too . 
  if you 're serious about this , there 's absolutely no reason anyone with high qualifications like you ca n't make it here . 
  you 're all welcome . 
  i suggest you go to the sub of the country ( ies ) you would be interested in and ask a bit of questions about compagnies , cities etc. 
  one american did this in r/france and got a lot of quality responses . 
  hope you do well in life , much love < 3, 
  do n't generalize on one post , 
  in france you 're not allowed ( as a private citizen or business ) to record people 's sexual preferences , political affiliations , health status , ethnic origins , religious affiliations . 
  and absolutely not allowed to discriminate based on those , or gender . 
  there are exceptions but they are few and far between and require prior approval from relevant institutions . 
  so to answer your question , it is absolutely not permitted . 
  hence the legal actions . 
  says the one whos country is getting fucked over . 
  stay salty , you 'll need it after germany teaches you the second part of the lesson . 
  not so far actually . 
  a bit like [ that ] ( https://youtu.be/h6mzbrqc8ei?t=32s ) too . 
  i wish you luck for your upcoming elections amazing neighbor !, 
  tonight is about celebration . 
  i will spend it delecting myself of the salt in / r/the _ donald :d, 
  a pleasure < 3, 
  it is indeed . 
  we 'll see about that , not really anything we can foresee for now . 
  he did n't qualify for the second round . 
  the movement france insoumise is still running a lot of candidates for the next elections in june ( for parliament members ) so it 's not like they 're out of the landscape . 
  still a lot has to occur in the next month . 
  well they have been raiding us constantly for a while now . 
  too bad for them we actually have a decent educational system , 
  you 're not . 
  this is going to be sweet , some people in r/france has a raid planed on them i believe . 
  exactly , voting ends at 20:00 in every big cities , do n't expect good projections before at least 20:30 . 
  i 'd like to point out that every big city in france keeps voting offices open till 20:00 . 
  given how close the polls gave the 4 leading candidates , the media has announced they 're not confident the 20:00 estimations will be worth something good . 
  so , some info there . 
  supposedly it has been announced that it was a poll from opinionway . 
  now : * opinionway calls bullshit * it 's not an exit poll * it 's on the internet , not representative of the population , and is only people who `` declare '' having voted . 
  in the end , it 's all bullshit everywhere . 
  wait till at least 20:00 . 
  so , some info there . 
  supposedly it has been announced that it was a poll from opinionway . 
  now : * opinionway calls bullshit * it 's not an exit poll * it 's on the internet , not representative of the population , and is only people who `` declare '' having voted . 
  in the end , it 's all bullshit everywhere . 
  wait till at least 20:00 . 
  every poll has given her losing very hard to any of the 3 other major candidates . 
  and their voters would rather die than vote for her . 
  i 'm not worried . 
  there 's really no way to know before getting the results  traditionnaly the more voters , the less votes ( in proportion ) for le pen . 
  so there 's that . 
  so , some info there . 
  supposedly it has been announced that it was a poll from opinionway . 
  now : * opinionway calls bullshit * it 's not an exit poll * it 's on the internet , not representative of the population , and is only people who `` declare '' having voted . 
  in the end , it 's all bullshit everywhere . 
  wait till at least 20:00 . 
  so , some info there . 
  supposedly it has been announced that it was a poll from opinionway . 
  now : * opinionway calls bullshit * it 's not an exit poll * it 's on the internet , not representative of the population , and is only people who `` declare '' having voted . 
  in the end , it 's all bullshit everywhere . 
  wait till at least 20:00 . 
  ok so here it is . 
  marine le pen occupies a niche with very dedicated voters . 
  we have an election in two rounds though so having a dedicated core of fan will bring your to round two but wo n't win the elections unless you can garner the support of the voters of other parties and le pen is not good at that at all as a majority of non-fn voters would prefer to die than vote for her . 
  all in all she is not among the favourites at all , even if her numbers may seem big in the polls you need to balance them with the fact that non far right parties ( from center right to far left ) would annihilate her in pretty much every case in second round . 
  if you do n't believe this , you only have a few days to be proved wrong . 
  if she gets in the second round , you 'll hear every eliminated candidate call for their electors to vote against her . 
  and they will . 
  true that . 
  polls that show she 'd get fucked by any other candidate in the second round . 
  same thing that happened with her father . 
  why immediatly imply we 're going to do some stupid shit ? 
  he actually said the opposite of what you said just yesterday night on official tv interview . 
  he wants negociations . 
  i consider it to be your interpretation , just like i consider melanchon 's fans to have their own . 
  presenting it as facts is not my way . 
  just that . 
  i do n't care that he 's not part from it . 
  but honestly , there 's way of saying things . 
  going full circlejerk in the other direction is not interesting to me neither . 
  here he goes again . 
  m\u00e9lenchon only wants our overseas territories to join an economic area in south america . 
  does n't concern metropolitan france . 
  not an alliance . 
  well , the eu * is * a neo-liberal institution . 
  it 's not . 
  * le pen wants to exit , no matter what . 
  * macron wants to stay , no matter what . 
  * m\u00e9lenchon wants to renegotiate the eu 's functioning and laws , particularly talk together again about the debt and all . 
  if the eu refuses to start negotiations , he wants to throw a debate then a referendum about getting out . 
  * fillion wants to stay in . 
  i 'm really not sure this is worth a lot . 
  we have n't seen much of trump , we do n't hear much of putin and the poll specifically asks to choose . 
  pretty sure if there was an `` i do n't give a fuck '' option the majority of people would have clicked that . 
  my opinion tho, 
  i 'd be curious to have a source on that . 
  honestly , the is no way i read any article coming from the telegraph . 
  this newspaper is confirmed absolute trash in my eyes . 
  we love you here too guys < 3, 
  not saying i know everything here , but do n't make statements too fast . 
  a 15 seconds video , whatever is in it , does not at all recap the several hours of demonstrations and fights that took place more than often in france lately in my opinion .
