  also , our constitution defines marriage as `` partnership of man and woman '' . 
  together with family and motherhood those enjoy special protection from the community . 
  whats wrong with civil partnership ? 
  what does it matter to you how its called ? 
  i hate to do this here . 
  maybe a quick thought , so you can decide yourself if we are `` homophobic '' . 
  the definition of marriage is a civil union of man and woman . 
  very reason of its existence is to make sure that woman is being taken care of , even if helpless during pregnancy . 
  such family is the best `` mechanism '' to provide new members of society ( and makes sure they will be properly socialised ) - therefore marriage deserves protection from the community . 
  so , as the defintion of marriage is already taken , here we talk about `` civil partnership '' , in regards to gay people . 
  logic is not homophobic . 
  well played . 
  shares ? 
  i would rather get gold . 
  or ammo ... 
  we like it . 
  now we are talking . 
  burka bans are silly . 
  now the question is : does holland have right to shape its culture and influence its future or not ? 
  catholicism is much less visible or influential than islam in western europe . 
  come and see for yourself . 
  its a joke about polish people never being satisfied . 
  lies !, 
  its empty , unemployed and full of white bears on streets . 
  dont come here !, 
   the burkini ban is sign of a problem but not necessarily the one you think about thats the thing , i believe there are multiple problems . 
  i think the probability of accident is even bigger if they were using gas from the bottles . 
  how mature of you . 
  inb4 `` thread deleted '' :d . 
  hear , hear . 
  things like that are simply an emanation of deeper problems , how cant you see that ? 
   solely because some people do n't like are you sure this is all there is ? 
  they just dont like it ? 
  again : things like that are simply an emanation of deeper problems , how cant you see that ? 
  its not going away . 
  sarkozy just called for national ban in france ( you probably dont know that , lol ) , this is just the begining . 
  besides its not about a piece of clothing . 
  so much more to it . 
  is this a start of european turning point in thinking about muslims ? 
  will other ethnicities experience the same ? 
  does french culture have right to act like this toward another culture ? 
  where is this coming from ? 
  whats going to happen next ? 
  what are the repercusions ? 
  what muslims feel about it ? 
   making this whole discussion go away is exactly what put europe in trouble it is now in . 
  thats not the analysis . 
  that `` story '' is there to get out of your comfort zone and get closer to the problem . 
  look at the comments . 
  `` its stupid '' or `` serves them well ! '', 
  is all you get . 
  people are superficial . 
  cant blame me for poking their souls . 
  what ? 
  not talking about problems is never good . 
  skip and downvote . 
  how lazy can one be ? 
  to some `` living on a welfare '' is as bad . 
  2 ) lot of ill will from you . 
  i even said `` dreamt college '' , that could be in another district or country . 
  3 ) there was a piece in new york times about steep decline of tourism in france and whole towns going out of business . 
  the connection people make is : `` burkinis are associated with islam , islam is associated with terror , therefore we ban burkinis , people will not be affraid '' . 
  i said it is stupid : but i also said this comes from desperation . 
  i am for understanding of motives and analizing problems . 
  you must admit , that the burkini ban is a sign of a problem . 
  if you just say : `` racist !, 
  '' , that basically closes the discussion . 
  apparently the media follow 16 year olds advices . 
  seems like eu goverments are doing the same . 
  old chinese proverb : if we follow a road , surely , we will end up where it leads . 
  what is it like then ? 
  as simple as `` french people are rasist and islamophobic '' , right ? 
   is n't a helpful way to `` scream for help '' okay . 
  what is ? 
  what would you do in those shoes ? 
  great effort . 
  thanks . 
  he actually nailed it with this :  `` we 're actually helping so many foreign people , we 're doing the most anti-nazi thing i could imagine '' they will destroy their own culture , just to prove they are not murderers any more . 
  i wish paul would read some more data , instead of swallowing ready pieces from media . 
  are you sure ? 
  the ban is silly . 
  idiotic even . 
  but i do understand those people . 
  you see , its the local authorities that introduce the bans . 
  local authorities in tourist spots . 
  now please put yourself in that peoples shoes . 
  you got a family business , a cafe , next to the beach . 
  you work with your mother and wife . 
  it was a decent life before , but since the `` refugee '' crisis and big terror attacks , you dont earn enough to pay the mortgage , not to mention to gather the money so your daugther can go to the college she dreamt of . 
  if things will keep on going like this , you will lose your small business , bank will take everything you own and you will end up under a bridge with your sick mother and teen daugther . 
  at first you look at your politicians . 
  surely they want to help and fix your problems ? 
  except they dont . 
  for the first time in your life you feel left alone . 
  for the first time in your life a thought `` im being sacrificed '' appears ... what do you expect ? 
  they will surely try to fix those problems themselves and this is a solution they could think of . 
  the very existence of those people is endangered . 
  those bans are scream for help . 
  scream from helpless people , left alone with problems bigger than continents . 
  dont judge them .
