third world story right here , folks . 
  edit : removed as `` local news '' . 
  are you bloody kidding me ? 
  you could remove every single news piece like that . 
  even 9.11 happened locally , ffs !, 
  edit : removed - `` lacking credible source '' - its sky news and warwickshire police ... 
  i personally heard : `` etot byl gienadij hendrix , a tepier budiet kamanda pinka flojda '' in a russian radio , years ago . 
   sorry , i dont do cyrylic . 
  i was forced to learn it . 
  yes . 
  few months ago they were able to field tens of thousands people on demonstrations . 
  now they struggle to mobilize people so they do provocations , like what you mention . 
  also we comment in a thread about another one . 
  i also remember this crazy feminist screaming in a church , but im not sure if shes kod . 
  and there was this event obama didnt come to ( that was hilarious  ) . 
  so thats what i ment , maybe `` crushing '' is not the word i should have chosen . 
  to be honest , im not into the plankton politics and dont really care for kod or onr . 
  im certainly no specialist . 
  i decided to speak here , because i found the article dishonest . 
  apparently the crimes are not important for the nationalists . 
  shame . 
  we should not celebrate those people . 
  if there is any good time to use '' / s '' its now with your comment , mate . 
  or gienadij hendrix ? 
  are you trying to refuse a platform for political opponents ? 
  how progressive . 
  you need to ask ? 
  he just said he cant handle looking at the name . 
  well , soros funds the `` open society '' and `` batory fundation '' . 
  both of the organisations support the kod . 
  agreed , they use it quite often . 
  other organizations have their modus operandi too : just like kod is crushing its political opponents events . 
  as for the injured guy , i heard there is some footage of him . 
  i believe the police is looking into the matter . 
  im sorry for you . 
  so easy to condition people , its sad . 
  every conversation is better without the `` ad personam '' bullshit . 
  those people were on trial and sentenced for the crime and i have never heard anyone celebrating them . 
  you seem to be very confused . 
  why would you even use the term `` pure '' if it doesnt make any difference ? 
  as i said , the start of the xx century . 
  pilsudski died in 1935 . 
  wwii has changed a lot on the continent and in the world . 
  ethnic poland is one of the results , we didnt have to think about the stuff for decades , as we were not independend . 
  someone else decided on things like that . 
  now we can think about the stuff and debate it again . 
  so you got people like kod and soros on one side and nationalists on the other . 
  i would say its pretty normal , the author of the article says `` the world is ending '' . 
  im not aware of any `` child killing '' , please share the sources . 
  even if true , you still failed to point out , where do i say `` pure heroes '' . 
  multicultural society is not a polish value . 
  we tried it centuries ago and we didnt like it . 
  even in the recent history : the conceptions of piast ( ethnic poland ) vs jagiellon ( bigger , multiethnic organism ) were debated since poland regained its independence in 1918 . 
  therefore such actions are attempts to change the culture . 
  cursed soldiers is a name for people who would fight the communist occupation . 
  why do you think heroes need a `` centralized organization '' ? 
  too many marvel movies ? 
  no need to go into extremes . 
  his agenda is to change european culture . 
  as much as he has right to such attempts , everyone else has a right to oppse it , no ? 
  quote me . 
  and people like soros dont exist ... its not a `` conspiracy theory '' , hundreds of organizations are very open about their agenda , not to mention media . 
  name the incidents , please , it may be interesting topic for the conversation . 
   then you hear that the victims were merely pretending to be injured to discredit their pristine reputation . 
  finally we hear that the victims were actually perpetrators of such heinous acts of provocation as standing in close vicinity to said nationalist groups . 
  what if its the truth ? 
  if i recall correctly , the police is preventing meeting of the `` gay pride '' parades and conservative counter demonstrations . 
  its a common sense not to get in the middle of a celebration of your ideological counter part . 
  seems like modus operandi of most redditors  . 
  if you were gay in medieval times ( not exclusively , just to paint the background ) , you would become a priest or a nun . 
  how am i hypocritical or neo-nazi ? 
  please point it out . 
  what do you disagree with ? 
  lol , what ? 
  church was a gay refuge for centuries . 
  oh my god . 
  where to start ? 
  first , the soros guys ( kod ) came to the mass ( interesting thing , the leader said before `` im done with the church '' ) to start a fight . 
  they even simulated a wounded guy !, 
  there was no other reason for them to come . 
  they say they wanted to honour the heroes , yet when the leader was asked for their names , he didnt know them . 
   chief of staff to prime minister beata szyd\u0142o , told reporters , `` above all , i value those who are patriots . '' is it a crime in the europe yet ? 
   ( pesident ) duda praised the ultras for honoring poland 's past , saying : `` in order to be strong , in order to nurture a new generation , a country has to have heroes . '' really ? 
  this is a proof , that our president is fascist ? 
   in response , the pis has cultivated new national heroes -- in this case , the `` cursed soldiers '' cursed soldiers were always polands national heroes , but it was forbidden to talk about them . 
  seriously , jail for even mentioning them . 
  we carried the memory of people who fought the communism , despite all efforts of communist goverment . 
  its not new and it shows how much the author knows about poland . 
  it seems to me , that the author wrote what polish opposition told him . 
  the people that appear in the article are cherry picked to prove a point . 
  pure , shameless propaganda . 
  let me just say thank you . 
  contrary to the popular beliefs , i think being perceived as racist and fascist country may be beneficial . 
  just compare ethnic tensions in usa or france with ours . 
  so yeah , keep up the good work , you incompetent bastard  . 
   laws about what can and cant be said . 
  good point . 
  let me just add , that the polish - lithuanian commonwealth was not free of ethnic and cultural tensions . 
  but yes , islam is a militant culture . 
  what , would you prefer mechanical bees , that would be doing the job ?
