  `` you have reached your article limit '' . 
  i dont have to read it to know the answer to the question : its socialism . 
  plenty . 
  lots of history . 
  almost never hostility . 
  similar experiences , same enemies . 
  plenty of good stories - like hungarian goverment being the only one to help poland vs soviets in 1920 ( sending huge amount of ammunition , while dockers in gdansk went on strike to stop marine supply lines ) . 
  or hungarian troops refusing to fight poles during the warsaw uprising . 
  and many more . 
  those stories are quite popular in poland . 
  i dont know what hungarians think  . 
   the number of babies born to polish mothers overtook those from pakistan in 2009 , and reached 22,900 in 2015 . 
  lol . 
  france reconquista next . 
  the thing is that those bans are issued by local authorities . 
  people who do not control any kind of agenda . 
  if you have a cafe and your profits fall so much it endangers your family , you panic . 
  its really that simple . 
  as tourism profits go down ( and they do ) , the people dependant on it try to find a way to improve the situation . 
  they figured terrorism and islam is turning people away , so they came up with an `` adequate '' solution . 
  before you start to judge those people , think about how little power is behind them and how left alone they must feel right now . 
  no big decision maker is so dependant on the every day reality . 
  its a bloody scream for help . 
  its not a new idea , that welfare is more harmful than helpful - to the recipient . . 
  if you want to consider real things and real world , a healthy dose of cynism is a good thing . 
  dont know , it was my uderstanding they blocked the street . 
  savage :d, 
  / s ( ftfy ), 
  you know goethe ? 
  `` faust '' , the satan speaks : `` i am part of that power which eternally wills evil and eternally works good . '', 
  it works other way around too . 
  too much `` good '' and you are screwed . 
  what do you mean `` fighting for '' ? 
  everyone who receives the asylum is allowed to bring all his family in . 
  they are `` here '' , because you told them they can come and have a life of their dreams . 
  the west has lied to those people . 
  people see this as an invasion , but the truth is those guys in the film are the most innocent here . 
  if they were told something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt12wh4a92w ) , thay would probably stay home and fight for their future . 
  western europe is to blame . 
  evil is rarley obvious , its not a comic book . 
  the rich can move some place else . 
  what about average folks ? 
  cashier on the station , local grocer ? 
  also , it looks like some university campus . 
  young , healthy people . 
  exactly what you need if you want to rebuild a country , or build its future . 
  we should be providing them security at their homes , so they can lead a life of achievement and prosperity , not deluding them with welfare coma !, 
  depends on definitions . 
  terrorism is much older than msm . 
  this is how you do it . 
  awesome people !, 
  ewww , whats that ? 
  get it off me !, 
  didnt say nothing about `` allowing '' . 
  its just an observation . 
  and hurry up with the babies !, 
  10 minutes ago you said they will be ready in 5 !, 
  nature hates vacuum . 
  it will suck the islam in instead . 
  he spent two hours in a parked couch in summer , after his flight . 
  you dont have to believe me or him , it wont change the effect . 
  mate , look at the tourist industry . 
  look at the lenght it goes to bring the tourist in and make sure he is satisfied . 
  its for a reason . 
  and safety is one of the most wanted commodity . 
  a satisfied customer brings another one , unhappy turns 10 people away . 
  my friend was in paris last year and he couldnt get to the hotel , as the traffic was hold for some muslim prayers . 
  care to give examples ? 
  i think this is worth to repeat myself : `` keep in mind , that this process ( emigration ) is very damaging for eastern european countries . 
  and i dont even mean depopulation , but pure cost of educating and raising those people is quite significant . 
  we cover all the expenses , the west offers better money and social policies unaffordable to us and takes over our human resources , so to speak . 
  yes , a number of emigrants send money `` home '' , but in my opinion this benefit is not justified . 
  in overall , current immigration policy hurts eastern europe . 
  im not saying im against it , as i believe certain values are more important , but bear in mind , that we didnt design it and its not beneficial to us . '', 
  you sound like he is an aberration . 
  im sorry to say , but this kind of `` conversations '' is exactly why trump has so much supporters . 
  its very common . 
  some people believe they are justified to act like that . 
  as nazis and commies thought they are justified to kill their political opponents . 
  they are not human , they are scum , right ? 
  ayatollah khomeini was bragging about the iranian islamic revolution : that no lives were lost . 
  surprised journalist went like : `` but there werre thousands of victims ! '' . 
  khomeini answered : `` those were not people , those were dogs '' . 
  fair enough . 
  so you will restrict yourself to call me names . 
  guess i should be thankful . 
  yes , it has . 
  check it out . 
  as far as i understand , it was a memorial to a terror attack victims and people were allowed to do that . 
  its been cleaned . 
  i meant soviets at the helm . 
  polish soviets , to be exact . 
  soviets in our goverment . 
  at the time , polish leadership was soviet . 
  in other words , you refuse a platform to someone you dont agree with ? 
  thanks for the explanation , upvoting for visibility . 
  sadly , its not unusal . 
  then again , i love how cheeky she is , so the gun remains in the safe . 
  for now . 
  good to hear .
