  we will fight the allied god and devil , if they poke us wrong way . 
  if you look at the bigger picture and prospects for future - its pennies , mate . 
  besides , some things are priceless . 
  hence `` almost '' . 
  who said anything about generosity ? 
  russian federation . 
  my bet is on chechens . 
  we got some inter goverment agreement , ukrainians dont need to apply for asylum to live , work or study in poland . 
  in 2015 there was [ about 10k applications ] ( http://www.unhcr-centraleurope.org/pdf/resources/statistics/2015/asylum-trends-poland-2015.html ) . 
  thats literally the number of people from the whole world interested in applying for asylum here ... 
  finally you understood . 
  good night to you too . 
  but thats what ** you ** want , ffs !, 
  have you read your own link ? 
  its about public opinion , which has nothing to do with laws . 
  also , the data actually confirms what im saying !, 
  about 500k ukrainians for start . 
  listen here , we took some muslim refugees and the next day they were in germany . 
  please realize that they want to go there , for a big welfare and german citizenship . 
  the only way we can take and keep refugees here is building some kind of concentration camps so they dont escape . 
  pull your head from your ass and look around . 
  start thinking and if you dont know something , dont affraid to ask . 
  look at you now . 
  you throw completely idiotic accusations about my country , based on your imagination only . 
  where did you hear such bs ? 
  poland has exactly the same refugee laws as germany . 
  why do you say we `` refuse to give refugees the right of asylum '' ? 
  why do you lie here ? 
  so , again : where that accusation of xenophoby comes from ? 
  where do you see xenophoby ? 
  i mean besides your comment . 
  there are two elections . 
  in one you vote for parties , then winning party ( or coalition ) presents prime minister . 
  then you have another election , directly for the president . 
  yes . 
  therefore again : let the people decide . 
  but also , eu commission trust levels among europeans is extremely low . 
  direct democracy would help with that . 
  we had one in the last parliament . 
  he was really popular . 
  president of the republic is the head of state . 
  polish head of state is elected directly . 
  i got a revolutionary idea . 
  how about #letting people vote and decide for themselves !, 
  it stared centuries before . 
  at the start of the xiii century a huge mongol invasion attacked europe , they have reached as far as legnice ( close to cologne ) . 
  after the khans death in mongolia , they moved back , but they did vassalize basically every eastern duchy and county . 
  they introduced the most cruel regime . 
  the only way to survive for a local lord , was to unconditionally carry out the mongol will . 
  they were slaves for centuries . 
  it had to leave a mark . 
   a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ) that saved countless lives . 
  ftfy, 
  that was just a friendly banther . 
  russia has never been able to fulfil its potential . 
  great , big country , great people , most natural reasources in the world and the worst people at the helm . 
  i think russia has problem with freedom , which is the condition for advanced development . 
  they just dont like it . 
  i was told , that the refugees are in europe only until the war at their home is over . 
  was i lied to ? 
  it can not be !, 
  / s honestly , germany . 
  get your shit together . 
  first you start the race ( everyone who will be able to get through the great european obstacle course will get to be german - ** go !, 
  ** ) , and now you want them to leave ? 
  make up your mind , people are dying every day on the obstacle course !, 
  there is a hint for you . 
  a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt12wh4a92w ) that saved countless lives . 
  :d i appreciate it . 
  now im evil and immoral  . 
  if you manage to dehumanize me as well , it will be last step from postulate of physically eliminate me . 
  lets end it , before you discover your inner hitler . 
  it will be too late . 
  now is almost too late . 
  hopefuly this time they wont forget to keep some for their own citizens ... 
  how progressive . 
   you should join the circus do those little mean remarks help you somehow ? 
  cause i got ta tell you , they dimnish you , not me . 
  its okay on reddit , but if you go like this in real life , people will dislike you . 
  it only works when those are really clever , yours are meh . 
  one thing in this world almost everyone is happy about - internet . 
  and they are going to screw it up completely for some idiotic agenda . 
  psa : if you downote a news piece you find outrageous , less people will be able to read it . 
   real pride does n't need to be constantly broadcasted to other people . 
  :d that was a bait about `` gay pride parades '' . 
  couldnt imagine better fitting answer . 
  listen , mate . 
  let us be who we are . 
  we got nothing against gay people , but we have strong opinions about our culture and we shall protect it . 
  i cant help if you take it personal . 
  tolerance was invented exactly for guys like us . 
  lets dont try to change each other , but lets agree to tolerate each other . 
  and thank you for the conversation . 
  you mistake pride with `` desperate to be seen as equals '' . 
  no one is forced to do anything and everyone has exactly the same rights . 
  thats a fact . 
  honestly , i dont see any drawback of not being `` equal '' in the western eyes . 
  where do you see the `` desperate to be seen as equals '' ? 
  of course . 
  with opposite gender , as our constitution says .
