  i wonder how much the country spends for a child in school , or a patient in hospital . 
  call me primitive , but my common sense says the prison should not be more expensive than 5 star hotel . 
  post ir on r/russia and prepare the popcorn  . 
  no , [ this is what we ignore at our own peril ] ( http://cdn.images.dailystar.co.uk/dynamic/1/photos/142000/582142.jpg ) . 
  crime rate [ comparison ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/crime/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=netherlands&amp;country2=poland ) between netherlands and poland . 
  im on a mobile , so i cant be bothered to look for other stats , but im pretty sure we spend significantly less per prisoner . 
  it does matter , if you are the one that pays the bill . 
  100-200 euro a night ? 
  wtf is going on inside ? 
  cocaine parties with models ? 
  this is insane . 
  throw criminals in a hole and them some food every day , you are done . 
  it simply cant cost more than luxury holiday , ffs !, 
  they are coming for us . 
  do not ignore this . 
  god help us all ... 
  she will `` fix '' us ... run for the hills !, 
  honestly , does she have a chance to win again ? 
  pay attention to construct : `` integration vs regression '' . 
  im old enough to remeber another inevitable victory of certain agenda . 
  its completely dead now . 
  very well written . 
  at some point even merkel will be claiming that she didnt want it , but something has forced her to go against their will . 
  besides he was following orders , wasnt he ? 
  howcome germany , after losing two wars , got to rule the europe ? 
  peaceful and alive religion ? 
  cultural differences ? 
  kinda my point . 
  world youth day in poland . 
  over 1 milion people , no serious crimes . 
   the top 10 has non muslim countries . 
  we wre talking about religious terorism and i made a claim that only muslims embrace it . 
  no wonder , its internal part of the religion . 
  thank you for the interesting link , but still i couldnt find info which other religion is as represented in religious terrorism as islam . 
  most interesting . 
  would you be so kind and present me the data on religious terrorism in the world , especiallu non muslim . 
  thanks !, 
  look at their past . 
  who will judge whos `` racist troll '' ? 
  you or merkel , perhaps ? 
  by `` they '' i ment the german govermen . 
  the big picture is that no other religion followers will kill themselves and innocent people with the name of their deity on their mouth . 
  i have no idea how one can ignore it . 
  the thing is , that nobody cares what you want . 
  they will do what they want . 
  people dont have problems with islam , because it says nasty thing like `` women are bit better than dogs and dogs are shit '' . 
  people have problem with islam , because apparently it makes people mad and they stab others or blow themselves up ,, 
  your attitude is entertaining , please tell me more . 
  its interesting , how did you compare gdps of , lets say , xiv century countries ? 
  what are the criteria for `` barely qualified '' ? 
  which countrys economy was based on industry in xvi century ? 
  the state was very s6ccesful for centuries , longer than usa . 
  of course ir wasnt perfect , as it didnt survive , but it wasnt worse or better than other countrues at a time . 
  also , we were talking about ability to fck europe , and you didnt say nothing that would make such actions impossible . 
  it looks like you have some problems with poland , have you considered moving ? 
  touche , 
  if you look further back than 100 years , you might be surprised . 
  google polish lithuanian commonwealth . 
  it was done to protect the german banks . 
  dont kid yourself . 
  do you honestly want to compare which of those 2 countries has bigger history of fcking europeans ? 
  poles looove netherlands . 
  first you fight with words ( like on reddit ) . 
  everybody wants peace and the history ( hell , present as well ) is filled with wars . 
  po only lost the elections because their refugee attitude . 
  everybody who agrees with merkel will lose every elections here . 
   you better start naming some if you make such grand statements . 
  did you just say there is nothing in the world worth fighting for ? 
  im not presenting the link to educate you , im showing the readers your ignorance . 
  such naiviety belongs in the 90s ... 
  they think they can do whatever you want . 
  we can see the effects of the failed politics - if we keep agreeing to anything , because they say so , we will fail too . 
  what great reasoning !, 
  we have been defeated !, 
   you are white , so you are evil . 
  my worry is that at some point tired white people will simply embrace this and go full gestapo . 
  if you dont stop `` mad '' , it turns to `` death '' . 
  im open to suggestions , wise guy . 
  you picked on that guys flair . 
  leave him alone and discuss this : http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/poland/united-kingdom/crime http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/poland/united-states/crime, 
  a lot can happen in 10 months . 
  its a matter of principles first of all . 
  we took 2000 syrian christians last year . 
  they were all in germany within a month . 
  they dont want to come here . 
  not muslims , not christians . 
  the only way to keep them here would be behind the barbed wire . 
  we are not going to start concentration camps to appease germans . 
  depends on the angela , doesnt it ? 
  apparently . 
  good thing poland has unlimited respawns ... 
  you dont seem to understand , so im simplifying . 
  whats the definition of a refugee ? 
  then we fight , we are used to it . 
  cowardice walks in front of a disaster . 
  how disrespectful . 
  do you berate everyone you dont agree with ? 
  let me repeat : some things are more important than `` economic benefits '' . 
  if you understood this , you wouldnt be in trouble angela here is desperate to outsource . 
  do not underestimate us .
