  poland approves  . 
  i wonder how the tourist figures for paris look this year . 
  because tourist places in eastern europe are booming . 
  is it racist to say that the action was stupid as fuck ? 
  was ? 
  how do you say politely `` f *** off '' ? 
  woul you be so kind and move towards a place , in which you can have sex with yourself ? 
  yes , that was my conclusion , which i stated . 
  was there any other point to your comment , except an excuse to display your aversion towards redditors in this thread ? 
  couldnt agree more . 
  in addition , the emigration is very damaging to the `` old country '' . 
  you see , education is free ( found by taxes ) in poland . 
  so we pay all the expenses to raise the labour force and then rich eu countries ( like uk ) basically bribe them to come and work there . 
  why would a country with such large social benefits open its border , is beyond me . 
  sounds like definition of `` stupid '' . 
  but i ment pakistanis problem in uk ... 
  honestly , its like brits just dont want to understand ... 
  and poland will pay :d . 
  my point is that its easier to find people talking english in france than in the east end . 
  meaning other minorities speak as much english as polish emmigrants . 
  whats the confusion ? 
  what he wrote is the most polish post i have seen today :d . 
  fair enough , we dont hear pakistanis complains in poland . 
  when i visited london , i stayed in the commercial road . 
  to my surprise , very few people would talk english . 
  it felt like france ... 
  where did i say pakistanis should be attacked ? 
  as for the languge : visit east end . 
  lol . 
  no true pole . 
  as i said in the comment you comment : elfdom failed to explain why poles , not pakistanis . 
  where is the `` seig heiling for hitler '' ? 
  ffs , generations of people trying to convince everyone we are racist nationalists and you ruin it with one post . 
  do you want people to start immigrating to poland ? 
  because we dont !, 
   it 's funny how poles are telling brits who should they dislike more ... and you base the conviction on a cartoon ? 
  how would you explain it to juliusinthehouse ? 
  its a legit question and elfdoms post does not answer the question ; or rather it fails to say why poles , not pakistanis . 
  fair enough . 
  sounds like victim blaming to me . 
  everything you type can be applied to other large minority groups . 
  have you ever been to east end ? 
  speaking against muslim immigration is `` taboo '' . 
  poles are white , so polonophobia ~ ~ is not ~ ~ seems less racist . 
  yup , it could be a polish tourists . 
  thats not a joke :p . 
   `` it has become perfectly legitimate to say we should close our borders '' thats the biggest worry of swedish people ? 
   `` swedes are extremely conformist , and a good discussion in sweden is one where everyone agrees . '', 
  ban everyone who doesnt agree , right ? 
  because its 1984 . 
  whos brilliant idea it was to put cyrylic on lithuanian streets ? 
  by the same logic , polish language may become mandatory in slovakia and iraq . 
  if eu is debating turkey admission , europe is everywhere ... 
  yes , they can . 
  but they dont . 
  and keeping its values no matter who was trying to stump those . 
  whats your point ? 
  not in poland , mate  . 
  good thing the women in the east can enjoy happy life ... 
  read the defininition of `` tolerance '' . 
  im polish . 
  it could start a war :p . 
  and now we get somewhere . 
  its a matter of definitions . 
  apparently the experiences and methodologies may be various . 
  i believe this matter needs more sincere research . 
  the foundation publishing the report has its own agenda . 
  here is [ the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/mar/05/violence-against-women-european-union-physical-sexual-abuse ) report on that matter , with much better and clearer methodology . 
  discrepancies are expected , but brits say we are tha safest for women in europe and poles say its worse than failed states of africa . 
  okay , the report says things like every second woman was assaulted 2-5 times in attempt of rape . 
  i will remain sceptic . 
  thats worse than anegdotal evidence . 
  what are your sources , besides imagination ? 
  show me the 90 % report , please . 
   the rape statistics in poland are certain to be not representative to actual crime what do you mean by that ? 
  yeah , no . 
  not funny and doesnt work for me at all . 
  but its just me , maybe others will appreciate it more . 
  good luck . 
  yes , i think its good enough for the discussion here . 
  if you have sources to say otherwise , or justbetter , donothesitate to link it here . 
  yeah , i dont get it . 
  to me it looks like you misread the title . 
  can you eli5 the joke for me ? 
  did you fucking read the article , kurwa mac ? 
  fair enough , thanks . 
  just one question : how are we not a first world , mate ? 
  i think we are already there . 
  im sure it does work . 
  show me the budget , the expenses and i will show you who does it work the best for . 
  here : [ you will not make australia home ] ( https://youtu.be/rt12wh4a92w ) . 
  it would save countless lives . 
  and no russians needed . 
  and still , russians seem to be surprised . 
  so amusing . 
  hmm . 
  so a 5 star hotel will charge 200 euro . 
  2 star hotel will charge 20 euro . 
  and 2 star hotel also has to pay staff , food , water and electricity . 
  okay , maybe 6000 euro/month is not much in netherlands .
