  one of the worst thing soviets made us do . 
  one of the worst things in our history , a real reason for shame . 
  you need to know , that ryszard siwiec , a man , who set himself on fire in the protest , is a national hero . 
  hope czechs and slovaks will forgive us . 
  i missed the flag , its tiny , not very clean and im a daltonist . 
  old saying : when two people bet , one of them is a cheater and the other one fool . 
  my fiance probably have seen the flag and didnt tell me  . 
  how ironic . 
  `` memorial '' looks abandoned and forgotten . 
  please be so kind and provide me the list and examples of allowed types of statements and threads . 
  i missed a memo or something . 
  i had a bet . 
  im not really evil , mate :d . 
  as much as [ `` the_donald '' posters ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4yofux/number_of_foreign_visitors_to_france_falls_sharply/d6p8zlb ) . 
  dont be racist . 
  good eyes !, 
  i couldnt see it even after you told me  . 
  you are right !, 
  what made you think that ? 
  thanks . 
  i lost the bet , thought it was italy :( . 
  now be that kind and explain to me , why is this relevant , please ? 
  other muslim countries are cheaper , simples . 
  are you suggesting this is very unique ? 
  there is an old chinese saying : `` if we follow a road , we will surely end up where the road leads . '', 
  where does your road lead , western europe ? 
  thats very informative , cleared it up for me , thanks . 
  `` good but its very naive and unrealistic '' dude ... 
  is it some kind of british tradition to keep politicians nobody agrees with ? 
  sometimes its hard to understand the islanders ... 
  in 2015 29 % of brits voted for the labour ... 
  `` what i want to do is achieve a world where we do n't need to go to war , where there is no need for it . '', 
  thats a guy that a good number of brits have chosen to represent them ? 
  you are doomed ... 
  damn it !, 
  of course we are next , arent we ? 
  can we sit this one out ? 
  just this once ? 
  for how long , tough ? 
  does it ? 
  best wishes , mate !, 
  hope it lasts forever !, 
  well , poland does . 
  its not up to me to make the plans . 
  but the plan in september 1939 was that we defend and keep the main german forces busy , while the allies enter the germany . 
  it wasnt `` we promise '' , those were concrete military plans . 
  polish battle plan was based on those . 
  yes , i know , i admit mr corbyn managed to provoke me and i did the same here . 
  hope i caused more people to give it a honest thought than bad blood . 
  not complaining , pointing out it works both ways . 
  they are still bitter we took kremlin together ( as the commonwealth )  . 
  yes , i do sound bitter , i admit . 
  and i assure you i have nothing against nato , on the contrary , i believe its great just to keep away the prospect of war . 
  the very nato existence keeps russia away at the moment . 
  if it comes to our aid , thats a different matter . 
  but yes , affected by mr corbyn here , i did stir up the hornets ` nest . 
  so much for keeping the emotions out , ey ? 
  as nato ( well , us ) is asking us to join every operation its running . 
  and we do . 
  for russia , poland is the key to europe . 
  the only recent change on political maps is russian annexation of crimea . 
  there is a war in a country next to us , its obvious we feel less safe than you . 
  what are we commenting on here ? 
  have you read the article ? 
  if you are looking for provocation , look at the title of the thread . 
  are you following me around ? 
   the saar offensive you are right , forgot about it , sorry . 
  yes , it was an effort . 
  the offensive was stopped after 12 days , without notifying poles . 
  the promised offensive ( which was a part of polish defensive plan ) was cancelled . 
  historians say this was a violation of treaty with poland . 
  there was a plan , that said : poles will defend for a month , keeping main german forces busy , the rest will take a stroll to berlin . 
  the polish war plan was build on this . 
  for centuies we had germany on the west and russia on the east . 
  there is nowhere to look for help . 
  the one time ( where do you get `` always '' from ? ), 
  we could be thinking about it , it was british initiative . 
  agreed . 
  its not a rant , im giving you the truth you dont want to hear . 
  yes , and there was not a single military operation on the continent , until hitler attacked france . 
  you are right , that was unnecessary . 
  read it all again , slowly . 
  using pen and paper and assigning numbers to posts will make it much easier for you . 
  and that bring us to the original point of the discussion , which apparently is : should eastern europe expect western help in case of trouble . 
  if someone attacks us and all you will do would be ** declaring ** war and we die - who needs an alliance like that ? 
  you actually started the war after germans attacked france . 
  and that was a comment about corbyn refuing to defend nato memebr , what confuses you ? 
  it was not very different than what happened to czechoslovakia . 
  listen , im not condemning anyone , im sorry it could be perceived that way . 
  we are not talking about emotions and rights/wrongs . 
  we talk about the big politics here . 
  the thing is , that the west didnt come to our defence . 
  it is understandable and there is no bad blood about it , but thats what happened ( rather - nothing happened ) and it is crucial for our well being to be able to properly judge what will happen in a similar situation in future . 
  let me show you what i have in mind . 
  polish gold was deposited in the west . 
  after the end of the war , it was confiscated by british goverment as a `` payment for using bases and equipment '' . 
  the same bases and equipment we were using to defend britain . 
  and i think it was good move , because if they were to hand it back , it would end in communist goverment hands . 
  its best to set emotions aside , when we talk about the most crucial things . 
  `` going to war for you '' .
