  splendid idea . 
  we could write an epic computer program to guide them in the fields and control their behaviour . 
  we could make them use ecological power , maybe they could use the pollen and nectar for power . 
  actually if we would design some kind of a hive structure and special `` mother factories '' , they could cover big areas without us even thinking of it !, 
  on the other hand , thats what the `` neolitic '' natural bees do without even being asked , not to mention designed , manufactured or programmed . 
  the nature of human cultures , as set of traditions , beliefs and ideologies that create a community is that only one may be dominant on a geographic area . 
  coexistence of cultures is of course possible , but always one of the present cultures is allowed to determine the shape of laws , politics and so on , while the `` lesser '' cultures follow . 
  but the cultural shifts are very possible - as an effect of a disaster ( natural or artificial one ) , or evolution . 
  sudden changes are sure to be very violent , slow ones tend to be hidden . 
  what we see in france now is struggle inseparable from multicultural society . 
  when the dominant culture is losing its status - by withdrawing or not opposing power grab by other cultures , it will present itself to unaware observer as sensless acts of violence and racism . 
  [ bees pollinate a third of everything we eat and play a vital role in sustaining the planet 's ecosystems . 
  some 84 % of the crops grown for human consumption -- around 400 different types of plants -- need bees and other insects to pollinate them to increase their yields and quality . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/17/why-are-bees-important ), 
  did anyone ask for zaolzie ? 
  seriously . 
  live between germany and russia for centuries and dont be paranoid , i dare you . 
  yeah , but the potential explanation could be funny or silly . 
  no reason to throw entertainment away . 
  just stay in germany . 
  if you bring your `` riot control '' to poland , we will show you a real riot . 
  bloody new world . 
  i not saying you are wrong , but im curious : why do you think there is more crazies in poland than in syria ? 
  how rude . 
  is ukraine czech vassal or something ? 
  i thought czechs are the most reasonable slavs in the world . 
  is it me , or the terrorist attacks are pretty weak ? 
  you know , some `` pr stunts '' . 
  what if someone really smart will poison the water supply , sabotage a nuclear plant or gas hundreds in subway ? 
  i believe its a matter of time and i pray the west is ready . 
   ... after deadly jihadist attacks in rouen and in nice ...  ... peugeot 607 car was found packed with gas cylinders near notre dame cathedral on sunday ... 
   ... nothing in the idea of secularism opposes the practice of islam in france , provided it respects the law ... clearly most of his talk was about the internal frech affairs . 
  the article mention isis once only . 
  fair enough . 
  do you think the french policies and attitude towards minorities have changed as well ? 
  im thinking that the abusive `` tolerance '' , dominating the politics and media play a big part in it . 
  so you think the immigration is responsible ? 
  france was pretty diverse , with a significant muslim population 20-40 years ago and it was fine . 
  it must be something else . 
  what changed ? 
  `` must ... hide ... my lunacy !!!! '', 
  call me paranoid , but it sounds to me like they want to introduce arabic in european schools  . 
  howcome 40 years ago france was a european capital of culture and now it needs to fight `` barbarians '' ? 
  `` illegal links '' . 
  fuck those people . 
  `` quotas '' are violation of refugees human rights . 
  they dont want to live in poland , how do you want to force them ? 
  barbed wire ? 
  of course . 
  i want to debate the pension system . 
  current european social system is about 150 years old . 
  there are other choices . 
   you are refusing even a few syrian refugees ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  who refuses ? 
  the immigration law is exactly the same as german . 
   if you want 1 person to take care of 10 the whole point is that i dont , dont you understand ? 
  or you raise children that help you ? 
  why president of china ? 
  of course its a complicated matter . 
  i believe the problems you mention can be solved . 
  you may disagree , yet the point im trying to make is that we should not treat current economical dogmas as eternal and unchallengeable . 
  escpecially we talk about social policies , not some basic concepts , like private ownership . 
  at this point we dont even discuss alternatives . 
  im here to remind that those exist . 
  just travel to poland , you guys are welcome here . 
  i met a family of 5 in our city office , we talked a bit and it was most pleasant . 
  they were happy how simple the paperwork is . 
  thats a comparison anyone can understand . 
  also , im not comparing `` wealth '' . 
  just territory and population . 
  okay , lets start from the beginning : why do you want to prevent the population from shrinking ? 
  to what end ? 
  the perspective of us catching the west is not very long . 
  when a chinese wise man was asked about the implications of french revolution , he said `` its too early to tell '' . 
  im thinking the long term . 
  if we keep growing our population just to have someone to work for pensions of the last generation , at some point we will need to buy so much food , water and practically all kinds of resources , that there will be no money for pensioners anyway !, 
  im saying , that this is the dead end . 
  now its time to think about it , later it will be too late . 
  at some point this giant ponzi scheme will fall apart . 
  its not possible to keep growing your population forever . 
  we need to look outside of `` we need to keep our population growing , so we can keep the financial system running in the current shape '' . 
  maybe it would be better to change the paradigm ? 
  ffs , just try to think outside of the box . 
  texas is bigger than poland and has half its population . 
  our financial systems are not religious dogmas , we can change them without holy wars ! . 
  for the record : i think the migrants should be `` legalized '' . 
  its just the principle behind the reasoning i contest . 
  because they are racist vampires that hate jews ? 
  i believe this exchange is the best example of european politics in this thread . 
  thats how we do it in european union . 
  we argue about some irrelevant details , while some hidden demiurg is making crucial decisions without us realizing that ... 
  so , common sense is racist now ... 
  thanks . 
  does it say why ? 
  whats the reason behind it ? 
  what wanker proposed the change ? 
  huh ? 
  why ? 
  holy crap , that was simply embarassing .
