west european ( or that of some specific states i wo n't mention ) highly aggressive eu policy is to blame for that . 
  divisions did n't come out of nowhere . 
  i do think that trump such as is divisive and no friend of europe as a whole , but he does help by giving a voice to east european countris . 
  what 's your solution ? 
  yeah , but what with the ones that manage to come illegally and do n't want to go back volutarily ? 
  well , as a punitive measure if they do n't want to go back . 
  like what do you suggest if they do n't want to go back ? 
  do nothing ? 
  i agree it 's costly but i do n't see the possibility of them being shot . 
  i mean , i do n't see the possibility of them being sterilised either , but just wanted to put that out into the open . 
  i assumed that that 's what the title meant , i was only surprised if that 's that why would it be posted here . 
  strange . 
  thanks nevertheless . 
  yeah but it just annoys me when people here are trying to stir up divisions as if the eu ( the people ) were n't united on this - we mostly are , it 's just that the politicians have other ideas . 
  and some people across the austrian border in italy will feel bad for such measures , but they should n't since it is n't against them at all . 
  i think it is much better than any other punitive measure , both in terms of humanitarian values and effectively solving the issue . 
  what happened ? 
  they are supposed to secure their borders , starting from italy . 
  and italy can secure them , they just do n't for reasons that can be various and debatable , but what i can tell from most polls i found is that most europeans universally want to just shut down this ridiculous illegal immigration going on once and for all . 
  the immigrant crisis is an eu issue , however the issue as such ca n't be solved at an eu level . 
  it is like in marriage if your partner is jobless and ca n't find work . 
  it affects both of you , and you can act in a good way , but ultimately it is n't something anyone can take care of but the person itself . 
  no idea what criteria is used here , but for croatia , the zagreb cathedral is taller at over 100 m. 
  it just shows how incompetetent the current german government is . 
  they come up with bad plans that do n't work out at all . 
  you are saying it is the agitated ones to blame , however , the redistribution failed in the countries that accepted it , largely because refugees just vanish and there is no way to keep them somewhere against their will . 
  yes . 
  in croatia , foreign movies , series and books are translated into croatian , unless they are ` serbo-croatian ' themselves , like from bosnia , serbia , montenegro . 
  yeah but economic polarisation is not only present between eu members but also within regions of certain states . 
  germany and other more aggressive economies need to commit more in financial aid to balance the eu polarisation better , instead of creating debt slaves like they did with greece . 
  italy and spain also have very high current account balance in recent years due to the same reasons - low oil price , cheap euro . 
  what did hungary block ? 
  hungary rejected to accept refugees , it still does n't change how the whole refugee politics completely failed in eu even in countries that are n't hungary . 
  cool . 
  i do n't understand what you are saying . 
  if you are saying that southern europe would have had an easier time managing their currency outside of the eurozone - yes . 
  but , within the eurozone like such as , the qe measures taken to devalue the euro do good for southern europe 's economy . 
  i disagree then . 
  with your analogy , an undervalued euro helps southern europe to bring back jobs by increasing exports to non-euro countries . 
  it still does n't change that germany is the one having most say in the eu , which is bad imo considering what they did with the refugee crisis ( italy and greece are on the brinks of collapse due to lack of deceisiveness to stop the refugee flow ) . 
  unemplyoment rates again rising ? 
  i thought it decreased ... 
  no , with the censorship . 
  i do n't, 
  look , to me personally , the big issue is that slovenia claims the whole piran bay and beyond , and on top of that wants a corridor which it has no default right to at all within croatian territorial sea . 
  unrealistic and completely out of mind in my opinion . 
  and then uses the eu as a way to get it the way it wants to be , which was seen as very hostile in croatia . 
  to make myself clear again on what i 'm saying - slovenia went to far with their claims and wishes based upon rather weak claims , like slovenian police patrolling a greater area at the bay within yugoslavia , even though yugoslav territorial waters were n't divided at all between republics , ever . 
  exactly . 
  slovenia used its position in the eu to force its national interests on states applying the eu . 
  for you that may be reasonable , for me and very many people on this subreddit it is hostile and predatory , and as such competely unjustifiable . 
  it was n't considered as just . 
  slovenia forced a corridor out of that arbitration agreement , even though there is absolutely no reason why croatia should ever have discussed one with slovenia . 
  croatia has no obligations to provide such a corridor to slovenia . 
  the ` border incidents ' were proven to have been in conjunction with your own government to boost rating of then current slovenian government . 
  they were not triggered exclusively by croatia . 
   thinks that it belongs to them because they had it during titos yugoslavia * they think they had it as far as i know , territorial water was n't split up between yugoslav states , which is why this is even going on . 
  they claim it based upon a case where slovene police intervened in an accident there during yugoslavia iirc . 
  thanks for clarifying that . 
  also , as for my opinions regarding looks , do n't take them too seriously . 
  the same applies to all other of my opinions . 
  i do n't know how judges were selected , i do know that all of involved quit and were replaced due to illegal activities . 
  victims in what sense ? 
  did slovenia use it 's superior position within the eu to get a arbitration deal which by itself favours slovenia by suggesting a corridor into international waters , and then despite getting such a good deal still clearly lobbies within the court illegally ? 
  in that sense , yes , croatia was victim of slovenia using its superior position to force its interests upon it . 
  do you deny that ? 
  you are correct that it does n't mean that , but the reputation of international courts is not high in my eyes . 
  seems surprisingly unbiased . 
  lol i 'm just joking . 
  i actually do n't care at all on which side croatia was and consider it irrelevant . 
  i just like to make pro-hitler claims because i do n't like the establishment , and they get all crazy over that . 
  oh right , that must be because the croats are problematic people and not because borders within yugoslavia were n't set completely straight to begin with from the side of the then yugoslav government ... - . - ', 
  slovenia forced a ` corridor ' to be mentioned in the arbitration agreement to get access to open sea . 
  someone who wanted to sell confidential informations to countries involved in the process ? 
  i am not saying they were n't behind it , but making claims they were just based upon ` who has most interest in it ' is naive . 
  informations can be sold , as such , croatia could have just as well bought them from a 3rd party , or even a slovene traitor , who gathered and offered those information in exchange for something else . 
  because of all the circumstances surrounding the whole border dispute . 
  i 've said that and i 'll say it again - croats would n't bother if they thought the dispute was solved in a just and civil manner , even if there were more losses than seen here . 
  i am repeating , there is no evidence i know of that the croatian government or its affiliates have spied upon judges . 
  correct but the perpetuator was never caught . 
  i did n't say they did n't , but maybe the trials were n't as objective or unbiased . 
  of course it did in order to save its own reputation . 
  what i find more interesting than the arbitration such as is that germany and the eu are pressuring croatia to accept the outcome of the arbitration to save the reputation of the court such as despite the scandal that happened . 
  it just proves how all those ` reputable ' and ` international ' courts are just a joke really when it comes to making unbiased and objective verdicts . 
  it does n't tell anything more about me than that i value aesthetics . 
  generally , yes . 
  animal and environmental rights , building genuine communities , helping lift up people from poverty . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't believe people care what country someone is as long as they feel represented and listened to . 
  any other arrangement will result in germany and lesser extent france appointing our eu leadership . 
  because i do n't believe in post-ww2 propaganda as served by the msm . 
  i believe hitler had genuine and progressive ideas . 
  i personally believe that looks are the most important thing in the value of anything and anyone . 
  i was n't alive back then , and i 'm only following politics since the past maybe 7 years ? 
  but , i am not sure what ` france-german led europe ' means . 
  if people think that now macron and merkel can do whatever they want , i do n't think that that is going to happen . 
  but increased pressence in the mediterranean only led to more people drowning since it attracted more people to do it . 
  rescuing people drowning off the coast of libya to bring them all the way up to sicily is just ridiculous . 
  i want it if the eu can directly elect it , like an eu president that would have a strong say , but that 's near impossible since the current establishment will lose their power . 
  i do n't think people have an issue as such with germany , but with merkel .
