  that comes as a surprise though that people have confidence into merkel , however with polls it 's always the issue of how the questions are asked . 
  i guess i am also biased because i do n't like merkel or the way she looks , at all , so i think others are on same page with me . 
  i see . 
  thing is though that there are many countries right now in the eu with questionable positions regarding many things . 
  like even the ceta is again blocked by spain out of nowhere . 
  then you got the v4 , benelux and other countries apparently meeting up to stir a grand conspiracy against the possible french-german axis . 
  however , i really do n't know if what they are saying in the paper is something actually happening or just meaningless words . 
  people die every day from various causes . 
  i wish we could all live infinitely , but that is n't possible . 
  i am an animal , that does n't mean i wo n't have problems with people dying or being killed , i am saying that people will die regardless whether human trafficking keeps going on or is halted such as . 
  ` france-german led europe ' - i do n't see that as happening . 
  i mean , i feel like many people and politicians are very much dissatisfied with german leadership within the eu due to the refugee crisis . 
  am i wrong though ? 
  i mean , even germans and german politicians are fed up with ` her ' ideas and policies . 
  what values though ? 
  i do n't think the value of the ruling class should be regarded as the value of the country . 
  people are animals , and many value non-human animals more than humans they never met . 
  that 's why people cry when their dog dies , but do n't cry when they see someone drowning in the mediterranean on tv . 
  you do n't get anything i am saying . 
  there is more to legalising same-sex marriage than just helping people with same-sex attraction . 
  it is an ideological move which will shape the lifestyle of people such as . 
  if it is good or not - only time can tell . 
  well , it 's like feeding cats . 
  they will simply reproduce so much that you ca n't help them any more , and then more of them will die yearly than if you did n't start feeding them at all . 
  i mean i am just being realistic here . 
  yup . 
  their natality is only offset with emigration , but which again will become a problem elsewhere . 
  in croatia there were less than a hundred of them post-ww2 , now there are over 20 thousand iirc . 
  they do many problems for me , they keep coming to my neighbourhood and steal any unprotected things they find and value . 
  thanks !, 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e2/roma_in_europe_2007_map-fr.svg/690px-roma_in_europe_2007_map-fr.svg.png 10 % is really a lot . 
  however , to me stereotyping romania based upon them does n't make any sense . 
  it is like stereotyping russia , belgium or france based upon their muslim population . 
  as far as i know , it was agreed upon that by 2024 the 2 % target would be met . 
  i do n't think there are any hard commitments within nato on military expenditure but that they are more of suggestive nature . 
  i think the mafia is largely behind the trafficking of migrants , so they probably already have tasks for many of the migrants getting into britain , and those tasks probably are n't of good nature . 
  the left ca n't stand any hard-line opposition to their views . 
  i think such attitude will play out against themselves eventually . 
  you are all drawing wrong conclusions . 
  endorsing own nazi past is n't inherently about hating whether jews , poles or others . 
  i am glad croatia was on side of the axis during ww2 , but that does n't mean i am against any of the people that were being persecuted or genocided . 
  i liked the initiative though . 
  we already have sell-outs in europe due to foreign capital buying them . 
  foreign investments should be regulated in ways that will protect eu interests . 
  i am not naive . 
  i am aware that something is very strange about trump which makes me believe that no matter how the meeting ends up being , he wo n't change his attitude . 
  however , macron seemed to have tamed putin in paris recently . 
  maybe he knows something we do n't . 
  regardless , even though i am for an eu more independent from the us ( in which trump is helpful ) , i still would want the eu to maintain long-term friendship with the us , and meeting with the us president is part of that . 
  it is now important to croatia due to all the circumstances like the continual blackmails due to the dispute and even harsh violations of the arbitration agreement which was signed under the blackmail ( they had continually direct contact with the judges during the process through which they lobbied and influenced it ) . 
  the slovenian government even threatened to block the borders to halt tourists from coming if croatia does n't accept the outcome of the arbitration . 
  we should n't give into such type of behaviour . 
  i am glad that trump will visit france . 
  hopefully it will recover relations between eu and trump , especially since he will also visit poland and germany before that . 
  i did n't say we are , but that if slovenia did n't make such a big deal of it , croats would hardly care about the dispute at all . 
  i find it funny since it is only d-day for slovenia . 
  in croatia people would n't even know anything about that border dispute if slovenia did n't make such a big deal of it since they want access to open sea . 
  that is amazing since those boats could n't keep on with human trafficking while in such state of limbo . 
  as for people dying , people will die regardless . 
  more tolerance of human trafficking = more people engaging in dangerous activities to get to europe = more dead people . 
  glad to hear that . 
  no more human trafficking and illegal immigration please . 
  but how did brexit blow that hole ? 
  for me , the hole created by brexit is the loss of net contributions the uk made , not new projects which are possibly only due to brexit . 
   `` we wo n't have the uk with us any more , but they were net payers despite the thatcher rebate , so we will have a gap of 10 to 11 billion euros a year , '' oettinger told a press conference as he unveiled the commission 's proposals for the budget . 
  that 's not 20 billion euros . 
  this is my favourite - http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/jovan_i._dereti%c4%87 :d, 
  i know it is important , but there are mythomans in serbia , or amongst serbs such as . 
  not saying there are n't such elsewhere ( i mean people which live nearby to me think how croats are ` chosen peoplenfrom god ' and they see in every coincidence there is some kind of sacred connection ) . 
  but the thing is , i have the feeling that they are n't considered as crazy in serbia as here and that they are given much more space there . 
  12 important things for serbia happening over the span of over 600 years on one date . 
  considering that some of them are of only secondary relevance to serbia and events which were not specifically about serbia at all , i call it really mythomania . 
  also , considering that one of the mentioned event was merely an anniversary of one event of the past mentioned here already does n't make it seem much genuine either . 
  do n't believe everything the media says . 
  regardless , this has to be clear , the eu does n't exist as a uniform political entity . 
  as such , the eu ca n't really defend its own interests adequately either , whether in the balkans or elsewhere . 
  i think that recognition of kosovo is one of the examples about split policy since not all eu countries have the same official stance on recognition yet at all . 
  no it is n't why you are leaving . 
  even though i am with the uk on this , this is n't why you are leaving . 
  especially since this happened after the referendum already . 
  i am not making any claims here such as , i am saying that people are oversimplifying things and there is no way to predict whether lgbt rights are good or not , i. e. whether they will survive into the future or not . 
  same sex attraction is n't a lifestyle , being gay may already be more like that , depending on how you define gay as . 
  you claim it is irrelevant to you - it is to me just as well irrelevant if someone i know had a same-sex marriage instead of just a same-sex relation , however , it is n't just about individuals , but society as a whole . 
  and yesm legalising same-sex marriage does legitimise same sex relations and through that encourage them . 
  people feeling they would be persecuted or ashamed for being in such relations are more likely to not engage in them . 
  but , as i said , in the end we do n't know whether it is good or not since we ca n't predict the future that well . 
  as i said , legalising same-sex marriage is equivalent to promoting families revolving around them . 
  it is n't just something that will ` make people 's life easier ' , but something which will have ideological impact upon society . 
  that 's the supposed primary outcome of it . 
  the secondary in society is political alignment with the west , embracement of diversity and fragmentising ones culture ( ` multiculturalism ' ) . 
  now , whether these are good or bad , is n't something that can be predicted . 
  because maybe certain societies do n't want to promote that kind of lifestyle for gays because they do n't think it is good ( i. e. to have families with a same-sex partner ) . 
  some say that it would be better if in a society gays have family-oriented lifestyles with a same-sex partner than either a non-family-oriented lifestyle or one with an opposite sex person , however , there is no way you could predict which of those would be better , only try to argue in favour of the view you feel closest to and push that . 
  i am aware of all what you are saying , i am just saying that a high unemployment rate does n't mean they will find the necessary labour to start anything in croatia . 
  i do n't think so at all . 
  the unemployment rates do n't mean those people are either qualified or interested to work there . 
  despite high unemployment rates , croatia has a shortage of workers . 
  http://www.total-croatia-news.com/business/2663-croatian-paradox-not-enough-workers-despite-300-000-unemployed https://www.eurofound.europa.eu/hr/observatories/eurwork/articles/croatia-increased-need-for-foreign-workers-debated https://eblnews.com/news/croatia/labour-shortage-biggest-problem-croatian-shipyards-44953, 
  yes but also other european industries . 
  the eu hels a lot to protect european economies .
