  so you think it is not about culture but skin colour or religion ? 
   median salary is about 4100 kuna which is about 550 $ source ? 
   it is very common to break workers rights . 
  not paid work on a national holidays , extra hours , 7 days a week is not unusual at all . 
  ` very common ' , ` not unusual ' do n't mean anything to me really . 
  look , if you see things like that , fine with me , i do n't care , but i just do n't agree with your initial statement since i live in croatia , have seen and stayed in plenty of places throughout europe , and know how delusional and negative croats here are . 
  are you talking about yourself ? 
  if you do n't , do n't speak in their name . 
  according to wikipedia , average croatian gross monthly income is 1092 euros , higher than that of all the countries in this graph . 
  the average net monthly income is 811 euros , higher than all but czechia . 
  people endangered with poverty have the right to social subsidies , including housing . 
  if you struggle in life , ask for government-funded help . 
  i never said it does , but i think people that want to enjoy life can do that in many parts of croatia . 
  where are you from ? 
  plenty parts of croatia are amazing . 
  probably . 
  i guess it is largely due to still rather low amount of eu funds compared to those countries due to croatia 's late entrance , but i still think that despite that croatia could have performed better , especially if we did n't get to have 4 years of disastrous policies under the socialist party from 2011-2016 . 
  issue of croatia is people still believe in socialism . 
  they do n't want to cut down on social standards and become more investment-friendly , but which will exactly result long-term in cutting social standards . 
  similar situation to greece , and can also explain the very big public debt compared to other post-communist countries . 
  neither is australia , but most refugees come to europe via entering its islands like lampedusa , sicily , lesbos , etc. 
  i guess if the eu has a database through which they can easily identify them via fingerprints or other means it would be possible to do so , but otherwise they would just try their luck again under different name . 
  it would be best if the whole eu had refugee standards repulsive for anyone who is n't a real refugee . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  he wo n't give them citizenship . 
  i understand the sensitivity of this issue and the problem of protecting eu reputation while simultaneously preventing further illegal immigration . 
  there is no ` easy solution ' to this . 
  i personally would prefer the australian solution . 
  they will flee if they are moved to other parts of europe they do n't want to be in . 
  it is n't as easy . 
  real polish nazis or perceived polish nazis ? 
  there actually are polish nazis which are pro-hitler , but i think you are referring to just radical polish nationalists and shitlords with that statements , or ? 
  splc seems to easily throw labels of being a hate group if only that is what they are about . 
  you ca n't compare east european poverty to that of africa . 
  i mean , i know swiss people which consider even germany as poor . 
  also , poverty itself is n't something i consider as even the most significant thing to determine whether a place sucks or not . 
  we all know children abuse is wrong , or abuse of any other human being . 
  so why even go further into debates on that instead of diverting to other topics connected to this case ? 
  i do n't defend pedophiles . 
  i do n't see the children being victims of him without any further details given . 
  i am firmly opposed to snopping on other peoples ' phones , cameras or other things without permission . 
  that 's it really . 
  i believe that crime prevention and persecution does n't validate violating someone 's right to privacy , which this case is about . 
  i want my privacy to be maximally protected and respected . 
  maybe they indeed only used it for identification , i would n't know . 
  i just have witnessed certain cases of people snooping on other people 's smartphones and private possessions , which caught me quite surprised realising how such people exist at all , so i would n't be surprised if that were the case here as well . 
  maybe , but germany is n't worse off than poland i would assume . 
  if poland can build lng terminals to import natural gas from non-russian sources due to ` circumstances ' , i do n't see why germany ca n't . 
  i never understood why there are some very special people with the need to snoop on other peoples ' private things . 
  i guess this is one of the cases that apparently legitimises such acts , but i still think that that is incredibly rude and weird . 
  i do n't think so , but the russian media will probably demonise serbia for this . 
  even before serbian politics got some rather bad coverages by the russian media , but if they go as far as montenegro , they likely will be villified there just as montenegro is right now . 
  we need the eu my polish brother . 
  i agree that nord stream 2 in these times is incredibly traitorous , but we have to come to the realisation that the eu is n't perfect , and that the eu is n't about the decisions of the comission . 
  you ca n't seperate values and ideals from laws . 
  either laws enforce values and ideals , or values and ideals result in laws . 
  that is how i see it at least , whether regarding laws about environmental protection , animal torture or the veils . 
  we wuz russian, 
  the thing is that croats did not have a standardised language , whether grammer , spelling or vocabulary . 
  there were probably several variants of that , and most likely ` dalmacija ' was n't one of them . 
  however , considering how latin was probably more used for writing in croatia than croatian itself , ` dalmatia ' , as is written in latin , was n't any kind of foreign element there . 
  croats did n't spell dalmatia as ` dalmacija ' in 1500s . 
  here ` dalmatia ' is written as ` dalmaczija ' in early 1600s . 
  it 's what multiculturalism is doomed . 
  how do you make up laws and shape a country 's identity if the views and values of many vastly different cultures have to be protected ? 
  it hardly is possible . 
  ` washington 's secret role ' is as secret as ` russia 's secret role ' in inciting divisions and hate in europe and other western countries . 
  the difference is that cyprus has the same stance on north cyprus as the majority of the eu , while serbia does n't have the same stance on cyprus as majority of eu . 
  this is actually a very big issue that the eu does n't have a common external policy regarding recognition of other european states since it will directly interfere with eu expansion . 
  serbia is having soon military excercises with us , uk and many other nato members in the region . 
  i think many people do n't want them to integrate since that will make it more simple to become permanent residents there . 
  i know i ca n't talk about such things without statistical backup , but i have the feeling that the hysteria behind the refugees is n't about them not working or being a financial burden , but the fear they will stay there permanently . 
  yes , but i ca n't agree with the idea that perceived right-wingers do n't differentiate non-european and east european immigration . 
  it is naive to think that such vast differences in opinions on eu and non-eu immigration is something completely independent of the right wing in those countries . 
  i mean , there were even cases of very hard right-wing people moving from germany to east european countries like hungary due to feeling threatened by non-eu immigrants . 
  it is n't true . 
  all eu countries have more positive views on eu immigration than non-eu immigration . 
  in some countries the differences are not as big , in others , like finland , very big . 
  page 119-120 . http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/resultdoc/download/documentky/76460, 
  i honestly do n't know about the cultural differences between the mentioned regions and states , but pan-european identity has quite old roots and it is n't something new really . 
  macron seems like a cool and genuine president . 
  i do n't understand . 
  was n't macron supposed to have the majority ? 
  i do n't think europe of nations is the same as europe as a federation of nations . 
  i mean , how else would you federalise europe/eu if not according to borders of current nation-states ? 
  sweden is n't a place where you will find many federalists either way ( https://arnoldplaton.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/eb81-federalism.png ) . 
  no idea how open people are politically in sweden , but here in croatia most people are n't too open with their core beliefs outside of internet forums . 
  got ta love how the comments on the video are banned . 
  i guess we can thank the serbs for that . 
  croats felt threatened by the outcome of the war and as such decided that an eventual pan-slavic state would be what would suit best their interests at that given moment . 
  the libyan route is independent from syria . 
  the libyan route is responsible for sub-saharan illegal immigration into europe . 
  those mostly are n't refugees in the sense most think of refugees as . 
  the syrian route is n't directly tied to us interventionism , but it is claimed that destabilisation of iraq lead to it . 
  the ones coming via the syrian route are from the middle-east and countries like afghanistan and pakistan . 
  there are more of those which would be considered as ` genuine refugees ' . 
  andorra , san marino and kosovo seem to be missing . 
  no , nit is just outdated stats ( already now the stats are auite different ) . 
  i mean , if it at least was labelled what year it was from , but this way it is misleading since many will assume it is recent , which it is n't . 
  i do think that the large number of refugees , especially from kosovo , did have an impact on the rest of europe , but then again , maybe i am giving it too much of relevance .
