  i would call it serbian square so both yugoslavs and anti-communists can be happy . 
  the lake is warm during the summer and there are fishes there , just as it is hard to walk through it due to ` mulj ' . 
  i prefer the sea without doubt . 
  with acs staying home in the south is much more comfortable than going outside during the summer . 
  i think north european countries do n't know how good climate they have , especially since due to the gulf stream , the winters are n't that bad there either . 
  for an example , england basically does n't go below zero during the winter , while it here in zagreb easily gets to -15 degrees c. 
  well what is an eu army then about if not that ? 
  if there is a eu army which inherits the french one ( and other eu armies ) , they should be able to have nukes completely independent of the french army and use them to protect the eu as a whole . 
  finally . 
  europe needs more self-respect . 
  the behaviour of certain countries is unacceptable . 
  in fact , they should even be paying for transport fees . 
  yes , even though , turkish part of europe may have more . 
  not sure . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35667858 this is one 1 year ago . 
  i would n't be surprised that the figure doubled by now . 
  i do n't know , it is said so in the video in the end . 
  it is just redistributing wealth to make up for a more balanced state . 
  i do n't understand why would that be such a big issue for north italians . 
  there is no hypothesis of assimilation . 
  the idea that the i2 haplogroup is leftover of previous populations in croatia is not considered as such at all . 
  croatia was desolate according to multiple accounts prior to arrival of croats . 
  i do agree croatian average dna did have slight changes to it due to admixtures , however thinking how majority of modern-day croatian ancestry is result of admixtures into the croatian tribe that arrived here over 1000 years ago is something i would n't assume just like that . 
  haplogroups as such developed prior to modern-day ethnogenesis and all populations have a variety of those . 
  however , croatian ethnogenesis included homogenisation , and as such , within the population there was an averagised haplogroup make up . 
  when croats moved , they brought that mix , and through pca we can see that . 
  i guess trying to bring standards in the eu on a more equal level will make immigration much less of a problem as well . 
  also , making french or german an official language would make the uk much less popular immigrant destination as the current de facto official language is english . 
  ` no scientific merit ' - oleg balanovsky is a globally recognised scientist that had contributed even to very prestigeous science magazines like nature - https://www.nature.com/search?author=oleg%20balanovsky&amp;order=relevance, 
  well , if you assume there is a genetically relatively homogenous group that suddenly expanded and took over another territory , you will be able to see that . 
  i do agree that nothing in this world is without flaws , but if population genetics and history match to an extent , you are more secure than if they do n't . 
  some things that do n't match you can explain with multiple theories , like propaganda in history , or unrecorded migrations , however , in the end you are better off with having both than only one or none at all . 
  i do n't mind solidarity with africa , at all . 
  but the idea of ` sending money to stop illegal immigration ' is very unappealing to me . 
  we should stop illegal immigration , and help africa and others that are struggling regardless of that . 
  population change =\\ = natural change . 
  it 's natural change , so people born - people died . 
  they are , obviously , affected by amount of births and amount of deaths . 
  however , you have a point in sense that young , fertile people are more likely to move to another country and thereby reduce the potential number of births in the country , while the old stay and eventually die . 
  it really scares me that migrants just vanish . 
  are they maybe involved in illegal activities or even themselves victims of such ? 
  they have an agenda , which is to always side with immigrants , at least it has been like that for leftist news outlets . 
  populatiom genetics are used to trace migrations . 
  it just is n't considered the way you claim it to be . 
  page 153 is where it is at . 
  it also mentions pechenegs to which they border , which were more located in that black sea area . 
  if ` generally know ' means assume , then yes . 
  the map i posted was unlikely to just have been made up , the genetic evidence is there ( even though populations change all the time , they may have came there after they had taken over territories in the east adriatic ) . 
  i am not saying that it was 100 % like that , especially since de administrando imperio is also considered a propaganda-piece by the byzantine administration to show the franks as some evil-doers which also harassed the croats and more than that . 
  i am just giving some info from various claims and sources , so whatever you think in the end , it is up to you . 
  this is one of the maps where that ` white croatia ' was located . 
  not too far from the green spot on the map , even though , it is also important to note , the territory was not precisely defined . 
   croats `` beyond the carpathians '' were as far or further from black sea than we are now , to the north in poland , slovakia or ukraine . 
  i would n't know , but the territory itself was ill-defined , however , it is claimed that they did n't have direct access to the black sea , yet the black sea was the closest sea to them . 
  according to de administrando imperio , croats were invited to dalmatia by the then current byzantine emperor in order to take it over from the avars which left the land desolate from the previous populations . 
  the croats thereby took it over and expelled the avars . 
  now , how much propaganda and truth there is , i would n't know , but since they also mention that croats came from the area around the carpathians , and this map somehow goes in that favour , i think it all makes some sense . 
  it does n't show only that but it shows how y-dna make-up of certain areas correleate in order to determine similarity of patrilineae ancestry/ethnicity . 
  most new genetical research i read claim that , despite i2a having a maximum in the east adriatic , that it was in its current frequency brought from the ( north - ) eastern portion of the balkans ( i. e. the idea it was a left-over from previous populations is considered obsolete ) . 
  yeah . 
  it makes sense considering croats come from an area close to the black sea . 
  apparently , the population there did n't change that much since croats moved to the east adriatic . 
  it has a weird shape due to history of nationalism which was developed out of religion instead of ethnicity . 
  according to russian doctor of molecular biology oleg balanovsky , ethnic croats occupy territory in croatia and bosnia . 
  i do n't know how much use ` functioning democratic institutions ' had in poland , so i would n't know . 
  i am just talking as an independent outsider from what i read in the media , i do n't know anything more , but i am aware of propaganda from both sides . 
  they apparently decreased budgetary deficits while simultaneously increasing social spending . 
  in that sense . 
  why are they fanatics ? 
  not sure how true ( the media is n't as reliable ) , but according to the latest international meda coverages on the situation in poland , apparently pis is doing really well there . 
  the issue is n't solidarity with italy or greece at all , but that we should deport illegal immigrants instead of trying to spread them across the eu ( which also completely failed - and not due to the v4 , but because unless you lock them , they will go where they want to ) . 
  i understand immigration , of any kind , will make many people uneasy due to the way we as humans react . 
  i for an example had several really bad experiences with french ( once a french stole my dishware , once a french scammed me online , and when i was in france i got food poisoning ) . 
  i know none of that is representative of french or france ( i assume ) , but it really gets into you no matter the way you think . 
  regardless , you ca n't compare expansion into east eu and importing massive amounts of illegal immigrants . 
  the eu actually had interests into expanding the eu , the eu does n't have any interests i would know of regarding letting in massive amounts of illegals . 
  things going on in calais are one of the examples of that . 
  i mean , you can think whatever you want to , i just ca n't agree with it , sorry . 
  i do however think that things agreed upon by the eu , incl . 
  the refugee quota , should be respected , but i do n't think that demonising someone for going against eu decision making just for being a net receiver is the way to go . 
  it is n't the first nor the last time someone goes against eu decisions on his own . 
  what means ` if western europe stands united ' ? 
  that they follow every idea macron suggests ? 
  because that 's not going to happen since the most euroskeptic countries are in west eu . 
  many see nowadays the v4 and maybe even the baltic states as some major creators of rifts within the eu , but thing is , the only thing they do n't want are illegal immigrants not even wanted elsewhere . 
  according to most polls i 've seen , majority of west eu citizenry does not want those immigrants and wants and immediate halt on immigration from muslim majority countries . 
  it really is only that the politicians there do not follow that . 
  i know there are butthurt people which would like some more countries to follow british suit . 
  i do n't think any of that is going to be good for europe and the eu . 
  also , west eu companies have vast assets and investments in east eu countries . 
  the idea that being a net contributor to the eu budget ( which is comparable in its size to the polish budget ) will make other countries submit to their will is naive . 
  things are n't the way some people think they are . 
  also , there is already opposition within the west eu regarding the ` grand plan ' of macron to reform the eu and the eurozone , especially the wealthier ones . 
  regardless , considering catalonians seem to be in favour of the globalists ( multiculturalism , mass immigration , communism ) , they will probably get independence . 
  other than that i do n't see a point in independence jf they want to be part of the eu . 
  macron seems to be quite conflictive and direct . 
  it will cost him for sure as it probably did already . 
  i am all for common decision making and respecting what has been decided upon , so in that regard poland is wrong . 
  what poland is n't wrong with is that italy and france are taking in immigrants they themselves do n't want and want to ship them to other parts of the eu . 
  it is ridiculous .
