  i do n't think it is important who says what , but what is said . 
  i still think it is irresponsible to go through with nord stream 2 if it will threaten other eu and eu associate nations . 
  now , i do n't know if it will do so , but germany probably does . 
  i also do n't think what many ee countries do is correct . 
  regardless , my point is we need a common policy regarding such things , whoever blocks it is making things harder , but also , it does n't make anything they say irrelevant such as . 
  i did n't block anything . 
  not sure exactly what you are trying to say . 
  i am not sure , i just know that people do n't feel the same about them , and that we are being hypocritical to ourselves and to the rest of the world by pretending universalist values represent us as they did some years ago . 
  eu official values need to reform since they are n't shared by the people . 
  all major eu countries polled that they want to stop any further immigration from majority muslim countries . 
  clearly , things today are n't as they were before . 
  we should n't ignore that , and most people do n't feel the same about human rights as several decades ago . 
  oh i did n't say germany is to blame for failed eu common policy , i just said that such policy should exist on this case . 
  i do think that on matters such as these germany should not be allowed to decide on their own , but the eu as a whole as part of eu energy politics . 
  i can agree to some extent . 
  just some years ago the eu had trade deficit . 
  now we have the highest trade surplus on par with china thanks to the measures taken to fix our finances . 
  but we still have higher standards than china despite that . 
  i am not for completely cutting down standards , but seeing how we can balance all things out in the end . 
  we ca n't just increase standards and expect that things will work out like they did n't the last time . 
  i thought they had paid accomodation and other needs there , and once their job is done they go back with money they think is enough for them to do all they do . 
  not really . 
  * the protest is about overall perceived fascist atmosphere in croatia ( it is that way , but not actual fascism , more like historical revisionism of fascism without endorsing fascist policies as part of distancing croatia from its yugoslav and communist past , at least that 's how i see it , they probably see it differently ) . 
  * there is a proposal of a referendum regarding changing the name of a square in croatia named after tito , that is one of the ways the ` fascist atmosphere ' and revisionism is apparently promoted . 
  * ` liberation of istria and dalmatia ' is seen as a communist/yugoslav legacy . 
  as such , the idea is - if the country wants to rewrite history and side itself with the fascist side , they should also rearrange the borders in way the fascists did . 
  in my opinion , they all look retarded , and i really do n't know why ca n't they just behave normally . 
  why would i ? 
  i am proud european and proud croatian . 
  i think those countries are more cases of irresponsible governance and private interests being prioritised over greater national interests . 
  it can only be tackled if all countries in the globe want to tackle it , or at least the important ones . 
  which is n't possible since they all want to challenge status quo and allocate global power and wealth to themselves . 
  some are very successful in that like china . 
  trade deficits have to be balanced out with debt . 
  if in trade we lose out , we will sell off our future and sovereignty to foreign creditors . 
  however , the eu since the crisis trimmed its economy very well and we have now big surpluses . 
  absolutely . 
  it does mean that , most people already feel it . 
  i do . 
  they do n't live in france . 
  french minimum wage is there to ensure basic standards to people in france , not other countries . 
  prices in east europe are lower , the arrangement they have obviously suits them , otherwise they would n't be doing that . 
  we will lose out to more aggressive economies otherwise . 
  it 's not like i 'm against living better , but i am against living better if it threatens our future . 
  disparities in income take away french jobs this way not any more than through outsourcing other low-income jobs to east europe . 
  it does n't have any point really outside of a nationalist mindset . 
  parliamentary systems wo n't suit big bureacracies like the eu in my opinion . 
  i mean we need a eu president which should be given good power , and scrap the comission . 
  the eu to make a reasonable parliamentary system would need too long due to fragmentised political landscape there . 
  i do n't see it just happening . 
  it is n't well-being if you try to sustain a system that is going to leave you behind and eventually end up worse off than the more ambitious and aggressive economies . 
  france wants the rest of the eu to improve its standards so france does n't have to lower theirs , incl . 
  that of countries like germany , but thing is , it will leave europe in a worse spot ultimately on the global stage . 
  the whole issue about france economically is that they still live in a different era . 
  there are major competitors out there in the world right now , most notably china , but east asia in general as well , which is why they ca n't maintain their standards long-term , but the french do n't understand that and would have mass revolts if anyone did something aimed against their standards and worker 's rights . 
  what macron is talking about is just a part of all that . 
  but it is just nationalist rhetoric what you are spewing . 
  the question is , is all that better or worse for the eu as such ? 
  i mean , all other south european countries managed to trim their balance of trade thanks to austerity and other measures , only france did n't . 
  ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/3/39/main_components_of_the_current_account_balance_and_the_capital_account_balance%2c_2016_%28eur_billion%29.png ) if europe wants to improve their global position as a world leader long-term , it has to have an competive edge over others in global trade , do n't you think so ? 
  it 's just populism what he is doing . 
  france does n't need less competition , but become itself more competitive in my opinion by cutting on worker 's rights and standards . 
  doing so would do good for both france and the eu . 
  it is something going on in all former communist countries in nato . 
  czechia is n't threatened by anyone , but they still in majority support nato : http://globsec.org/globsec2017/news/globsec-trends-2017-mixed-messages-and-signs-of-hope-from-central-and-eastern-europe, 
  majority of croats support nato membership . 
  do n't think trolls on 24sata and index.hr are representative of croats . 
  i understand that completely , but nl is n't the whole eu . 
  that 's why i 'm saying it is n't an argument since it does n't take into account the effect it brings upon the eu as a whole , but only upon one member state . 
  i do n't care what others will do . 
  i personally love the idea of an eu army and i hope our citizenry will support it as well . 
  a single eu military is an amazing idea in my opinion . 
  i hope it gets done as soon as possible . 
  it 's a problem when countries make arguments on eu-level based upon national interests . 
  those are n't genuine arguments within the eyes of the eu . 
  regardless , i assume when you say though that protectionist policies will hurt you you mean your reexport industry will be hurt or ? 
  because protectionist policies do n't have a direct impact on exports , only imports . 
  why are they afraid of european protectionism ? 
  i am also very afraid of lack of democratisation . 
  eu should be able to choose their president via proportional voting , which would the very least have as much power as the european parliament , in my opinion . 
  the way it is now , nation states have too much power over the eu , which results in germany and france basically having disproportionately high control over it . 
  not sure if connected , but i wish to know whether the eu has any plans on changing its current political system and instead allow the eu to vote its main representative/president ? 
  i understand what you are saying . 
  you are saying that the eu ca n't solidarise with italy financially since italy has been a net donator to the eu finances ( i. e. italy is the one solidarising ) . 
  i still think it is solidarity though since we all care . 
  i did n't read the article . 
  there is an eu solidarity fund specifically aimed at alleviating countries hit with catastrophes , so i assume that 's that . 
  disgusting man . 
  tanjug is a former communist propaganda mouth-piece . 
  but regardless , if i 'm seeing correctly , one is about belgrade student opinions , other is about the opinion of serbian citizenry . 
  so not comparable , also may be good if mentioned in the headline it is about university students . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think it is more about serbs possibly seeking someone more moderate in foreign policy while simultaneously being from the nationalist/conservative wing than being pro-eu ? 
  i mean all the polls show that serbia is n't as pro-eu . 
  i also wonder - i have kept hearing for quite some time from serbs that people were being threatened with loss of jobs , that the media is fully backing him , that there were significant voting frauds - how much do you think that is behind his success in serbian politics ? 
  i mean for me it is really about dalmatians specifically which i noticed they like to group with each other a lot which i did n't find to happen with anyone else , or maybe it was just much more noticeable ? 
  for others , it was really down to individual differences in personality , i did n't notice some very repetitive patterns . 
  as for culture , i am not certain what does culture mean to you , i mostly assume people think of behaviour , manners etc. 
  when they talk about culture . 
  but if you talk about actual traditions , folklore etc. , there are similarities and differences , but much of that is n't a thing any more really , and especially not something you will see in a college environment . 
  i do n't know about what regions of bosnia , but people ( incl .
