  bosniaks and serbs ) from bosnia did n't differ to people from the croatian zagorje region any more than dalmatians did from my college experience at least . 
  croats in bosnia lived there for over a millenium . 
  livno is mentioned as one of the earliest croatian towns . 
  cultural and behavioural differences between croats from bosnia and croats from croatia are n't bigger than the same for various regions in croatia from my college experience . 
  ca n't compare an exclave to an enclave really . 
  i mean croatia can always access dubrovnik just as their islands if borders get closed . 
  constantinople is on the balkans , though . 
  yeah but i do n't like it since it is n't immediately apparent where the minimum and maximum on the map are . 
  the coloring is bad the extremes on the opposite sides nearly match in colour . 
  oh god . 
  i guess this could be the start of the ` coalition of chaos ' in europe . 
  not a big fan . 
  pretty sure he also lives in zagreb . 
  she does n't live in belgrade anymore . 
  instead , her serbian ex-husband now is moving to zagreb with his new girlfriend to easier stalk her . 
  it 's hillarious . 
  you are making up things croatia is n't trying to steal anything . 
  this really angers me . 
  they should n't be allowed to do that . 
  from what you described in your posts there seems to be a similar media campaign going on in denmark as in the uk . 
  not surprising since they are also an ` opt-out ' country . 
  possibly , but freedom of movement without external border controls means also freedom of movement for non-eu immigrants . 
  something with such a gentle light as the eu is ought to eventually become the world 's greatest power , the key is just finding a way how to rebrand and reinvent itself . 
  you are making it seem as if that oil dependance is something temporary , but even 59 years is very , very long and can have an impact on all of us . 
  the gulf countries certainly ca n't be ignored . 
  they do have vast economical power , however , they are n't as well rounded-up as other powers . 
  also , they have n't proven themselves capable militarily yet at all , and the recent issues with qatar seem to prove there are major rifts between them . 
  i mean , they even blocked the most basic food supply . 
  that 's really bad . 
  would be good . 
  i hope eu also becomes more isolationist ( whether as such or as individual member states ) . 
  less globalism , less immigration , less interventions . 
  china and the gulf countries can be more pro-active globally for all that i care . 
  the dup does n't want a border with ireland , so in that sense they do n't want the hard brexit . 
  okay now seriously . 
  you are being too defensive . 
  i was just joking but you took it too far . 
  i guess i do n't understand why would anyone care about having a gun since it just is n't my thing or anyone that i know of personally . 
  but if it matters to you as part of your identity , social life and interests , i guess that 's that and i am sorry for trying to present it as backward . 
  regardless , some things you said were completely uncalled for . 
  not that i care , far from that , it 's just you went a little bit too far . 
   your only argument is some bullshit insult about how we should n't be owning guns ? 
  promoting a culture where collecting and playing with guns for a hobby is normal is simply backward in my view . 
   says the guy from a country that has a much higher homicide rate and gun homicide rate than us . 
  you are a joke , your country is a joke and your region of europe is a joke . 
  oh wow , someone tries to insult me based on the country i live in despite it being completely irrelevant to this topic . 
  how innovative ...  in fact , you guys are the reason for these new directives , since the illegal guns in europe come from your part of europe . 
  i have got nothing to do with any guns in any place of the world . 
  i am not speaking in the name of my country or region , i just put the flag for purpose of transparency . 
  could n't agree more . 
  if guns are the hobby of you and your community , you are the problem , not those that want to ban them . 
  it is like being uspet over the government banning bullfighting . 
  you should n't be doing that to begin with . 
  i do n't see why do you think your right to own guns is important . 
  still dumb . 
  i do n't think that r/europe is too representative of the mainstream . 
  people seem to continually ignore how much the image of the eu slumped due to the ` refugee crisis ' and as there has been less coverage of the illegal immigration the favourabikity went up . 
  i am not saying it is only that which affected this , but it is something which should n't be ignored in this . 
  that 's so dumb though . 
  like what is the point of a referendum if you do n't want to leave ? 
  is it something like ` oh , i like the eu , but the people should have a right to vote ' ? 
  not something i would be in favour for , regardless what the polls say . 
  also , it leaves a bad image through questioning eu membership . 
  it is true that right-wingers tend to be more anti-eu according to the research , but not in all countries . 
  in spain and greece the right-wing is even more pro-eu than the centre and left . 
  trump 's main effect probably was him having an aggressive stance against europe and the eu as such creating a ` common enemy ' and threat for the eu which may result in increased popular support for the eu due to anti-american sentinment within it . 
  i agree , i am just saying that the issue of replacement immigration is going to be a big issue universally within the eu which will be used by various parties to take it out of the eu , even though in the end , replacement immigration may not end at all after leaving the eu , like which is unlikely to happen in britain post-brexit . 
  in all honesty , brexit probably did n't have a lot to do with it , but less images and coverage of illegal immigration this year . 
  most people are in their core pro-eu , but immigration is something that if left unsolved will turn away many of them . 
  also , trump may have also had a role in that . 
  i think also trump and macron played a role in that . 
  in fact , i do n't think brexit changed the view of the eu for that many people , right ? 
  otherwise , it looks like the eu regained its elan . 
  according to a french poll over 50 % of french would feel great regret if eu was to disband while less than 20 % would feel great relief . 
  so it is an indicator . 
  interestingly though that the vast majority of melenchon voters would feel regret if eu was to disband despite melenchon being anti-eu . 
  also , just about less than 50 % of fn voters would feel great relief if eu was to disband , some small fraction great regret , and rest indifferent . 
  it has nothing to do with jealousy , or trying to portray serbia in a bad light . 
  i am just stating how i see the whole situation there . 
  for me the biggest issue personally is that she is ugly . 
  i do think it is important to mention that she was n't elected but appointed because some may come to the conclusion how serbs would at this very moment elect a lesbian croat on their own - i do n't believe that . 
  i am not paranoid . 
  it is not normal in croatia for a single person to call for presidential elections to replace the current president and appoint a loyal pm in place of himself after taking that position to further centralise power . 
  i think that that simply had to be said . 
  nothing more or less really . 
  you do n't see the similarities here with how russian democracy started to crumble ? 
  i mean , serbians already now protest him massively due to perceiving him as a dictator or dictator-alike . 
  yes . 
  i think several things should have been mentioned here . 
  firstly , she is appointed by the president who decided as he was the pm to become the president instead ( russia anyone ? ), 
  secondly , even though the president itself is n't as important as the pm , nobody expects her to be independent of him , the situation will be similar to that in russia when putin became pm and medvedev the president . 
  he was sure that he can win the presidency and oust the former president and appoint a pm whom he can control and/or trust afterwards . 
  i do n't see the problem if uk can have its independence and leave the eu why ca n't others ? 
  skype is so outdated . 
  i use viber and whatsapp for pretty much everything related to calls and messaging while roaming . 
  you might be right , i am not sure , i am just advising people to be careful with calls . 
  using internet , on other hand , should be safe . 
  it still does n't mean that amidst the whole situation with russia expanding trade with them was a nice thing to do , especially considering how south stream itself was blocked due the situation . 
  i think the part where most people are uneducated is international calls . 
  afaik , if you call someone back home while within eu roaming , you are still charged at an international rate .
