  meanwhile , you only seem to have two types of bread : white and that slightly grey-ish stuff without any kind of texture . 
  even the british have more !, 
  i do n't think the eu handled it at all . 
  those in power just let things slide for the most part , unable to agree on a common strategy . 
  merkel insisted for too long on doing things her way , losing much of her clout in the process . 
  this caused even further fragmentation in the eu with groups like visegr\u00e1d forming that started to do their own thing . 
  the eu should have anticipated this problem years ago . 
  experts had warned of something like this for quite some time , and refugee groups had been arriving in italy for years . 
  a common strategy should have involved leveraging the eu 's influence to help end the conflicts in those regions , increasing the aid provided on site to avert people fleeing to europe in the first place and helping countries like italy , greece and spain that have been on the front line for this crisis for some time . 
  instead , we did nothing , and now the eu is more disunited than ever with more and more countries pulling away . 
  people act as if `` fake news '' were a new phenomenon , something that did n't exist before the age of the internet . 
  that is simply not true , though . 
  tabloid papers like * bild * , * the sun * and * the daily mail * have been mixing in fake news since before the www was even invented , and people are even paying to read them . 
  well , but the higher-ups said they did n't know they were running selectors for the nsa on their systems . 
  in this case we * obviously * can not blame them . 
  a fundamental flaw in the current thinking is not recognising how different the cultures are from which these people come . 
  someone who has learnt for a good 20 years that women are to be at his service , is unlikely to lose that attitude after a few weeks of courses . 
  furthermore , these are patriarchal societies where only strength is respected . 
  this soft-touch approach of talking to them nicely is not going to be very effective . 
  what we do need is a zero tolerance policy and strict punishment for undesirable behaviour . 
  this is the only way to make it abundantly clear that our rules and our values are to be obeyed and that they are non-negotiable . 
  everything else is just going to exacerbate the problem in the long run . 
  that is actually why term limits might be a good idea . 
  when merkel first came into power , she quickly eliminated anyone who could have threatened her position in the future . 
  given that she can theoretically run for an unlimited number of terms , there was never any incentive to groom a successor . 
  soon the only erotica allowed in the uk will be margaret thatcher 's greatest speeches in 7.1 surround sound . 
  he won the election - twice in a row . 
  i 'm afraid ve will haf to seize zat beach for debt payment . 
  german comedy , ladies and gentlemen !, 
  we 'll be here all week . 
  i do n't think you really understood what i wrote . 
  what i said was '' ** modern ** conservative force '' . 
  that is why i singled spahn out , because someone like him might be able to take the core of conservatism and convincingly adapt it to the current day . 
   but germany today is not the germany of 20 years ago . 
  that 's true , albeit in a very different way from what you see . 
  the political spectrum has been compressed with the spd moving to the right in the late 90 's and the cdu under merkel moving more and more to the left , effectively turning those previously opposing parties into one . 
  this has left a lot of people with the feeling of not being represented anymore by any political parties . 
  it has also created a bush-esque climate of `` either you are with us , or you are with the nazis '' , where real debates about opposing political ideas have become impossible . 
  the political mainstream , ngos and the media who all support and work to further this development seem to think of this as a good thing . 
  but they fail to see that this is not a sustainable situation in a democracy . 
  if there is no valve to let of stream in a controlled fashion , things will eventually start to fracture , often turning into a violent disaster . 
  we recently saw a very well documented example of how it ends when enough people feel alienated from the political class . 
  part of this is to blame on the governing grand coalition . 
  for precisely the aforementioned reasons it was never meant as a long-term solution , only as a temporary stop-gap measure in times of crisis . 
  i strongly believe germany would be better of it it were to end as soon as possible . 
  also , let merkel step down and have someone else take the reigns in the cdu . 
  maybe someone like jens spahn would be able to re-position the party as a modern conservative force . 
  there always has been a large conservative milieu in germany , and that is unlikely to change . 
  you can not marginalising them permanently , as it will only drive them to the more extreme parties for lack of alternatives . 
  i also believe the spd would profit from an end to the current coalition , giving them the opportunity to re-define who they are and what they actually stand for . 
  a healthy democracy needs real choice and real debates . 
   people underrate how extreme the afd is . 
  relatively speaking yes . 
  but our political spectrum is fairly compressed in this day and age , and it has shifted to the left . 
  this makes the afd seem that much more extreme in comparison . 
  but in reality , they are not that far removed from where the cdu has stood historically , say 15 to 20 years ago . 
  it has only become like this over the last decade or so , though . 
  before , there was always a balance of power among the larger members . 
  usually we saw france and germany work together , and we had the brits as a major counterweight in the mix . 
  but they have one foot out the door , france is in a poor state , and hollande is too weak weak of a leader . 
  italy is in disarray , too . 
  so there is no one to stop merkel anymore . 
   german unemployment is low and the economy booming . 
  for now , but economies are cyclical . 
  vw just announced plans to reduce its workforce by 23,000 over the next couple of years because of high costs and low margins . 
  we still have have a large base of those who are long-term unemployed and who are unlikely to get a job anytime soon - if at all . 
  how do you think illiterate afghan peasants who speak neither german nor english will do ? 
  or latvian cuisine . 
  minus the pork ... and cabbage . 
  and potato is actually rokk . 
   it 's because they 're not that far ideologically from putin 's russia . 
  or maybe they just are less susceptible to all of this reaganesque * evil empire * rhetoric embraced by the msm and the political establishment . 
  those people basically criticise russia for doing the same things the west does ( e.g. 
  intervening in syria ) , which strikes me as a bit hypocritical . 
  at the same time , the west ist more than happy to look the other way when it comes to countries it actually needs . 
  turkey 's erdogan is really not that different from putin , especially after the recent coup attempt . 
  they are even getting involved in syria themselves . 
  yet , no one in the west is calling for sanctions against turkey , because nato needs a certain air base . 
  maybe we should start applying the same standards to everyone , instead of singling out select countries just because we need to create some kind of antagonist in people 's minds . 
  russia is not the soviet union anymore ; they have no strong ideological motivation to attack us . 
  and putin has nothing to gain from openly attacking us . 
  therefore , there is no reason russia has to be our enemy . 
  in fact , both sides would benefit from normalising relationships . 
  she is n't even capable of selecting a candidate from her own party to run for president without getting outmanoeuvred by her junior partners . 
  hell , she is n't even able to tell us whether or not she is going to run again for chancellor in 2017 . 
  if she is the leader of the `` free world '' , then we better all start learning mandarin . 
   the recent report that said that the media abandoned objectivity at the time for activism was pretty accurate , in my opinion . 
  that 's putting it mildly . 
  i would call it outright propaganda . 
  the media completely refused to question any of the statements that were presented as facts by the political class no matter how ludicrous . 
  for instance they pushed the narrative that many , if not most , of the people coming were highly qualified experts that would help boost our economy . 
  nobody even thought to ask how that would be possible with people coming from war-torn countries with dysfunctional education systems that even in the best of times were not up to western standards . 
  you only needed to take a look at the official statistics to see that most people from these countries , who had come before 2015 , were , in fact , unemployed . 
  furthermore , even if these claims had been true , would it be ethical for us to bolster our economy with their best and brightest who would be desperately needed to rebuild their own countries ? 
  these are extremely obvious questions , yet i have not seen the media ask them even once during that time . 
  we might be willing to pay some for what our tourists have been doing to majorca , but only if the english in . 
  ... or the unluckiest guy ever if he happens to be gay . 
  this is n't just happening in europe , though . 
  according to [ this article from 2012 ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3419292/ ) , it is very common in mena countries . 
  saudi arabia and pakistan each have a share of  50 % for such marriages .
