  what is never mentioned is the fact that germany 's is not wealthy because of hans-peter schmidt the accountant , but because of people who had names like benz , beiersdorf , siemens and thyssen . 
  i find this lack of entrepreneurial spirit deeply troubling . 
  just look at germany 's position when it comes to high tech . 
  this is were the real growth is happening . 
  but where is our apple , google or facebook ? 
  silicon valley is dividing up the future among itself , and this lack of participation may very well come back to haunt us in the future, 
  well , rumsfeld compared us to libya and cuba , but at least they did n't rename sauerkraut to freedom kraut . 
  then we need to secure our borders more effectively . 
  we used to know how to do that during the cold war . 
  europe simply can not allow itself to be held hostage by a mid-tier country like turkey . 
  that 's a classic case of the tail wagging the dog . 
  if erdogan does n't get the message and tries to continue his blackmail , hit them with economic sanctions and kill their economy . 
  or expel them from nato and let putin sort them out . 
  maybe we can negotiate a population swap . 
  turkey gets all of those conservative turks living in europe , and the liberal people from turkey can resettle here . 
  it 's true , the nazi 's power grab was entirely legal . 
  their ability to do this was the result of several mistakes that were made when the constitution was written . 
  the first mistake was allowing a 2/3 majority of votes in parliament to enact laws that would otherwise violate the constitution ( e.g. 
  the enabling act ) . 
  the second mistake was giving the president the power to enact far-reaching decrees . 
  this was also abused in the takeover when hitler convinced president hindenburg to issue the [ reichtstag fire decree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichstag_fire_decree ) , which suspended many civil liberties . 
  hitler made use of this in order to arrest political opponents , including said legislators , who were now missing from the vote on the enabling act . 
  surprise anschluss !, 
  latest polls : party | insa [ 07/03/2017 ] | forsa [ 08/03/2017 ] ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ cdu/csu | 30.5 | 33 spd | 31.5 | 32 die gr\u00fcnen | 6.5 | 8 fdp | 7.5 | 6 die linke | 8.5 | 7 afd | 11 | 8 others | 4.5 | 6 the key question right now is which party will gain the most seats . 
  the spd had largely been counted out before schulz entered the stage , but they have been able to gain some momentum since then , and they might have their best chance to win an election since 2005 . 
  if that were to happen , we can assume that schulz would rather form a left wing coalition with the greens and the left than to continue to grand coalition with the cdu/csu . 
  however , whether or not an alliance like that will gain enough seats to even form a coalition is a close call right now , and the spd might end up in a situation where the grand coalition is their most viable option . 
  but it is somewhat questionable whether the cdu/csu would be willing to enter into a grand coalition as the junior partner . 
  this is historically unprecedented , and it would be a bit of an embarrassment for a party that once upon a time considered itself the country 's `` natural ruling party '' . 
  if the cdu/csu were to win , they could attempt to form a coalition involving the fdp and the greens . 
  the liberal fdp has been their traditional ally , while an alliance between cdu/csu and the greens is unprecedented on the federal level . 
  the greens sitting left of the spd on the political spectrum , this would have been previously unthinkable , but there have been several examples of this happening over the last 15 years or so on the state level . 
  rhetoric from both camps indicates that this option is definitely in play now . 
  the grand coalition with the spd has worked well for merkel for two out of the last three election periods ( between '09 and 2013 they partnered with the fdp ) . 
  but with the spd 's recent resurgence under schulz this has become more of a strategic question of whether to keep the spd close , or to push them out of the government when another option presents itself . 
  bottom line : there is a  99 % chance that we end up with either merkel or schulz as chancellor . 
  thank to recent spd strength more coalition options are now on the table , but viability for each of them will be a close call . 
  this just highlights how much fears of an imminent russian invasion of europe are overblown . 
  their budget is half of what the uk , france and germany spend . 
  it us almost spends ten times as much . 
  russia attacking any nato member would be suicide . 
  if you really want it , dodging the draft is quite feasible . 
  i do n't know what standards the swedish military has , but in germany there were a couple of ways to get out of it . 
  mental illness worked very well , and it 's next to impossible for them to prove that you are lying . 
  depression and panic disorder were the best choices . 
  you just needed to know the right answers to their questions , but you could prepare for that . 
  if you were a sufficiently good actor , than flamboyant gayness worked too . 
  ideally , just show up in drag . 
  i friend of mine took an even easier route : he was playing basketball and drinking all night , then showed up for his assessment in the morning completely hungover and smelling like a bum . 
  they dismissed him immediately . 
   programming something like rsa from scratch is easy . 
  implementing crypto correctly is actually hard . 
  rsa in particular is known for having pitfalls that can lead to an insecure implementation . 
  then again , there are lots and lots of free implementations already available . 
  you ca n't really delete those from the internet . 
  there were several similar cases over the last couple of years where people were killed , and the culprits received a suspended sentences . 
  this is the first time in recent memory where a judge has actually handed down a severe sentence . 
  i think op is just trying to tell us that he or she is suffering from late-stage throat cancer . 
  what exactly is wrong with naming a group that is ** actually ** responsible for a disproportionate amount of problems ? 
  would you rather suppress the objective truth because it is inconvenient and clashes with your ideological pov ? 
  that is the same thing climate change deniers do . 
  we should have offered you the saarland in exchange . 
  that would have been the better deal for us . 
  in fact , we are prepared to pay you for annexing it . 
   at that point it will be a hard choice , attack russia and initiate total war , or back down and dig in . 
   that is in fact very much a choice . 
  if a nato member is attacked , and the alliance fails to respond , it will effectively cease to exists . 
  at that point every single member would be less secure than before . 
  therefore , there is not much of a choice . 
  this is just basic game theory . 
   you mean it was wrong to place the name of an adopted baby from norway in a newspaper article saying he could be a threat to the country ? 
  you say that now , but you just wait until that baby grows up , gets its hands on some longboats and starts raiding england again . 
  this is probably going to go as well as the [ last time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg_annexation_plans_after_the_second_world_war ) you tried . 
  the sz actually has a slight left-of-centre bend . 
  you might be thinking of the faz , which could be considered the sz 's right-of-centre counterpart . 
  both of them are probably among the more trustworthy and high quality newspapers in germany , but that 's more a case of the one-eyed man being king among the blind . 
  imo the only trustworthy german-language newspaper is the nzz . 
  the public broadcasters have always been subject to influence by the political parties . 
  they do n't usually openly spin thing , but they are prone to suppressing inopportune stories and facts . 
  our trust has been abused repeatedly . 
  the current system is giving incentives to throw away your passport or to claim to be an unaccompanied minor in order to gain asylum , even when you rightfully do n't meet the requirements . 
  people have even been registering under different identities in order to collect benefits multiple times . 
  terrorists have gained entry like this . 
  things simply can not go on like this , and we need better tools to combat this abuse . 
  `` fascist '' has now become a catch-all term for `` people who disagree with me '' . 
  never mind trivialising the suffering of the tens of millions of victims of actual fascism . 
  as an outsider schulz also has much more freedom to criticise the merkel government , something gabriel could not have done credibly . 
  that is very important for a party that has struggled to distinguish itself from the cdu over the last decade . 
  i wonder if schulz is going to do a pro-eu campaign , attacking merkel for her failure to maintain european unity by alienating our partners with her unilateral decisions . 
  given how much support the union still has in germany , that is an angle that might actually work . 
  it is . 
  planned federal expenditures for 2016 were [ 316.9 billion euro ] ( https://www.bundeshaushalt-info.de/#/2016/soll/ausgaben/einzelplan.html ) . 
  21.7 bn is more than the 16.4 bn budget for education and research , and it is only slightly less than the 24.6 bn for transport and digital infrastructure . 
  to put that in perspective : our defence budget was 34.3 bn . 
  this is complete insanity , even exceeding the worst forecasts . 
  unless a good portion of these people gets jobs and starts paying taxes soon , this will only serve as a short-term boost for the economy as opposed to a long-term investment . 
  it is not even clear how many of these people are even going to stay in germany . 
  the is money that could have been used to repair our crumbling physical infrastructure . 
  or it could have been used to provide better education to people who actually have a chance of getting a job here . 
   let 's drain the swamp by electing a man who will use the presidency to advantage his businesses and children .
