  that 's nothing . 
  look at what else [ we have invented ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ajxetc0.jpg ) . 
   the swedish transport agency moved all its data to `` the cloud '' , as managed by ibm so , they gave all of their secret data to a us company that may very well be storing it in a data centre on us soil where there would be no protection from access by us intelligence agencies . 
  well done . 
  my personal favourite is the `` argument '' that per capita sexual assaults for these immigrant groups are disproportionately high because they consist mostly of young men . 
  as if that makes it any better . 
  if anything , it 's an argument for barring additional individuals from these groups from entering the country . 
   we believe in diplomacy , not raw brutforce strength . 
  that 's what neville chamberlain thought . 
  but sometimes applying force is necessary , as the alternative would lead to a far greater catastrophe . 
  as they used to say : `` when the british shoot , the germans duck . 
  when the germans shoot , the british duck . 
  when the americans shoot , everyone ducks . '', 
   cromwell is the guy who single-handedly convinced the uk to restore the monarchy . 
  maybe trump will be able to do the same for the us . 
  and for 50 km you will only see one worker ... who is currently taking a break . 
   seattle 1999 also genoa 2001 , toronto 2010 . 
  in other words : this came as a complete surprise , and nobody could have foreseen any of this . 
  there are literally thousands of militants here . 
  today it became so bad , the police had to withdraw from one neighbourhood . 
  it took them several hours to amass enough equipment and people to take back control . 
  they had to call in special forces who were cleared to open fire if necessary , because rioters had prepared petrol bombs to use against the advancing police forces . 
  these are not small numbers , and these are not protesters . 
  these are criminals , and the viciousness and extent of violence hate has surprised even a city like hamburg that is used to far-left protests . 
  lots of people actually were , but some schools send the children home early today because of the erupting violence . 
  some companies prepared beforehand , and let their staff to do home office . 
  quite a few stores and restaurants , especially in the expected hot zones , were closed , though . 
  traffic by car has been a disaster since yesterday due to protests , and streets closed by the police in order to ensure safe passage from the airport to the city centre for the arriving delegates . 
  public transport is spotty and lines can be interrupted at a moment 's notice due to the volatile situation . 
  police have now advised people to avoid the city centre if at all possible . 
  they expected anti-g20 protesters , but these are just small groups of people randomly running around , smashing and burning things . 
  it 's a large city , and this was happening fairly far away from where the actual summit is being held . 
  this makes it next to impossible to thwart attacks like this one . 
  they look like black bloc , but the black bloc is not so much a group in itself as a tactic used by many of these militant groups during and around protests . 
  it consists of dressing in black clothing and wearing face-covering items in order to conceal their identities while usually forming a cohesive block inside the larger group of protesters . 
  it 's supposed to make it more difficult for the police to identify and arrest individuals . 
  participants may still be members of different groups , though , of which there are dozens or probably hundreds active at the moment . 
  hamburg has a long history of violent far left activity , and the summit is being held in close proximity to many of `` their '' neighbourhoods . 
  many of them basically see this as the organisers telling them : `` come at me bro '' . 
  probably anarchists/anti-capitalists . 
  antifa are n't the only militants , there are other groups , and many of them are local or at least have local chapters . 
  but additional people from all over germany , europe and even farther away have been arriving for weeks , and officials estimate that there may be up to 8,000 militants in the city for this . 
  supposedly the g20 summit . 
  in reality quite of these people are just there to smash and burn things , and then they act surprised when they are stopped by the police . 
   what exactly did you expect from `` an ever-closer union '' though ? 
  they probably did n't expect that a few countries would collectively decide to jump off a cliff and then demand that everyone else follows them . 
  i imagine ron howard narrating : `` the banks wo n't leave britain if we exit the eu . '', 
  narrator : `` they will . '', 
  [ here is ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iksgtvz.jpg ) a screenshot from the vote . 
  there are 630 seats overall . 
  clearly , our parliament takes matters like free speech extremely seriously . 
  `` say something dirty to me '' , the canadian , his blue eyes gazing deeply into emmanuel 's , demanded forcefully . 
  the frenchman slowly leaned in while the warm mediterranean breeze flowed around them on this late spring evening . 
  `` vive le qu\u00e9bec libre '' , he whispered softly . 
   merkel 's cdu/csu was the only party opposed to it . 
  some of the more conservative forces are opposing it . 
  merkel did not support it so far , because she had nothing to gain from it . 
  but put enough political pressure on her , and she will flip in an instant . 
  spd and the greens tried to corner her , but , lo and behold , she just joins them . 
  it 's the same thing as with nuclear power post fukushima when public opinion turned from indifference to strong opposition . 
  i 'm pretty certain we could get her to support the legalisation of recreational cannabis , too . 
   cdu/csu it 's not like they are solely responsible for this , though . 
  it was schr\u00f6der 's spd/the greens administration that pushed through a lot of these `` security packages '' post 9/11 . 
  it was the spd that almost unanimously voted for this latest package . 
  and it is spd member heiko maas who continues to lobby for far-reaching internet censorship . 
  this is not a partisan issue ; they are all responsible . 
  our intelligence actually did keep an eye on him . 
  they even had chat logs , but they failed to act . 
  that has been the problem repeatedly : people who should have been detained or deported walking free , and committing crimes . 
  that 's why more surveillance , as politicians like to propose , wo n't do anything ; usually they have all the information they need . 
  they may very well have too much , making it difficult to distinguish the real threats from the noise . 
  we 're going for a diplomatic victory this time , mate . 
   issueing threats and coercion are crimes and not protected under free speech ( in germany or the u.s. ) . 
  germany also outlaws `` incitement of the masses '' ( `` volksverhetzung '' ) which is fairly nebulous in its definition , and gives a lot of discretion to law enforcement . 
  many things that would be okay to say in the us are covered by this . 
  people have even been prosecuted under this law for obviously satirical statements . 
  this is why a law like that is problematic , and this is why restricting free speech means walking a very fine line in oder not to fall on the side of deliberate censorship with the goal of silencing dissenting opinions . 
  there even seems to be a small `` nl '' print on the bottom side of the pills in op 's picture . 
  well , axel springer is a co-owner . 
  so , i would call that hardly surprising . 
  when discussing the reunification , we should also mention the almost legendary foreign minister [ genscher ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans-dietrich_genscher ) who was instrumental in making this happen . 
  his masterful diplomacy will always be remembers . 
  sadly , he passed away last year . 
  well , they wanted a hard brexit , did n't they ? 
  maybe this is just her take on nixon 's * madman theory * : do stupid things until the eu gives her what she wants for fear what might happen next . 
  `` gee , theresa . 
  what are we going to do this year ? '', 
  `` the same thing we do every year , boris . 
  make bad decisions that backfire horribly . '', 
   what happens in such cases where you ca n't form a coalition ? 
  the country turns into belgium . 
  the treaties are not a suicide pact . 
  it was merkel who cut funding for refugees in the middle east in ' 08 . 
  it was merkel who was too weak of a leader to take action in order to reduce the inflows . 
  and it was merkel who effectively invited everyone from all over the world to come here without having any kind of plan of how to deal with the result of that . 
  to demand from eastern europe that they now help solve the mess we created is more than presumptuous . 
   he governed in fairly uneventful fashion well , apart from that whole reunification thing that would forever alter the course of european history . 
  one important factor is the lack of entrepreneurial spirit in germany . 
  most people consider starting a company something you do if you ca n't get a `` real '' job . 
  the number of companies founded actually goes down in times of strong economic growth .
