  what ? 
  this is the part that almost everyone opposing trumps seems to misunderstand . 
  i recently read an [ interesting article ] ( https://www.thenation.com/article/this-political-theorist-predicted-the-rise-of-trumpism-his-name-was-hunter-s-thompson/ ) about this that drew parallels between trump 's rise and the creation of outlaw motorcycle clubs like the * hell 's angels * after wwii . 
  these clubs were founded by veterans who came back to the us after the war , only to find that the country had fundamentally changed : their skills were no longer in demand , and there seemed to be no place for them anymore ; they felt alienated and disfranchised . 
  there did n't seem to be any hope for them , so they adopted a mindset of complete rejection of society , and these clubs became vehicles for that . 
  the important part in this is to understand that these people did n't care about trying to change things , as they felt there was nothing they could do ; they did n't really stand for anything except total rejection of system . 
  this is what brings us back to trump and his supporters . 
  many of them find themselves in a very similar situation , and they have reacted in a very similar way : total rejection of the political class , the media , the so-called elites . 
  it does n't really matter who trump is , or whether or not he can help them . 
  he is simply a vehicle of total rejection . 
  bikers would often use nazi or nazi-inspired symbols , not because they genuinely agreed with that ideology , but because of the shock value . 
  the same thing applies to trump , and this is the reason why he can say the most outrageous things without losing support . 
  if anything , being crass only increases his appeal to people with this kind of mindset . 
  this is precisely the thing that his opponents failed to understand . 
  call him a racist , a fascist , a misogynist all you like ; explain that his ideas wo n't work , assassinate his character , highlight his lies , none of this is going to dissuade his supporters . 
  the afd follows the same logic , albeit to a much lesser degree . 
  the german political system finds itself in a position where there are six parties that may conceivably win seats in parliament in the next election . 
  yet , voting for either cdu/csu , spd , greens or fdp will likely be a vote for merkel . 
  the * left * being the only potential alternative that could enable an spd-left-greens coalition , but even that seems like a long shot given the current polls . 
  furthermore , a coalition like that would likely continue with merkel 's immigration policies , or likely adopt an even more extreme version of that . 
  this leaves us in a situation where another term for merkel seems inevitable . 
  there is no realistic political alternative , which has left people feeling disfranchised . 
  this brings us back to the mindset of total rejection , that this time finds it outlet in the afd . 
  when asked , most of their supporters will admit that they do n't think they are actually capable of changing things . 
  but they will vote for them anyway , because it 's not about changing things , but about rejecting the status quo . 
  so nk is basically the shire ? 
  you 'll stop laughing at them when it turns out that marshal kim jong-un is the only one who can destroy a powerful artefact in order to save us all . 
  the people who know what this even means , and who do care about this , already have appropriate addons installed . 
  the law has been routinely ignored in these matters , and it means very little at this point . 
  if we were adhering to our laws , then dangerous individuals with no right to stay , who have been previously implicated in criminal activity , should be deported . 
  yet , this does not happen . 
  any migrant entering germany from a secure country ( i.e. 
  any country with which we have a border ) is supposed to be sent back . 
  yet , this does not happen . 
  so do n't be to sure about this . 
  sunrise is at 9:20 . 
  it 's much worse farther north . 
  reykjav\u00edk has its sunrise at around 11:15 am and sunset at 3:50 pm at the moment . 
  because they are afraid people who do eat meat might instead buy a vegetarian or vegan product . 
  it 's the same reason why soy milk may not be called `` milk '' , but is usually labelled `` soy drink '' instead . 
  this is really rather dopy , but it is about distinguishing your product and setting it apart from products made by potential competitors . 
  well , we lost to one of our rogue provinces [ once ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria_v_west_germany_ ( 1978_fifa_world_cup \\ ) ) . 
   i do n't understand why she has such a reputation for competence . 
  her whole thing is to avoid rocking the boat by kicking the can further down the road . 
  you have answered your own question . 
  combine that strategy with a solid economy , and it is extremely easy to look like a political genius . 
  a monkey could do it . 
  so , you are saying we should blacklist everyone who has ever published anything that was untrue ? 
  then we should certainly blacklist * die zeit * . 
  a couple of months ago they published an article stating that hungary had taken in the most refugees in 2015 on a per capita ( of its population ) basis - more than german , or so they claimed . 
  while hungary did indeed ** register ** the most per capita ( following the * dublin * rules ) , few of those actually stayed in that country . 
  the publication never corrected the article despite being called out on the wrongful reporting . 
  i am confident i could find you examples for every major and minor news outlet in germany reporting things that were untrue . 
  this means , if we ban * bild * , we will have to ban everyone . 
  but things get more complicated , as there are matters of opinion . 
  one man 's terrorist may be another man 's freedom fighter . 
  ask the english what they think about the ira , then ask some irish republicans . 
  ask the turks about the pkk , then ask the kurds the same question . 
  who can give the authoritative answer on what is the truth and what is not in matters like these ? 
  who gets blacklisted and who may continue to publish their opinion ? 
  not to mention the axel springer verlag , publishers of high quality print products like `` bild '' which are at least 70 % spin , exaggerations and pure lies . 
  are they going to get blacklisted , too ? 
  at what point does a publication get the official label of `` fake news '' ? 
  who decides ? 
  these fools are about to open pandora 's box . 
  according to german media he did not literally make the offer , he merely alluded to the idea . 
  law enforcement considered this insufficient evidence for an arrest warrant . 
  but you are right of course . 
  they had all the information they needed , and they failed to stop him . 
  moroccan intelligence specifically warned the germans twice about amri . 
  german law enforcement had him on their radar , and they knew about plans for an attacks on a christmas market in berlin since summer . 
  what more could they possibly need ? 
  maybe he should have written a book beforehand : `` if i were to do it : confessions of a terrorist '', 
  well , walmart tried to enter the german market at around the turn of the century . 
  they did n't know what they were up against . 
  after being out-nastied by aldi and lidl , they eventually fled the german market in disgust , never to return . 
  and that 's walmart we are talking about . 
   because as far as i am aware the police stated he was on record for minor offences , which is obviously bad but they did not mention sexual assault okay , so point me to the part in that sentence where you mentioned a conviction . 
   they did not mention sexual assault that 's exactly what they did . 
  you 're just trying to spin the truth . 
  poorly , i might add . 
  have you actually read the article ? 
  he was on record for sexual offences , which is all that everybody was talking about . 
  the article very clearly states that this was the case , citing the police as the source for that information . 
  we do n't do cruel and unusual punishment . 
  to understand how merkel operates , you have to realise that she is a political squid . 
  she has no backbone , and few convictions , if any . 
  she is only going to do things as long as it does not offend too many people , creating backlash . 
  one of the most stark examples of this was her attempt in late 2010 to roll back the exit from nuclear energy , decided upon by the previous government . 
  then fukushima happened , public mood changed from apathetic to strongly opposed , and she did a complete 180 \u00b0 turn overnight . 
  same-sex marriage is something that she has little to gain from , but she is going to offend the csu and the more conservative portion of the cdu . 
  unless someone finds a way to turn the existing public support into actual pressure directed at her , she is not going to do anything . 
  i just googled for spanish bread . 
  the only results were some weird rolls that look more like a penis than anything else . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.uk.diplo.de/contentblob/4738926/startseitenteaser/6329488/bread.jpg ) is what bread is supposed to look like . 
  you savages clearly know nothing whatsoever about bread !, 
  well , this is hardly a fair comparison . 
  we make hundreds of widely different types of bread , expertly baked by a tradition that spans centuries . 
  we even developed the pastry called a [ franzbr\u00f6tchen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franzbr%c3%b6tchen ) in your honour . 
  it 's what you get when you stomp on a raw croissant and then add cinnamon and sugar before baking it .
