  there are basically two options : either he really is this naive , or he is deliberately negligent in his task to keep germany and its people safe . 
  either way , he 's obviously not fit to hold this office . 
   the hit teams are secretly smuggled into europe [ ... ] i 'm confused , just last year de maiziere assured us that this was totally not happening , even while the borders were completely open to anyone with a pulse . 
  let me translate journalist to english for you : `` may have to '' = `` will most certainly not have to '', 
  the planet where there is no realistic scenario in which she might not be chancellor after the next election . 
  she knows she can get away with it , because there is no real competition , and the electoral math all but guarantees her win in 2017 . 
  funny thing is : people in the us like to complain about your two-party system . 
  we have four parties in parliament at the moment , and it will likely be six after the upcoming election . 
  but unless merkel decides not to run again , or something extremely dramatic happens , she will most likely become chancellor again . 
  you at least have a choice between a crook with health issues and an orange populist . 
  `` i was just following orders . '', 
  i 'm aware of that , but that guy above is not . 
  according to your logic , media can only report things that have been officially confirmed . 
  do you recognise the obvious flaw with that , especially when dealing with a government that likes to suppress inconvenient facts ? 
   and if you look really closely at what is happening today , you might say that the jury is actually still out !, 
  so far tesla is running circles around the german manufacturers . 
  audi already had to shelve an electric r8 when the model s came out , because they realised how far behind their technology was . 
  look at any car from 10 or even 20 years ago , and compare that to a model from 2016 . 
  it 's the same car , except for a few design iterations here and there and a couple of additional gimmicks . 
  german manufacturers do n't know how to innovate anymore ; they are too slow and too bureaucratic for that . 
  porsche is aiming for a 2019 launch of their electric model , and bmw has a similar timeline for their next electric lineup . 
  by then , tesla will probably have launched a self-driving flying car . 
  for most british people this does not make that much of a difference , though . 
  sterling may have lost substantially against other currencies , but this only affects the prices of imported goods . 
  it will probably have the biggest impact on energy prices , since crude oil trades in usd . 
  but your money still buys you the same amount of food at your local farmer 's market . 
  inflation came in at 0.6 % y/y . 
  that is only slightly higher than the previous readings and still well below the 2 % target most central banks have . 
  the [ 1951 refugee convention ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/1951_refugee_convention ) actually states that expulsion may happen under certain circumstances , a fact that politicians , media and the political left like to conceal . 
   article 32 . 
   expulsion  1 . 
  the contracting states shall not expel a refugee lawfully in their territory ** save on grounds of national security or public order ** . 
   article 33 . 
   prohibition of expulsion or return ( `` refoulement '' )  1 . 
  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , having been convicted by a final judgement of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
  might be the mentality . 
  if a bureaucrat in china tells you to do something , you better do as he says , or else . 
  i 'm sure 20 % consider stoning adulterers acceptable , 50 % think homosexuality should be illegal and 65 % consider sharia law more important than the actual law of the country they live in . 
  i think it is important not to put all right-wing extremists under general suspicion now . 
  most of them are peaceful and tolerant people and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism . 
  wait ... 
  i think i may have mixed a few things up . 
  that 's true , but it 's going to happen because there is simply no credible alternative . 
  the social democrats , as the second largest parliamentary party , have completely marginalised themselves , and all of their potential candidates are laughably inept . 
  none of the smaller parties will gain enough seats to form a government coalition of their own . 
  ironically , the rise of the right-wing populist party * afd * has created a situation where the only realistic option is the continuation of the current grand coalition between merkel 's `` conservatives '' and the social democrats . 
  they are mostly a bunch of old people who barely understand how the world works . 
  their response to everything is parroting the same discredited ideas over and over again . 
  turkey is a sovereign nation , and erdogan is its democratically elected president . 
  the us would never remove a democratically elected official from power . 
  unless he [ threatens their oil supply ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) , that is . 
  in absolute numbers poles were in the top three last year ( excluding offences like illegally crossing the border ) . 
  on a per capita basis romanians are the worst offenders followed by serbs , leading everyone else by a wide margin . 
  then again , letting the voters decide [ may not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_july_1932 ) [ end well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_november_1932 ) either . 
  is n't this great ? 
  man married to several women ? 
  alright !, 
  man married to 14-year old girl ? 
  alright !, 
  same-sex marriage ? 
  noooope . 
  we have a very similar process to the swedish one in germany . 
  the problem with teaching the language to all of these people is that it would require tens of thousands of teachers . 
  those simply do n't exist , and so far no one has answered the question where they are supposed to come from on short notice . 
  part of the problem in germany is that there is no debate . 
  the leftists have essentially reduced the issue to `` you 're either with us or you 're a nazi '' . 
  media and politicians have been working in unison to create an echo chamber that repeats this idea day after day . 
  you either fall in line or you need to be prepared to be ostracised . 
  afd politicians and supporters are now regularly being attacked by the anti-fascist action . 
  meanwhile , our minister for justice openly makes his sympathy for these people 's `` activism '' known . 
  it 's an absurd situation that is the opposite of what a healthy democracy is supposed to look like . 
   the law 's the law , and courts are there to judge things by existing legal standards . 
  if it 's not allowed by law to make obscene sexual jokes about foreign heads of state , then the court did the ` right ' thing according to the law . 
  the law does not say that . 
  the law forbids opprobrious and defamatory statements . 
  therefore , it was the court 's task to determine whether or not this applies to the poem in question . 
  this obviously gave them a certain degree of leeway in interpreting the facts . 
  then again , b\u00f6hmermann himself made it clear that his poem was * supposed * to vilify erdogan . 
   a once divided country , speaks out , to help unite a now divided country . 
  believe me when i tell you that reunification is not all that is 's made out to be . 
  on a related note : offering to sell six federal states . 
  bidding starts at 1 eur each . 
   universities are a place of higher learning that focus on preparing students for high-skilled jobs that 's where you are wrong . 
  universities are not focused on providing job training . 
  they are institutions that serve the dual purpose of performing research and providing education in academic disciplines . 
  their goal is not , and never has been , training you to do a specific job . 
  colleges ( in the non-us sense ) are what you may be thinking about . 
  these are institutions that provide higher education with a specific focus on acquiring trade qualifications . 
  i think [ berlusconi ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z8h05wq.jpg ) did it before 4chan even existed . 
  that was a eu meeting in 2002 , and the german press printed that photo without realising what the gesture means . 
  you should thank them . 
  without them forcibly upgrading your gene pool , you would still be 3 feet tall , have furry feet and live in holes in the ground . 
  this is not the anschluss you are looking for . 
  sounds like a great setup for a troll campaign : give them increasingly absurd ideas of how to supposedly attack the netherlands . 
  did you know that flying rainbow-coloured flags is illegal in the netherlands , as it is considered a personal insult to their king ? 
  found erdogan 's reddit account . 
  this attitude of distrust towards entrepreneurs is deeply ingrained in german society . 
  just compare how the media reports about them in german to what they say in the us . 
  there entrepreneurs are celebrated as bold risk takers who create jobs , prosperity and innovation . 
  here they are seen as borderline criminals , wannabe scrooge mcducks who are exploiting the poor workers in order to line their own pockets .
