properly identified how ? 
  a lot of them arrive without any papers . 
  creating fake identities is trivial because of that . 
  the only way to identify a previously registered person is by using biometric data from the eurodac database . 
  but that requires the data to be entered correctly in the first place , and it requires someone to actually query the database for a match . 
  many immigrants were never properly registered when they crossed the border ( s ) . 
  in germany we still have a backlog of roughly 200,000 applications for asylum that have not yet been processed . 
  then there are people who have not even made an application yet . 
  i do n't think of lot of these do have a proper eurodac entry . 
  there were even cases of people being registered under half a dozen identities in different cities , receiving benefits in all of them . 
  we have also identified thousands who falsely claimed to be unaccompanied minors , some of which were in their mid-thirties . 
  these things are still far from sorted out . 
  they will lose any benefits the original host country offered them . 
  they also may not apply for asylum in any other eu country - in theory . 
  in practice the whole system is so broken that registering several times , even in the same country , and receiving benefits is perfectly feasible . 
   trump was behind in the polls nearly the whole time , at times he was miles behind . 
  it was n't until the week or so before the vote it began to stay close . 
  due to the us election system , the national polls are largely meaningless , though . 
  in the models aggregating the per-state polls , his odds were swinging wildly over time . 
  538 showed him being close to clinton after he received the nomination in july , then he started losing ground after the democrat 's convention . 
  but he managed to gain momentum again heading into the first debate , almost closing the gap , then cratered afterwards . 
  at the end of october his odds started to improve again , and he was just below 30 % right before the election , putting clinton at a 2:1 advantage . 
  that was still much better than in 2012 , when obama was at 9:1 over romney . 
  trump was down , but he was never out . 
  in the end , he managed to mobilise extremely well , while clinton failed to get anywhere near obama 's levels . 
  add to that the poor polling in a few key states like michigan , and the whole electoral map flipped in his favour . 
  imo , the problem was mostly not with data but with pundits and the media . 
  instead of reporting accurately , they were cheering for clinton , making it seem as if trump had no chance . 
  same goes for brexit . 
  the * leave * camp had been far behind at the start of the year , but they gained momentum starting in spring , and they managed to close the gap shortly before the referendum . 
  this inaccurate reporting may have even served to suppress turnout for the * remain * camp , giving the other one the decisive advantage . 
  my conclusion from this is not to trust the media in matters like these . 
  it is the better choice to look at the raw data yourself and to draw your own conclusion . 
  one reason for the fall of the roman empire was allowing mass immigration by germanic tribes who were fleeing from the invading huns . 
  these immigrants were treated poorly and eventually rose up in revolt . 
  they fought the romans , won the battle of adrianople in 378 , killed emperor valens and eventually sacked rome itself in 410 . 
  most of that was either done by the schr\u00f6der government ( nuclear power , labour market reforms ) , was forced on her by the spd ( minimum wage ) or was completely mishandled ( eurozone crisis that has still not been resolved ) . 
  conscription numbers had been declining for years , and ending it was inevitable . 
  opening the borders for hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers , most of which have little prospects for getting jobs or even just their own apartment anytime soon ? 
  tbh , that does n't sound like a very good idea . 
  besides , it was the merkel government that actually cut funding for projects providing aid in the regions these people come from . 
  handling the 2008 financial crisis ? 
  her government just did what every other country was doing : bailing out banks and hoping for the best . 
  in the end , the economy itself proved to be robust enough to bounce back quickly with little help from the government . 
  merkel has done little of note . 
  she has been riding the waves of a strong economy . 
  every other chancellor had at least one big project that advanced germany in some way . 
  where is hers ? 
  where is her grand vision for the future ? 
  how are we going to deal with a retirement system standing on an increasingly shaky foundation ? 
  how are we going to deal with steadily rising costs for health insurance due to an ageing population ? 
  how do we become more attractive to skilled foreign employees and scientists ? 
  how do we transform our economy to lower our reliance on old-school manufacturing ? 
  how can we grow economic sectors like information technology that will be even more important in the future ? 
  these are important questions that need to be tackled sooner rather than later , while there is still time . 
  but the merkel government is wasting that opportunity by sitting on its hands . 
  we do have [ someone like that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_sonneborn ) who stays in character as a populist politician . 
  this eventual turned into an actual , albeit satirical , party . 
  he was even voted into the european parliament . 
  among other things , he offered [ to form an `` alliance of idiots and fools '' with nigel farage 's ukip ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/oct/18/german-dadaist-party-offer-to-save-ukip-group-in-european-parliament ) . 
  they declined . 
  c\u0443\u043a\u0430 \u0431\u043b\u044f\u0442\u044c , is clearly sign of oppressed russian minority . 
  time for rescue !, 
  so , we now recognise polygamy and child marriages under some circumstances . 
  what we do not recognise under any circumstances are foreign same-sex marriages . 
  i 'm just glad we have our priorities straight . 
  not only that , but it is generally considered uncouth to talk about how much money you make . 
  it 's a very different mentality here . 
  while success and wealth in the us may gain you the admiration of others , here it will more likely be met with suspicion and envy . 
  i 'm fairly certain we shipped him off to brussels so he would n't be able to do any damage here . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_public_debt ) you are fifth in public debt as % of gdp , right behind saint kitts and nevis , greece and zimbabwe !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ were ^ ^ ^ ^ looking ^ ^ ^ ^ for , ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ it ? 
  it 's funny the brits still have n't put one and one together . 
  i mean , his name seems eerily french , does n't it ? 
  why do you think he stepped down so quickly after the vote ? 
  that 's because agent sp\u00e9cial nig\u00e9l far\u00e2ge ( codename : hastings ) was recalled to paris to be introduced into the l\u00e9gion d'honneur for having completing his mission . 
  asked during his reception by president hollande what drove him to volunteer for this long-term mission he stated : `` on n ' a pas oubli\u00e9 trafalgar . 
  vive la france ! '', 
  that seems like an extremely exaggerated account of what is actually happening . 
  yes , there are problems , but germany has not been turned into some post-apocalyptic , mad max world where roving gangs of immigrants beat up everyone who is n't them . 
  i do , however , disagree with the parent post 's claim that we are doing the best since reunification . 
  our democracy is broken and has effectively been turned into a one-party state without any effective opposition . 
  the merkel government itself is laughably inept , and her lack of leadership and vision is likely going to result in a lost decade for the country . 
  at least half of her ministers should have resigned because of gross incompetence or scandals , the other half i ca n't even remember . 
  meanwhile , our media has willingly transformed itself into a mouthpiece for said government , losing any credibility they may have previously possessed . 
  public discourse is impossible . 
  you either agree with the majority , or you will be ostracised . 
  i 'd like to point out that the source is a foundation with close ties to the * confederation of german trade unions * ( `` dgb '' ) , which is a heavily partisan organisation . 
  there have been repeated claims about growing inequality over the last couple of years , yet other studies have shown that these claims are greatly exaggerated or outright false . 
  inequality in german is demonstrably smaller than in most other western states . 
  therefore , i would be very careful with this particular study . 
  chances are , this is not much more than an early attempt at influencing the campaign for the upcoming federal election next year . 
  did someone say `` reich '' ? 
  i blame merkel for this . 
  she insisted on staying the course even while everyone else continued to pull away . 
  a year ago it would have probably been possible to find a compromise and to develop a common strategy to deal with this issue . 
  but she insisted on trying to force her will on everyone else , and now the union is more disunited than ever before . 
  the countries on the front lines like italy and greece have realised by now that they are alone in this for the most part . 
   nothing else can explain how they 've been sleeping for a year . 
  that is what i 'm actually wondering about .
