i did say `` nationalistic '' right . 
  so , i did not mean the whole right , just the certain part of the right political spectre , that is , what we in europe call the `` far right '' , nationalistic and racist right . 
  the right , that divides the people based on blood and genes . 
  not all `` right '' is the same , just as not all `` left '' is the same . 
  it is a bullshit , meaningless reaction . 
  it always goes like this : `` damn muslims !, 
  why did we let them come here ? '', 
  -  `` it 's our fault really !, 
  they are the victims !, 
  we bomb them , they bomb us . 
  world capitalism , inequality , military industrial complex , hurrr , durrr ! '', 
  -  [ we forget until next time ] there are muslims in europe . 
  some accept our culture and values , some do not . 
  the ( regressive ) left and ( nationalistic ) right are both racist towards them ; for the left , they are our victims , incapable of their own actions ( they are capable of just reacting to the deeds of the evil west ) , and for the right they are filthy inferior foreigners . 
  and that is what the ( regressive ) left and ( nationalistic ) right have in common : they do n't see their equal in these people . 
  they do n't see them as adult human being , with their own will , capable of making their own decisions and taking responsibilities for them . 
  i wrote much more about it here . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zkez7/cologne_hamburg_and_stuttgart_what_we_know/cynwgb6 ( unfortunately nobody read that , because it was deleted - and i banned - because of `` hate speech '' , and reinstated the next day , once the admins read the thing ), 
  best looking is eu flag , imo . 
  the worst is slovenian . 
  it 's not even a contest . 
  not only it is basically a russian flag ( which is n't the best to begin with ) with a speck in the corner , but the coat of arms is a heraldic catastrophe . 
  just an example : every municipality in slovenia has a better coat of arms , than the country itself !, 
  i agree completely . 
  on many consumer products here ( washing powders , chocolates , deodorants ... etc. ), 
  the languages are slovenian , croatian , serbian , russian , polish , czech , slovak ... , but never german , french , italian , spanish ... ( the exceptions : mueller , dm , hofer/aldi , lidl ) . 
  why do i get deodorant , that is made for poland , but never for austria , although austria is closer ? 
  it seems , that the companies make products for the eastern europe in different factories than products for western europe . 
  the products have the same name and look the same , but are they the same ? 
  well , i 've read a while back , that fruit and vegetables that are sold in supermarkets , are a lot worse here in slovenia , than in the western europe . 
  i ca n't remember the article right now , but it was implied , that the fruit and vegetables , that we buy in slovenian supermarkets , are leftovers from italy , that nobody else wants . 
  but really , you love us the most , right ? 
  i once talked to a young dude on the internet . 
  he was a turk in his twenties , from istanbul . 
  we agreed on almost anything . 
  we had the same values and we both thought , that turkey is basically european country and should join the eu , once it met the criteria for joining . 
  the guy was as european as i was , educated and well read . 
  it seems to me ( but i can not be sure - i 've never been to turkey ) , that turkey 's main problem is , that turkish people differ vastly in their values and education . 
  on one hand you have people , like the dude above , that have the same basic values as we do ( human rights , secularity ... ) and on the other hand , you have people , that ... do n't . 
  i do n't know , what the ratio is between these two groups , so i do n't know , which one will prevail ( it is probably safe to say though , that all turks , that are on reddit , reading this , are in the first group ) . 
  i wo n't read the book . 
  i hate wasting my time . 
  i tell you , it 's hard to read your posts . 
  to go through all the meaningless fluff and find concrete suggestions . 
  so , i 'll only address those . 
   cracking down on tax dodging i agree . 
   increased investment in public services and action to boost the income of the lowest paid . 
  who should increase investments ? 
  it sounds like you are addressing the western governments . 
  if this is the case , how would that help the worker in the third world countries ? 
  or are you addressing the governments of third world countries ? 
  where will they get the money ? 
  if they get it , how to stop that money to disappear in corruption ? 
   as a priority , it is calling for an end to the era of tax havens which has seen increasing use of offshore centres by rich individuals and companies to avoid paying their fair share to society . 
  i agree . 
   accompanied by a commitment on the part of governments to invest in healthcare , schools and other vital public services that make such a big difference to the lives of the poorest people . 
  the same questions as above . 
   governments should also to make sure work delivers an acceptable standard of living for those at the bottom as well as for those at the top - including moving minimum wage rates towards a living wage and tackling the pay gap between men and women . 
  that 's a complete meaningless fluff . 
   `` ending extreme poverty requires world leaders to tackle the growing gap between the richest and the rest which has trapped hundreds of millions of people in a life of poverty , hunger and sickness . 
  `` it is no longer good enough for the richest to pretend that their wealth benefits the rest of us when the facts show that the recent explosion in the wealth of the super-rich has come at the expense of the poorest . '', 
  that , too . 
   we should aim for full automation who are `` we '' ? 
  if we aim for that , how would that help the workers in the poorest countries ? 
   we should aim to reduce the working week great idea !, 
  seriously . 
  just one flaw . 
  the whole world must accept it . 
  all the countries . 
  because if a few do n't , those will have the economic advantage to those that do . 
   we need to instate a universal basic income again , who are `` we '' ? 
  the whole world ? 
  just the west ? 
  who ? 
  if you answered everybody , please explain how do you intend to achieve that . 
   we need a diminishment of the work ethic again , fluff . 
  edit : answers ( or `` answers '' ) like yours are the reason , why i stopped being leftist . 
  what the hell happened to the left in the west ? 
  the left ( `` regressive left '' ) is morally outraged about the world and wants to feel morally superior to all the others . 
  their `` solutions '' to the world 's problems are either completely vague or impossible to achieve in practice ( and the left knows that ) . 
  the leftists of the west want to enjoy the benefits of western civilization , while being morally outraged about it . 
  they say , they want change , while giving the impossible `` solutions '' , insuring , that nothing will really change . 
  being morally outraged about `` the system '' , while reaping the full benefits of it . 
  i 've read your comment twice . 
  i ca n't find the alternative you offer . 
  you talk about alternative , but you do n't offer it . 
  so , what 's your alternative ? 
  and please - no more vague , feelgood points about `` change '' . 
  i want to hear your plan . 
  i want to hear , what would you change and how . 
  imagine , you are the president of the usa or the top decisionmaker ( whoever that would be ) of the eu . 
  what laws would you enact ? 
  how would you enforce them ? 
  how would you achieve `` the fair world '' , how would you `` unrig '' our economic system ? 
  i want your concrete plans for the alternative . 
  it 's easy to be morally enraged about low pay , child labour and awful working conditions in the third world countries . 
  people ( including children ) work days on end without any rights and miserable pay , so that we can have cheap products and that multinational companies can have huge profits . 
  horrible . 
  let 's all make an outraged fb post about it . 
  is n't it awful , that in 2016 people ( including children ) work for a few cents an hour and without any rights ?
