  i say `` a is better than b '' , or `` a is the best !, 
  [ compared to the alternatives ] '' , and you hear `` a never did anything wrong and it is perfect ! '', 
  you may not see russians as part of the western civilization , but they are anyway . 
  even their political system at the time was quintessentially western ( marx was german ) . 
  you go to the other eu member 's consulate , if you need it . 
  if there is already your country 's consulate there , you do n't need it . 
  this has of course more value for the citizens of mickeymouse countries , like slovenia , and less value for the citizens of france or gb . 
  it 's still useful , nevertheless . 
  but there were no killings and genocides before europeans ? 
  do you realize , that genocides happened in africa before the europeans even got there ( see . 
  bantu expansion ) ? 
  sub-saharan africa was once populated mostly by bushman-like people , before the africans from the north migrated south and mostly exterminated them . 
  what did maori do with indigenous people , when they conquered an island ? 
  it is one thing , to claim , that europeans did a lot of horrible things in the rest of the world . 
  they did . 
  but it 's quite another thing to claim , that without europeans africa would be a paradise on earth . 
  people are killing and exterminating each other since the dawn of time . 
  we did n't invent it . 
  i will go even further and say , that the western civilization is the best thing , that ever happened to this world . 
  it 's not perfect by any means . 
  but it 's so much better than anything else , that it 's not even funny . 
  western civilization dominates the world the last 500 years . 
  who put the man into space ( yes , russia is part of western civilization ) ? 
  who put the man on the moon ? 
  who discovered and invented anything and everything in the last 500 years ? 
  cures for diseases , that killed people in droves before ? 
  capitalism ? 
  communism ? 
  both western inventions . 
  cars , planes , computers , steam power , electrics , internal combustion ... go play civilization . 
  the other civilizations call it quits somewhere around seafaring . 
  we are the best . 
  what are they trying to achieve ? 
  do they think , that the news , if they do n't report it , wo n't get to the public ? 
  now , in the age of the internet ? 
  the result of `` non-reporting '' ( or non-accurate reporting ) will be the opposite of what they are trying to achieve . 
  germans will find alternative news sources on the internet , many of which have even worse ( maybe even racist ) agenda and lie even more ( but in the opposite direction ) . 
  by not reporting ( or misreporting ) certain events , they will create an appearance in public , that the truth is really even worse , that it actually is . 
  what will german state do then ? 
  block all the alternative news sources ? 
  block facebook ? 
  forums ? 
  will they employ former stasi officers ? 
  the `` refugees-are-blameless-victims '' agenda of the press and some others will in the long run make it worse for refugees ( and other foreigners ) . 
  as i already wrote that on r/europe ( i was even banned - and then unbanned - for that post ) , we should treat refugees as our equals , as adults , capable of making their own decisions and taking full responsibility for them . 
  the question is simple : would a world be a better place without the west ( europe and later usa ) ? 
  would india , africa , americas and australia be `` paradise on earth '' if europe never existed and if there would be no colonialism and no usa , for example ? 
  it 's a good question , imo . 
  it makes you think . 
  churchill said of americans , that they will do the right thing , once all other options have been exhausted . 
  i hope this will come true for us , europeans . 
  because we are running out of options fast . 
  so we are sure to stumble on a right one eventually . 
   the price for schengen is a realist and self-serving foreign and immigration policy . 
  exactly . 
  i agree with you on every point . 
  but it really gets on my nerves , that people take these things so lightly . 
  we must not take eu and our ( relative , but in historical view immense ) quality of life for granted . 
  all of that can change and it can change fast and for the worse . 
  it would be of a great benefit to us , if reddit existed in europe in the 1905 or in yugoslavia in 1970s . 
  we could read the thoughts of ordinary people and probably discover , that they are not unlike ours now . 
  what would europeans say , if you would tell them in 1905 , that in the next forty years , 16 million people would perish in wwi and another 60-70 million in wwii ? 
  what would yugoslavians say in the seventies , if you would tell them , that in 20 years 140,000 people would die in the yugoslav wars ? 
  i ca n't say for the people in the 1905 , but for yugoslavians i can say , that they would surely laugh . 
  am i terribly exaggerating ? 
  of course . 
  on purpose . 
  i am trying to say , that history is n't over . 
  seventy years of peace in europe ( twenty , if you count yugoslav wars ) and now nothing really bad can happen ever again ? 
  seventy years is awfully short period in historical sense . 
  bad things can happen ( even bloody wars ) . 
  we should actively work , that they do n't . 
  we should also be aware , that sometimes things can become irreversible . 
  schengen can go away forever ( or at least for a very log time ) . 
  eu can go away forever . 
  is that likely ? 
  is it impossible ? 
  also no . 
  i assume , most of you are in your twenties . 
  as such , a lot of you do n't remember a life before european institutions ( eu , coe , schengen ... ) . 
  you take them for granted . 
  the media tells you , how awful they are . 
  when was the last time you had a passport ? 
  you probably take for granted , that you can work and study anywhere in the eu ; that your diploma in recognized anywhere in the eu ; that you can buy things anywhere in the eu and bring them home without being harassed at the border and paying a customs duty ; that you can make and sell a product anywhere in the eu without additional taxes & customs . 
  i find it quite useful , that i can jump in the car right now and go to the fu ** ing berlin , without waiting at the borders and identifying myself to various customs officers . 
  that is of a great value to me . 
  it is a great value to me , that i can go anywhere in the world and tell anybody , that i am a eu citizen and go to any eu member 's embassy to ask for help , if i need it . 
  so , it may be a mistake , that we treat the dismantling of the core european institutions so lightly . 
  that we take them for granted . 
  we may be sorry one day . 
  why would n't they be ? 
  is it shameful to be the best ? 
  but there is of course a fundamental problem of being proud of your country 's famous past . 
  egypt has a more famous past than any of us here ; they were building pyramids there , when our ancestors were still shitting in the woods . 
  but what use is a famous past to the current egyptians ? 
  being surrounded by the great monuments of the past , while you live in a backward state and a crumbling and backward society ? 
  a society , that was last relevant 2.500 years ago ? 
  it must be pretty awful feeling , to see the pyramids every day and be reminded of what a loser you are . 
  no , of course not ( for the sake of argument , i 'll pretend here , that nations are `` real '' and not the invention of the 19th century ) . 
  slovenia is a country of all their citizens , not just slovenians .
