  all of slovenia 's citizens have equal rights and have equal `` claim '' of the country . 
  we ( `` slovenians '' ) are not bound to this land , nobody is . 
  none of us would be here , if our ancestors would n't leave their fatherland and came here . 
  the idea , that every `` nation '' should have their own `` national state '' is deadly , and in historical perspective , completely ridiculous . 
  the invention of nations and nationalism in the 19th century caused more deaths in europe in 20th century , than any ideology before or after it . 
   it 's exactly what faith is : a belief that have the value of a fact . 
  i never thought of it that way . 
  very interesting !, 
   and we can not be sure of anything because we can not even fully trust the means by which we view and conceptualise the world . 
  exactly . 
  so , in theory , how can i be sure , that you exist ? 
  that anyone and anything besides me exist ? 
  what if , when i turn around , the world behind me disappears ? 
  what if all this is just some advanced first person computer game , and only i , the player , exist ? 
  no , but i listened to 90 's techno on youtube , when i got home . 
  i do strange things , when i 'm drunk . 
  btw , did anyone else know , that the guy from that `` eins , zwei , polizei '' song died ? 
  as far as creation of new countries and constitutions go , we have a lot of experiences with that here . 
  i personally lived through two constitutions ( three even ; in yugoslavia , federation had its own constitution and republics had their own ) , two countries and four currencies ( dinar , intermediate currency , tolar nad now euro ) . 
  my grandmother was born in kingdom of yugoslavia , which then became german territory in 1941 , which then became flrj in 1945 and then sfrj in 1963 . 
  and then republic of slovenia in 1991 . 
  i do n't know , how many constitutions is that , but just yugoslavia had four . 
  and let 's not start about currencies . 
  and if the above scenario happens , it really does n't matter , it we had the kaiser or not ( i am all for it , but only if he had the franz-josef mustache ) . 
  the national identities are also not important ; the purpose of the country ( state ) is , that it benefits individuals , not nations ( that is a pretty complex issue , though ) . 
  i was pretty drunk last friday ( hopefully again today ) and i started to think : what if all this is n't real ? 
  what if we are all just in one big computer simulation ? 
  so there is no god , just programmer , who created us ? 
  maybe he wrote a program and left it to run overnight . 
  and in that time , we evolved ( time runs much faster in simulation ) . 
  and when he wakes up , he 'll turn off the whole thing ( electricity is expensive ) and we 'll be no more . 
  but that theory does n't really solve the question of creator , does it ? 
  it just shifts it one level up . 
  if programmer created us , who created the programmer ? 
  it is really a lot for a drunk man to handle . 
  i should n't have that last beer . 
  i actually said that , half-jokingly , about a year or two ago . 
  on some local internet forum . 
  a lot of people agreed . 
  i do n't know if jokingly or not . 
  probably even better idea : austria + slovenia + visegrad group - poland ( too big ) . 
  and ok , + croatia , because sea & coast & severina . 
  that could actually happen in the future , if eu collapses . 
  i could , of course . 
  but my degree ( law ) ends at slovenian border , unfortunately . 
  at least in practice ( to practice law in austria , you need austrian bar exam - i shamefully do n't even know , what austrian bar exam is called , and i 'm too lazy to google it - and an excellent knowledge of german language . 
  i have neither . ), 
  but i intend to visit vienna this summer . 
  i did n't so far , because i was afraid , it would be too expensive - according to an old slovenian proverb about vienna . 
  everytime i go across the northern border , i get a little sad . 
  nice roads , sensible speed limits , general cleanliness ... you could eat off the floor in bad radkersburg . 
  you see , austrians fix roads , they do n't just put a traffic sign 50 ( or 40 , or 30 ... ) , so the state can rid itself of responsibility if an accident happen , like we do it here ( and in croatia , and italy ... ) . 
  and by `` road fixing '' , i do n't mean , that they put a patch of asphalt in a hole , like they do here , no , they actually put on a new asphalt , not just patch the old one indefinitely . 
  they have bicycle lanes , that actually make sense , nor like here , where the bike lane suddenly stops with no apparent reason ( = they ran out of money ) . 
  the houses are nice , with nice facades , nice grass and well kept gardens in front of them . 
  austrians drive cars , that are clean and well looked after . 
  if you see an old dirty clunker , you can bet , it does n't have an austrian plate . 
  the austrian police drive appropriate cars , not 15 year old astras with chinese tires . 
  so , i get a little sad , when i get to austria . 
  because i am reminded , what a normal country should look like . 
  here 's my idea for an ad : camera shows beautiful scenery , happy people . 
  `` europe . 
  beautiful nature . 
  vibrant cities . 
  incredible culture . 
  museums . 
  great standard of living !, 
  we have it all !, 
  and the best part is : you ca n't come !, 
  so come on down to europe now !, 
  but do n't plan on getting past the border !, 
  so much to do in europe , but you ca n't come !, 
  ( especially you , stan and kyle ) '' http://southpark.cc.com/full-episodes/s05e06-cartmanland, 
  that hit close to home . 
  my grandfather was a bosnian serb . 
  he came to slovenia in the fifties . 
  but than again , he never went back . 
  he lived his whole life in slovenia . 
  and he never learned slovenian . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  oh , come on !, 
  there are plenty of jokes about us . 
  in yugoslavia we were kinda orderly , punctual and germanic , and now we are small ( chinese and slovenian president meet . 
  `` how many slovenians are there ? 
  '' , asks the chinese . 
  `` about two million . 
  '' , slovenian president answers . 
  `` and in which hotel will you be staying ? 
  '' , asks the chinese . ), 
  well , i was 13 y.o. , when yugoslavia went belly up , so i do n't know for sure , but we definitely considered them as one of the six nations in yugoslavia . 
  the constitutional system was very complicated . 
  there were six nations ( `` narodi '' ) in yugoslavia - serbian , croatians , slovenians , muslims , montenegrins and macedonians . 
  beside those there were nationalities ( `` narodnosti '' ) , which were all the others - yugoslavians , albanians , hungarians , bulgarians ... 
  so macedonians were definitely considered a nation in yugoslavia . 
  afaik , that began after they became independent . 
  in sfrj they were equal to the other five republics/nations . 
  they had their own torch in the yugoslavian emblem and everything . 
  yeah , we 're making fun of them , and they are n't even here ( i see no montenegrin flags ) . 
  kinda cruel .
