  was n't 100 + million victims in 20th century enough ? 
  dear croatia !, 
  you are beautiful and people are friendly . 
  anyway , see you again in july/august . 
  like walking dead . 
  but here , not in georgia . 
  i , of course , intend to live that long . 
  when the walkers come , i 'll probably escape to some nice croatian island ( the one with nicest beaches and biking paths ) and rule my trusty band of followers like a king . 
  it would be sad for a uk to leave the eu . 
  there would be negative consequences for the uk and for the continent . 
  we need anglo-saxon way of doing things to balance out the continental way of doing things . 
  otherwise we 'll get lost in rampant legal positivism , in hyper-production of laws and regulations , without common sense for all it to stand on . 
  i like to think , there are ( at least ) two ways of doing things . 
  let 's imagine , you have a grassy courtyard in the midst of various buildings . 
  you want to create paths on it for the people to walk on from building to building : 1 . 
  you create paths beforehand , you put up little fences and signs `` do not walk on grass ! '', 
  that is `` continental way of doing things '' . 
  you allow the people to walk wherever they want , until the paths begin to show in grass . 
  then you put some white sand on it . 
  that is `` anglo-saxon '' way of doing things '' . 
  which is better ? 
  depends . 
  but it is useful to have more ways of doing things and more ways of thinking . 
  i remember croatian beaches in the late eighties . 
  about 80 % of women were topless . 
  great times . 
  now , it 's awful . 
  on a half-hour stroll through the beaches of split , i saw 1 ( one ) pair of bare boobies !, 
  it 's a worrying regression . 
  so , women , just take it off . 
  make your contribution to the beauty and attractiveness of european beaches !, 
  see , i do n't know much about ni conflict ( i just wikipedia 'd it , and it was apparently called `` the troubles '' ) . 
  but for me , it is the proof , that something can be done . 
  that conflicts can end , even the long lasting ones ( think palestine , kurdsitan , kashmir ... ) . 
  the hatred can end . 
  so ni is an uplifting example for me . 
  and ( now hated in uk , as i hear ) tony blair had a lot to do with and ending of ni conflict , afaik . 
  but then again , i really do n't know much about ni , so my information can be faulty . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ua1wb-fovq does anybody have the full video ? 
  does it even exist ? 
  yes . 
  but as i am reading the posts here , it seems that a lot of people are misunderstanding the sentence you quoted . 
  a lot of people seem to think ( or maybe i understand them wrong , i do n't know ) , that age of consent is like the beginning of duck season ( or maybe rabbit season ) : free for all . 
  once someone is xx years old , you can freely sleep with them . 
  but you see , you ca n't . 
  you need permission ( consent ) . 
  it 's an obvious thing . 
  the aoc laws are forbidding the people of certain ages to give consent ; or better yet , their consent is invalid . 
  first , disclaimer ( including for my earlier posts here ) : i do not condone , advocate , apologize or rationalize sex ( or other sexual acts ) with underage people , where one party exploits the youth and subsequent lack of experience , trustfulness , naivety ... of the other . 
  sex without consent is rape . 
  here we are , of course , talking exclusively about cases , where consent was given . 
  the issue here is , at what age is a person capable of giving consent or at which age the society ( and lawmaker ) thinks , the person is able to give consent ( or if s/he is able to give consent at all ; think mental illness - of course in our society we do not like to talk/think about sex , that happens among mentally disabled . 
  but that does not mean , it does n't . ) . 
  now to answer your post : i said , that someone , that is attracted to a well-developed 14 y.o. 
  is not a pedophile , i meant exactly that . 
  i did not mean , that is ok to take advantage of that 14 y.o. , i was merely stating a fact : a pedophile is a person , that is sexually attracted to children . 
  if a grown man takes advantage of a 14 y.o. , that is not ok and may be a criminal offence ; but that does not mean , he is a pedophile . 
  i was stating a clinical fact , definition of pedophilia . 
  see wikipedia for more information . 
  as a continental lawyer i always admired common sense of your law system . 
  here on continent ( well , at least in slovenia ) `` hyperproduction of laws '' and `` following the letter of the law , no mater the ( absurd ) results '' , rules . 
   you are breaking the law if you have sex with the person , not if you are attracted . 
  exactly . 
  i was typing too fast , 
  it used to be 14 in slovenia about a decade ago . 
  now it 's 15 . 
  most people do n't understand age of consent ( aoc ) concept . 
  it has very little to do with pedophilia . 
  aoc is a legal term , while pedophilia is psychiatric ( psychological ? ), 
  one . 
  if someone has sex with a ( let 's say ) 14 year old , he ( or she ) is not necessarily a pedophile . 
  pedophiles are attracted to prepubescent people , that is children . 
  if you are attracted to a well developed 14 year old ( the kind , that does not look like a child , but a woman ) , you are not a pedophile , but you are breaking the law , if the aoc in your country is above 14 . 
  secondly , the aoc is not protecting those , that are below that age , it is obstructing them . 
  they are basically not allowed to have sex with anybody they choose . 
  so , the aoc law is simply setting the age , at which the people are seen as fit to make their own decision , who to have sex with ( or have sex at all ) . 
  what is the correct age , at which you can trust and individual , that s/he 'll make the right decision and will not be taken advantage of ( or be allowed to make their own mistakes ) ? 
  nobody knows . 
  because people are different and they mature at different ages . 
  hence different aoc 's in different countries . 
  it varies from about 12 ( 9 in some countries , afaik ) to 18 . 
  as far as i am concerned , 12 is probably too soon . 
  18 is probably ridiculous . 
  also , common sense should be used . 
  you wo n't send a 16 years old to jail , because he had sex with his 14 year old girlfriend ( or 18 year old , because he had sex with his 17 year old girlfriend ) . 
  ca n't watch ( listen to ) them . 
  seriously . 
  when i was younger ( in the nineties ) and without internet , slovenian tv was pretty shitty ( although better than today , but thankfully , i do n't watch tv anymore ) , but we had a bazillion german tv channels on cable ( rtl , zdf , pro7 ... ) , running great ( and new ! ), 
  movies every night . 
  just flipping the channels , you could find terminator , die hard , pulp fiction ... also shows ; friends , seinfeld ... `` nema da nema '' , serbs would say . 
  but i could n't watch them . 
  i could n't stomach bruce willis speaking german . 
  or ross and rachel having a german conversation . 
  just no . 
  just what kind of empty , sad life you must lead , if you never heard arnie said `` i 'll be back ? '', 
  never heard captain picard said `` engage ! '', 
  or `` make it so ? '', 
  never heard `` i believe in america '' monologue in godfather ? 
  dubbing is making people stupid . 
  we have a little of miscommunication here .
