  true . 
  but what 's the alternative ? 
  pay people more ? 
  force international companies , to pay these people more ? 
  to not employ children ? 
  but is n't cheap labour the only comparative advantage of these countries ? 
  business goes to these countries because of cheap labour and lax ( or non-existent ) labour laws . 
  take that away , and they will go away . 
  is having great laws and labour rights worth it , if you 'll die of hunger then ? 
  is it better for a child to work in horrible conditions or to not work and die of hunger ? 
  neither , the morally outraged westerners say !, 
  he should n't have to work , should have a normal childhood and have enough food and everything he needs . 
  but that 's not on the table . 
  that alternative does n't exist . 
  it 's either work and ( usually ) live , or not to work and ( probably ) die . 
  the world is a cruel place and it has always been a cruel place . 
  we ( in the west ) have just forgotten that , because of the last 70 years of unparalleled peace & prosperity ( in the west ) . 
  let me outrage you even more . 
  it is good that people have work , even if it 's in horrible conditions and for miserable pay . 
  people will work , spend money , the wages will eventually go up , and the standard of living will go up . 
  these countries will be better of in 50 years , than they are today . 
  or to put in another way . 
  to end these working practices ( miserable working conditions , child labour , low wages ... ) now , is to take away these countries 's and people 's only comparative advantage in the world 's capitalism . 
  it would mean holding these countries in perpetual poverty . 
  this is one of the stupidest ( if not the stupidest ) disputes in europe . 
  who cares , what macedonians call themselves ? 
  they can call themselves `` mordor '' or `` seven kingdoms '' , for all i care . 
  they can call the country `` balkan finland '' , and i would n't lose any sleep . 
  what is even the problem ? 
  people living in macedonia are south slavs , bulgarians , basically . 
  they have nothing to do with historical macedonia and alexander the great . 
  just like new yorkers have nothing to do with york and inhabitants of york ( yorkers ? ) . 
  and you do n't see them denouncing new yorkers . 
  what it boils down to , is greeks having low self-esteem . 
  `` oh my god , they 're stealing our history !, 
  people will think that to\u0161e proeski is the descendant of alexander the great ! '', 
  greeks should deal more with the present and the future , and less with the past and history . 
  my deepest condolences . 
  there is no excuse for killing civilians . 
  that is pretty hard question for slovenia . 
  and there can be numerous answers . 
  i 'd say croatia . 
  we had our differences in the past 20 years , but i believe they were ( and still are ) artificially manufactured by certain politicians for cheap voter points . 
  somebody correct me if i 'm wrong , but i heard somewhere , that last summer of all the tourists in croatia 1/3 were slovenians . 
  personally , i was in a small istrian village in the summer , and it was quite hard to find non-slovenian in it . 
  if slovenia and croatia were to join ( not gon na happen ) , that would n't be that hard ; we shared countries before and legal systems are almost the same . 
  serbia . 
  some say , that we have special bond with serbs . 
  certainly in yugoslavia we had better relations with serbs than with croats . 
  at least until the eighties . 
  we share common history . 
  they are rich . 
  i would n't mind joining and get 3000 eur neto monthly salary . 
  i 'd have a house on the woerthersee . 
  austrians are rich , man . 
  ... ok , where was i ? 
  i was there and it felt like home . 
  bratislava seemed a lot like ljubljana to me . 
  somebody already wrote some slovenian ones , so here 's some serbian ones : - seljaka iz sela lako , selo iz seljaka nikako . 
  -  it 's easy to remove a peasant out of a village , but you ca n't remove a village out of a peasant . 
  ( my favourite ) -  what dick ?!, 
  roughly translates as `` wtf ?! '', 
  - kurac od ovce . 
  -  sheep 's dick . 
  this one might be croatian . 
  -  to play to a dick . 
  -  useless activity . 
  i believe , even most serbs do n't know , where does this one come from . 
  i read a theory somewhere , which i believe is correct . 
  `` snake charming '' is the activity , where you play an instrument to charm the snake , so the snake stands up upwards . 
  playing to a dick to make it `` stand up '' , like the snake charmer , does n't work and is therefore useless activity . 
  serbia also built a bus station : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rt41wos3vk local municipality has promised and delivered the station . 
  the deadlines were respected . 
  another promise kept . 
  i like the english . 
  they have a great sense of humour , and they do n't take themselves too seriously . 
  i like that . 
  but the name for the people is awful . 
  `` the english '' . 
  i mean , is that the people or the language ? 
  noun or adjective ? 
  i mean , `` the english '' ? 
  for example , `` scots '' or `` brits '' sounds great . 
  `` i 'm a scott ! '', 
  `` the scots are coming ! '', 
  `` the brits are drunk again ! '', 
  sounds great !, 
  but `` the english '' ? 
  awful . 
  why not `` englos '' ? 
  `` angles '' ? 
  our goal should be europa . 
  it 's rightfully ours . 
  if you go to foreign country to work , you have a job and you do n't need welfare . 
  if you work there for a long time and pay taxes in foreign country , you should receive welfare there . 
  you paid for it . 
  if you go to foreign county and ca n't get a job , go back to where you came from ( and payed taxes ) and get a welfare there . 
  if you did n't work in your own country and you do n't work in a foreign country , and you are healthy and able to work , but choose not to and live on a welfare , then go fuck yourself and die . 
  nobody , and i mean nobody , not german , not romanian , not slovenian , not british ... taxpayer has a duty to take care of you , if you contribute nothing to society and you want to live on assets you did n't earn . 
  no society and no state owes nothing to you , if you are an adult and able to work .
