  trdeln\u00edk / k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trdeln%c3%adk https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c3%bcrt%c5%91skal%c3%a1cs, 
  that is great !, 
  i just hope , some of their best and brightest are moving here , too . 
  we 'll need them , if they decide to stay and work here . 
  but even if they do n't , americans , educated in europe , will consider europe a part of their `` sphere '' and will strengthen the ties between europe and usa , and hopefully prevent the americans , to leave europe behind and turn completely to asia . 
  if it were up to me , i 'd offer every young american ( under the age of 25 ) free train ticket for the whole eu . 
  come here as young man/women . 
  see europe . 
  you 'll never forget it . 
  you 'll be back again in 10-20 years for old memories . 
  you 'll be rich ( er ) by then and you 'll spend so much money here as a tourist , that those free tickets would pay for themselves tenfold . 
  edit : actually , i 'd offer those free tickets to young europeans , too . 
  thanks for civilized discussion . 
  just one more thing , not related to your answer : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_regarding_incest#europe here are laws in europe regarding incest . 
  slovenia 's entry is wrong , btw ; article 195 kz-1 only criminalizes incestual sexual acts with persons , that are under 18 ( minors ) . 
  a contrario , incestual sexual acts between consenting adults are legal . 
  please refrain from such insults . 
  i am not a leftist . 
   you seem to focused on the healthissues and ignoring the abuse-part . 
  what abuse ? 
  oh , this one :  the second issue is the fact that a child is dependent on the parent which risks twisting the consent because they are n't two equal parts . 
  i talked about two consenting adults . 
  adult is somebody , that is ( generally ) over 18 . 
  person over 18 is not a child . 
  it is not dependent on a parent . 
  and even if that was the case : slovenian criminal law ( it is probably similar in sweden ) states , that it is a criminal act , if anyone abuses his statue ( power ) over others for sexual acts with person ( s ) , that are dependent of him or are his subordinates . 
  for example : teacher , parent , priest , adoptee ... 
  so , the abuse part is already covered . 
  i agree , that if someone abuses his or hers power/dependability over someone , so that they have sex with them , that should be a criminal offence . 
  incest or not . 
  btw : incest between two consenting adults is not a criminal act in slovenia . 
  one of the involved must be under 18 , for it to become a criminal act . 
  what if they use protection ? 
  what if they can not have children ? 
  edit : what about gays ? 
  two brothers having sex can not result in pregnancy . 
  should we also forbade sex with stupid people ( because children may also be stupid ) ? 
  how about people that carry serious risk , that children will not be healthy ? 
  how about people with hereditary diseases ? 
  animals are also not people . 
  they do not have human rights . 
  they have rights ( most legal systems recognize their right not to be tortured ) , but they are lesser then human rights . 
  after all , do the people that breed horses , ask for a consent of female horse ? 
  it boggles the mind , that people are more bothered with someone having sex with the cow ( does the cow even notice it ? 
  ) , than with industrial slaughter of cows , pigs , chickens ... 
  sex between two consenting adults should , of course , be legal . 
  why not , exactly ? 
  but i do n't think , there is a real problem here . 
  i , as a liberal think , that the state should not involve in people 's sex lives , if they are both adult and consenting ( and are able to give consent ) . 
  but is there really a problem here ? 
  sex among close relatives is rare , because most people do not want to have sex with their parents/children/siblings . 
  and for those that do that , the fear of legal repercussions is probably the least of their problems . 
  imagine other people knowing , that you are having sex with your sister/mother . 
  necrophilia : the desecration of the body is the problem here . 
  people 's personal rights and dignity should be protected by law even after they die . 
  i know , i am a minority here . 
  i think , that even sex with animals should be legal , as long as it does n't hurt/torture said animal . 
  after all , not a lot of people are bothered with treatment of cows in the slaughterhouses . 
  from a cow 's perspective , sex with a man is probably preferable to slaughter . 
  law is not morality . 
  it is based on morality to a certain extent , but it 's not the same . 
  if something is immoral , it does not necessary mean , it should be illegal ( hopefully not the other way around should be the case ) . 
  what is the purpose of law ? 
  one person 's freedom/rights end , where the other 's person 's freedom/rights begin . 
  my freedom to play the drums at night interferes with the right of my neighbors to peace and quiet . 
  my right to shoot a gun at you interferes with your right to life . 
  my right to do with my car as i please interferes with the rights of a person , that bought that car from me . 
  my right to not return the money to john , interferes with his right to get the borrowed money back from me . 
  and so on . 
  one person 's right is another person 's duty to do/not do something . 
  so , the purpose of the law is , that when two ( ore more ) freedoms/rights clash , the law decides , which right should prevail . 
  that is the sole purpose of the law . 
  its purpose is not to `` fix '' society , to make it `` moral '' . 
  that can be its effect , but never its purpose . 
  if two consenting relatives are having sex , there is no clash of rights . 
  the law should keep out of it . 
  pokol is slaughter in slovenian, 
  the example is : `` she watched the boys skating on ice . '', 
  the uk . 
  i just read the book about the conquest of britain , and i want to go to where the battle of hastings was fought . 
  just to stand there and breathe in history . 
  i love history . 
  i know slovenia better , of course  i was in bratislava on new years eve 2014/2015 , and bratislava really seemed similar to ljubljana to me . 
  it has a similar `` vibe '' . 
  and fireworks were much better , than in ljubljana . 
  that is not true . 
  we gained prekmurje from hungary after wwi . 
  it is of course debatable , who did prekmurje belong to `` at the beginning '' ( when the earth was formed  ) , but that debate is pointless . 
  i , for example , was quite surprised , how many hungarians are there in lendava . 
  if you go to the store and say nothing , you 'll probably get `` j\u00f3 napot '' from the employees . 
  but , of course , everybody in ( continental ) europe thinks , that a horrible injustice was done to them , land-wise . 
  it is because of our nationalistic school systems , that only present half-truths . 
  so pupils in trieste , ljubljana and graz hear exact opposite things at relevant history lessons . 
  and just to add to that . 
  we never lost trieste , because it was never ours . 
  never in history trieste had slovenian majority . 
  we `` lost '' part of carinthia to austria in 1920 through referendum ; carinthians themselves decided , in which country they want to live . 
  what a mistake on their part !, 
  those poor sods with their 3.000 eur salaries . 
  it 's really time to bury nationalism .
