clearly . 
   but my all-time favorite is a good ol' earl grey that 's because its british  nah , i was only joking , finnish tea is just different to british tea and is almost certainly different to iraqi tea . 
  from the uk , finland does have quite shit tea i think . 
  however they do n't even mention sauna so i do n't even know what the fuck is going on with them . 
  he 's not going to be around by 2020 , no fucking chance . 
  if he played it safe and towed the part line by being all moderate he might have made it but as it stands , he 's going to dig himself into a hole . 
  remember its still 4.5 years till the next election . 
  haha , ah yes , there 's always a level of money ... 
   even thought i might be rubbing my hands togther thing is its not really useful money is it ? 
  well only if you want to move somewhere that has not been rising so rapidly or if you die . 
  given how house prices have been shooting up everywhere the most likely is the latter . 
  your kids will appreciate it when you 're gone . 
  or , `` it 's shittiest , until someone else says it shit , and then they 're the shittiest '', 
  nice . 
  also the conductor is like a more spirited vladimir putin . 
  i do n't think this would really be a bad thing to be honest . 
  i mean , 1 nuke at france ... no great loss  all out nuclear war ... we 're all fucked . 
  i could see some benefit in working together more and being tactical about what , but ultimately i think each country should maintain control of its own armed forces . 
  hmm , maybe , but they 're never going to be used anyway . 
  it 's unlikely that any of the countries in the eu would ever fire a nuke offensively . 
  so the only reason to have one is if one is launched at us , in which case i do n't think it would be an issue , it would be cheap . 
  as a british person who 's pro eu i 'm not really sure what the point of an eu army would be . 
  the uk has very different defence requirements to the rest of the eu , what with being an island , i know that 's not the primary use of armies these days , its more for bombing brown people but even so ... 
  i 'd be in favour of some eu nukes though . 
  iso made an error whereby they were officially classifying wales as a principality and it took them years to correct it , which they only did , in 2011 . 
  given that they keep track of all the countries in the world and are really the only non-political source of info on these matters it was quite a big deal , you can google it . 
  it was a bit of a joke about that . 
  i agree , take your issue up with the [ iso ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iso_3166-2:gb#countries_and_province ) ( it was a bit of a joke to be honest , i know its a country - its just iso are the people who are supposed to define countries and they got it wrong ), 
  they 've actually only been a country since 2011 , before that they were only a principality . 
  that 's interesting , in the uk they 're about the same price . 
  think honda is slightly cheaper at the top end of the market and slightly more expensive at the bottom , but there 's always about # 1k in it . 
  wonder if being rhd in japan makes a difference ... 
  this is true !, 
  sounds cool , nah , i was working as a contractor for a few years , was offered a permanent job but decided for a variety of reasons to move back to the uk . 
  i used to drive a honda civic !, 
  not the dream to be honest , if i had stayed then i would have got something more ... um ... american i bought the civic as soon as i landed did n't know anything about cars in the us so wanted something i knew reasonably well . 
  now i have an evo 8 , a late bay vw camper and the yaris . 
  quite a nice selection . 
  nice !, 
  i love late 60s/early 70s american cars . 
  at one point my dream car was a 69 fastback mustang ... then i moved back to the uk from california and changed my expectations somewhat !, 
  yeah , i cycle to work so its literally just shopping and leisure ( although i do go on quite a lot of very long ( by most standards ) road trips - like i drove to athens and back last summer which is 32 hours each way ) . 
  but the main reason for the really low milage is six years ago i got a second car , and two years ago i got a third , so its really not used a huge amount now , just for city driving really when its smallness is useful also the insurance on it old enough that anyone can drive it ( something which is now pretty rare in the uk ) so i lend it out to friends a lot . 
  some of the fast toyotas are pretty ace , i moved from a little yaris t-sport ( which i still have and is really good fun ) to an evo viii , which was obviously better than the yaris , but i sold it to get an m3 e46 , and honestly , it was one of the worst choices of my life , should have kept with the evo . 
  but yes , ford and seat are good so , i do agree with you . 
  yeah , i saw that as i was looking through the car builder , 1.0 l , only in manual , my knowledge of the us car market tells me that 's a risky move , having said that , i have several american friends who will jump at the chance to get that . 
  the uk fiesta does n't have any automatic options ( driving an automatic in the uk roughly the equivalent of riding a bike with stabilisers/training wheels or writing with a crayon - its impossible to be cool and your friends will laugh at you endlessly , so that 's not too surprising that 's there 's no automatic ) but it does have a couple of semi-auto options which interestingly are only available on the 1l and 1.6 l ( not the 1.25 l which is the standard uk size ) , and those are the two engines you can get in the us , so i do n't know if that 's something that 's popular in the uk and they 're trying to introduce to the us or vice versa , it is increasingly popular in the uk though , but usually only in large cars . 
  i would n't dismiss any of the japanese cars ( nissan , toyota , honda are all roughly the same price as ford , hyundai are even cheaper ) i do n't know what it is about japanese cars but they just [ never seem to break ] ( http://www.autoexpress.co.uk/best-cars/driver-power/64280/most-reliable-cars ) . 
  i 'm not being nationalistic , its hard to be when you 're british , there are no british car companies except supercars ... which are somewhat out of my price range ( oh and landrover ) . 
  so maybe you can answer my question why do they only sell the big engines in the us ( or at least generally the base engine is larger than then largest engine you can get in europe ) ? 
  why do those engines get lower mpg ( taking into account different sized gallons ) and why are they no more powerful ? 
  i know the cars are cheaper in the us . 
  so i assumed ( it would appear wrongly ) that it was because they use cheaper engines . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in order to get more power from an engine while maintaining efficiency it needs to built with much higher tolerances with much more expensive/complicated turbos . 
  if you have a small engine well set up then you can get both power when you need it and efficiency when you do n't . 
  if you just have a big ( ger ) 1.6 l then you get the power but at the expense of efficiency . 
  but also its cheaper . 
  so basically ford usa are making cheap cars with big dirty engines where as ford eu are making more expensive cars with small clean engines . 
  its just a nice example of how the same company are placing themselves differently in different markets . 
  if they put the us engine in the uk car , no one would buy it , even if it was cheaper , because you 'd end up paying it all back on fuel in the first couple of years anyway . 
  ford europe is almost entirely separate to the us btw , even when the models are the same the engines are different . 
  the fiesta for instance comes with a 1.6 l petrol in the us , but in the uk its a 1l petrol or a 1.5 l diesel . 
  the interesting thing is that the uk engines delivery the same bhp as the us engines , despite being much smaller and more efficient . 
  the car is cheaper in the us though ... i think they 're aiming at a different kind of market . 
  i 've had a toyota yaris for 10 years , 60k miles , still ( touch wood ) nothing wrong with it except expected wear and tear ( tyres , brake pads/rotors etc ) . 
  i think i will need a new clutch soon though , but that 's to be expected . 
  i kind of want to sell it , but also i really want to know how long it will keep going before something breaks !, 
  but fords are great !, 
  they illuminate the sky so well !, 
  it pretty much has to be a desert to be honest , you need very low humidity to be able to see something close to the photos . 
  its not to do with light pollution , without light pollution you still ca n't get to long exposure like displays if the other conditions are n't right , the main thing is low atmospheric humidity , this is what basically wipes out all of europe and the mid latitudes , even if you have perfectly clear skies and no light pollution it still wo n't be perfect , you also need somewhere dry . 
  sure you can make out the milky way , but you wo n't get all the definition . 
   greece can simply pay what it owes greece will * never * pay this back , their will be another huge war or a european revolution or something before its repaid , i mean we 're talking hundred and hundreds of years . 
  ~ ~ the iron bank ~ ~ imf has only been around for 69 years . 
  they will be gone before greece pays this one off . 
  oh yes , i 've seen them in the british museum ( aka the hall of stolen treasures ) . 
  they are lovely . 
  do n't worry , they 're being well looked after , 
  yeah , to be honest i 've never been on any holiday that is even remotely like that or to one of the places where people go to be like that so that did n't really occur to me . 
  but now i think about it , based on what i see on tv i see how we could piss off an entire country . 
  yeah , wtf , why does greece hate us ? 
  we 're like their anti eu brothers !, 
  i 'm predicting it now . 
  next election , more or less exactly the same result as this election . 
  when i was 17 the landlord at my local used to serve me , he knew my family and knew i was under age and would always make jokey comments about it and let us run a tab for the whole summer holiday , i doubt that would happen nowadays, 
  you know it did n't used to be like this ? 
  when i was 16 to about 20 i had n't been id 'd once , then they changed the law so that the person who serves the underage kid alcohol is the one that pays the fine rather than the company they work for ( which is how it used to be ) and then all the shops brought in challenge 21/25/30 / 50 basically to cover the fact that the people behind the counters were getting trigger happy on the iding to cover their backs . 
  now i 'm 35 and i get id 'd more than 50 % of the time , its insane , honestly , i fucking hate it . 
  every time i buy a beer i have to put up with some fucking loser behind the counter making so jokey fucking comment about how young i look ... 
  i agree , more hops is not always a good thing , you need to use that stuff carefully . 
  i know nothing about him except that reddit bloody loves him , so i 'm guessing he 's a huge atheist which probably means i like him as much as dawkins or the pope or any other evangelist which is not a lot . 
  edit :  when asked if he is an atheist , chomsky replied , `` what is it that i 'm supposed to not believe in ? 
  until you can answer that question i ca n't tell you whether i 'm an atheist actually i take that back , he seems interesting and not like dawkins at all . 
  well most white american bread has sugar in it . 
  even your unsweetened normal bread is sweeter than normal european bread . 
  however , yeah , people generalise . 
  i know a tonne of adults who eat `` kids '' peanut butter . 
  i think they 're just different types of peanut butter ... also , germany has lots of different types of bread ... maybe you are thinking of dark rye bread or pumpernickel . 
  saying you do n't like german bread because of pumpernickel is like saying you do n't like american bread because you do n't like bagels ...
