  this needs to get higher, 
  lets fix that * rolls up sleeves *, 
  interesting decrease in spain . 
  probably because no one is driving there anymore, 
  this is the impression i was having , with france , spain and others directly opposing any sanctions . 
  there might have been some backroom discussions resulting in what seems like a bit less aggressive rhetoric today http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26433309, 
  no one watches rt in russia , this does not matter, 
  our defence minister made statement that he can not imagine scenario that russian companies would participate on building new blocks of temelin ( nuclear plant , since few years the biggest and most strategic tender here ) . 
  which is nice and if others do the same there will be significant impact on their economy . 
  on the other hand , if the impact is hard enough , it is entirely possible that they would `` use force to protect their economic interests from unfair discrimination '' and re-colonize some other neighbours . 
  and speaking of neighbours , there is an old joke here : `` do you know the countries that russia is neighbour with ? '', 
  `` russia is neighbour with whomever it wants '', 
  good job estonia, 
  even if eu is not doing so great now , we must not leave the ukrainian people even after this battle is won and help them . 
  they need economic support and we need stable and friendly partner at the russian border . 
  every investment in this will pay off . 
  you 're right , i might have gotten the phrasing incorrectly . 
  it is in fact about being able to have the conversation * in * slovak , not * with someone speaking * slovak . 
  but honestly , that might be little exceptional situation , since the two languages are bit of `` victims of uncanny valley '' . 
  it might be better to speak own mother language ( in its high form ) then trying to speak the other if not mastered very well . 
  edit : czech/slovak people also might be more critical towards their ability to speak the other language although they would , even just pretending , probably speak better slovak/czech than say german learning the language . 
  as for the question of dialects , leaving normative and political views aside , the languages ' lexical similarity is likely to be above the 85 % threshold for being able to be considered technically dialects of the same language ( like french and italian or spanish and portuguese ) . 
  i could not find any studies , though . 
  wtf , 16 % of people think they could have conversation in slovak ? 
  like , 86 % think they could not ? 
  where did they pull the numbers from ? 
  to liken it , czech and slovak speaking with each is other close to someone from hamburg and munich or brighton and edinburgh having a conversation, 
  i wonder how the uk law handles that topic , but this could be a brilliant bombshell . 
  let me post [ prauge ] ( http://www.mytripolog.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/charles-bridge-prague-city-lights-and-skyline-at-night.jpg ) and a [ little ] ( http://www.prague.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/prague-skyline.jpg ) [ more ] ( http://worldinbetween.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/1206_praha_110-copy.jpg?w=652&amp;h=274 ), 
   i like to think politicians are really people with consciences who do n't all ( there 's exceptions to every rule ) go around cheating the system where ever it benefits them . 
  i , on the other hand like to think it is the very reason why they chose to pursue a career in politics . 
  i also think that what you believe is , although likeable , dangerously naive and contrary to lot of basic economical and game theories . 
  i firmly believe politicians , regardless their efficiency , act according to a certain agenda . 
  what the agenda is , is the question . 
  also , there might be someone managing the agenda for them , it would be naive that this is the one instance where the politics are not under commercial influence . 
  btw , what would the leak be ? 
  it 's not like this kind of stuff gets circulated in powerpoints . 
  i would be surprised if any kind of big picture would be openly discussed even verbally . 
  do you imply the us does not have strong tradition of democracy ? 
  thanks for the post . 
  i am wondering if the recovery could have been smoother if there was a will for it , though . 
  not all policies are made by ecb or central banks . 
   the trend for bodies with significant devolution of powers ( like the us , eu , uk , all the historical forms of what is now germany ) is to take greater powers for themselves when the situation demands . 
  but is that a bad thing ? 
  yeah , who needs human rights , right ? 
  seriously , are you implying that when people get used to their now reduced liberties and do not `` ask for them back '' ( how ? 
  is one enough , or a riot or more counts ? ), 
  it was for their benefit ? 
  remember , we are not talking power over life and death . 
  so , power over eg . 
  some stupid water treatment plant for 4 years would be more compelling than nice and cosy executive salary for retirement there ? 
  one thing they crave more than power and money is a lot of money . 
  and the privatisers of the public utilities might have some very nicely paid positions in the privatised boardrooms when the polls are no longer favourable and probably also something hush-hush before that, 
  he does not appear that way to me, 
  libor scandal rings a bell ? 
  any guess how much did it cost you personaly ? 
  banks are indeed needed for the current economy model ( not implying other models would be superior ) but their behaviour and the rules they set-up for themselves are harmful . 
  being from the czech republic , i can easily relate to both east and west . 
  so , leaving things like cleaner streets , driving above the limit or pindasauce on meat out , i think only a visit to istanbul brought few situations reminding a minor cultural shock . 
  i havent been to balkans south or east of dubrovnik , though . 
  edit : i just realised that the biggest culture shock for me is always when i return home and interact with service staff . 
  the unhelpfulness , attitudes and general unfriendliness of many waiters and cashiers is unparalleled . 
  how could i have forgotten those nice football cheering guys, 
  i had to look it up and no , not really . 
  maybe in some really bad parts of cities you find some , but staple clothing of tharshy people would be either punk , ghetto hip-hop or just bad clothes . 
  track suits became sports thing again after the 90 's . 
  ( edit ) examples : [ tekno people ] ( http://www.ja-a-moje-rit.estranky.cz/img/picture/139/teknival-italia--large-msg-122498237606.jpg ) some of my friends might look like that on occasions , but then they take shower and go back to their office jobs , unlike ... [ sketchy rappers ] ( http://czblog.cz/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/film-bastardi.jpg ) frequently gypsy kids [ punk punks ] ( http://www.punk.cz/data/usr_001_usr_images/ano.jpg ) minus the mohawks , those guys are too well kept . 
  i mean those who did not choose to be cool that way , it is the last thing they had left ... disco mob . 
  just think jersey shore in cheap clothes and even less style, 
  i was kinda relieved it did not ring a bell either, 
  it might be extrapolation , but one i can get behind, 
  `` inconvenient '' is next, 
  that is serious wtf . 
  as the comment says , fasism is alive and kicking in spain, 
  hahaha , that 's / r/wtf worthy, 
  the rent and property prices are on a similar level over the border in germany . 
  but it is lower fraction of the income so i guess it allows the freedom from mortgage play bigger role . 
  edit : speaking of the bavarian countryside . 
  property price in places like munich must be on a different level ( so they are in centre of prague though ), 
  i think it plays a role too . 
  but for me it was simple math , i could pay someone to live in place they own , or pay about the same and have my own appartment that i can keep . 
  they are comparing it with india and china . 
  it is not telling much if doing business in russia is easier than in those corrupt red-tapeistans, 
  it is cheaper to live in your own home in the long term, 
  some might comment on the age difference , but no actual issue with most people, 
  is that some fucking damage control ? 
  it 's time they called in drone strike on merkel before she blows up more families !, 
  the government is temporary to bring the country to new elections . 
  the idea was to appoint gov. 
  of public servants , officers etc. 
  who the parties can agree on . 
  he instead said fuck you and made the whole remainder of the term a public funded promotion for his party . 
  they also tapped into the public sector hard , replacing more than 100 high ranking officials ( deputies , chiefs of staff , etc. ), 
  in 100 days . 
  absolutely against the idea what they were supposed to do, 
  it was n't said anywhere and if they do n't want to say it , why would they hint it ? 
  not appoint his buddies but someone who others can agree on ? 
  like in civilized countries , you know ... 
  that the government does not represent anyone except for zeman, 
  if it got the paperwork , it might as well still be there .
