  our country had no issues accepting people from yugoslavia or ukraine and i believe there still would be the same sentiment . 
  living in a country with any kind of political instability somewhere on earth does not constitute a right to move to a european country of choice . 
   80 % czech people citation needed . 
  much more effective silencing method is not letting them express at all , right ? 
  like not letting them anywhere near historical site on national holiday . 
  and labels are prominent to `` prague caffe dwellers '' and `` sun-shiners '' , right ? 
  hey , maybe you want some orl\u00edk : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3cprnrl-cq, 
  that 's brilliant, 
  the less malign explanation would be he is a bitter old man with enormous ego . 
  another one , less and less outlandish would be that his handlers in moscow want him to . 
  his campaign sponsor , advisors , friends are all tied to russian powers . 
  they call for legal ban of islam, 
  it 's been hijacked by neo nazis since the 90 's there is nothing inherently wrong with saying `` hail to the victory '' in german , the phrase itself is good . 
  what do you mean by saying sieg heil makes a difference, 
  they overreact and zeman loves that , he loves to destabilize the country, 
  the sanctioned opinions were expressed . 
  only the anti-muslim people were allowed to the president 's rally . 
  he is latching on to the hate groups because his support overall is not that great . 
  last year on this date he was booed and pelted with eggs by the crowd, 
  to all the people supporting this , it is not some friendly group of people with good intentions , they are as neo nazi as they can get without getting attested . 
  they marched with gallows this summer , yesterday evening in front of the governmental office the chanted `` czech land for czech people '' , which is popular thing to chant when `` white power '' is too much, 
  feel free . 
  the editorialism is to give uninitiated the context . 
  if you use google translate , you can read the captions . 
  most frequent word is hate . 
  freedom and repression is mentioned as well, 
  the students were denied access quoting security reasons , but most of the zeman/anti-immigration supporters were let in . 
  perhaps in order not to repeat last year 's fiasco http://zpravy.idnes.cz/zemana-vypiskali-na-albertove-dkt-/domaci.aspx?c=a141117_151454_domaci_jj the crowd later moved to the government office building to a stand-off with the police chanting `` czech land for czech people '' among others . 
  https://www.periscope.tv/w/1brjjnmqkrvjw make no mistake , these are the same people that marched with the gallows earlier this year , they are as neo-nazi as you can get without being arrested on the spot . 
  and today , the president joined anti-muslim and neo-nazi rally . 
  the attendees then went for a stand-off at the government office building chanting `` czech land for czech people '' . 
  https://www.periscope.tv/w/1brjjnmqkrvjw edit : if you find a good english source on today 's events , please post it , mine are getting removed . 
  you were actually serious ? 
  sounds fair, 
  i do n't see kurds defecting to isis or dropping their guns and running away at their first sight like iraq army, 
   un peace troops near them to protect them . 
  that 's a good one, 
  today 's turkey , ancient greece . 
  to the west ? 
  nice what a little cherry picking from a stream of fecal matter can do, 
  they are not any better towards czechs if that makes you feel better, 
  i thought complaining is * our * past time . 
  but srsly , i think cz is actually friendly to * some * expats and very unfriendly to others . 
  that 's the same thing like with the tolerance polls , we do not pretend , we are not polite . 
  when we like someone they 're treated , when we do n't , they get shit, 
  the situation is so severe that there is no one to guarantee that the athletes are clean, 
  what is the threshold for them to be on the map ? 
  there is one in my city on the map , yet i know of at least four, 
  they were invited and brought in for a free treatment of their ill children . 
  they blatantly took advantage of that , disregarded the child 's needs and left to germany for better social benefits . 
  tell_me_more . jpg, 
  i 'm not german but i agree the trains are late and expensive . 
  people here hate on our train services all the time , but punctuality wise they have about the same track record, 
  too cheap, 
  and the chart is referring to prague , not villages, 
  the house vs. apartment category is recorded in the realities register for each property . 
   europeans are very much ruled by emotions / logical thought processes . 
  in contrast with americans thinking and voting how faux news tells them ? 
  where is this bullshit coming from all the time ? 
  without the public pressure they would n't have as much as acknowledged that they are even negotiating this . 
  efficiency of the negotiation is hardly the reason, 
  i guess his point was that it is major over - reach and power grab . 
  more than a plain trade treaty, 
  although i agree that bbc tends to be biased , they have some integrity ( after all , they changed the article ) and the agenda is their own and mostly `` confused humanism '' while rt is directly controlled by a dictator with hostile attitude towards the west so there might be some differences . 
  holding my fingers crossed . 
  soon it must be us, 
  governments get mandates from votes that they receive for their platform . 
  have n't seen many `` bring more people from middle east and north africa '' platforms at least here, 
  guns do n't kill people , stress and fatigue does, 
  ever occurred to you that what russia says and does do not have to be the same things ? 
  show me a party in the parliament that 's more right wing . 
  and do n't even think about ods, 
  do n't forget the internet tax, 
  as the top comment says , he might be an asshole but he 's right this time, 
  if you believe this is short term event i envy your optimism, 
  germans and austrians like to look down at us, 
  rt is owned by the russian government, 
  i like your mexican-syrian conversion ratio . 
  the iraqi/afghani-mexican exchange rate is even higher and do n't get me started on kenyan-mexican exchange rate . 
  if anyone remembers it , landa is owner of the scratched up porsche https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orbwh9nwhmo, 
  we actually do n't discriminate, 
   for others it means the condescending fedora guy verbally attacking others for their faith . 
  we dont have these here . 
  atheism is implyed standard, 
   some cases the important part, 
   it 's pretty clear she 's ignoring the effect of her words outside of germany . 
  exactly that accelerated the crisis, 
  germans seem to have consistently the view that merkel 's statements were irrelevant to the current situation . 
  germans exclusively , everyone outside of germany seems to think that she made it much worse . 
  and the refugees are outside of germany . 
  keep saying this over and over ; even if it was not what she meant , she is leader of major power and should be careful about how she could be understood . 
  ca n't wait to see them enforced, 
  seriously not sure if trolling, 
  seriously not sure if trolling, 
  way to fuck shit up angela . 
  extreme right must be ecstatic from the kickstart, 
  protip : go to germany, 
  well , if the refugees and migrants are encouraged by the chancellor , yeah , it sort of is . 
  do you mean they have run-flat tires and tire fixing kit instead of the spare wheel ? 
  because you either have this or spare or you get fined for it , and the police does check here,
