  vyvadil actually took it serious thanked him and kept the discussion . 
  cerman then started unrestrained flattery and vyvadil quickly gave him absolute trust . 
  tehy convinced him to start a facebook group for coordinating `` insurgents '' who want to block the convoy and make cerman with other guy admins there . 
  they kept inviting other trolls and kicked the serious ones who were pointing out who they actually are . 
  moments of briliance were when they used shills ' tactics to rise uncertainty like that vyvadil is actually working for the secret service , kept derailing and `` modding '' the discussion etc. 
  one of more elaborate troll campaigns lately, 
   you are not only in nato , you are nato haha , actualy thought about phrasing it this way, 
  for about a year , there is a huge rise of new `` alternative '' news websites giving `` unbiased '' news , aka absolute horseshit . 
  there always were leftist underground news focused on various issues , but that 's not the same . 
  these are not liberal , but universally anti-american , anti nato , anti eu , attacking actual conservative parties and either supportive of or not discussing president zeman . 
  latest trend is `` resistance '' movement against the planned us convoy through the country . 
  it makes me slightly worried as a ) it dilutes any actual news and shifts the culture b ) there is large number of genuinely stupid people in the nation . 
  also , the fuckheads posing as freedom fighters against the convoy ( we are in nato , ffs ) are partially useful idiots but i am sure a lot of them would be capable of going further . 
  i actually for once hope secret service will at least monitor them, 
  depends if you are looking at interest `` until the polls next year '' or in longer term, 
  the country is not in ruins but it definitely went downhill since havel 's exit from politics . 
  seriously fuck off, 
  it being italy , i was expecting something [ along these lines ] ( https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8168/7176741533_8d9be0f8ef.jpg ), 
  stock czech keyboard is also qwertz , but it should burn , 
  upvote , but death to qwertz, 
  precisely . 
  us has incredible economic base , the power they have and push helps them develop the base but also gets them allies . 
  they also behave consistently and predictably . 
  russia on the other hand , does not have the economic base , is unpredictable and its allies are very cautious around it . 
   people simply believe what the state apparatus communicates i think it is fairly more complex than this . 
  large part might not simply believe , but they nod and do n't care that much . 
  a lot of them might be at point where they do n't really believe anything so going with the official version is the easiest way . 
  if anything it helps restore the soviet greatness so it 's all good, 
  in that case , not shooting them down is seen as weakness by russians, 
  not impossible . 
  but they would need to enter it in the first place , which they do n't . 
  if they were in the eu/nato airspace and did not respond to hails , they would likely get shot down . 
  ~ ~ i do n't think they ever enter others ' airspace ~ ~ . 
  they are not * that * crazy . 
  edit : yep , they are, 
  his fsb handler ( yakunin ) . 
  seriously though , he seems to be closely following the russian narrative and interests . 
  he will not talk about ukraine . 
  he has instructions to talk about other topics like isis, 
  as a swede , could you please post an update when there is any action ( or even debate ) taken on it ? 
   voluntarily it all hinges on this and it would n't be a stretch to doubt it, 
  well , taking in thousands of hong kongers or other nationals under control is not the same thing as millions of various north africans posing as syrians without any control over it . 
  it should have been left up to the terrorist to sue the activist . 
   if the refugee crisis taught us anything , its that he 's still better than schwarzenberg . 
  citation needed, 
  subversive feminist movement fighting a ( legitimate ) fight against ( actual ) patriarchy sure have the same behaviour expectations as head of state . 
  you daft moron, 
  we are open to ideas . 
  he proposed kalashnikov himself some time ago . 
  yeah , they were not so useless against iran, 
  nice calm headed debate, 
   bottle of car you would n't down a car, 
  did i get b & for a half serious rant ? 
  sorry about that , we have their guys for president and vice-pm, 
  reading the other posts , it seems fellow countre-dittors got stuck in their grandparents shoes . 
  let 's give it a try . 
  germany , get the fuck off your high horse while you can . 
  you are closing to a low bridge and it will knock you down . 
  the people here who know you like you and we hate to see you running around with scissors . 
  migrants will not help you demographics , automotive industry is your life-blood , if you keep squeezing it , you are shooting the whole region in the leg , green energy needs time and nuclear needs improvements , not banning . 
  honorable mention goes to fucking over half the eu to get a dumped low exchange rate for your exports . 
  uk , you special stupid snowflake . 
  everyone , including you will be hit when you leave . 
  how is your wild wild city gon na fare once you 're out ? 
  how the fuck did you manage to get your asslick voted as our president ? 
  how the fuck do we let you run an [ espionage hub ] ( http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/zpravy/czechs-expose-three-russian-spies-in-prague-press/1191795 ) in our capital ? 
  stop pushing your propaganda here . 
  which gets me to : fuck you czech people . 
  as a crowd , you are so fucking dense . 
  how the fuck can you seriously vote for a shitstain ( well , court recognized liar at least ) to become a president ? 
  the most popular politician is a mogul that hardly pretends he is not after milking the state and removing liberties ( economical or civic ) . 
  in other countries , it is politicians pushing for liberties to be exchanged for `` safety '' . 
  here it is the other way around , after the paris attacks , there was a poll where like 60 % of respondents were in favor of this `` trade '' , while politicians ( except for bures ) mostly said `` get a grip , that does n't help '' . 
  how fucking stupid can you amnesiacs get ? 
  neo-nazi acceptable overnight , nice too . 
  the rest ( v4 especially ) , you 're ok ya cunts . 
  dude !, 
  what about the migrant quota vote ? 
  i loved poland when i visited it , but the people that come here are not the representatives you want . 
  ( edit : unrelated to the vote ), 
  grant asylum and distribute through europe , no problem with them, 
  in my region , there are lot of new production plants built . 
  in production related professions the salaries grew significantly and managerial levels skyrocketed, 
  yeah , all the ~ 20 % of them who are actual genuine syrians would still undertake the journey, 
  how is that relevant ? 
  are you talking about the 5 % from the article to whom it actually applies to ? 
  there is also a clause about illegally crossing borders , when they are protected to only cross to the first save country . 
  so they might be refugees but also illegal immigrants . 
  how much are places like molenbeek or pretty much all north of la defance contributing to the awesomeness ? 
  although one could argue that countries like france or uk got historically ahead thanks to their colonialism , so it 's fair that they also experience its negative side . 
  the v4 countries were fed to the ussr and lost decades due to it . 
  countries like germany or france now own significant investments in the ee countries , so they are getting rich of the development in them and the ee will not realistically ever catch up . 
  so please stuff your bullshit `` more successful '' argument up your hind parts . 
   russia insider  us backed islamic terrorists  implying that significant number of migrants are actual syrian refugees srsly ? 
  the news in v4 are heavily focused on the negatives of immigration and parallel societies in some western countries , while news in those countries seem to be heavily focused on dismissing such reporting . 
  so that 's where you get the difficulty to understand each other . 
   closing the northern border that 's pretty much the only thing that can prevent migrant flow to greece . 
  virtually none of them want to stay in greece . 
  well , russia is breaking into sovereign states already . 
  the most favourite holiday past time .
