  i would translate a bit myslef to spread cimrman 's genius edit :  what do you do next ? 
   split the atom . 
  ... no ... sorry , first is to split the austro hungarian empire . 
  then split the atom, 
  5 % for czech seaside 4 % for romanian seaside  mfw romania actually has a seaside, 
  do those fucktards have the red cross as a flag ? 
  did they use their special logic to consider it unclaimed for some reason too ? 
  there 's zero reason for any concern . 
  economical migrants will not stay here . 
  they will carry on to the countries they decided for . 
  actual refugees are welcome and i am pretty sure they will contribute to the country . 
  also czech society and culture is not so politically correct and inclusive so there will be no discussion with political islam . 
  sobotka noticed that greece asked for more money and analyzed that them leaving eurozone would have political impact . 
  he keeps his thought and bravery-to-say-something levels unusally high, 
  the website is atrocious on mobile, 
  totally agree that bailing out the banks is borderline criminal . 
  anyone caught in debt trap should be able to have some way out of it . 
  actually , greece leaving the euro is really bad for germany and france for another reason . 
  they need countries like that to devalue euro . 
  if germany had its own currency , it would have exchange rate of something around 1.2 $ at least . 
  good luck with sustaining the export power house with that . 
  there goes the fairy tale that czechoslovakia was one of the most developed countries in the world prior to the wwii ( during the first republic ), 
  that 's a nice ass you 're talking out of, 
  you must be kind of big deal , right ? 
  you know a lot about stuff as well . 
  you can deduct about unprecedented stuff from other stuff too . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/etudes/join/2013/507492/ipol-envi_et ( 2013 ) 507492_en . pdf  in sum , there is a real risk of a negative impact of isdr provisions in combination with broadly-worded substantive provisions on investment protection in an eventual ttip on the regulatory freedom of the eu or member states ' space for acting in the public interest , including in the area of the environment . 
  in other words , corporations are likely to be able to bleed countries into changing their laws edit : please tell me more about how much more important and celverer you are, 
  pretty much . 
  equally valid speculations, 
  and we know for sure because the text is public , right ? 
  card blanche for overturtning national legislation is a bit of novelty , though . 
  did we sort of became the east germans ? 
  not that i understand the article , but the people arriving to greece are quite likely to be refugees , but they should anyway stay in turkey . 
  with italian migrants , it 's little bit different . 
  the boat trip across mediterranean is not cheap , people arriving in italy are not desperate migrants . 
  yep . 
  it would have other advantages though . 
  i think we are productive and exporting enough to take it and the risk of greeking would be low . 
  we would be more likely to be like slovakia , who gained from euro . 
  what i am worried the most is that joining the monetary union would be done under the current exchange rate , robbing us of ~ 10 % of cash savings permanently . 
  the currency was depreciated about a year and a half ago . 
  i think this is one of its results . 
  so ... if you want to buy imported stuff you get less , but averaged accross population we might be slightly better off . 
  if the pace keeps up , it will be well worth it . 
  so the currency depreciation was good for something . 
  i think we all paid for this growth , but might have gotten a little bit more back . 
  i hardly know of any unemployed people . 
  imo who wants to work can find work ( but might be below his desired salary level or even qualification ) . 
  live in the west for clarification, 
  if bulgaria offered to take care of a migrant at cost of xx $ per month they would get the `` business '' and be paid by the rest of the community . 
  they would also get to say when they have enough ... 
  the eu community would of course pay bulgaria for the services provided . 
  i thought this was clear, 
  sorry if i offended anyone , but bulgaria has the lowest gdp per capita in eu , so i would assume that it would be the least preferred state for economical migrants, 
  nothing against bulgaria . 
  however , i wonder how bad the migrants ' former lives must have been if they do n't settle for anything less than nordic social system, 
  did anyone go to jail ? 
  unfortunately it 's how it 's in most europe . 
  not a bad trade off if the alternative is going to jail for questioning the government though . 
  if your generalizations are true , i 'm glad you 're gone . 
  we will just keep on brain draining you and you can keep the rest , thanks . 
  they should be fine with ostravar , then, 
  fuck , serious rip off, 
  how do you define doing it more / less ? 
  by budget ? 
  lol , get real, 
  thanks , it actually illustrates it nicely . 
  some are more equal than others and the others can dine from plastic, 
  police are not retail workers though . 
  i fully suport non-authority figures ' privacy . 
  however police are authority figures , in czech , there is even expression persons of `` public authority '' . 
  their work is public by the very definition and they should not have an expectation of privacy . 
  you do n't go to russia for vacation , soviet russia comes for vacation to you, 
  russia , coming to you soon . 
  was there an attempt to take it to european court ? 
  it would n't have to be taping them . 
  teachers must be prepared for a class with an inspector ( word ? ), 
  sitting in, 
  now he has crossed the line . 
  lol to be fair though , i am also quite fond of australians and new zealanders . 
  i would much rather have them immigrating here than eg . 
  czech is wrong about the root . 
  it is based on excretion, 
  i was discussing the difference between netherlands and belgium with a colleague and the result was that both countries are cool but belgium does not make us uncomfortable with how tidy it is, 
  bearable retail/services staff, 
  it is exactly to visit putin and pay him a tribute without giving much to fuss about . 
   anyway , just three more years and we get rid of him . 
  i am hopeful but worried . 
  it could be him or even worse than him . 
  czech voters ( who actually show up at polls ) are incredible, 
  the drama on fb here was loud . 
  when 150 people waving communist flags showed up at the main anti-convoy rally it quickly became clear how irrelevant that drama shit is . 
  kurdish by a chance ? 
  other iraqis are reportedly far less stoked, 
  chickenshit sobotka ( pm ) must have been shitting his pants till he heard the polls with 80 % support for the convoys, 
  afaik he is still following it closely, 
  vyvadil is absolutely non critical russia supporter . 
  those guys are liberal leaning pranksters . 
  cerman made a [ joke about vyvadil ] ( http://img.ihned.cz/attachment.php/160/59104160/wvvg1oqrtjylgpkmshlp7nakb4ae9e6f/11082619_468374009977113_7559054212358561557_n.jpg ) ( text : fucking americans ) and when vyvadil asked what should it mean he made a joke that it 's about american oppresion .
