  here , you said it yourself . 
  btw , we had taken in a lot of people from former yugoslavia or from ukraine . 
  and we were not even the first save country for them . 
  however , this is completely different scenario . 
   sooo ... whats beneficial to you is great , and what isnt isnt ? 
  does that about sum it up ? 
  is that what the media is feeding you all the time ? 
  because what i see is a huge fuck-up and a strong arm solution presented as the only possibility . 
  measure twice if you are a chancellor , perhaps ? 
  reading the german comments on here makes me think the merkel 's words were interpreted differently in germany . 
  she did fucking invite them , it is germany 's ( chancellor 's ) responsibility . 
  essentially , your country is so rich and dumb the rest of eu has to help you with dealing with consequences . 
  shadowbanned posted here first, 
  that 's not how syrians look like , that 's how north africans look like . 
  good luck with your exports with 2usd / ~ ~ eur ~ ~ dm exchange rate, 
   critics say the fence on the frontier with serbia flies in the face of international law . 
  care to elaborate on that ? 
  czech is only part of the country . 
  there is also moravia and silesia . 
  like calling netherlands holland or great britain england, 
  did n't sweden try that too ? 
  only to back down and move them back to stockholm after the asylum seekers complained that they are in middle of nowhere and it 's too cold in sweden ? 
  they prefer irrational hippie do-gooders , no surprise there either, 
  newsflash , almost none of the refugees and `` refugees '' want to `` go to europe '' , they want to go to sweden or germany . 
  because politics and giving messages is her job and she has responsibility not to be misunderstood edit : korean war was started when russians misinterpreted clumsy statement of american politician . 
  people with this kind of status have certain responsibilities, 
  we were also doing fine before they invaded us, 
   merkel never invited anybody to come . 
  it does not matter what her exact phrasing was . 
  and she is fully responsible for it being understood as an open arms invitation . 
  she is a career politician and long time leader of a country , she has to know what is she doing and saying and how it might be understood . 
  germany is voicing what them , france and italy want to do . 
  getting the rest of the eu to deal with immigrants attracted by them . 
  you mean like germany told malta and italy to fuck off and deal with it and is now strong arming the rest of the europe to deal with germany 's problem ? 
  i would support redistribution of refugees from the border states . 
  however , there needs to be a clear message that eu is not inviting more , the opposite of what angela 's message is . 
  do not forget the desperate need for poorer countries in the eurozone ( which is especially ironic if not understood by the greek guy ) . 
  germany 's exports would be totally crippled by the exchange rate if they had their own currency . 
  they * need * the greek crisis and us pesky osties, 
  do n't hold your breath for bbc to report on this, 
   `` politicians '', 
  if you 're shopping around for countries with the best welfare system you 're not asylum seeker, 
  people entering the country illegally were not allowed to go free unless they filed for asylum or were deported ? 
  what is it with england and pedophilia ? 
  half the news about pedo rings are from there . 
  and do n't tell me it 's because they are so good at uncovering them . 
  the `` i go wherever the fuck i want '' one , article $ $ $, 
  i totally would n't mind . 
  checked that option, 
  in today 's `` news '', 
  there was a post last week about the migrants refusing to stay in romania because it was cold there . 
  they said they want to go to warmer places like germany or sweden https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jlzph/refugees_do_not_want_to_go_to_romania_romania_is/, 
   fully integrated in that case we do n't need to worry a thing . 
  seriously, 
  so stupid . 
  the refugees do not come to live in `` europe '' , they want to go to germany and sweden and other warm countries like that . 
  ( not romania or other cold countries ), 
  i would be upset too if i was not good enough for people running from war, 
  i was surprised the last time there was a story from my country which they interpreted in their own way . 
  it was not major misinformation , but they skewed some of the details enough it was clear it 's not a misunderstanding . 
  i became quite careful when watching bbc news afterwards, 
  there is no right here . 
  only left and centre and more centre . 
  the parties should be called `` hunting the median voter from the middle '' , `` hunting the median voter from the left side '' and hunting in the pissed on the fringe '', 
  he already has all the swords that can be bought , do n't give him anything for free, 
  oh the glorious tuzem\u00e1k ( or if you will , domestic `` rum '' ) http://www.trafco.cz/foto/411027.jpg, 
  also the weed smoking . 
  i spent some time there and i think over here there is about twice as many regular smokers . 
  judging by what most of the radios play it 's pop music from twenty years ago and newly made music that sounds like it . 
  not sure about cheap . 
  it is mostly ~ 2 $ for a half litre of good stuff in supermarkets . 
  probably used to the celeb treatment from the us, 
  dunno if it 's fair to count unmanned maglev on test circuit, 
  czech , second most against , slovakia , second most in favour . 
  mfw slovakia actually has euro and might have some idea about what + / - is . 
  i was trying to think of slovak jokes , that explains it . 
  was it scary ? 
  i definitely think i once noticed an earthquake here too , it was totally terrifying . 
  it felt like if a bus drove past the house . 
  or it was a bus , not sure . 
  is there a chance of taking it all the way to the european court ? 
   only nine percent of the swedish school population has tried cannabis , compared to 39 percent in france , 42 percent in the czech republic and around 25 percent in britain , belgium and the netherlands lol , time to be proud, 
  and clapping afterwards, 
  when will tayyip ban this `` electricity '' ? 
  the council attitudes towards bike lanes here seem to be `` let 's build some random sections and see if anyone can link and find use for them '' . 
  light poles in middle also included, 
  still working in turkey ? 
  conclusion : german females are the most honest, 
  it definitely is and it 's worse around the north border . 
  in south-west it is almost exclusively indoors , in the north there are still working girls pacing the roads . 
  but why not add some bullshit `` facts '' for more credibility , right ? 
  prague is also good place for brothels and such . 
  colleagues visiting from japan see it like a special kind of disneyland . 
  please enlighten us which highway goes from brno to dresden . 
  hint : none, 
  is this the real life ? 
  or is this just comedy ? 
  reading a mirror post , no touch of reality . 
  top gear is not to be trusted on anything , however i heard good stuff, 
  is there a way to crowdsource the subtitles ?
