we have bunch of freeloading sloths thinking their drunkedness can be dressed up as wine culture , in the south east who think they would be better off in their own country . 
  for all we care ... 
  i may be exaggerating a little, 
  i am not sure how accurate are the scores , solely based on the us having no. 1 spot in health . 
  holy shit , if the double dutch irish sandwich is busted and all tax evaders have to pay ireland , it will be richer than all the emirates combined, 
  the original comment was so low i thought it did n't deserve a response . 
  however , this comeback ... list_of_burn_centres_in_jerusalem . url, 
  czechslovakia pretty much shipped all its uranium wealth ( huge ) , mined by slave labour of political prisoners , to ussr . 
  not a bad deal, 
  i 'd say the drinking culture is like this . 
  when out drinking , it is acceptable to go hard at it . 
  it might be slowly changing though . 
  my phone remembered it as repost . 
  from months ago . 
  nice, 
  bible belt is a stretch though . 
  perhaps `` moderately atheistic '' , 
  he also just recently visited an even of his friend on rhodos . 
  his friend happens to be on the list of sanctioned putin 's people, 
  dunno , balanced does not mean taking one word from one party and one from the other when one is potentially biased commercial source while the other is government run propaganda outlet . 
  i saw it in bavarian brauhaus near frankfurt . 
  serious, 
  0.33 is large beer in w germany, 
  they can enjoy the security of the brics market, 
  they do n't get to see your account number with debit card though, 
  if you did n't phrase it like an asshole i would almost agree with you . 
  the general mindset here is frustrating and i am often skeptical about longer term prospects . 
  sobotka is a hack , this only reflects it . 
  he is pm not because he would be so competent , on the contrary , he is allowed there because he is no competition to the power figures that drive the whole thing , but those guys are so compromised even czech voter reject them . 
  based on how our government and president act and talks recently , they would probably want to see more evidence and parrot russia today until they arrived to prague . 
  a lot of people here in cz use it too . 
  especially those who do some kind of outdoor sports . 
  then he will show up at baltics, 
  staging a `` popular rebellion '' to break away and join russia will not work in the baltics . 
  what about inventing spies operating from estonian land ? 
  that asks for a response , right ? 
  i may have my view distorted , but it does n't seem to me that most of the people value freedom the same way , lot of them seem to feel injustice for not ruling over most of eastern europe anymore etc. 
  culture maybe , but the values among the common folk ... 
  orb\u00e1n was speaking fondly of putin * fingers crossed *, 
  aah , the middle finger was glorious . 
  time for another round ... 
  lol , another shill bait thread edit : nothing against the op , the shills just love to show up, 
  the map could be a little misleading . 
  for instance , austria does not produce any nuclear energy , but they buy it from czech plants, 
  this is tougher question for us than some . 
  i do n't think we have a wide spectrum of love-have for neighbors , we have pretty good neighbors on all sides so it is more about deciding on the order of the 1-4 top spots . 
  slovaks are obvious choice , but myself being from the west of the country and also working with germans a lot , i 'm fond of them too . 
  on the other hand , some bavarians and austrians tend to condescend . 
  polish people are awesome in poland , older generation definitely loves them , but they do n't have such a good reputation with people who met them working abroad ( uk ) , as migrant workers here and as drivers on our roads . 
  but do n't take it wrong , we 're still cool, 
  that 's pretty shitty as well , though, 
  is that a plot how to get official id 's linked to fb accounts ? 
  what about netherlands ? 
  it is mouthpiece of those who control republicans ' neocon agenda . 
  almost on par, 
  total openness is why the debris is still in katyn and russians are refusing to return it to poland . 
  yeah, 
  true dat . 
  i , for one , drive sam missiles around town all the time, 
  agree , but it does not change anything on that every line was crossed, 
  you know what ? 
  it will be the same story as with katyn crash . 
  putin will appoint himself as head of the investigation so that disputing any results would be serious insult to russia . 
  we do n't have much of this cross border slang , except for swedish troika . 
  on one side we border with austria , slovakia and poland . 
  you do n't get too much interesting from there . 
  on the other side , there is germany and you do n't really want to get overly familiar with what they do in the bedroom . 
  posted this yesterday , it is clear divide and destabilize strategy, 
  this gives more light into the whole thing at least to me . 
  it is all aimed to discredit , destabilize polish government and worsen its relations . 
  i may be paranoid , but this screams russia, 
  i drink too little beer . 
  i am also not rude to customers ( although i do n't work retail ), 
  proxy war it is , but one sided proxy civil one . 
  i do n't see nato shipping unmarked troops and equipment over the border, 
  pern\u00edk , for decades the traditional drug . 
  we should get doc for it, 
  the only problem is that the goal is to establish rule of one class over the others , especially if that 's by violent means ( talking about far left ), 
   antisemite or racist remarks from the far-left the conflict on the far left is not racial , it is class, 
  this sort of proves one of the points of the video . 
  not-pro-israel =  anti-semite, 
  we need to stop perpetuation of their culture of not being contributing members of society , disobeying laws and refusing to integrate in general . 
  separating larger groups to single families and making sure only one family lives in one family dwelling is a must . 
  the `` herd mentality '' must be broken and people need to realize their individual responsibilities as well as opportunities we need to find the loopholes which are used to abuse the social system and close them there are already social programs running , but the effort to keep the youth in schools , give them alternatives of how to spend their past time etc. 
  is essential for future, 
  russia should be moved to / r/africa, 
  russia is not done yet, 
  hmmm ... 
  i thought we are doing better . 
  those damn germans again ... !, 
  while in singapore , as a part of small-talk , my local colleague was openly discussing that he wants a second baby , but he needs at least a week of vacation to get rid of the stress to be able to get it up . 
  everyone nodded ... 
  i would guess that russian logistics would be farther on the clusterfuck scale, 
  you should be making fun of the countries which do not impose sanctions, 
  too bad for imported minorities not being allowed to take over, 
  i think that if countries near russia choose their foolish independence , it is perfectly justified that russia sets them back in the right tracks . 
  long live shale gas !, 
  seriously , as much as i would hate to see it , the russian sobering now is putting things in different perspective . 
  it should also include situations when the victim felt they might be oppressed but were not sure . 
  seriously , it is [ already there ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zm85j/physical_andor_sexual_partner_violence_since_the/cfuwgpn ) and it is bit questionable .
