   there is no culture , religion or any belief that would consider this to be normal . 
  it is considered somewhat acceptable in afghanistan at least, 
  fyi , asians make fun of europeans as `` big noses '', 
  the sign is kinda stupid , but being offended by it is much stupider, 
  why nsfw ? 
  bunch of people from your country do, 
   czechs was historically quite xenophobic . 
  yes and no . 
  although we are not used to the variety you can see in the traditional migrant destinations , i think that we do not have many issues with foreigners that conform to the local culture . 
  no issues with ukrainians and the perception of vietnamese is getting much better . 
  however , when a group does not want to conform or even demands a special treatment , there is an immediate and very strict rejection . 
  which adds to the situation . 
  lot of people here would prefer the living standards in germany or sweden too . 
  so when they see mass of migrants coming from really bad countries who will not settle for anything else then the best in the world , they do not have any sympathy . 
  that will surely make entitled people feel satisfied, 
  i do n't think they would be deluded enough to expect an apartment , car and a job assigned in the us . 
  they would know that what they do n't earn they do n't get . 
  one more event like the new years eve and it will accelerate out of her control . 
  however this time the facebook discussions might be stopped in time by bertelsmann, 
  long time since the 90 's . 
  some shit still does fly , it 's just mostly not funny . 
  especially on the public tv . 
  they tried to do satire show few years ago , but since one of the requirements was not to offend it was just sad . 
  elsewhere they are not so worried about offending , it 's just unfunny . 
  never saw those either, 
  children ... 
  does n't sweden also consider a broken condom as a rape ? 
  they both have high rate of conditioning of their people, 
  the author seems to be czech btw, 
  well , most of the reforms that ukraine set off to do went kinda nowhere . 
  should juncker have managed better to prevent continental crisis ? 
  syria is not saudi arabia, 
  all of syria is not a warzone, 
  hypersensitivity is deeply conditioned in germans . 
  fico is an asshat ( just look up his past statements on anything ) , but he does not build alternate reality like your media does . 
  speaking about not allowing in migrants that quite clearly bring a lot of trouble with them is not being hitler . 
  he says that agreeing on the migrant redistribution in the eu would allow `` compact muslim community '' to build in sk and tehy will not allow it, 
  no arguing about that, 
  because the immigrants are employable, 
  but you 'd have read harsh criticism of it one day later, 
  that 's still the same message . 
  does n't look far off though, 
  i am not strictly against refugee acceptance , but making western europe less appealing would certainly help a great deal curbing the influx . 
  as an example i think we should go to the refugee camps and choose the ingrate-able and employable people and bring them to europe in tens of thousands or more for free . 
  and do not accept any claims of people immigrating illegally . 
  that 's an example of win-win scenario for me . 
  if they were second generation , it 's even worse . 
  if there is already a generation of immigrants not integrated , it 's very foolish to let in major new infulx, 
  that 's why merkel wants control over fb discussions, 
  it does not read like full on hatespeach , though, 
  we should make it easier for ukrainians to immigrate here . 
  it 's mutually very beneficial . 
  i 'd trade anytime . 
  white christmas is a consolation price for having a whole shitty season, 
  florida ? 
  they are white , they have no right to be offended , it 's 2015 edit : there was a big whooosh it seems, 
  yeah , it will be easier to leverage russia 's interests against smaller countries ( and eu members ) with the gas without disrupting the profitable business with germany, 
  [ dunno , try here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ice_age ), 
  lol , we ded, 
  repatriated to and brought back in by vyso\u010dina, 
  i think the issue is the amount of shit they have to wade through in order to find something worth-while investigating . 
  moravia splitting off ? 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  they can even keep the president . 
  and actually all politicians coming from there for that matter . 
  yeah , chunk of slovakia should be painted hungarian, 
  what happens to those denied the refugee status ? 
  do n't tell me germany is deporting thousands, 
  or is it \u0160t\u016frovo group ? 
  germoney , stop telling us what to do  :(, 
  education is n't cost-free , you know . 
  that 's an example of what the net-recipient 's costs are . 
  brain drain is also one of the reasons catching up takes long, 
   free ( and good ) healthcare , free ( and good ) education , welfare systems to take care of the old , the ill etc. 
  this is not lacking in lot of the poorer eu countries . 
  arguably a reason while catching up takes quite long . 
   also how can you reason sending immigrants to ee as a form of solidarity ? 
  is this some kind of natural catastrophe that has befallen a few states in central and northern europe ? 
  this point is completely lost on germans . 
  their wealthiness and social system is attracting the immigrants . 
  when in addition to it , their chancellor says that they can take in everyone , of course it releases an avalanche . 
  and the migrants are not refugees looking for a place they do not have to fear for their life by the time they arrive to germany , they are looking to improve their economical situation . 
  they are exclusively problem of their destination countries and the solution to it is to get off the high horse and instead crying `` solidarity with us '' fix their immigration policies . 
  the eu subsidies are bribes to the poorer countries to open the markets and allow easy investments and ownership . 
  although germany is paying to eu it profits tremendously from the common market and relatively ( for them ) undervalued currency . 
  the polar opposite of the profit is greece , whose currency is too expensive and can not compete . 
  make stupid rules , get stupid loopholes, 
  fly your kite high day ? 
  it was circling, 
  nice start , what 's banned next ? 
  it 's a culture not a race problem . 
  it 's very anti-social, 
  i do n't know what to say to this . 
  i kinda get the idea , but at the same time , if you think more about it it becomes supremely fucked up, 
  even those displaced , you do n't hear about them because they blend in . 
  they find jobs ( usually well below their qualification ) , rent their apartments and are grateful for having a nice place to live . 
  they are usually devoid of entitlement , why would anyone report on them ? 
   take all the refugees without problems , like germany can . 
  sir , we have a call for you , it 's the reality , i belive you have n't met, 
  unfortunately , i think that these days people understand it that the refugees are from middle east .
