and there could be millions who did n't bother to vote for hillary in locked red states . 
  the argument works both ways . 
  there 's also the factor of third parties being more viable . 
  it would be better if the focus was on electing the congress rather than the president , and then the congress could in turn elect their candidate . 
  that with a proportional system rather than winner takes all would make it a much healthier system . 
  of course it 's difficult to predict how he would 've played out , which is why with the gift of hindsight we know he would be a better pick . 
  because in hindsight we know clinton loses , 
  i believe the answer lies in change . 
  obama promised change , he represented change . 
  distinct change from what had been . 
  sanders promised change as well , he represented change . 
  trump also promised change and made himself the representative of change . 
  they all made themselves to be candidates for change , away from the status quo . 
  hillary ? 
  she did n't . 
  if she promised any drastic changes , she failed to make herself represent that and get the message through . 
  she instead became the representative of status quo , a status quo that many people had grown sick of . 
  her biggest positives were that she 's a woman and that she is n't trump . 
  sanders would 've been a far better candidate for a variety of reasons , especially in hindsight . 
  he represented change , he carried responsibility and integrity . 
  he had no leaked emails . 
  if the democrats had been running with him they might have still lost , but if they had lost with him they 'd lose with integrity at the very least . 
  what is enough then ? 
  how do you appease reactionary moves like these ? 
  to be fair , he did n't say they are equally bad , just that they suck so much . 
  and i would tend to agree that they suck , though obviously trump sucks far more . 
  i doubt many people would go to the tax office and request copies of your tax report just to have something to read on a sunday . 
  it 's not available publicly on the internet , and as such is not nearly as accessible as one might think . 
  well , you can request that information on anyone through a simple visit to the tax office so technically no one has a right to privacy . 
  though through my life ( 26 years ) i have never encountered any problems with it . 
  sure if that practice was suddenly introduced in germany or usa everyone would go apeshit and look up everyone , partly because it would be a new thing . 
  here no one can be bothered . 
  why would i want to know what my neighbor earns ? 
  or my mom ? 
  as they say , y' all are making a hen out of a feather . 
  also it 's worth it for how easy it is to declare taxes . 
  it 's a 3-step process that takes 5 minutes : log in to website review the information file taxes done, 
  hmm . 
  suddenly gestapo and stasi seem harmless if this practice is them together times a 1 and a bunch of zeroes . 
  anyone who knows why there 's such a big difference between slovakia and tjeckien ( czechia ) ? 
  i 'm talking about the percentage stats . 
  as much as i agree with your overall point , italy does have stuff like lega nord . 
  for example liga veneta has 24/51 seats in the regional council of veneto . 
  the difference is very significant . 
  scottish english is simply a dialect of modern english . 
  scots on the other hand developed independently from modern english from middle english and thus is very different , yet somewhat familiar . 
  are you sure you did n't run into someone speaking scots ? 
  i doubt that as well , which is why i 'm in favor of investing in better and more unified defensive capabilities . 
  the biggest reason we can not defend ourselves currently is the protection extended by the us the past decades ( simply been no need to develop what would be redundant defenses ) and the aversion to the military post-ww2 . 
  i have full faith that a dedicated eu can achieve anything , just got ta get all member nations dedicated or at least some of them . 
  out of the cities in veneto , verona is probably the city which i could picture myself living in the best . 
  have n't been able to go to vicenza yet though so perhaps that 'll change when i do . 
  my girlfriend lives there so i get to visit it often . 
  walking around looking at the statues in prato della valle is fantastic . 
  probably done it 20-30 times now , but still looking forward to walk there again . 
   godless pseudo-french bastards i believe the commonly accepted term is `` miserable fat belgian bastards '' . 
  credit goes to : mrs. no-supper-for-you from norwood in lacashire . 
   never dubbed ( particularly in sweden , even for children ) . 
  unless something has changed in recent years , i 'd say most things for children is dubbed . 
  at least cartoons . 
  you 're right overall though , almost everything is subtitled . 
  i see a lot of people who ca n't stand subtitles for tv and movies , but i 'm so used to it that i prefer to watch everything subtitled ( in english , not swedish ) . 
  awww , how adorable . 
  but where is denmark in that list ? 
  i had to go soooooooooooo far down the list to find them . 
  well you know what they say . 
  if you 're not in first place , you 're probably in second place or below . 
  there 's a lot of smearing from both sides , all of it completely unnecessary . 
  i have sympathy for those who wishes to not live with their parents but ca n't for whatever reason and i have understanding for those who live with their parents because they want to . 
  we should support each other in our respective struggles , rather than divide ourselves over stuff like this . 
  how small is small ? 
  here in kalmar it took me 9 months to get mine , and that was with a healthy dose of luck . 
  some of my colleagues have waited 3-4 years without finding anything . 
  it 's not just stockholm though . 
  if i had stood in the regular housing queues here in kalmar it would 've taken me 3-4 years to find an apartment . 
  i was lucky to get one after 9 months by contacting every single small , medium and big renter in the city and one of them contacting me back about an offer . 
  sweden not anywhere to be seen . 
  sounds about right based on personal experience . 
  sweden is nuclear as well . 
  and trees regrow , especially if you make an effort into regrowing them . 
  not to mention that there 's many trees here . 
  i suppose that 's a matter of perspective of what is deemed `` extreme '' and what is deemed `` sane '' . 
  extreme compared to who ? 
  and what is it that we do against israel regardless of the facts on the ground ? 
  besides recognition of palestine that is . 
  sweden is not alone in that , czechia , slovakia , poland , hungary , romania and bulgaria have also recognized palestine . 
  i 'm not trying to imply that we are 110 % in the right and can never be wrong , just trying to understand your perspective of it all . 
  for what it 's worth , i do n't consider either palestine or israel to be in the right . 
  both sides have been wronged and have wronged far too many times for it to be that simple . 
  the unprovoked attacks on israel by hamas are an example of where israel has been wronged . 
  the continued settling of the west bank are an example where palestine has been wronged . 
  that 's just my assessment , but do keep in mind that i have n't paid any detailed attention on what is going on around your home country , so i might 've gotten it all wrong . 
  when i went to school there were 7 of us in total picking german . 
  almost everyone picked spanish because `` german was the language of the nazis and spanish is spoken by maaany more people '' . 
  i 'm willing to bet the majority of them has spent more time in german-speaking countries than in latin america + spain . 
  finland 's actions during ww2 must be viewed from the context of finland 's own history . 
  the diplomatic assassination btw is not actually of any weight behind what our current government says or does . 
  sweden and its people are pro israel when israel does stuff that deserves commendation . 
  sweden and its people will be against israel when israel does stuff that deserves condemnation . 
  it 's really that simple .
