  government ) nor by another sovereign state . 
  should belgium invoke article 5 because some terrorists have been hiding in syria ? 
  i do n't think there will be a popular vote in case nato invokes article 5 . 
  the people in charge know that you ca n't just ignore the nato treaty without a severe backslash . 
  there was a x-fold decrease compared to the time before the wall ? 
  because the original german source is , although yellow press , much more unspectacular than what british media made out of it . 
  everything is based on a single police officer who thinks he heard someone say it but he does n't remember who it was . 
  and the question was basically if sticking the finger in a body opening should be reported as rape or not . 
  intra-eurozone ( no ee ) is also rather small . 
  the terrorists from sauerland , belgium or paris got exactly that . 
  not only food and shelter , but also access to world class education for free and opportunities , iraqis can only dream of . 
   there are clear problems with the eu and they will only get fixed if we actually talk about them . 
  at least britain is actively trying to make change to better it 's position . 
  i agree . 
  but certainly not with britain outside of the eu . 
  i do n't want to shun off any criticism as populism but in the case of the video , the topic is overly simplified in my opinion . 
  by the way , uk already gets a discount for it 's membership payments which no other country gets . 
  there were some recent events which go far beyond agenda pushing by media outlets . 
  lavrovs `` our lena '' for example , direct financing of right wing parties and a broad approach to influence social media and comment sections . 
  deutsche welle is a joke compared to that . 
  your link is rather populistic . 
  in no possible scenario , the uk would decide over 100 % of the legislation after leaving eu because you are bound to a lot of other treaties etc. . you would most likely have to stay in the eea and efta which then would mean that you have to adopt laws without having a say . 
  quantity does not equal quality when talking about laws . 
  eu laws to eliminate roaming fees or standardize ev plugs can not be compared laws which concern your military . 
  your video does n't make any distinction in this regard . 
   you 're the one bringing it into the discussion here . 
  i was referring to the general discussion which influences opinions here as well . 
  the recent upsurge was not included in my data . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_immigration_to_the_united_kingdom#/media/file:uk_migration_1970-2013.svg ) is from the ons . 
  can be explained with your booming economy . 
  `` statistically significant '' is a rather vague expression . 
   uk does n't control eu immigration . 
  and eu immigration is not your problem , because the biggest part are hard working people while the eu is one of the most developed regions in the world . 
  ee countries are developing fast and many workers are already returning home . 
  net immigration has been decreasing continuously since 2005 . 
  it amazes me how people put rotherham and similar stuff into one basket with eu immigration while it has nothing to do with the eu and is homemade . 
  reforming your election system would add much more to your democracy than leaving the eu . 
  yet the scapegoat approach is favored . 
  i understand that your politicians go this way but i do n't understand that so many follow this bs . 
  uk controls its borders tightly and is not a schengen member . 
  your most problematic immigrants are from former commonwealth countries , pakistan , somalia , jamaica etc. 
  how about controlling this immigration first ? 
  for the same reason trump wants closer ties . 
  because they are clowns ( afd ) . 
   a french-educated lawyer from cote d\u2019ivoire , logon said `` the events that have been produced here lately are the result of incorrect political decisions made by europeans elsewhere . 
  not really . 
  wo n't happen . 
  russia has changed a lot since schr\u00f6der . 
  if anyone , it would be the afd who seeks closer ties . 
   well , their industry prior to 1989 was very diverse but for the most part not competitive . 
  no one rides a dead horse in a capitalist system . 
  you can see that for example with the glorious russian , belarussian or ukrainian tech giants who were never touched by evil western investors . 
  these companies could not and can not compete with western ones . 
  meanwhile the eu economies of ee are much better developed and diversified than those from russia or ukraine . 
  it 's the same story that east-germans sometimes tell me , that the west broke their technology sector . 
  i know it hurts and not everything was done perfectly in the process but most companies together with their r&d were just 10-20 years behind . 
  the last trabant from the late 80s was a running joke , a dinosaur . 
   czechs took more protectionist route and brought their companies successfully into the global economy . 
  czech tech sector has been more successful before and after the wall so there were less dead horses . 
   the killed of all their tech industry and stopped funding r&d do you have any examples for that competitive tech industry ? 
  why would these countries or the eu stop to fund r&d ? 
  maybe if you 're not hip enough . 
   why is there such a resistance to acknowledging the existence of no go zones ? 
  because the term is widely used by different political activists while there is no clear definition of it as it is very subjective . 
  in germany the term went public during the world cup 2006 because certain areas in eastern germany were declared no-go zones for foreigners by some journalists . 
  there are no areas in berlin , where i would not dare to go to . 
  does it have no-go zones then ? 
  `` orban says it '' does n't count for me . 
  no-go zones are nothing but a political buzzword . 
  i guess there will soon be a subtitled version ... 
  rome was a part of this empire for quite some time . 
  your source is not about europe . 
  in germany for example it 's below 10 % [ [ source ] ( http://www.islaminstitut.de/uploads/media/bmimuslimeind_02.pdf ) ] . 
  no , from what i hear and feel , absolutely not . 
  i would actually be surprised to see an single person ( with picture and identity , not some throwaway account on reddit ) who gives the recent immigration wave as the reason to move to ee . 
  maybe in two years but i really doubt it . 
  daily life is in germany is not what you read from the daily mail or russia today . 
   kreuzberg in berlin according to r/europe , this is a `` no-go area '' , where police has to be accompanied by tanks because of `` mudslimes '' . 
  i wonder if the delivery guy was switched to an undercover cop . 
   what will stop the migrants we return to just try and get back to greece ? 
  the perspective that they will be sent back to turkey again ? 
  why risk your life and pay 1000 's of dollars for nothing ? 
  because the idea of this concept working would disrupt the circlejerk . 
  no one wants to be disrupted while jerking off . 
  no , because polls more or less suggested it before . 
  hate speech according to the following definition is and has been illegal in germany :  whosoever , in a manner capable of disturbing the public peace : incites hatred against a national , racial , religious group or a group defined by their ethnic origins , against segments of the population or individuals because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population or calls for violent or arbitrary measures against them ; or assaults the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning an aforementioned group , segments of the population or individuals because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population , or defaming segments of the population , shall be liable to imprisonment from three months to five years . 
  facebook did n't do anything against it but censors every picture of a mother breastfeeding her baby . 
  that 's what it was all about . 
  i know . 
  but many people here try to spread this . 
  that 's why i used quotation marks . 
  this shows that the `` religion growing the fastest '' is not islam but the `` kuffar '' , which is a good thing in my opinion . 
  i personally think lavrov shows pure hypocrisy if he complains about that after ukraine and all the `` backyard '' rethorics . 
  reality is not black and white . 
  you are right in the sense that in case of assad , a minority ( alawites ) is murdering and oppressing the majority and not vice versa . 
  the fact that his wife is sunni means nothing because the rest of his clan is alawi . 
  he will be able to continue thanks to russia . 
  there is also a saying : `` nothing is eaten as hot as it 's cooked '' . 
  cologne has nothing to do with past mistakes as the offenders were freshly immigrated from other countries . 
   the containment buildings can deal with the impact of large airliner .
