  you did n't have to be putins buddy to notice that . 
  chirac saw it as well . 
  and he actively tried to convince george that it was a stupid idea beforehand . 
  that should level it to 0 . 
  responsibility for the war that created the top leaders of isis and is considered the turning point for the middle east ( iraq 2003 ) : uk  10 % germany - 0 %, 
  he `` only '' had about 300 rounds but still ... 
  totally comparable . 
  not . 
  i heard even angola has problems with immigration from portugal  . 
  not to mention inflation . 
  and then try to cross the channel because we are not good enough . 
  everybody knows that this interest is a ridiculous share of what will be lost in the end . 
   in the land of cripples germany is one of only three big mature economies in the world which still show noticeable growth rates , besides the us and the uk . 
   disturbing cracks in the often praised german state-engineering . 
  i do n't see them . 
  there are some dinosaur companies like siemens , but there are also many world market leaders in less obvious sectors which are thriving . 
   their leaders should not dictate that way to others i agree . 
   unless it finds a better way . 
  again , none of the mature economies in the world has found the holy grail so far . 
  if the ~ 100 % debt to gdp ( compared to ~ 60 % in 2008 ) of the us faces the next crisis , what will happen ? 
  go to 120 % ? 
  and the next next crisis ? 
   germany has gained an image as a strong almost invincible economic powerhouse but really everything is n't so rosy . 
  i assume this image is more connected to the development of the ( still unspectacular ) last five years or so , especially considerig the fact that the growth was n't `` bought '' by additional debt . 
   bmw is to build its largest car making plant in the world in greenville/spartenberg , usa , and siemens is spending billions to acquire an us oil services firm . 
  ~ ~ it 's quite normal that you manufacture where you intend to sell or where you find the best conditions . 
  i doubt that greenville/spartenberg are producing for other markets than the us and it 's neighbours ~ ~ . 
  would it make sense for siemens to aquire a german oil service firm ( which does n't exist ) ? 
  i agree with the rest of your points . 
  4 % basically means that your economy may be slowed down due of a lack of workforce . 
  you will need gastarbeiter 's to fully exploit your economic potential . 
  from / u/lesserstuff on r/ukrainianconflict :  the fighting is taking place in 2014 south of novasvetlovka and west of novoannovka . 
  i made a illustration , you can look yourself on google maps . 
  rebel video of the aftermath of the second ukrainian position mentioned in the album . 
  `` btrs from video '' is of course the rebel btrs from ops video . 
  all vehicles and positions are destroyed . 
  here is a video of aftermath of rebel btrs . 
  agree , but the claim that it had `` nothing to do with austerity '' is ridiculous and unprofessional because it is impossible to prove . 
  so figure 1 shows us that ireland exports more than 100 % of it 's gdp ? 
  in the product video it says that 100 mm are enough to protect against handgrenades . 
  i assume exploding in some distance . 
  in somali shilling exports increased by 120 % . 
  i know . 
  but i am talking about the picture . 
  the layout does n't really help to spread the message . 
  looks like the bear is fighting for the west . 
  op writes '' [ some ] german soldiers '' not `` germans '' , which is a big difference and factually correct . 
  greece is also a big player in global shipping . 
  funny how denmark with it 's huge share of wind power ( 39 % of electricity consumption in 2014 ) has one of the most reliable grids . 
  does n't stop the nuclear and carbon lobby from fearmongering about `` flickering-power '' and the upcoming blackouts like jehovah 's witnesses . 
   lets be honest here mate , if there is one country in the world that knows how to work an economy and manage large amounts of money , debt and risk its britain and london . 
  we saw that in 2007 . 
  your gdp has barely reached the pre-crisis level now , seven years later . 
   most germans seem like assholes to me too , but who could say . 
  comments like this really push r/europe forwards ... 
  i think this money has been written off a long time ago . 
  the german market index is overvalued as hell and thus quite volatile . 
  it 's still a big surprise that the euro-dollar exchange rate was n't notably affected by the recent events . 
  do you really think the greek population would accept a coup ? 
  i have doubts that the eu would be that stupid . 
  you mean the pedophilia of mohammed ( consuming marriage with a 9 year old he married when she was 6 ) ? 
  from the document ( p. 22 ) :  playing games like call of duty gives you knowledge of techniques used in warfare on different terrains . 
  searching for videos on `` mout '' on youtube also shows examples of movement on urban terrain . 
  small urban war techniques can even be practiced within the home . 
  wrong town ? 
  i saw multiple . 
   it 's 4,91 mil , as far as i know . 
  with now 650.000 civil servants that would mean ~ 1 in 7 . 
  did you read the post i cited ? 
  we were talking about the starting number of 900.000 in 2009 , thats why i used the word ** was ** . 
  i would be careful with further pushing the un security council to become the same farce the league of nations was back then . 
  i assume other than the us , the eu would not decide against it . 
  i would be interested though , what these `` russian objections '' are . 
   employment in public sector as percentage of total labor force for some eu countries :  http://i.imgur.com/fw1xrtj.png this can not be true . 
  greece had a labour force of ~ 3.5 million in 2014 ( [ source ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/276414/employment-in-greece/ ) ) . 
  with 651,717 in public sector its close to 20 % and not 8 % . 
  and it was n't that much different in 2011 . 
   almost 1 in 11 public servants if you consider work force only ( ~ 4.5 million for greece ) , roughly 1 in 5 was working for the government , which is high compared to many other countries . 
  only because of greece , sure , there was no world financial crisis . 
  according to you , switzerland must be behind this because they profited the most in terms if interest rate on government bonds . 
  how did germany profit from the crisis in greece ? 
  yeah , thats how conspiratards think . 
  steve jobs died , cui bono ? 
  a boat of migrants arrived , cui bono ? 
  everything must be a great game ... because reality is too fuzzy . 
  germany did n't want them in . 
  they cooked their books to become a member . 
  but sure , it 's all a big german conspiracy . 
  `` why did you wear that saucy dress if you did n't want to get raped ? '', 
   you sense that tingling when there is tu-160 somewhere in the skies ready to erase you and all you love from existence in under 30 min ? 
  it 's not about the real danger but about the agressive message straight from the last century which , together with his recent land grab and proxy war , leaves a really bad taste in my mouth . 
   well maybe i also am , because there is a b-1 lancer stationed in a vicinity country that might do the same to me . 
  but he is not patrolling your borders . 
  notice the difference ? 
   reconnaissance aircrafts which has a different quality than bombers . 
   turkey , germany and alaska from a european perspective , it 's equivalent to nuclear weapons in kaliningrad or crimea . 
  so no need to send bombers to the shores of gb . 
   by which metric ? 
  from an [ article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/feb/20/greece-crisis-ignorance-protest-corruption ) of apostolos doxiadis in `` the guardian '' : `` what makes ignorance particularly frustrating in this case is that the facts are at our fingertips . 
  let me give you one : although 750,000 people ( 15 % of our workforce ) have lost their jobs since the crisis began , not a single one is from the wider public sector , which employs one out of four greeks . '',
