  still not confirmed if it was stolen . 
   the guy found death was the driver who was killed by the attacker who stole his truck according to police , the second person in the truck died from the crash . 
  so your theory seems to be questionable . 
  how weak must the faith into your religion be if you are scared that christianity might affect your students ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  isa ( jesus ) was arguably the most respectable of the islamic prophets , the only one capable of doing miracles towards human life , not touched by the sheitan as a baby etc. 
  what 's the problem with celebrating his birth ? 
  today 's islam is only about political power apparently . 
  there is a time lapse of the building process on [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjpsrqitsmq ) . 
  the map with the `` recent terror attacks '' is wrong . 
  the amok run of david sonboly in munich does n't fit to the definition of terror because it did n't have a political dimension . 
   arguing has largely ceased it 's all over the media . 
  stop playing the victim . 
   oh and we got this ** now ** video is from 2002 . 
  i 'd say it 's for layout reasons . 
  the shopped guy was in the way of the text above . 
  otherwise they would 've had to scale the picture down . 
  people underestimate how much effort goes into the layout of tabloid frontpages . 
  not to make them beautiful but to make them selling . 
  reminds me of the `` i 'm black so i ca n't be a racist '' argument . 
  wikileaks contains blatant fakes like the [ letter from julius b\u00e4r to angela merkel ] ( https://wikileaks.org/wiki/julius_baer_to_angela_merkel ) . 
  just as with wikipedia , people can plant any lie they want in a wikileaks release . 
  a lot of them are fake and have been proven fake before . 
  i do n't understand how people still believe them . 
   but everybody has to pay them equally yes but the french/swiss also have to put less of their tax payer money into maintenance which effectively means that taxes can be reduced or funneled into other sectors where they benefit french/swiss people only . 
   the article states that foreigners already pay more to infrastructure in germany through taxation on gas . 
  i do n't get how this should work . 
  gas is not more expensive than in other eu countries and considerably cheaper than in denmark . 
   in fact they are estimated to pay twice as much as the cost they inhibit on the infrastructure . 
  how ? 
  the article is already wrong in the headline ( nothing has been introduced or decided so far ) . 
  i am not sure if the main text is more trustable . 
  especially after trump effectively killed tpp . 
  we should push into this vakuum . 
   when they get there , they are going to basically act as human shields . 
  i do n't know where you read that . 
  because they sound a little different on their page :  the goal of the march is to reach aleppo . 
  we will try to get as far as we can , however , if this is not possible due to legal , logistic or safety reasons , we will find another way to send our message to aleppo from the turkish-syrian border . 
  i 'm not disputing the fact that they totally lost touch with reality though . 
  these variances are so small that the term `` population growth '' does n't really hit the nail . 
  at least not in the context of these doom and gloom posts about how the earth is flooded . 
  mr. tibi is a `` source '' with a very special agenda . 
  one of his main goals is to sell his books about doom and gloom . 
  [ yes it has ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.cbrt.in ) . 
  i think you are [ wrong ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.cbrt.in ) . 
  yes , populations are increasing . 
  the growth rates however are decreasing since the 60s . 
  technically , arabs are semitic people as well . 
  yes but canada whose economy is tiny compared to the us is not a potential threat to the eu economy . 
  during the negotiations with canada eu was the big guy . 
  with the us we were the smaller one . 
  overall , us companies are way more threatening to eu economic dominance than canadian ones . 
  pegida supporters actually do this , roaming the streets as `` concerned civil militia '' in parts of eastern germany . 
  no one really gives a shit . 
  only as high as the wto allows it . 
  the other g20 countries could however call the bluff and undercut their corporate taxes as well . 
  not sure if the deficit based economies of the us and uk could afford these policies for longer than the other players . 
  they would want to move back to normal rates if they lose their edge . 
   progressive real-time tax on capital gains . 
  something tells me that the uk would be one of the last countries to implement this kind of tax . 
   that a no would cost thousands of jobs , but the opposite happened . 
  you will never know because you can not compare the two denmarks with and without euro . 
  maybe the euro would have created even more jobs . 
  it is pure speculation that it would be worse off within the euro . 
  yes , there are indicators that the euro might be bad for some countries but for denmarks it could 've been beneficial anyways . 
  in germany it is true . 
  xenophobia is much higher in the homogenous parts of eastern germany [ [ one source ] ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/xenophobia-in-eastern-germany-a-legacy-from-the-past-a-1115163.html ) . 
  i ca n't find anything eurosceptic in this text tbh . 
  all he wants is to change the eu , something that almost any politician has said lately . 
  he wants to intensify collaboration in the field of defense ( eu military ) and border control which is diametrically different to the uk stance and what le pen says . 
  he wants to strengthen the euro zone . 
  he wants to promote innovation and progress on a eu scale . 
  he wants a fast exit of the uk . 
  there are some similarities to what the pis says , you are correct on that . 
  i would n't consider the official stance of pis to be eurosceptic though . 
  you should stop to have world wide internet discussions if you do n't want to be a globalist . 
  spend time with your people . 
   fillon is eurosceptic do you have a source for that ? 
  all i could find was saying quite the opposite . 
   the far-right leader had 29 per cent of the vote , eight points ahead of les r\u00e9publicains ' nicolas sarkozy it seems though that nicolas sarkozy will most likely not win the primaries and is generally considered the worst republican candidate against le pen . 
  intersting overview over survey results [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017 ) . 
  your comments made it sound like you embrace it . 
  or at least want to change the status quo . 
  especially the people displayed here who support afd the most are living in eastern germany with < 1 % foreigners in many regions . 
  but yeah , `` their country is beeing invaded , their land is being stolen ... '', 
   the mainstream media really is one-sided and telling people what to think and there are indeed people who are tired of it at least in germany there are many so called `` mainstream media '' with different stances on immigration . 
  some are very critical ( welt.de ) , some are rather welcoming ( zeit.de ) . 
  problem is that nowadays people tend to believe only what they want to believe without beeing able to accept other views . 
  this is holds true for both sides of the political spectrum . 
   way of life is disappearing the core voters of trump have barely any contact to foreigners . 
  same goes for their equivalents in germany . 
  it seems like people with the least real life contact have the strongest opinions on immigration . 
  facts or real experience do n't matter as much . 
   it 's been full of cultural conflict fore years . 
  not really . 
   we must question more our traditional news source !, 
  does this include your country as well or does it only hold for the `` wrong '' traditional news sources ? 
   return to barbarity is a matter of a few days , like it or not do you like it ? 
   ostracizing people does not work . 
  appeasing does neither .
