  italy has very similar laws actually . 
  and police would have to react in the same way . 
  quote from [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a8se-majest%c3%a9 ) :  in germany , italy , switzerland , [ 4 ] and poland it is illegal to insult foreign heads of state publicly . 
  [ countries where defamation is criminalized ] ( https://www.article19.org/defamation/map.html ) . 
  i would assume that in most of the countries , the police is not allowed to watch crimes without intervening . 
  do you expect that party leaders stand above the law ? 
  public defamation of foreign heads of state is illegal at the moment . 
  law is enforced . 
  thats it . 
  i do n't think it 's a good law and it will be abolished soon but it 's a law . 
  i would bet my grandma that this guy is walking freely right now . 
  by what percentage did the number of foreign nationals grow in the same time frame ? 
   fyi iceland negotiated a free trade deal with china my question would be to what terms . 
  i am not sure if the uk would have the same negotiation power as the eu and would have to accept less favourable conditions . 
  there is a reason why putin and maybe also china want the eu countries to be segregated . 
  divide and conquer . 
   what statistics ? 
  disposable income , which grew in a similar rate as inflation in most holiday destinations ? 
   i mean a holiday abroad in a place like italy or spain will take up a much larger portion of your available income today for your average german as compared to 20 years ago . 
  source ? 
  italy and spain are not the only countries you can go . 
  i will quote the article for you again :  when asked why , the main issue was security - which they rated as more important than weather or value for money . 
  your point just does n't make sense , because the economical situation was way worse in the 2000s and germans were travelling like never before . 
  i was answering to his/her post . 
  you are correct and your data supports my point even more . 
  because you do n't need the same amount of planning for holidays in germany ? 
  or you just stay at home and do some daytrips ? 
  i do n't know , but all statistics and the article say that money is not the problem . 
  the have more money than they had in times when germany became famous for it 's wanderlust . 
  stagnant does n't mean you have less money . 
  in the last years there was a significant rise in real wages . 
   real wages in germany have been declining in the last 20 years . 
  just wrong . 
  check your sources . 
  the problem is more connected to the fact , that many traditional holiday countries are rather unattractive at the moment ( turkey , tunisia , egypt , greece ) and the world feels less save . 
  quote from the article :  when asked why , the main issue was security - which they rated as more important than weather or value for money . 
  and he tries everything to appear well integrated :  however , the most-widely spread quote from pirin\u00e7ci 's 19 october speech was , `` unfortunately , the concentration camps are out of order at the moment ! '', 
  '' ) , whereupon he even received applause from the crowd . 
  i do n't think that isis is a threat to poland at all . 
  so it 's not a big step for russia to be `` worse than isis '' . 
  sadly , this is exactly what they want . 
  polarize the society to drive more muslims into aggression mode and start a deadly spiral of violence . 
  i do n't see how the muslim world would profit from that or stand a chance but these guys are insane anyways . 
   if you look closely you 'll find that it failed miserably . 
  to be able to say that , you need to compare it with the alternative . 
   their own industry in case of ee , it was outdated by 10-20 years . 
  the example of ukraine vs poland shows , how both models compare . 
   their most productive labour sucked out of them these people leave anyways if the economy is shit ( -  ukraine ) . 
  and some start to return already , with updated knowledge and free world-class education . 
  also you do n't mention eu cohesion funds . 
   that 's not a sustainable way to bring countries up together it 's not perfect but it 's the best way in my opinion . 
  i 'm curious to know if you have a better approach which serves both sides equally . 
   19th century style austro-hungarian colonialism not at all . 
  no military occupation , mostly welcomed by the population and your `` foreign ruling class '' is pure conspiracy bs . 
  is the pis or orban also part of your `` foreign ruling class '' ? 
   that 's we 're being overtaken on every front by the united states , japan , south korea , and china not true . 
  as someone with some insight to the tech sector , this is just wrong . 
  there are many fields where we are unchallenged leaders . 
  it 's not the shiny stuff you read about on the verge though . 
  two short examples : we build all the robots , tesla uses to build their cars . 
  the uk and europe is responsible for most of the important machinery in the semiconductor field on which the success of the `` asian tigers '' depends . 
  the dutch company asml are the only ones who offer euv-lithography steppers , multi-million dollar machines which are critical for the next miniaturization step of ics . 
  i agree that we are slow and not ambitious enough but japan is in a very similar situation and eu and japan are the only competitors in many `` deep tech '' fields . 
  which is not solely due to the eu but also to new trends like social media where simple answers propagate much faster than the more complex reality . 
  there are a lot of myths and lies spread about the eu and stirred up in the echo chambers of the internet . 
  many parties are more based on xenophobia than on anti-eu positions . 
  except for greece i do n't see a lot of polarization . 
  polarization was much higher when the eu did n't exist . 
  and it is much higher in the asian region . 
  even if you are correct it is still better to have centuries of converging societies/economies compared to diverging societies/economies which can easily lead to new wars , conflicts , refugees . 
  a lot of asian friends told me how jealous they are on how well we live together in europe after ww2 . 
  temporarily , until these poorer countries are richer and it becomes a huge benefit to have them in the boat . 
  i never understood the problem with this `` scandal '' . 
  there was involvement of us and eu but it was only to a small extend responsible for the escalations in ukraine . 
   asserting their interests that 's an interesting term for territory expansion . 
  the ussr dissolved because it was bancrupt . 
  russia could be a part of the west already , if it would respect the borders of it 's neighbouring countries and let them decide over their own security ( nato ) . 
  the imperialist sentiment in russia was never dead . 
  thats what i wanted to say : from russian point of view , it looks like a lbgt hellhole . 
  i 'm not a fan of anime but i have lived in japan for a while . 
  japan of today is almost indistinguishable from the west in many regards . 
  how do you explain the strong anti-russian sentiment in japan if they are so similar ? 
  compared to russia , japan is a lbgt hellhole . 
  every second anime has a gay side story . 
  and no , japan is not `` very authoritarian '' . 
  there is also no agenda pushing by an orthodox church or any other religious institution . 
  japan is also the most antimilitaristic country in the world . 
  so just the opposite of russia . 
  from wiki :  according to a 2012 pew global attitudes project survey , 72 % of japanese people view russia unfavorably , compared with 22 % who viewed it favorably , ** making japan the country with the most anti-russian sentiment surveyed ** . 
  the hate is mainly there because putin wants it . 
  eu involvement was n't half as bad as russian media constantly hammer it into peoples minds . 
  a lot of stories , pushed by russian media about eu involvement are nothing but conspiracy theories . 
  there was the orange revolution in 2004 where another pro-russian government was ousted and replaced by a pro-eu one and russians barely gave a shit . 
  yes , but its not their decision in case of war . 
  a military follows orders . 
  most of germans were/are against the war in afghanistan and still we are there . 
  war is not popular and should not be popular . 
  not true . 
  afghanistan was separated into different zones , the big members lost many men and a huge pile of money . 
  and 9/11 was not exactly what nato is designed for because the us were neither attacked by the taliban ( afgh .
