  so they solved 11 of 9 problems ? 
  i would have expected better from them !, 
  most of them . 
  there are agreements with north-african countries as well as with afghanistan . 
  balkan as well . 
  i do n't know about africa in detail . 
  pakistan is on hold at the moment . 
  in principle , the eu has more than enough negotiation power to deport people to any of these countries . 
  problem is that we still do it very inefficiently and reluctantly . 
  we , at least in germany , have the means . 
  unfortunately we do n't use them ( yet ) . 
  these are either wrong or part of the less important inventions/discoveries . 
  check this if you want : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_german_inventors_and_discoverers, 
  thought you were talking about communism . 
  are you finland ? 
  in times of youtube and facebook , in times when people only believe what they want to believe , they sadly are successful with this anti-intellectual bs . 
  you sound like the typical russian defending putin . 
  they certainly charge their competitors for it if they even allow it . 
  according to the investigation of the eu , there is no fair treatment of competitors . 
  you can find the details in one of the countless articles about it online . 
  btw , the federal trade comission is about to check google as well [ [ source ] ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2016/05/federal-trade-commission-google-search-questions-223078 ) . 
  it 's not only the eu . 
  some of [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_google_products ) i guess . 
  why does it matter which of them exactly ? 
  i remember regular advertisement of google products on their page . 
   our own industry was destroyed yes , your economy was destroyed and years behind before you started negotiations with the eu . 
  and it would still be destroyed if it was n't for western europe to feed you up . 
  visit ukraine if you want to see how your country would look today . 
  [ no ] ( http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/36297390 ) . 
   actually , he is the man saying `` look , down the mountain there is a lush valley that we can seize if we want to . '', 
  and he is a politician trying to gain influence . 
  the uk has world class educated people and most of them deny these kind of `` the grass is greener on the other side '' prophecies coming from populists like him . 
  you were talking about uk consumers and the `` superstate '' . 
  my answer was directed to that . 
  usually mainly users from the uk talk about eu as a `` superstate '' on r/europe . 
  the `` superstate '' is not happening for the uk anyways because you have opt outs . 
  there are many examples where common regulations help all economies in the union such as standardized charging plugs for evs , no roaming fees , standardized business rules etc. . . 
  there are not many examples where the eu dictated anything against the will of the uk government . 
  in case of immigration from eastern europe , you even have less strict rules than many other member states but still manage to blame it on the eu . 
  meanwhile 100.000 s of retirees from the uk enjoy their life in spain . 
  there is a high probability that the value chain of german cars contains more components from the uk than a chinese car . 
  thereby , you are supporting uk 's economy a lot more if you buy german . 
  not to speak of the environment which is hurt by long transportation distances and sub-vw emission ethics . 
  if you have a natural hatred or inferiority complexes towards germany , chinese might be your choice though . 
  they are arguing with a gap in 2060 of 36,6 bn $ ? 
  seriously ? 
  why not calculate the value for 2600 ? 
  predictions that go that far are nothing but reading of tea leaves . 
  and you know that . 
  compared to most of the other developed countries , germany is in an excellent position . 
  you know that as well . 
  so , like hitler ? 
  it 's rather to prevent more ahmeds from reaching european soil . 
  so far , financing refugees is a domestic problem of the countries which take them . 
  it was never solely a mediterranean problem since most of them travelled to the northern countries anyways . 
  sometimes , the italian government even gave them train tickets to germany and dublin 2 was n't seriously enforced . 
  it was n't really unbearable for the mediterranean countries until 15k + arrived a day . 
  those numbers are based on the expectation that 600,000 new refugees arrive this year , 400,000 next year and 300,000 in each of the following years . 
  i do n't see this happen with the recent efforts and the change in public opinion . 
  we would need 2700 new arrivals every day from now on to reach that number . 
  for every example of a backward muslim trying to force his views on the host country , there are tens of people who basically abandoned their cultural roots and assimilated . 
  i live in a town where more than 40 % of the population have a `` migrant background '' ( mostly turkish ) and you barely see any headscarves or other signs of a backward culture . 
  it all depends on the economic chances and if integration is done correctly . 
  no doubt that the money could be spent more wisely . 
  but this cost is not really a problem for the german budget which will even stay balanced according to predictions . 
  space/tech r&d is well funded already in general . 
  pouring money on this sector only makes sense to a certain degree . 
  there are many fields though where the money could be used to profit all germans a lot more , e.g. 
  building huge [ ringwallspeicher ] ( http://www.ringwallspeicher.de/ ) , a better high-speed train system or a nuclear fusion demo reactor . 
  again , what most people here forget is that we did not invite anyone to come . 
  we just tried to make the best of the situation while obeying existing international law . 
  i did not hear any suggestions to solve the problem other than fucking up greece/balkans , bending to turkey , watching people drown or invade another country . 
  the other big members of the eu , uk , france , ~ ~ italy ~ ~ did nothing to solve the crisis and are now expressing their schadenfreude . 
  closing the balkan route only worked because winter considerably decreased the flow and the deal with turkey now basically stopped it . 
  if it had been closed in oct. 2015 a humanitarian disaster had occured where 100,000 s of people would have piled up ( 15,000 + arrivals a day in greece ) . 
  goebbels would be proud . 
  people usually do n't search for strange stuff like this if there is no story behind it . 
  as a german it just does n't make sense to search for that in google . 
  if you start to actually defend us . 
  so far it is only a promise with no real value and less so since trump is in bed with the russians . 
  the last actions of the us were the opposite of defending germany when huge problems were created like isis or millions of refugees . 
  no american has died for germany since world war 2 . 
  many germans have died for the us in afghanistan . 
  it seems like c2 is not enough in this case . 
  the meaning of `` jetzt '' in this context does n't mean `` for now '' but rather something like `` nunmal '' which means `` simply '' . 
  she actually says the opposite of what this headline is suggesting but whatever helps the polish victim complex . 
  who choses indistinguishable shades of light grey in a heatmap ? 
  it 's only a comparison in size not in function . 
  also , you make it sound as if the supercomputer does n't create any value which is not correct . 
  supercomputers are very important if we want to compete scientifically with china or the us . 
  if we build nine small ones in each country we will not be able to compete . 
  if we build nine big ones in each country we will have 9x the cost . 
   how many of these illegal migrants will take the money and just use it to come back into europe ? 
  no one , because they get detained and deported immediatly in such a case ? 
  and they are illegal then and can be deported easily because the background is already known and they agreed to it when they signed the deal . 
  the have to sign that they will not come back and they accept to be deported immediatly if they do . 
   and china now files more patents than the rest of the world together i assume that you kow the differences between a chinese patent and a european one . 
   a new scientific process or material , like gravene which is supposed to be on the market since many many years and so far basically nothing came out of it . 
   who already hold most of the patents in this technology which does n't mean much because the patenting systems in the different world regions can not be compared . 
   per capita , japan and korea produce nearly ten times more technological innovations than most european countries , especially in industrial processes , you claim are the strength of european industry .
