   like finally mentioning that the growth in poland after joining the eu is in fact slightly slower than before . 
  an underdeveloped economy slows its growth as it gets more developed . 
  if you think that the effects of the eu started when poland joined in 2004 , you should probably work on your knowledge ( not to speak of your basic human interaction skills ) . 
   if tomorrow , germany and china ( and the netherlands , denmark etc. . . ) increase their imports significantly while keeping their exports at the same level how , if not in form of a bad deal ? 
  what stuff could they import en masse which is actually needed and not imported for the sake of increasing imports ? 
   if tomorrow , the us and the uk decrease their imports while keeping their exports at the same level , the world economy would crash . 
  the idea is that they increase their exports by offering more stuff which is demanded by other players and do n't import on borrowed money just to let the economy grow . 
   also , a country with a massive surplus being asked to try to spend more is hardly a punishment . 
  as long as we are above 60 % debt/gdp and have an ageing population we should be careful to make more debt . 
  especially since there are signs that interest rates will increase again . 
  gras does not grow faster if you pull it or flood the lawn . 
  economic growth should not be debt fueled straw fire growth but come from within the economy . 
  companies have an easy time to get money . 
  infrastructure investments by the government are actually quite high already , e.g. 
  they finance a hvdc buried cable to transport electric power from north to south which is insanely expensive . 
  construction sites everywhere at the moment . 
  just retarded . 
  ukraine had a higher gdp/capita than poland at that time . 
  now it 's a fraction . 
  i 'm wondering why exporting too much is criticised while you rarely read any articles about how bad too many imports are . 
  the goal should be to make import oriented economies more competitive and not punish the successful exporters . 
   poland did it in 91 and it cost a lot but in the end even before joining eu poland was developing quickly compared to russia or ukraine ( 5-7 % yearly ) one big reason for this is that there was a accession process with the eu ongoing , the reforms were part of the talks which started in 1989 . 
  poland already received structural help before they finally joined . 
   my point is that if there would be no structure funds to allevate economy loss poland would n't join eu anytime soon . 
  understandably not but that does n't mean that poland does n't getter a better deal than most of the other members including germany ( all factors taken into account ) . 
  something that also reflects in the positive eu image despite beeing a rather conservative country . 
  if you want to see the alternative look at ukraine . 
  which looked more promising than poland actually after the iron curtain fell . 
  again : most people admit that there is a problem . 
  i was talking about islamist motivated violence ( aka terror ) . 
  and how is the migrant killing himself a german victim ? 
  the vicitms were not german . 
  so far , not a single one has died in germany . 
  still most of us would agree that we have a problem . 
  in a similar sense as we have a problem with right wing terrorism which has led to more than 75 deaths since 1990 . 
  i wonder which one of the three foreigners there is the suspect . 
  not representing the majority . 
  no , because most of the countries want them there or at least do n't care . 
  the us has much more to offer in any regard than russia with it 's gdp just below that of italy . 
  most countries with us bases would never want to change them with russian bases . 
  russia is not the superpower it thinks it is . 
  ukraine and syria escalations are mainly thanks to russia . 
  also , how hypocritical is it to blame `` western imperialism '' and then answer with some `` russian imperialism '' ? 
  since when is the maltese pm the `` eu talking '' . 
   i 'm starting to understand why people like rt because they post about every gas leak to push their agenda ? 
   but most of all the politicians in brussels , who have made them promises that can not and should not be kept not true at all . 
  but russia would loose the war as well in a similar time frame when french or british submarines destroy moscow and st. petersburg with nuclear missiles . 
  trump is not any different . 
  except he said that he would think about using nuclear weapons to bomb them and not those boring conventional ones . 
   the middle east does n't need another us president who is no different than george w. bush in terms of middle east policy . 
  do you think trump is any different ? 
  do you think he would n't let rain fire if another terror attack like 9/11 happens ? 
  especially after he repeatedly made clear how eager he is to have control over the nuclear weapons and suggested he would eradicate isis with them ( quote : `` somebody hits us within isis , you would n't fight back with a nuke ? 
  so when other politicians use the same rethorics as trump it 's a `` stupid thing to say '' and `` self-defeating '' . 
  when he constantly does the same or worse , do you also write stuff like this ? 
  they still were not half as shameless and unprofessional as he was towards them . 
  especially when they were the strongest advocates for a fast eu membership of these countries and did n't implement all of the possible eu restrictions to free movement which could be understood as an invitation . 
  an attack on the uk would effectively mean an attack on the whole west with huge repercussions on all western countries . 
  it would be very stupid for nato not to react because any other country could be the next one in this case . 
  i am not sure if japan has any state-owned companies in the uk they could pull out . 
  i assume that this is a misleading translation and it is rather an assumption from the japanese side that some companies will consider to move . 
  this decision is not up to the japanese government . 
   in some companies 2 month old marketing strategy . 
  germany is on the first place since 2011 . 
  it does n't matter how many people you send because only one ( team ) can win the gold medal and combined eu countries got the most gold medals by far . 
  quantity does n't help at the olympics . 
  it 's about quality . 
  if the eu was a country , it would actually dominate everything . 
  france and germany were `` arch enemies '' for more than 200 years with very regular wars . 
  luckily we managed to overcome this . 
  the olympic spirit specifically excludes political hostilities . 
  if we compare this to the horrible sportsmanship of middle-east countries towards israel , we see that there is still a lot of room for deterioration of the russian-ukrainian relationship . 
  they ca n't wait to see an attack happen here . 
  to throw out some `` told you so '' lines . 
  not that spectacular actually . 
  but some people here want to read about a terror attack in germany so badly . 
  no simple answer . 
  some of the nuclear plants were more than 60 years old . 
  they need to be shut down anyways and new construction does n't always make sense since it would be a 30 + year investment . 
  it is reasonable to assume that within this time frame renewables as well as battery tech become dirt cheap . 
  in my opinion the exit should have gone slower but it is inevitable from an economic perspective anyways . 
  according to police , four people are hurt , suspect still on the run [ [ source ] ] ( https://www.facebook.com/blaulicht.wuerzburg/posts/957263017715594 ) . 
  no it was n't . 
  it was a hoax . 
  nuclear was not replaced with coal . 
  the share of coal stayed almost constant . 
  nuclear was replaced with renewables . 
   ger still has the highest co2 per capita in europe just wrong but upvoted because it fits the narrative . 
  there are 13 countries in europe with a higher output per capita . 
  these are statements directly from his public relations guy or even from him . 
  they are bad enough to get a negative impression even if he is literally mother theresa in real life . 
  i do n't actually need to know more after reading his quote about experts . 
  yeah , let 's not judge people after their statements . 
  let 's blame the effects of globalization on the eu . 
  let 's leave them and turn towards countries much further away . 
  it 's hard to see him as a legend after reading his twitter posts . 
  there was no multiplier effect in greece . 
  otherwise they would n't have accumulated 200 % debt to gdp and their interest rates for government bonds would n't have increased to  10 % . 
  people would actually invest money in greece if there were multiplier effects . 
  it does n't make sense to throw money at an inefficient economy before it is reformed .
