  why force them to be `` bio-germans '' ? 
  history is full of successful examples of multiculturalism ( roman empire , usa , mixed nations like brazil , cultural honey pots like cuba or jamaica ) . 
  xenophobes are the ones who will die out eventually . 
   i think germany has essentially failed to integrate the gastarbeiters you probably mean assimilate . 
  the former gastarbeiters are at least as integrated as other migrant groups like russian-germans in my experience . 
  i have to correct tough that it 's not a law yet . 
  the ministers have agreed to it and they usually get their laws through . 
  foreigners can then be deported for stuff like civil disorder or anything related to violence . 
  is it really that easy to fake a passport of said countries ? 
  including the electronics ? 
  are they easier to fake than uk passports ? 
   the review will also look at incorporating biometric checks - using fingerprints and photographs - into the programme to increase security . 
  last time i checked , this was already part of the process . 
  five minutes ago , i read that there is a deal with morocco [ [ source ] ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article151274435/marokko-und-deutschland-einig-ueber-rueckfuehrung-von-fluechtlingen.html ) . 
  the new deportation law is really strict . 
  it does n't fit to r/europes circlejerk though and news about it were instantly downvoted . 
   no one has actually claimed that they were refugees  schnell verbreiteten sich ger\u00fcchte im netz , wonach es sich bei den t\u00e4tern um mehrere fl\u00fcchtlinge gehandelt habe . 
  are you serious ? 
   they have been accused of pressuring the girl into changing her statement by whom ? 
  her mysterious cousin who always calls her `` the girl '' ? 
   so their statements ca n't necessarily be taken more seriously than other sources of information . 
  because `` people said otherwise '' they ca n't be taken serious . 
  sure . 
  no , i refute them based on the statements of the police . 
  how is this `` covering up '' , if the police just does her normal work and does n't act like russia today wants it . 
  incidents like this happen from time to time and without the refugee rumours and without the potential to create dissent , russa would n't give a damn . 
   i do n't trust lavrov at all , but here he is telling the truth . 
  `` the information was covered up for a very long time during her disappearance for some reason , '' lavrov said during the press conference in moscow . 
  lavrov has absolutely no clue about the case and you say `` here he is telling the truth '' ? 
  do n't you see that this is a disgusting piece of foreign policy when he talks about `` our lisa '' while in reality he could n't care less about her . 
  posts from her on social media and reports from classmates indicate , that she comes actually from a rather difficult social background and has trouble with her parents . 
  thing is , this case is still under investigation . 
  according to spiegel , there are two suspects and none of them is a refugee . 
  russian media have fabricated bullshit and showed a video from tahrir square to bring their point accros . 
  lavrow claims to knows exactly what happened based on a mysterious `` aunt '' of the girl . 
  russian-germans have demonstrated together with the far-right npd over the case based on rumours from social media . 
  judging from your further posts in this thread you actually put rumours without any proof over information from the police because you do n't want to believe them after cologne . 
  seriously ? 
  where ? 
  do you seriously think , these kind of people wait for an invitation before they come ? 
  merkel 's way of dealing with it increased the numbers , no doubt . 
  but you make it sound like her invitation started it which is far from the truth . 
  i say rotherham and the london bombings show that the eu needs to kick out uk / ^ ^ ^ s, 
  there is `` destruktives misstrauensvotum '' like in the case of schr\u00f6der , where new elections followed and no replacement candidate was needed . 
  and there is `` konstruktives misstrauensvotum '' ( schmidt vs. kohl ) , where what you said is true . 
  i am unsure though if merkel really lost her majority in the bundestag because she basically unites greens , spd and left against her own party . 
  a few hundret millions would probably be enough . 
  translation : a dude sold his weapon supplied by germany to finance his later trip to germany . 
  apparently , the concept of preventing people from fleeing by stabilizing the region with weapon supplies did n't really work in this case . 
  her party is still at 37 % but only because there is no real alternative besides the right-leaning afd . 
  the other parties are even more open to immigration . 
  it says `` if the policy does n't change '' . 
  which is highly unlikely after cdu and spd will be voted to the ground in the upcoming state elections . 
  and it has already changed considerably during 2015 . 
  she went from close to 80 % approval rate to 44 % in a rather short time span . 
  if you extrapolate it in the same way you extrapolate the refugee numbers , we will have a regime change in 2 months . 
  the turks came because of underemployment and had some jobs waiting for them . 
  that is not so much the case today and low qualified work is on retreat anyways because of automatisation . 
  i hope that the recent wind of change in german politics will prevent the 2nd million . 
  they did n't have youporn in imperial china or even better vr porn which will be huge very soon . 
  why are these articles with exactly the same topic ( `` hurr durr 53 % vs 47 % '' , `` hurr durr 56 % vs 44 % '' , `` hurr durr 47 % vs 53 % '' , `` could would should '' ) released every two weeks with exactly the same content ? 
  and always upvoted ? 
  it means gender equality with respect to assault rate or murder rate . 
  i do n't know why there is a ranking , apparently oecd prefers it when both genders are murdered equally often . 
  why not ? 
  you asked me if i experience huge problems and i said no . 
  no , i do n't experience any problems . 
  i invite you to live here for 6 months and then form your opinion again . 
  we have millions of people living here who originally came from other countries including ee and turkey and after time they became a valuable part of society and the majority are in fact a cultural and economic enrichment . 
  the refugee problem ( it is a problem ) is not exactly new to us and outsiders will not be able to understand the hole scenario from only reading facebook posts , reddit , and their own media . 
  i think it 's not a good idea in general if a foreigner tells other people what is happening in their country based on what he/she knows from his/her domestic media . 
  it 's equally annoying if people from outside germany tell me about the refugee situation in germany and how fucked we are ( we are not ) . 
   cdu are much more right wing and conservative except for the gay marriage topic , cdu is as left as it gets nowadays . 
  even more left than the spd in some cases which helped to kill them in the last elections . 
   eighty percent of our law is written in brussels . 
  is that true ? 
  did they ( isis ) ever explain why they are so obsessed with italy ? 
  i remember another message from them where they said rome was one of their first targets to conquer . 
  you are not exactly their worst enemy at the moment . 
  probably a connection to their prophecy about the army of `` rome '' which is predicted to battle them near dabiq . 
  they do n't seem to realize that today 's italy has not much to do with the `` rome '' of islamic literature . 
  unfortunately , r/europe slowly approaches the intellectual level of youtube discussions . 
  this thread and the comment you are responding to are prime examples . 
   germany is the most popular country on the planet germany is not even in the top 10 according to the source linked to this post . 
  does n't look like london at all . 
  make more games like `` the witcher '' . 
  witcher 3 did more for you image than 10 propaganda movies combined . 
  there is a difference between shooting down an airplane violating your airspace and not listening to warnings on common international frequencies and violating a treaty which would effectively mean ww3 . 
  as if turkey would sink a ship in the bosporus and thereby declare war against russia . 
   a russian soldier was seen carrying an air missile on his shoulder on board during the passing period totally . 
  this has been discussed a thousand times before . 
  alternative would be to sink refugee boats because you can not bring them back without violencing turkish borders . 
  only option is to use extraordinary military and diplomatic pressure to force turkey to keep them . 
  good luck with that . 
   make this continent the most unattractive place possible for migrants that 's really difficult if you compete with isis , syria or turkey on this matter . 
  no , they paid nothing . 
  they might pay , if he acts as promised . 
  the 3 bn will only be given to turkey if it fulfills its commitments , this is a payment , not a gift . 
  you can make deals even with people you do n't trust at all if you can pay them after you get the service . 
  does n't the `` commonwealth '' include countries like india , pakistan or bangladesh ?
