  you mean more suicidal ? 
  btw , numerous studies have shown that those who fear/hate gays are most likely hidden gays themselves . 
  imagine the eu introduced mandatory esperanto classes in schools of every member state in the early 90s . 
  or even a newly designed language `` yurop '' which combines the benefits of all the member states languages and is easy to learn . 
  that would have been a far bigger integrating factor than e.g the euro . 
  i would say hating the us is a part of german self-hate . 
  we have much more in common than many germans want to admit . 
  our culture is driven by us culture , because we have nothing similar to offer . 
   economically russia and europe is more connected than europe and the us . 
  europe maybe , the eu not . 
  the trade volumes between us and the us are far higher than between us and russia . 
  it 's strange . 
  when you google `` t\u00fcrken sind ... '' and click on the first autocomplete suggestion ( dogs ) , there are almost no links available which actually contain this sentence . 
  there are links to some forums where people ask why turks do n't like dogs . 
  the only real connection is a link to a newspaper source which cites a greek right wing mep who said once that `` turks are like dogs '' . 
  they are also murder-free zones , incest-free zones and torture-free zones , it 's essentially what those zones are . 
  this guy is clearly pushing an agenda without any knowledge of the real situation and the history of such events . 
  why else would he editorialize the title to make it sound that way ? 
  i guess he has it from the comment section of pi news . 
  i could n't find any other news about a rape there in 2015 . 
  but the meaning of the headline is not supported by the article if you understand german and makes no sense if you know the background of sexual harassment at festivities like that . 
  because you editorialized the title to something that is never mentioned in the article ? 
  same goes with the `` nazikeulen-heulsuse '' . 
  no , but it 's the same way as it was depicted on nsdap propaganda posters . 
  that 's why it leaves a bad taste for many germans . 
   using renewable capacity to phase out nuclear rather than coal is favouring coal . 
  it 's favouring renewable and tolerating coal . 
  favouring coal would mean to increase its share . 
   not to mention germany opened almost 10 new coal plants in the last few years . 
  the share did not rise which means that older plants have been closed . 
   grid insecurity you mean the grid insecurity which is predicted to come any moment since many years ? 
  you are talking about climate targets . 
  the question of u/preacherjonson was about the energy plan . 
  for beeing one of the most industialized countries in the world , germany has a moderate co2 output . 
  half the us value per capita for example . 
  the increase in renewables is compensating the decrease in nuclear . 
  there is no favouring of coal . 
  the share of coal has been almost constant since 2011 ( [ source ] ( https://www.cleanenergywire.org/sites/default/files/styles/large/public/images/factsheet/figure-2-gross-power-production-germany-1990-2014-terrawatt-hours.png?itok=6wnbpoeh ) ) . 
   their 2020 targets have been given up and investments in wind are about to be slashed . 
  source ? 
  goal for 2020 was 18 % of gross internal energy consumption . 
  we are at 14 % at the moment . 
  no , i 'm referring to other comparable singular cases where the outrage was there as well . 
   should russia just sit there and wait till nato parks its aircraft carrier near winter palace ? 
  whats the problem with that ? 
  no one is going to attack a nuclear power . 
  nato countries have russian 40k + troops directly `` exercising '' at their borders . 
  should they tolerate that ? 
  i would say yes . 
  i would 've expected that spain has much more influence from north africa considering that the moors ruled big parts of the country for more than 700 years . 
  where is the outrage guys ? 
  i mean the outrage i can usually witness here if there is any suspicion that police is not giving out the ethnicity of muslim suspects because of similar reasons . 
  it 's a strong signal but there is a high probablitiy that he will lose in the second round . 
  people who voted for the others parties candidates will most likely not vote for him then . 
  similarly to what happened to fn in the last elections when media headlines suggested that france has been taken over and in the end they got close to nothing . 
  not sure if russia would accept this . 
   trump 's ideas he was certainly not the first one to have this genius idea . 
  i 'm not sure if the court made a difference . 
  german police officers , as probably most of their colleagues in the world , do n't like to be provoked though . 
  he had promised not to recite it first and then started it as a `` poem analysis '' where he did exactly that . 
   it is not normal to have a condition of these sorts : as long as you do n't read this poem . 
  i never said it is . 
  it 's normal to go through an approval process though . 
   i 'm under the impression that it 's common practice in germany to do what you 're told by mother merkel says and then you talk about oversimplification on my side . 
  i do n't agree with what happened . 
  i just stated that there is an explanation for it and that it 's not about `` silencing dissidents '' as russia today and many here are putting it . 
   i do n't see german police on the autobahn detaining drivers for driving about the speed limit , even though that is a `` crime . '', 
  they actually do that . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uurds5fxji ) . 
  in the case of the demonstration , the detention had another dimension : the guy purposefully violated the conditions under whose the demonstration was approved ( no citing of the poem ) . 
  by doing this , the demonstration became illegal and was dissolved . 
   how is it okay that a demonstration has to be approved ? 
  this is the standard in many western countries . 
   is there no right to peaceful assembly in germany it 's a very basic right , part of the grundgesetz :  [ freedom of assembly ]  ( 1 ) all germans shall have the right to assemble peacefully and unarmed without prior notification or permission . 
   ( 2 ) in the case of outdoor assemblies , this right may be restricted by or pursuant to a law . 
  _  how the hell is it okay to approve a demonstration under the condition that a specific poem is n't cited ? 
  it 's not okay in my opinion . 
  but the government can do it because the legal bases around this poem are not clear yet ( satire or defamation ? 
  in this case the guy purposefully violated the conditions under whose the demonstration was approved ( no citing of the poem ) . 
  by doing this , the demonstration became illegal and had to be dissolved . 
  i agree . 
  but i did n't make the law and i 'm glad that it will be abolished soon . 
   the maximum sentence is prison actually . 
  which is never given . 
  how else would you enforce that law ? 
  by begging him to stop ? 
  also , there is more to it in this case . 
  quote from / u/marktplatz :  context : this rally was announced over a week ago , but the responsible court ordered that the poem could not be cited due to its unclear legal nature and due to the fact that the poem `` without the specific nature of the original context has a defamatory character '' . 
  this would likely be the case even if the infamous section 103 of our criminal code was n't existing . 
  this is simply based on committing a crime on a public rally . 
  defamation is a crime in many countries outside the common law area , this is not exclusive to germany . 
   but you detained the guy no , they just stopped him and took his personal data in a police van . 
  he is walking free now . 
  you can not simply declare defamation as satire and then you 're fine . 
  this way , the law would n't make sense . 
   the worst that can happen for defamation is a fine same in germany . 
  police has to intervene anyways . 
  defamation is illegal in austria as well . 
   german leadership always had a fear and/or hatred for the pirate party no . 
  there is a difference between defamation and criticism .
