  when talking about innovations , the quantity is not really what counts . 
  it 's the quality and the economic gain . 
  the economy including the high-tech sector of japan is not doing better than that of the eu . 
  korea still has a lot of growth potential and half the gdp per capita compared to germany . 
  i agree that the outlook is much better for china but this is not only due to their industrial policies but also to their three times bigger pool of talents , the much higher respect for science within the society and a higher enthusiasm in general because they come from nothing . 
  remember when japan was supposed to take the lead in the world until they went into economic stagnation for 20 years ? 
   already today , china can make most machine tools germans make at a quarter of the cost if this was true , germany would n't sell such tools anymore - yet the exports are rising and rising . 
  the growing asian countries value science and tech education a lot more than we do . 
  this is reflected by the decisions of their governments and the main reason for their strength in my impression . 
  but their growth gets into the same saturation we have in europe , the us and japan . 
   i have seen one high-tech industry after the other being lost i have a different impression to be honest . 
  yes , manufacturing ( which is highly automated meanwhile ) is mainly in asia because it 's cheaper . 
  many things of our modern daily life come from asia ( displays , smartphones , batteries ) . 
  but europe is very strong in fields which are not as close to the end user and are not easily noticed . 
  go to a scientific conference about semiconductor manufacturing and you will see a huge european impact . 
  asml from the netherlands and carl zeiss smt have a monopoly on extreme uv lithography which will give us the next generation of chips . 
  the competition is decades behind them . 
  maybe we are not digging the gold but we are selling the shovels which is even better . 
  we have all of the state-of-the-art know-how , we just do n't produce here because it does n't make sense from an economic perspective . 
  same goes for the us although they are much stronger in software . 
  video hits some alt-right nerves apparently - exactly as intended . 
   i also wonder which side of the story pays the most taxes ... 
  if you knew a little bit about the german society you would know which side . 
  what does her nationality have to do with that ? 
  she is working for the niesr which is not exactly known for bad research . 
  if the euro was more expensive , there would probably be less exported goods . 
  at the same time they would be worth more in usd so the sum does n't have to change necessarily . 
  in principle it has the power to decide not trade at all with the uk which would hurt the eu but absolutely destroy the uk . 
  it 's not supposed to happen but it is a `` big stick '' . 
  denying itself would n't be a problem . 
  the problem arises when you start trying to missionize others such that the objective facts do n't matter anymore at some point . 
  there are many people in this world who wish that the holocaust was never uncovered or just a fake . 
  the law is not against denial but against `` open denial '' . 
  bye-bye airspace usage , bye-bye non-aggression pacts . 
  i am not serious . 
  i just want to show where this mindset ultimately leads to : war . 
   look at what a country like poland costs us almost nothing or even a plus if we take all effects into account , especially longterm ? 
   are they not reading history books , watching history documentaries and generally taking an interest in the past ? 
  meanwhile , there are all kinds of documentaries out there which support whatever stance you want to take . 
  people think they study about history when they watch another `` holocaust was a us fabrication '' documentary . 
  the main problem these days is a lack of self-awareness and self-reflection together with a laziness to not research and identify original sources ( i do n't exclude myself from this ) . 
  you do n't need reports about hacks to take russia serious . 
  annexing bordering land and an openly hostile and anti-western government should already ring the alarm bells . 
  you speak as if the cold war was a one-sided conflict which it was n't at all . 
   the ukraine is a kleptocracy with no resources . 
  the association agreement and ultimately a membership can bring tremendeous change in this regard ( look at how romania and bulgaria have improved ) and does n't cost us much . 
  i do n't get this kind of egosim . 
  also , ukraine has vast resources especially in terms of soil . 
  iirc trump is not exactly a proponent of free trade if it does n't benefit the us to the maximum . 
   and if not why is junker telling him to fuck off ? 
  not everything junkers says and does is because of the uk . 
   european military would actually be a european nato , nothing more and nothing less . 
  and this would be enough for its tasks of defending europe if the training and cooperation is intensified . 
  we do n't need a superstate for an effective defense . 
  how many american soldiers died for germany so far ? 
  less than 10 probably . 
  how many german soldiers died for us interests in afghanistan ? 
  ~ 100 , many of them younger than me . 
  they got tore up by bullets , ripped apart by ieds , knived by inside attackers to stay in your language . 
  it was not hypothetical , it was real . 
  your story is a bit one-sided . 
  internal problems are often bad news for external actors . 
  he is actually a mainly powerless guy who is depicted as an unelected dictator by the enemies of the eu . 
  the real power lies within the european council consisting of the elected heads of states . 
  the so called `` eurosceptics '' do n't care about realities . 
  they want to bring the eu down to get back to survival of the fittest . 
   it 's obsolete , first because it was designed many , many years ago same holds for the us constitution . 
   secondly , countries are n't paying what they should yearly investment into military is not everything . 
  paying shitloads of money and hundreds of soldiers lifes for us adventures like afghanistan or iraq without getting anything but refugees in return is certainly a form of `` payment '' as well . 
   nato `` did n't deal with terrorism . '' afghanistan was a nato operation . 
  what should nato do in his eyes against terrorism ? 
  at some point it is understandable . 
  trump does n't care about people who have no real power . 
  i would n't be so optimistic to be frank . 
  yes , there is a chance for more unification . 
  at the same time trump made clear that he wants to play divide and rule , a goal he shares with putin . 
  what if our populations decide against integration especially if they come under propganda fire from breitbart and rt ? 
  all three players , us , russia and china are interested in destroying the eu . 
  it might just not be mature enough to survive these attacks . 
  the risk is huge in my opinion . 
  there is a difference in quality if you compare right wing violence to left wing violence . 
  setting cars aflame is not comparable to beating or torturing people to death . 
  in comparison neonazis killed many more people if we start counting in the 90s . 
  mainly due to the reasons i listed in my previous post . 
  emissions per gdp actually decreased last year . 
  0.8 % is not really worth to discuss . 
  this source clearly wants to push a pro-nuclear agenda . 
  the main point of increased emissions is not backed up by a source . 
  the numbers which seem to show an increase of 0.8 % are presented in a very misleading way . 
  there are multiple reasons why fossile energy consumption has increased , among them the strongest economic growth since 5 years , lowest cost for fossiles since many years , bad weather conditions for renewables and one million of new inhabitants who consume additional energy . 
  if we learned anything than that words mean basically nothing in international relations . 
  the uk foreign minister called erdogan a goat fucker . 
  most eu countries ( including germany ) do n't care about the rules for deficit spending or trade balance . 
  the us do n't give a fuck about the un security council . 
  it 's an endless list . 
  also , the 2 % is just an arbitrary number . 
  we would still be more than prepared if every non-us member spent the 1.4 % of germany instead of 2 % . 
  the reports about a disfunctional bundeswehr are way over the top btw and it 's not really a money problem . 
  i could even imagine that trump and/or some falcon republicans have an agreement with obama on these steps so they do n't have to do it themselves and trump can save face somewhat or at least wo n't get blackmailed immediately . 
  regardless of the recent rumours , i think that russia very well may have some compromitting material about the `` pussy grabber '' .
