  source ? 
  people also said that fukushima power plant could deal with a tsunami . 
  crash an airplane into it ? 
  infiltrate the plant ? 
  storm it with a paris like attack ? 
  talk means nothing and slovakia 's hysteria is completely out of scale . 
  permanent quotas are dead since quite some time . 
  no country can force you to take people who do n't want to live with you . 
  simple as that . 
  a well planned terror attack would be more than enough . 
  a terrorist attack is sufficient . 
   bad regulation if that happens in a country like japan , what makes you think that regulation is better in france ? 
  the eu comission is not germany . 
  it was a reactor of the chernobyl design , so there is a good reason to abondon it . 
   does that make more sense ? 
  yes, 
   i ca n't tell anyone here about it because i am afraid i will be called a racist . 
  i 've never met anyone who would call you racist for something like that . 
  you have terrible friends if this is true . 
  you did n't say that you got these numbers from your crystal ball . 
  you said it like it was actually happening . 
  there is no way to tell how many will arrive this year . 
  i can use your logic and say yesterday we had 103 so for the whole year it will be 31.930 . 
  your number was plain wrong and was upvoted because of a stupid circlejerk which destroys any sane discussion . 
  yesterday it was 103 persons [ [ source ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/politik/eu-fluechtlingspolitik-wiener-balkan-gipfel-spaltet-europa-1.2878124 ) ] . 
  please stop spreading bs . 
  he is correct , if the russia sponsored state terrorism of assad is included in his statement . 
  i somewhat doubt that though . 
  if only rebel terrorism was the problem , syrians would be fleeing to the parts governed by assad , who is supported by a majority of syrians according to putin . 
  putin lies when he opens his mouth and it is sad to see europeans buy this shit . 
  it 's also sad how orban spits into polands face . 
  imagine the shitstorm if similar pictures of merkel and putin would be released . 
  you nailed it . 
  comparing porsches to a warship . 
  by the way , germany cancelled the sale of an army training center to russia as well while the trade between russia and the us flourishes despite the sanctions [ [ link ] ( http://euromaidanpress.com/2015/05/31/us-russia-trade-flourishes-despite-sanctions/ ) ] . 
  quote :  at the beginning of the week , the texas-based company bell signed a licensing agreement with a russian helicopter manufacturer , despite the fact that the company belongs to the empire of state-owned rostec ( russian defense conglomerate -- ed . 
  ) , which is run by putin confidante sergei chemezov . 
  both rostec and chemezov are on the american sanctions list . 
  boeing is also undeterred by the sanctions : the aircraft manufacturer continues to operate a development center in the russian capital with 1,200 employees . 
  at the same time , siemens was left out of a billion-dollar contract for modern train units and the construction of a high-speed rail line from moscow to the booming provincial capital of kazan . 
  `` before the ukraine conflict , the germans would have gotten the nod , '' explained an industry insider . 
  now a chinese state-owned company has reaped the benefits . 
  i hope it means that we will get the `` fortress europe '' instead . 
   die welt , which is as i understand a respectable paper , feels it 's ok to publish something like `` poles killed more jews than germans during ww2 '' with no further commentary and no source ( would love to see them ) , just stated as a fact . 
  do you know what an interview is ? 
  if ahmadinejad says the holocaust did n't happen , it will be printed because the german public is mature enough to differ between a interviewed person and the `` opinion '' of the paper . 
  this was part of an essay , which is `` generally , a scholarly piece of writing that gives the author 's own argument '' ( wiki ) . 
  it does not reflect the `` opinion '' of `` die welt '' . 
  they were not refugees but illegal immigrants who should have been deported a long time ago . 
  law enforcment ca n't or does n't want to enforce the laws apparently . 
  this is the real scandal . 
  you can close the border and still ensure the flow of goods . 
  it needs a very sophisticated and fast system of control though which requires a lot of manpower . 
  we could use the army for that . 
  this would be my favourite solution as well . 
  germany could pay the same amount we would have to pay for them here and greece could use the rest for other purposes . 
  understandably , greece might still prefer to send them west though . 
  seems to be from 2014 . 
  wikipedia uses the same numbers from the cia factbook and says it is from 2014 . 
  i did n't say that the us is any different . 
  it 's just hypocritical to complain about a world war , if you can decide if it happens or not . 
  there will only be a world war if russia wants it . 
  the trade deficit within the eurozone , which includes all of the mentioned south european countries , is shrinking every year and almost negligible in the mean time . 
  the huge deficit is with trading partners from outside the eu . 
  he is exclusively talking about the eurozone . 
  and his premise , that germany has a significant trade deficit within it is factually wrong . 
  trade surplus within eurozone is only 2 % . 
  do you think thats too high ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  eurozone trade deficit of germany is only 2 % . 
  it 's understandable that poland fears a german-russian conspiracy . 
  however , besides north-stream 2 which is more tolerated than initiated by the current german government ( the plans were made quite a while ago ) , there are no signs of rapprochement between germany and russia . 
   to see whether it does attract a similar outcry or not . 
  what do you think ? 
  your honest opinion . 
  probably not because it would have been declared `` local news '' and deleted . 
  the difference in attention to both cases shows the bias not only from people on reddit but also from international media . 
  i do n't remember a similar outcry on r/europe when a german guy kidnapped a four year old refugee boy in berlin , raped him , killed him and the police accused his family first [ [ source ] ] ( http://news.nationalpost.com/news/berlin-police-arrest-32-year-old-man-linked-to-migrant-boys-abduction-after-a-body-was-found-in-his-car ) . 
  which means they have to be detained at minimum costs until they decide to leave voluntarily . 
  simple as that . 
  they implemented border controls and do n't let refugees pass , so they closed borders for them . 
  where they came from ? 
  otherwise detain them until they remember their home country and leave voluntarily . 
  www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/sweden/11990885/if-even-sweden-is-closing-its-borders-to-refugees-this-really-could-be-the-end-for-mass-immigration.html www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/28/sweden-to-expel-up-to-80000-rejected-asylum-seekers you can check the dates of the articles yourself . 
  sweden closed its borders and announced to send back 60.000 immigrants . 
  i 'm sure she has realized it . 
  but she can not admit it . 
  she is already alone . 
  sweden and austria made their u-turns in the meantime . 
  i wonder how this thread would react if the title was `` i do not want to start a family in afghanistan '' ? 
  you know it . 
  `` balkanisation '' is even a word in the dictionary to describe more or less the same . 
  i guess the people making the oxford dictionary are ignorant and live in their german bubble . 
  sorry if that hurts your feelings . 
  people said the same about the balkans . 
  main reason is probably that russia among others is using israeli drones . 
  at least one of them was brought down over ukraine . 
   germans need to accept that foreigners do n't see themselves as germans but see germany as their home . 
  agree . 
  also , many immigrants are actually more german than they like to admit by just behaving like the rest of the population .
