it was strongly amplified and distorted by foreign media , but a politician needs to take this into account . 
  the fact that merkel has no clue how social media work , did n't help either . 
   have you sources for your claims that there is more violence and deaths now ? 
  absolute or relativ more deaths ? 
  the more people trying to cross the mediterranean from the perfectly safe country turkey , the more people will drown . 
  i can not understand how you can support this `` survival of the fittest '' approach , merkel encourages . 
  we should take the refugees who need our help the most , not those who have 10k euros in cash and the strongest ellbows . 
   it 's fault of the media people not from syria feel invited , merkel clearly said we wo n't send back syrians to the first entry country . 
  no , it 's merkels fault , because media reactions always have to be taken into account . 
  thats how politics work and she knew it . 
  her behaviour is irresponsible , not only towards germany and the rest of europe but also towards the real refugees who get pushed out of the way by those who are wrongly encouraged . 
   ... either case they do n't belong to the eu if they act like this . 
  we have no right to force them to take the refuguees we created with false promises . 
  what 's the difference then to the un refugee camps in turkey or jordan , except that it will be much colder ? 
  these people are n't coming to live in camps . 
  they want a better life . 
  the extra money is n't worth that much if they are stuck in the countryside . 
  yesterday they pulled the emergency brakes of a train to berlin twice to escape the german system of care . 
  that does n't mean they agree with her naive statements of the last days and weeks , which lead to many more deaths at sea , more violence and migrants who feel invited although they do n't have the slightest chance to be accepted . 
  as a byproduct she is seriously damaging the eu and destroys the work of many years of building trust especially with our eastern neighbours . 
  did n't know the huffpost was connected to the afd but now their style of reporting makes sense . 
  the letter is now added to the article . 
  i think it will depend if the activists ( or someone else ) file ( s ) charges . 
  with that evidence , they surely will be convicted . 
  hopefully some of these guys are on probation and can be deported for it or refused reentry . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.unian.info/politics/1087981-20-eu-countries-ratify-association-agreement-with-ukraine.html ) is some info . 
  as of june , the following 8 countries had n't ratified the agreement : czech republic , france , belgium , netherlands , austria , greece , italy , and cyprus . 
  i am sure the 3 % of gdp which is added to poland just by eu payments every year is worth more than the suggestions of a few politicians which apparently will never be enforced . 
  but it shows perfectly that her actions of the last weeks have utterly failed , mainly because she still does n't understand the internet and how messages spread nowadays . 
  i do n't see how going from `` we can manage that '' to `` we ca n't manage that and we summoned the beast '' within a few days is good for her . 
   prevent a humanitarian crisis in germany by creating one in austria , which is even less prepared than the strained munich ? 
  sounds clever . 
   from what basic knowledge i know , is n't the eu a council with no de facto figurehead or leader ? 
  you are correct . 
  a majority is following the german line and blames it at the same time . 
  i wish the other countries would form more of a counterweight from time to time . 
  france and the uk are enough to to change the direction . 
  apparently they prefer to project power everywhere else other than the eu . 
   instead , says the lebanese newspaper al diyar , saudi arabia offer for the muslim refugees who are received in germany , the construction of 200 mosques . 
  although the newspaper writes that should be done in accordance with the federal government . 
  i highly doubt that the federal government will agree to that , since cutting back the influence of foreign imams has been at the top of the list in the last years . 
  but who cares about the article , if there is a headline like this . 
  germany did n't give mines to the peshmerga . 
  the people who give asylum permissions should be obliged to browse their `` clients '' facebook profiles . 
  your post sounds like straight from russia today . 
  since when is the us secretary of state pushing for german interests ? 
  you should inform yourself on why south stream was cancelled . 
  you can not believe that private companies try to make profit ? 
  south stream was cancelled by russia not germany . 
  south stream was cancelled by putin himself . 
  north stream already exists since 2011 . 
  what 's really behind the exaggerated title is that the number of pipelines is to be doubled from 2 to 4 by a private consortium ( not `` germany '' ) with gazprom paying for the majority of the costs . 
   merkel saying that all are welcome to germany is a knee-jerk reaction and it did n't happen . 
  she never said that . 
  i agree there is an unhealthy pull from some german politicians , but we should n't spread wrong information . 
  just read the spiegel article where they explained that pegida is a middle class driven movement which does n't really fit to your impression . 
  it was the president who said this and not a media outlet as far as i am informed . 
  it would be great if you could provide a source . 
  b. . . but ... does n't the sch\u00e4uble gremlin pic and the selective comparison of manufacturing output convince you that germany is the evil puppetmaster of europe ? 
  and how british media report about them . 
  if you compare it to other outlets from the continent you will see the difference . 
  not as good for your health if you are an employee though . 
  i do n't want to directly compete with people who take 3 days vacation a year . 
  unlike you ? 
  you mean uploaded today . 
  because there is nothing in the news about it . 
  he and blatter had their money on argentina apparently . 
  or they are just lizards . 
  i follow the conflict quity closely and i do n't deny russian casualties . 
  i am the last to defend putin 's agression . 
  i also do n't believe that ` both sources are just as untruthworthy ' , the russian side is leading here by a huge margin . 
  but that also does n't mean i have to buy every bullshit someone posts on the internet . 
  and this letter someone wrote in ms word , took a pic with his smartphone and uploaded it to a random website is nothing i will defend and upvote . 
  i am sorry for that . 
  btw , stopfake.org is usually debunks russian fakes and is far from `` red propaganda '' . 
  edit : just to add something : if you have a compare how / r/ukrainianconflict ( usually a very pro-ukraine sub ) reacted to these news , you will see how ignorant / r/europe can be from time to time . 
  i ca n't believe that people in this thread still defend these obvious fake news which violated any standards of good journalism . 
  you seem to have less common sense than some rt readers . 
  username does n't check out . 
   ... settled into a muslim neighbourhood where they all speak arabic . 
  i 've been there multiple times . 
  many speak arabic . 
  but except from some older people , their german is quite good as well . 
  often better than that of the newly settled hipsters from english-speaking countries . 
   well i 'm obviously not directing this at the syrian refugees who have just gotten off the boat . 
  the article we are talking about does though . 
   you do n't see this in america so i 'm just asking why . 
  because only the well educated come to the us . 
  the middle east conflicts , where the poor are hit the most are in a comfy distance to the us . 
  sonnenallee is actually one of the hippest streets in berlin , flooded by hipsters from all over the world but `` arab ghetto '' surely makes for the better headlines . 
  because they did n't arrive three days ago ? 
  you forgot the quotation marks at `` aggressive '' . 
  he has the reasoning of a five year old . 
  you can already guess from his words that there will be another war . 
  because germany picked the fight with the world and lost because of the us , it will always `` come out top '' ? 
  what ? 
  today it was at 1.17 for some time . 
  i hope we will reach 1.20 before my vacation starts ... 
  if these are the kind of russian `` tourists '' from eastern ukraine , i do n't see a problem there . 
  his motivation was that the anglosphere was openly starting a bullshit war .
