  since we do compilation shit post threads please do one about '' r/europe mods are facists '' and pin it . 
  i seriously need somewhere to cool of from a hard work day . 
  other recommendations include `` x is not europe '', 
  guess who owned half of africa 1 century ago ... 
  what does r/islam have to say about this ? 
  i would visit there it it 's a subreddit no grata for me ... 
  it gets downvoted because this subreddit considers turkey asia/middle eastern . 
  it 's a stupid logic that get amplified by turkeys policies under sultan erdo ... no need to defend or derail this topic . 
  mods are actively deleting comments for that . 
  if you look at the degree he messed up with his citizens it 's way worse than mao . 
  of course he did n't kill as many . 
  but he made the worst communist state by far . 
  8 have met people who lived during that time and even though they had money ( because the were coming from a capitalist state ) they were starving and could n't find ways to get their basic vitamins leading to hair loss teeth falling of and etc. 
  albania with its also crazy dictatorship was better . 
  ceausescu or how it it written was the most brutal communist leader during the cold war second only to maybe khamer rouge in cambodia . 
  [ video in question ] ( https://youtu.be/0bdrxgiyrsw ) [ wiki link ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolae_ceau%c8%99escu?wprov=sfla1 ), 
  brutally killing him and his wife ( it was n't even a proper execution ) and broadcasting it to the whole nation is one of those television scenes where it makes me puke and get disgusted for many reasons . 
  watching it even now makes me feel a little unease ... 
  to be fair he was n't the first to do atrocities . 
  but that man did it better than anyone in his time . 
  only in ww2 and after with hitler mao and stalin would the world see something worse . 
  also let 's not forget the other two pashas with were just as worse . 
  this coupled with maybe the worst sultan of all time made it possible for all the atrocities in this region . 
  nowadays you can visit enver pasha sokaks all over turkey ... 
  it is enough to make anyone who knows history cringe . 
  hopefully great sultan erdo\u011fan will change those names to erdo\u011fan pasha . 
  meanwhile in the ottoman empire ... yep lets forget that ... 
  numbers of all those deaths does n't even add up to the assirian genocide . 
  well ... actually its origins come from arabia ... 
  so correct term is arabic coffee . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arabic_coffee well you didnt like the gavurs so now quit being an armchair general march and hope for justice ... or just migrate to a country with justice like greece ( shameless advertisement ) :p, 
  well i am getting all lubed and ready for the armchair battle thats is coming in 1 2 days . 
  i have already bought lots of turkish/greek coffe and turkish tea for caffeine adrenaline !, 
  i am expecting order 66 blood panic and lots of laud cherry mx blue typing for turkish justice on my part !, 
   i think you mean hatay . 
  yes i meant hatay thank you for correcting me !, 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  in general the whole dispute is just an excuse to buy more weapons . 
  the kardak imia incident was so staged and stupid in retrospect that it makes me question humanity ... stupid majors . 
  reporters going and setting a flag because their boss asked them too . 
  noone talking to each other ... 
  any turk here please explain to me why you so desperately want those islands ? 
  are they worth the money the blood and the bad relationships with all your neighbours due to this policy ? 
  they have always been hugely with greek majority . 
  not like crete or cyprus witch were 60/40 or 50/50 . 
  even with a referendum after ww2 there is no way they would have joined turkey unlike adana . 
  the idea of megali ellada died because there was no point to it why hasnt turkeys ottoman dream ( lets call it that ) died too ? 
   haluk sami kalkavan , the captain of the ship , m/v act , told private broadcaster cnn t\u00fcrk in a phone call that greek coast guard boats fired shots on the ship around three miles off the island of rhodes from hurriet, 
  if you download anything from torrents you are in danger of being hit with a huge fine . 
  and vpn is one of the only ways to get around that . 
  other is downloading though a seed box . 
  but as part of other parties . 
  i meant if the threshold was 5 % then arabs armenians and many others would have independent parties in the parliament . 
  and thus severally decreasing erdo\u011fans power . 
  it 's simple maths . 
  1789 best year of my life ... do n't ruin it emmy !, 
  that 's good at least chp is doing some things smart . 
  and so is erdogan ... 
  this would signal the end of him . 
  tbh all there needed to be done to completely destroy erdo\u011fan is a 3 or 5 % entrance cap for the parliament . 
  problem is then arabs armenians hardcore islamists and bunch of local parties would be in the parliament . 
  which the kemalists do n't want . 
  tbh i am shocked !, 
  he seems to be listening to his advisors ... 
  the good ones or reading reddit !, 
  hopefully this will be the first step on stopping this awful law . 
  basically i found internet in germany to be unusable without vpn . 
  only other country this bad i have visited is turkey . 
  so i guess erdogan will say they are terrorists , pkk supporters , nazis , evolution theory supporters , drunkards , anti religion fanatics , bunch of gays and lesbians !, 
  am i forgetting something ? 
  ... its definitely difficult to remember all that stuff because of the of erodgans imagination !, 
  still too little ( chp should sought support and unite everyone at any cost . 
  just one march will not be enough ) too soft ( marching although admirable he should attack erdogan and his policies directly ) too late ( chp should have acted back on 2013 and not voted in favour of erdo and supported his cleaning and anti kurd policies ), 
  too little too soft too late . 
  there are more chances that erdogan may die from natural causes than this march forcing him to take action . 
  still best of luck komsu !, 
  tell that to turkey ... 
  they have demanded inhabited islands on the past even as far as gavdos ( a small island under crete ) . 
  thats why we take this shit seriously !, 
  firstly the bell tower is not needed and often only a hanging bell is used . 
  normal educated people preserve their history and culture . 
  citizens of chania and rethimnon where the most educated in crete during the cretan independece . 
  heraklion was a dying city ( culturally ) with fanatism and attrocities . 
  thats why there they got destroyed . 
  also archbishops of crete are way less fanatical and `` gangser like '' compared to rest of greece . 
  if you see him you would realize and respect him compared to the archpishop of athens and thessaloniki which i despise . 
  and thats coming from an atheist btw . 
  why keep the bell tower ? 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_nicholas ), 
  goes both ways, 
  best solution actually ... make all churches caffes ... clearly the atheist center of worship i would visit the church everyday then !, 
   the church of agios nikolaos ( st nicholas ) in splantzia square ( nowadays known as 1821 square ) was built by the venetians as a convent of the old dominican friary . 
   the building of the church commenced in 1205 and was completed in 1320 . 
    after the predominance of the turks in chania , in 1645 , the church was converted into main mosque of the city and was named chiougkar hassan , in honor of sultan ibrahim . 
   during the ottoman rule it served as a place of prayer and a barracks of the turkish janissaries . 
   the church housed the sacred sword of the turkish dervish , stored in a luxurious gold case adorned with precious stones , as it was used for healing the sick or in difficult cases of child births . 
    in 1918 , after the conquer of the orthodox christians , the mosque turned into a christian basilica church , dedicated to saint nicholas , the patron saint of sailors . 
   the impressive minaret features two circular balconies which during the ottoman rule were called `` serifiedes '' and was recently restored according to the original venetian construction technique . 
   it celebrates on december 6 . 
    on the northeast corner of the square there is the venetian church of san rocco who was the protector against the plague and all contagious diseases .
