  a greek flag mind you . 
  you should have said `` some very small islands that greece ** allegedly ** took since 2004 '', 
   some very small islands that greece took since 2004 you realize that this sounds ridiculous ? 
  xenos comes from the greek word of hospitality . 
  foreigners you were supposed to treat them and offer them your hospitality . 
  people who you did n't offer your hospitality were called enemies . 
  so the correct word would be ehthrophobia . 
  greeks have in general leave facial hair . 
  only people who can not grow a beard or are not allowed due to work have no beard in greece . 
  and this percent would be much lower if you only looked people from asia minor . 
  in general turks have nothing in common with the old turkic nomad tribes . 
  especially comparing greeks with turks form asia minor . 
  i went to izmir and everyone thought i was turkish and said i had a turkish face . 
  culture is the same except instead of tea we drink more raki and wine . 
  i do n't care about religion . 
  the greek diaspora is stuck in 19th century and that 's putting it mildly . 
  and so is the greek reddit community btw ... 
  they have another chance for an appeal in greek higher court . 
  in general it seams that the judges decided that they did not want to take this decision themselves so they decided negatively . 
  i do n't give a damm . 
  i think of t\u00fcrkish people as brothers . 
  at least those from asia minor . 
  but cretan gyros is the best gyros ever ... 
  i avoid eating gyros from mainland greece . 
  ps : except akp and mhp supporters ... and gray wolves, 
  you are allowed to stay in greece indefinitely as long as you have 250.000 euros worth of assets in greece . 
  culture is nearly the same instead of muslim fanatics we have orthodox fanatics and instead of too much tea we drink too much raki . 
  it will be like living in izmir !, 
  probably even less gavur !, 
  trust me i have been in izmir i know :p, 
  also we greeks use \u03c1\u03c9\u03bc\u03b9\u03bf\u03b9 ( same as rum meaning romans ) in order to say that someone has greek ancestry . 
  independence is your only chance to get rid of this gorilla ... 
  someone skiped classes i fell ... 
   almond mustache http://www.generationaldynamics.com/ww2010/g150623c.jpg thank you sir this is golden !, 
  well actually i remember hearing about it but i cant find articles about it ... to much stupid stuff your ministers have said and he has said too many nazi remnants so google cant help me ... 
  but the most outrageous thing is demanding gaudos . 
  actually all claims are stupid but gaudos takes the cake . 
  but rotating presidency got accepted by the greeks if everyone would leave their armies and dropped the guarantees . 
  just for those who do n't know who menderes is please use this function : erdo\u011fan * 100 = menderes, 
  remember about what you were marching 1 week ago ? 
  or else there is no justice . 
  if you continue to do this mistake 20 40 50 100 years from now turkey will be 3 countries fighting each other and longing for their old civilised nemesis greece . 
  actually this project has been discussed 1974 before . 
  but it is a bit too optimistic . 
  most likely a trainline from thessaloniki kavala alexandroupoli burgas ruse will be made instead . 
  although the chinese push strong for trading with the eu and they avoid turkey and russia for some reason . 
  link please ... 
  it 's true they sometimes get annoying with turk hating . 
  but never once have they confused facts to their benefit like you do . 
  learn history and then comment . 
  or use google like you said . 
  for example : 1st balkan wars ww1 ww2 yes we fought with the allies in all fronts and in the end got those 12 islands . 
  but nothing matters it 's all history . 
  we live in the now and we have better things to do than feed you . 
  that 's not enough my comrade ... 
  if i listen to the rhetoric of our opposition or french opposition it 's definitely not the representative opinion of a country . 
  if their target is greece then they must be really desperate ... also i hate it to remind you thar all of war immigrants go directly to their neighbours under international law . 
  so yes if something serious happened to turkey or civil war they will all end up in greece bulgaria etc. . . 
  depends who actually . 
  younger generation and those from the west side are not like that . 
  visit places meet people and then decide . 
  as much as it pains me to say ... we know have a islamic dictatorship with imperialistic tendencies as a neighbour ... maybe it 's time we start teaching deus vult in our curriculum . 
  and by us i mean the eu . 
  jokes aside ... good luck kom\u015fu karde\u015fim . 
  if erdo sultan wins the next elections only salvation for secular turks is revolt or immigration . 
  the whole world including turkey outside of the aegean recognises 12nm . 
  dude do you have a life ? 
  if not get one quick ... good luck, 
  this belief is held by many . 
  and it 's true it will help trade of course . 
  and if turkey is serious about joining the eu she will be forced to give up on her imperialistic claims like 6nm tetitorial waters , wanting dodecanese , cyprus issue , athens ifr , all international rules which turkey does n't recognise . 
  in practice turkey has still the old ottoman logic that wants her to be feeling like a superpower . 
  what benefit would turkey have by owning those 12 islands full of greeks ? 
  or some small uninhibited aegean island ? 
  nada ... no reason just pure nationalism . 
  in practice turkey wo n't join the eu as it stands now . 
  only if the whole nation splits in 3 is there a chance . 
  it 's the basis of greek roman religion . 
  wikipedia can help you . 
  erdoganistan , erdo sultanete , rize empire all those names i have jokingly called turkey after the coup ... 
  i was in izmir after the referendum and i could see a once lively city with confidence turn to a solemn place . 
  everyone was disappointed did n't talk and looked at me with envy because i could freely leave this newly found dictatorship . 
  now even leader of chp thinks like that and my satire turns into tragedy . 
  so this is how liberty dies ... with a thunderous applause !, 
  it was the right thing to close them down . 
  and maybe consider never to open them again because of the high chance to brainwash students and push for coups . 
  no modern country should have those ... or at least have them curated very heavily . 
  so yes i support erdo on this i am sorry . 
  military high schools ? 
  you mean military academies after high school ? 
  please explain further ... 
  1789 best year of my life !, 
  everything but the best is from young beef or however it is called . 
  not 30 euros worth it no ... 
  i can cook the same by myself . 
  and with the rest of the money i can donate to unisef or something . 
  saherltorte is worth every penny though . 
  plus then you learn that they do n't serve beer . 
  which is all kinds of fed up ... 
  too democratic indeed ... \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af,
