  well considering that the turkish minority in greece is alive and well . 
  and looking what happened to the greeks left behind in turkey , i call bs !, 
  i have even seen greek cars with attaturks signature going around . 
  do that with venizelos in turkey and try to come out alive . 
  dont even dare to mention cyprus ... 
  in cyprus situation the english are to blame for everything . 
  yeah you are right but the rights sole purpose now is to slam the government for not solving problems they have created . 
  no recommendations no proposals nothing . 
  it was fine the first month but now 2 years have passed and its getting stale ... 
  well and thats not including that summer is the most profitable season in greece due tourism . 
  but conservatives in our country just like to slam down on the government so they ignore all reason ... 
  i am betting they will slam this news as a defeat of the government again . 
  time to not visit any greek news site for 2 days or so i guess ... 
  if it did that it would mean go to war with germany ... its old prussia ... really ww3 simulation there ... 
  thank you for the downvote ! \u2764 \u2764 \u2764, 
  kaliningrad ( konigsberg ) is an exclave of russia bordering poland and lithuania . 
  so i meant why have you circled kaliningrad ? 
  its part of russia ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad_oblast, 
  why have you included russia ? 
  smyrna we must have smyrna ... 
  wait wait ... 
  please send me a source about this !, 
  if that 's true turkey is fubar, 
  constantinople ... 
  the extasy !, 
  vive la france !, 
  1789 best year of my life !, 
  so he basically violates ataturk every day by his mere presence ... 
  the guy must be begging for his portrait to go somewhere else ... 
  someone please connect ataturk in his grave to the power grid . 
  do it for humanity !, 
  such a waste of energy . 
  i dont like memes and copypasta nothing personal dude ... 
  hungarian cannon you mean ... and may 7th or may 20th is far more important day to greek history than the fall of constantinople . 
  i hope you know what those dates mean ... btw i suggest you read this article : http://tvxs.gr/news/blogarontas/i-eleni-arbeler-dialyei-toys-mythoys-gia-tin-alosi-kerkoporta-asteia-pragmata, 
  am i the only one who got annoyed because of the waste of fuel and the damage of the enviroment ? 
  btw why are r/europe r/greece r/turkey so crazy about 1453 ? 
  for me a far more important year in human history is 1789 . 
  center party ( central union ) predecessors of pasok, 
  he was 99 years old it was long over due ... and he was definitely very admirable in his political career . 
  but kirgiakos is a joke no matter what you say to me ... no plan no ideals just demonizes syriza and says ridiculous stuff . 
  he knows he wo n't be able to do any better in fact he will probably do whatever merkels ask of him immediately . 
  every word that comes from his mouth are lies . 
  it was called central union at that time . 
  he was an mporeis from 1961 till 1974 . 
  yes pasok views him as a traitor . 
   he followed most of the old liberal party into georgios papandreou 's center union in 1961 . 
  but in 1965 he led a group of dissidents , known as the `` july apostates '' or `` apostasia '' , who crossed the floor to bring about the fall of papandreou 's government ( el ) , which earned him the long-time hatred of papandreou loyalists as well as a significant part of greek society . 
  from wiki yes my friend many here have a tendency to forget that he is part of the oldest political family . 
  he together with 3 other families is the reason why greece political system is so corrupt . 
  we should not forget or confuse history you are right . 
  finally !, 
  it 's been long coming ... 
  i mean the whole nation joked that he would never die !, 
  he was hated by his party because he was the thacher equivalent . 
  the left called him a traitor because he switched from socialist to conservative party . 
  the far left noted that he was the epitome of family and nepotism . 
  in all he was much more serious and considerate than his son/grandson and daughter ( both are borderline comic characters imho and to many others ) . 
  one trip to r/turkey and you see 10 posts with the word \u00e7omar in them the rest google takes care ... btw this sub is shitpost heaven ... 
  well `` you '' voted for a comar for president what did you expect ? 
  he eats like a pig . 
  ramadan or not i expect him to be like that in private !, 
  edit : but that said my father always told me that women and chickens both need hands ... 
  btw there is a trireme is missing !, 
  dude we have a crazy sultanate next door what can we do ? 
  second from the right looks like a robot to me ... 
  i dont know whose wife she is ... and edime is the alien one ... actually many turks call her alien anyway !, 
  omg ... we have one anorexic an alien a top model a robot and a gay !, 
  weirdest photo of 2017 for me ... 
  its 400 euro because of west aegean side and eskisehir region ... east turkey is rumania level or lower ... 
  i have around 10 turkish friends and because of recent events ( erdogan , referendum , islamic rise ) want to leave turkey asap . 
  if turkey joins the eu it will loose 20 % of its population i guarantee that ... 
  i didnt go tho r/greece and i refuse to do so ... 
  i guessed . 
  if you said it like that kudos to you you have my upvote !, 
  and cancer is the subreddit as a whole you are the smallest part of the puzzle ... 
  no i mean they usually check the letters for bombs and they usually spot them . 
  the vocal majority of this sub is very conservative ... 
  so without going there i will guess that they are wishing for tsipras to die . 
  even though papadimos was the most incompetent ~ ~ president ~ ~ pm ... 
  he did nothing in the worst period the country has ever faced ... ~ ~ pavlopoulos the current president is much better imho ... ~ ~ still i expect some sick fucks to wish for more people to die ... 
  this subreddit is cancer !, 
  edit : pm not president i suck ... 
  wow ... 
  they have been sending those packages as long as i remember and all have been caught ... this is really weird that it happened to the ex president ... edit : now r/greece is going to become even more toxic and a non grata subreddit for me ... 
  please relax canim ... 
  i remember your name from many threads that have to do about armenia greece . 
  and in all of them you were very adamant about your opinions which is a good thing . 
  but you kept replying and replying to the point you were sounding really silly . 
  like i said build bridges and make love is the way forward askim ... 
  i am sure we all have better things to do than discuss and get salty over a war that happened 100 years ago and probably wasnt the proudest moment in our nations history ... you both look like starting a new war instead of building bridges and making love ... 
  give up trying to convince him and reason with him ... 
  he is showing up in every armenia topic and igniting fires ... 
  careful there ... 
  it goes both ways ... 
  i do n't have any problem with trying rats insects or even egg with its fetus cooked or horse meat with blood and even dogs and cats !, 
  just when i have the chance try something new and it wo n't kill me i try it while being open minded . 
  then i make my judgement if i like it or not . 
  going predetermined and not liking something and having taboos without reason is not the way forward . 
  pork needs to be prepared and cooked right .
