link for that song or be dammed / s, 
  tbh from what i know of turkish constitution it 's in need of a change ... just not in the way erdogan wants it ... for example 10 % barrier to entry on the parliament is borderline dictatorial . 
  btw i am in izmir for vacation at the moment and i only have seen couple of small hay\u0131r posters . 
  in contrast there are big evet posters with erdogan and his lapdog ( i ca n't remember his name ) everywhere . 
  and i have been told not to go to the city centre today because he has an evet rally/speech . 
  which is borderline unconstitutional because of 1 week ban on rallies before elections . 
  but he uses some excuse that he is a president of the republic and there fore independent to do it . 
  btw also i found it funny that he had to gather his fans from all around the ionia region because izmir is all chp, 
  relevant wikipedia article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus%e2%80%93turkey_maritime_zones_dispute, 
  is it true that he plans to pray in hagia sofia on the day of the referendum ? 
  or is it just bad press from the other side of the aegean ? 
  if thats true and he wins the referendum we basically have ottoman empire nr2 ... 
  now we know what erdogan dreams when he is asleep ... 
  its the second time i visit izmir . 
  i have erasmus friends there . 
  and my ancestral homeland is nev sehir which i might visit but nothing sure yet . 
  thank you either way . 
  too late for me ... 
  i should have wondered why tickets were that cheap ... hopefully izmir wont be that violent ... 
  get 250k in assets in greece and you can have citizenship !, 
  actually its the other way around i think ... just nc is nearly a banana republic, 
  maximum height is 27 metres . 
  but highest building is athens tower wich is around 100 metres . 
  during junta laws were different . 
  the comments on that video are cancer . 
  but in general so is greek football . 
   3 million syrians . 
  no 3 million turks is all i see . 
  your grand sultan has makes all muslims turks !, 
  long live the erdo sultanate !, 
  well someone stole a clock from izmir clock tower in the coup ... 
  probably akp supporters ... btw if they tried to do that in an usa consulate they would have ended up in guantanamo . 
  like i said difference between izmir witch is the only place i have visited and greece is religion and language . 
  both me and my friends say so . 
  eastern turkey must be completely different . 
  but i have never visited so i wont say anything . 
  unlike some fellow greeks here i like to travel and meet people and then judge . 
  they say that they are if you ask them . 
  but in reality they are mostly hypocrites . 
  only remember religion when it suits them and only go to church when there is a cultural event . 
  yes i see everyone fasts and visits the church once per year on easter and that is so he can light up some fireworks . 
  and also joins at the end of supposed fasting and dies from too much food . 
  i can clearly see how religious greeks are ... / s, 
  first of my turkish friend who came in crete said its really familiar with izmir just less chaos . 
  i have been only to izmir so i will describe the differences ... main difference of greece between turkey and greece is the religion . 
  so basically greece is a bit more gavur than izmir . 
  or maybe even less ... you dont walk inside the centre and see transexual prostitutes for example even in the worst districts in athens . 
  there is no tea and breakfast culture . 
  instead big meal is the dinner and everyone drinks raki ( ouzo , tsipouro , cretan raki ) or wine on a meal . 
  pork is unavoidable and in general greeks dont care what type of meat they eat . 
  pork is cheap so get used to it . 
  ( also when cooked good its better than any other meat so be more open . ), 
  meals and delicacies are nearly the same but more gavur ( with pork and cooked with alcohol ) . 
  no imam 5 times per day but instead there are bells . 
  people look the same on most part . 
  same expressions ( also body language ) many common words ps : please note that most greek reddit users are nationalistic . 
  or those are the more vocal ones . 
  please dont think the whole country hates turkish people . 
  in fact most are preaty possitive and think of turkish people from west turkey as brothers with other religion . 
  komsu gavurli arkadas out !, 
  depends on what island and even then most businesses wont overcharge you . 
  it means to the city or into the city . 
  there is a thing called sarcasm in reddit, 
  oh can you link us the graphs ? 
  the best archaeological site i have visited right there with vergina and acropolis imho ... as a greek i am glad the site is in safe hands !, 
  it needs some safe keeping since erdo sultans ambitions are on the rise !, 
  not even then : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_iconoclasm#the_second_iconoclast_period:_814.e2.80.93842, 
  stop reading protothema.gr, 
  not really ... 
  they where a 3 % party for the most part . 
  you can say that they mishandled the crisis but no one can accuse them for corruption or making the crisis . 
   islamist indoctrination in schools , insane taxation for alcohol , peer pressure against the irreligious , building mosques and imam hatip everywhere wait are you suggesting or does all of that stuff happen in turkey ? 
  i just read the commends ... ok america is fed up ... 
  it all adds up ... 
  gavur izmir you mean ? 
  ouzo ? 
  not crete maybe lesbos ... 
  then call it tradition or stereotype :p, 
  even through ancient times if you wanted the best archers money could buy you bought cretan archers . 
  it runs deep through genes i think ... 
  but it mostly came to remoteness and lack of proper state control . 
  the german paratropers found that out the hard way ... 
  because every house in crete has guns . 
  some are extremely gunhappy but only a small amount . 
  every house has family guns though they may never use them but they keep them around as heirlooms . 
  even my family who is considered very left has a gun . 
  and i dont know any family who does n't own at least one family gun . 
  would be awesome but we live in uganda ... edit : sorry i meant a secular republic of congo edit2 : ok ok greece, 
  someone please provide real subtitles for this ... 
  i dont care about the cross ... 
  i am greek and atheist so the cross is unnecessary imho ... 
  condoms money and no girlfriend/boyfriend at home . 
  enjoy orgasmus !!!, 
  good because before 2014 no one used credit cards ... 
  even now greece is far behind compared to other countries in eu and even turkey which i have visited ... its outraging to visit bars and food places and not being able to pay with visa because they dont have the equipment . 
  this is actually very true . 
  i was in an international solidarity parade once and someone ended up giving me a greek flag . 
  we greeks generally only use flags on national holidays . 
  and overuse of the greek flag will label you as a fascist . 
  my turkish friends where shocked because i was not using the flag properly and they demanded me to stop that and even folded it for me .
