bus line no . 
  what a classic  sometimes i miss cluj !, 
  nope . 
  i am neither , 
  just . 
  the pre-oug13 / 2017 law text did n't mention `` knowingly '' . 
  basically if you cause a prejudice , even by mistake , you could face jail time . 
  still , this is no reason to reqrite the law as it has been re-written . 
   let me just confirm all of the ad hominems by stating that i 'm a retired communist who gets all their news from antena 3 trying to make the critics of your point of view feel guilty . 
  appeal to emotion . 
  if you criticize logical fallacies , be the one that does n't use them . 
   romania was one of only 12 european countries punishing abuse of office by prison , the other countries include lovely places like albania , bulgaria and belarus , all former soviet states . 
  romania is also one of the countries with highest corruption level . 
  correlation fallacy . 
  you say that the presence of anti-corruption laws correlate , in the european countries , with said country 's low developmental status . 
  ever thought romania has strong anti-corruption laws because it 's a corrupt country ? 
  not the other way around ? 
   the government pushed to reform one of 13 corruption laws in the country . 
  another red herring . 
  the other 12 laws have absolutely no relevance in the current discussion and the sparking of the protest . 
  bringing them up , enumerating them or comparing them to oug13 does not advance the discussion , just your word count . 
   the abuse of office law was one passed in 1965 by the communist regime another red herring . 
  association fallacy . 
  this law was passed by communists . 
  commies were evil , therefore this law is evil . 
  if it 's true ( which i doubt since the last revision to that law was made in 2009 according the the title of the revision ) that it was passed by commies , i see no reason why it should stop serving it 's purpose . 
   the protestors were tricked into thinking the law was changed to basically mean `` now we 'll give you a high five instead of jail for stealing '' it was stated by the pm in an interview that causing a prejudice of under the infamous sum would be an administrative offense . 
  administrative offenses are punished by losing the administrative position . 
   not only are the protestors misinformed . 
  it is difficult to find the truth in the press these days but i have found more critical thinking among protesters than the people supporting this government . 
   protesting against the greatest majority ever elected by the people . 
  false . 
  see comments bellow . 
   that 's not democracy , that 's mob rule . 
  i have to admit you managed to piss me off with this one . 
  the very definition of democracy assumes that the minority has the f *** ing right to speak their mind !, 
  i need to get back to work now . 
  your comment took enough time from my work day and it does n't deserve more . 
  but i will tell you this : i have seen the psd-ruled town halls in action and all i have seen was behaviour specific to a kleptocratic oligarchy . 
  with no exception . 
  edit : added information regarding law 286/2009 . 
  this is the most romanian kettle i 've ever seen . 
  just sayin ... 
  is that gw2 ? 
  nice . 
  i am a little gelous . 
  i do n't get to login during the weekdays . 
  i really really want him to get drunk and behave lile fry ( futurama ) . 
  i agree burning coal is worse but it 's not just about the fish . 
  if you basically transform a river into a lake , not just whatever lived in that river will die off but any thing that preyed on whatever lived in the river will suffer . 
  also , if the river is hundreds or thousands of miles long , it will impact a large section of the environment . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am all in for hydro but ignoring the impact is not going to do us any good . 
  edit : grammar, 
  coal usage still is widespread in romania but hydro seems to have the most contribution per twh . 
  even though hydro still has a large environmental impact , it 's far better than coal or gas . 
  a swedish friend told me once it has something to do with the raids scandinavian people used execute on british soil and taking back home more than shiny objects if you know what i mean  . 
  ... before downvotes start pouring , take it as a joke !, 
  ok , i think i get it . 
  i was just confused by the term as ruskaja popped into my mind but that is turbo-polka !, 
  edit : thank you kind stranger !, 
  the `` turbo-folk '' region is actually accurate . 
  source : am from there and enjoy turbo-folk . 
  edit : ok , i do n't get the turbo-folk thing . 
  anyone care to explain ? 
  agree . 
  the issue is few decent paying option for unskilled work . 
  fortunately partnerships between private companies and public institutions have some decent projects that put these kids on the job market with professional training options ( we need more of these types of schools though ) . 
  insider view : 1 . 
  yup , a high number of romanians are small farmers . 
  which is n't even that bad as the subventions coming in are usually higher than the medium salary ( at least in the situations i am familiar with ) . 
  also agrotourism is the new fad among the pretty-looking villages . 
  unemployment rate in ro is kinda mediocre . 
  not exceptionally good ( like cz level ) but not worrying either . 
  yes . 
  what they are presenting is true . 
  romanian healthcare system needs a complete overhaul . 
  personal experiences vary . 
  when i was in the hospital i refused to pay a bribe . 
  i took the legal route and everything went fine . 
  when i took a friend to the emergency room they took care of him , he was n't ignored , we did n't pay a bribe . 
  all this being said , it is not uncommon to hear stories about poor hygiene and doctors asking for bribes . 
  i have seen good doctors and bad doctors . 
  the conclusion i draw from my personal experience is that younger people are generally not treated as the older generation . 
  i assume people expect us to protest this shit . 
  but yes , the healthcare system is pretty crappy . 
  i was actually curios how come the stats since in 2016 we had a higher gdp/cap according to imf . 
  seems like prices are slightly higher in romania according to numbeo ( if you can trust it ) . 
  * shakes fist in envy towards south *, 
  hmmm ... was curious to see about that influx of romanians in 2014 and it seems like it did happen . 
  there was an increase of about 50 ~ ~ mil ~ ~ thousand romanians from 2014 to 2015 . 
  nice data !, 
  the correct/official term is bromanians . 
  it 's like a national sport by this time . 
  the current government is keeping us in shape . 
  agree . 
  that class looks like mine in middle school ( and that was the late 90s ) . 
  also , my high-school it&c laboratory did n't have crt monitors anymore . 
  looks quite like a underfunded school ( not saying that allot of romanian schools are n't ) . 
   i think the problem is that we underdiagnose and undertreat last stats i saw ( 2015 , it might estimate ) showed diagnostics on the rise . 
  the health community is actually worried about overmedication .
