  why is this controversial ? 
  switzerland backed out of the treaty , so why ca n't we break off the rest of the treaty ? 
  the languages they offer are written in the second paragraph : mandarin chinese , spanish , french , russian or german . 
  why is the chinese in chinese characters , but the russian in latin , not cyrillic ? 
  i thought sweden had an opt-out too ? 
  i like how germany is seen as both most * and * least trustworthy in poland . 
  how does that work ? 
  what about croatia ? 
  just resurrect the holy roman empire . 
  bulgarian men , e.g. 
  the guy that played viktor krum . 
  aziz is pretty hot too . 
  does this mean / u/andrewsmith1986 is [ putin himself ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vzeukqe.gifv ) ? 
  is that why there is a pankow in berlin ? 
  albania has shifted a bit, 
  all the kowalskis emigrated to become us police officers . 
  someone should tell them that buses do not cross the atlantic . 
  really ? 
  they should be proud that an estonian is germany 's greatest living composer, 
   paris , was a warm city where helicopters were hovering above it and spraying high-quality perfume all over the place to be fair , the japanese think that too, 
  that was n't the plan for lebensraum . 
  do n't dish it if you ca n't take it . 
  if you do n't want to lose land , do n't start a terratorial war . 
  i see they have already integrated well with the poles, 
  you can send some of that drought up my way to manchester if you want, 
  thanks russia . 
  fucking immigrants going over there robbing all the banks, 
  remember to remortgage before going to norway for beer, 
  are n't they like 70 years late to be all anti nazi ? 
  it 's public knowledge that saudi lowered the prices to put us shale producers out of business . 
  aww there was an update http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/3gbs6t/followup_sensitive_generous_american_i_want_so/, 
   but at least germany allows public photography so whatever . 
  except if your name is google street view, 
  how about churchill 's plan of launching d-day from the med/adriatic , heading north , and cutting off stalin from colonising half of europe . 
  what better way of punishing russia than letting their capital flee the country . 
  a few weeks after the uk ruled out helping italy with their immigration problems ... 
  why are you complaining ? 
  he 's 100 % accurate . 
  access to international finance is a privilege , not a right . 
  the d is in the way, 
  no standing until the seatbelt light has gone off and the plane is at the gate , please, 
  sorry i do n't want to be hanged for being gay, 
  sjws only like porn where the man is being pegged, 
  i would say greggs is the most popular ( by locations ) , but does that count as fast food ? 
  there 's another kfc in the caucasus ( armenia i think ), 
  you have a strange definition of ` only ' . 
  because france never bombed libya ... 
  yes if you want to be funded . 
  would you believe them ? 
  i would say i came from the uk if caught in france . 
  bam no need to wait in calais . 
  normally propaganda is directed by the government , and they want a no vote, 
  would n't the propaganda be pro-no ? 
  this seems weird , normally i would expect the older demographic to be conservative and euro sceptic . 
  jeez , what do we call this one , auxit ? 
   friability til a word, 
  south of the border ? 
  does n't that make you a small serbian village ? 
  are you trying to swat down the iss ? 
  i 've also heard it 's to force the cashier to give change , so they have to ring the sale up and not just pocket the money ( otherwise there would be no recorded transaction on the register ) . 
  the brits are n't subject to eurozone veto rules and can print whatever the bloody hell we want on our real coins , no funny denominations needed . 
  i do n't know about you but my dog ca n't tell the difference between the two words . 
   england is a parliamentary monarchy and their cup is called the footbal association cup , as raw as that . 
  it 's the emirates cup now, 
  except the moscow in that stat counts as 3 airports , which would be separated in the table ( you can see other cities with multiple airports separated , eg london heathrow or berlin tegel ), 
  is n't that everything ? 
  given all ports in the uk are eu ports, 
  what if no one consents ? 
  thanks for blocking our gulf stream . 
  now we will all freeze in winter . 
  needs moar flags, 
  but then they 'll start wanting corridors ... 
  you do n't make a buffer by moving your border right up to the country you want to buffer against, 
  and they kept the land they seized until 1991, 
  is this wages plus employers taxes ? 
  or including other costs of employment , training , administration etc ? 
  what industry is this , and how do i get a job there ? 
  poland third world confirmed, 
  only in the brmedia, 
  nike or adidas ? 
  he did before the edit , it was the first sentence, 
  except potatoes did n't exist in poland until after the americas were discovered . 
  socrates died for this shit, 
  i thought iceland was one hour behind the uk ? 
  the answer is yes . 
  just slightly rebranded . 
  if it 's so rare to win a safety on a 2pt conversion , should n't you get a whole lot more than a single measly point ? 
  well the first one bombed , so ... 
  x-post to / r/imaginarymaps, 
  is he in charge , or is he now the puppet for whoever has taken over in a stealth coup ? 
  i guess we will never know . 
  ^ ( ok then , yeah it 's probably him still in charge ), 
  that 's what i heard too, 
  they do this a couple of times a year, 
  how do you even have a scale on a digital image , which can be enlarged at will and depends on your screen 's dpi ? 
  are they planning to invade non-orthodox lands ? 
  the baltics ... so similar the only more similar neighbouring pair is poland-belarus ( and austria-italy has the same similarity ), 
  not if it 's a different url , like in this case . 
  anyway these two albums are different , the pics are in a different order . 
  reddit would n't be able to spot that automatically,
