when were the nazis and soviets ever allies ? 
  two words for you : ribbentrop molotov, 
  wtf he did this with rabbis ? 
  you still need to house , educate , teach and transport them . 
   you need to house , educate , teach , support , integrate , transport 3rd world immigrants and you do n't need to do that for eu migrants ? 
  check out / r/ireland and their new banner . 
  you 're a moron but you do have a point . 
  the majority of people who visit the british isles are going to visit the rest of europe anyway , so it would make perfect sense if we all used euro . 
  that may not happen for another while ( if ever ) but in the meantime , uk should accept euro where possible to cater for those that do n't wish to use sterling . 
  you going to withdraw again ? 
  it 's a picture from chechnya in the 90s . 
  [ wow russia !, 
   the malaysia airlines disaster could have easily been avoided . 
  it could have been easily avoided if the rebels were n't firing buks indiscriminately, 
  going against israel is hardly spineless, 
  technically turkey is already asia, 
  still illegal in san marino ? 
  there are three legal systems in the uk : england and wales ( together ) ; scotland ; and northern ireland, 
  what 's that on the north tip of scotland back then ? 
  other people here have said that it is explicitly defined in the constitution as a one-man-one-woman affair , which is technically a ban, 
  was cohabitation cold before this ? 
   guess the wallonians still do n't give a fuck about learning dutch ? 
  frenchies being arrogant ? 
  colour me surprised, 
  better a plumber for germans than a cocksucker for russians, 
  i think he has the whole correlation causation thing the wrong way round . 
  more likely that better off countries can afford to teach english better . 
  norwegian gas is much cheaper than russian gas . 
  [ paragraph 2 ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/03/ukraine-crisis-statoil-idusl6n0ry2uc20141003 ) the issue is delivery . 
  how much can north sea gas provide ? 
   several promising young triathletes who had just started their career in 2014 also died a typo , i guess, 
  in k\u00f6ln 250ml is standard, 
  on holiday in ukraine, 
  i 'm surprised that the faroe islands are so blue ; are they lumped with denmark ? 
  the uk was n't around in 1776 . 
  it was only gb then . 
  ^ in ^ that ^ case : surprise !, 
  putin is giving me the creeps, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_ ( history ) in romanian : http://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/potopul_ ( istorie ), 
  that was a wall buit to stop people leaving . 
  this is the opposite type of wall also your autocorrect makes you sound like the fake frenchies in allo allo, 
  what 's to stop you ( in lhd mainland europe , with schengen freedom ) with high taxes buying a car abroad ? 
  [ who are you calling pussy ? 
  pleeeeease show me one example of * the west * ( weird boogeyman ) wanting to boycott the brazil world cup, 
   german economic domination . 
  how terrible that is , it 's only infinitely better than 50 years of soviet economic domination, 
  union of soviet sarcastic republics will rise again, 
  no surprise that a frenchie would get offended . 
  wow you know two whole hot latvians !, 
  it 's crazy , no other country can match that , they have at most only one hottie . 
   read i do n't read crazy commie backwards letters language . 
  give me pure latin alphabet as the good lord intended when he made us his chosen people . 
  wow you 're being downvoted to hell * en masse * ( is that the french phrase you were thinking of ? ), 
  `` on par '' is valid . 
  does n't quite work for [ poland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ocrpnbb.jpg ), 
  only if they 're rigid . 
  if they are dangling like a pendulum they will make you unstable . 
  the trucks were bought from army surplus stores . 
  i thought all the kids in ukraine were crucified ? 
  mexico to the rescue, 
  a chinese billionaire wants to buy the site and rebuild it , but to house a multiplex cinema and leisure centre , not for exhibitions . 
  that 's not a crystal palace , [ this is a crystal palace !, 
   also , there is an interesting metro driving around this city on line 51 . 
  it is a metro that converts into a tram , by switching from 3rd rail to overhead wire , and looks like this san francisco has those too . 
  til tyne and wear has a metro system . 
  ribbentrop molotov all over again, 
  bulgaria . 
  plenty of maps ( historical and contemporary ) are posted to / r/europe . 
  they took the top 15 countries by gdp , plus the eu . 
  nothing much happened after lockerbie, 
  he was n't ousted , he fled to mother russia . 
  he abdicated . 
  the vote was largely symbolic , and held after he had already gone . 
  what was he going to do , govern in exile ? 
  we 'll all move to spain . 
  how would this look with brexit ? 
  they must have done off-site / cloud backups before they started publishing this , right ? 
  can i trust the polish press to have done that ? 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  english ( england ) \u2713 2 . 
  welsh ( uk ) 3 . 
  scottish ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english \u2713 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  swedish, 
  why does merkel look photoshopped ? 
  comments are always disabled for anything related to a running trial . 
   how can we know which ones are squatting ? 
  what a stupid question . 
  they all are . 
  i have n't read the article yet , but does it mention that russia is the only way of getting to the iss ? 
  neither do belarus , ukraine & moldova, 
  the internet is the communications medium . 
  ( essentially sending packets of data from one ip address to another ) . 
  lots of stuff is built on top of this : www , email , netflix , skype , bit torrent , multiplayer games , etc. 
   lack of world outlook and imposition of alien values , including by means of pseudo art , leads to mental distress , which is manifested through the increase in crime , alcoholism , drug addiction , through the increase in the number of suicides and abandoned children 's parents , through the increase of morbidity and mortality [ ... ] is n't it more the case that being forced to adhere to strict cultural norms , leads to mental distress etc ? 
  poland be fatty, 
  do n't leave us hanging on the canoe thing ... 
  african gas . 
  can not !,
