  the problem is it took so long to establish that it was terrorism , and by then people had already began to not care . 
  the same is probably true for example if mh370 or af447 was today shown to be brought down by terrorists , people would n't really care so much . 
  i think if it was immediately known to be terrorism , there would be much more sympathy . 
  unfortunately the news cycles move too quickly for that . 
  it was also downplayed by the russian authorities , so they have some hand in the current sympathy level . 
  you are reading too much into the infamous [ bbc quotes ] ( https://adrianblau.wordpress.com/2014/03/24/the-curse-of-quotation-marks-on-the-bbc-website/ ), 
  me love you long time, 
  wait , do they fly the same equipment continuously ? 
  edit : obviously the same aircraft are flying , i mean is the same crew flying continuously with the same aircraft ? 
  for ireland : `` is ireland part of uk '' for belarus : `` is belarus part of russia '' for this map : `` is [ ] part of uk/russia '' condensed into one, 
  how was it not pure ? 
  mixed ? 
  except xx is technically correct , not a typo . 
  it 's just using roman instead of arabic numerals . 
  as a fellow brit , we deserve it . 
  wait , i thought americans hated their companies going to ireland for tax purposes ? 
  yes . 
  look up jus soli vs jus sanguinis, 
  virtually rich, 
  there is no other post older than this one , the other one is 11 minutes old, 
  it 's because of your passion for stealing cars and plumbing, 
  once it 's triggered , it ca n't be withdrawn, 
  if there 's a minimum age for voting , what 's wrong with a maximum age ? 
  i 've found the first tip , but is it the question ? 
  or a tip to where to find the question ? 
  but is it technically landing if it 's not on land ? 
  50 miles south of london, 
   may i ask you why you consider revolutioning the last 2.000 years customs a `` no brainer '' ? 
  may i ask if you hold other 2000 year old traditions like slavery or burning witches in the same regard ? 
  just because it is 2000 years old does n't mean it is a good idea . 
  jokes on him . 
  i 'm a zero-hours european . 
  when the wrong type of white people joined, 
  and what happens when you are seventy rich ? 
  i needed one for slovakia and slovenia, 
  were they not terrorist attacks ? 
  did they not have victims ? 
  the two on the back row should move across to the windows , and the protagonist can then sit in the middle, 
  the polish president never had power in the uk, 
  yes , the swedish police are using so much force that they are projecting all the way to switzerland, 
  but still , is n't there a lot of neonazism there ? 
  i was not expecting that east germany / west germany ordering, 
  or making `` au jus '' sauce, 
  i would n't call that parallels, 
  crimea was given to the ukrainian ssr, 
  i did n't realise the whole of poland just had one main market, 
  why are there a lot of catholic countries at the bottom of the ranking ? 
  what 's a hecto *** r *** litre ? 
  no , but they marched through iran and palestine, 
  are you scared of ryanair or something ? 
  off topic , but is there logic to where they have placed the circles on that map ? 
  none are in the eu, 
  really ? 
  i did n't see that written on a bus, 
  lol czechoslovakia, 
  including the old man in the bottom centre ? 
  blossom times get later from south to north in the northern hemisphere, 
  we 're gon na need a recipe, 
  there 's no touching in line dancing, 
  there 's a similar one in lisbon, 
  no , that would be anyone making predictions about the year 2070, 
  i want to smoke the crushed crystal balls you 've been smoking, 
  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz, 
  this is worse than brexit, 
  how did the european public vote for that ? 
  this is bad, 
  also the public has good taste, 
  hopefully , but they may be building up an insurmountable lead, 
  germany 3, 
  this is the shittest song to ever win, 
  the song was a shit lullaby, 
  i hope the public vote cancels out portugal, 
  noooooooooo please not portugal, 
  i 've seen the pictures , but did anyone get a gif of the streaker ? 
  i thought you can vote for free with the app , but when i try it just brings up a telephone number and says call to vote . 
  is this a uk thing ? 
  croatia , moldova , romania get my 12 , 10 , 8 points, 
  how is portugal so loved ? 
  it was the most boring song tonight, 
  french verse english chorus ? 
  is there no minimum age limit ? 
  the dancer on the left looks like his head was photoshopped onto his body * second left * second right now , he keeps moving, 
  she is so quiet, 
  show me what you got, 
  this is a perfectly fine song but generic and wo n't be popular, 
  finally some schlock, 
  is she rick rolling us ? 
  what is this shit ? 
  `` i 'm gon na kill that voice in my head '' sounds like tiny rick 's call for help, 
  i seem to have the opposite opinion of most people here , the song was boring until the electro pop started, 
  is this kylo ren ? 
  on the animal theme , croatia sent a bear, 
  i 've lost count of the number of animal costumes now, 
  this is the danger if you legalise drugs, 
  yaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwn, 
  yes , famously celine dion sang for switzerland, 
  this song is best when he 's not singing and or rapping, 
  i like this one, 
  i mean , i thought it was latvia at first , before he said austria, 
  did she make an appearance ?
