  i 'm not saying they should n't but it 's all nice until something is done to us . 
  i also think the cartoon is really bad but i personally do n't care that much , it 's just an ugly cartoon . 
  i think it 's not even related to the victims , more to the corruption that still exists in italy . 
  they have the right to say it sucks , but they still have the right to do it . 
  i do n't want to defend them but here there are tons of people who express `` their opinion '' based on what the majority says , some always cry wolf without thinking and follow the mass . 
  one day they are in favor of freedom of speech , one day not , one day they are pro-immigration , one day not . 
  that 's it . 
  edit : you keep downvoting me while i 'm not doing it to you , i just express my opinion, 
  i just reported what 's happening . 
  anyway , the accusation is referred to those people who first have defended them , stating everybody can express their opinion by using satire , and then they get mad because they make satire about us . 
  so it 's fine about the others but not about us . 
  that 's not how freedom of speech works . 
  the image is provocative and shows that we as a country should do more to avoid these tragedies because this wo n't be the only earthquake that will ever happen in italy , and also , many buildings that were rebuilt according to our laws to avoid the seismic risk fell down during the cataclysm . 
  in the end , the image is really ugly . 
  the french journal has dedicated a cartoon to the italian quake and many people got mad about it on facebook during the all day . 
  the image is obviously provocative and many people started complaining about it calling it bad and inopportune . 
  on the other side , many others are now accusing these people of being contradictory because , after the terrorist attack in france , a big number of italians had `` je suis charlie '' as a profile pic and everybody was defending it . 
  `` amatrice '' mayor has recently blasted it : http://www.ansa.it/english/news/2016/09/02/quake-amatrice-mayor-blasts-charlie-hebdo-cartoon-rpt_4e9baa5b-9c48-4726-a94d-ffb87e8cdbbb.html, 
  yes , it 's that . 
  it 's provocative rather than funny . 
  the french journal has dedicated a cartoon to the italian quake and many people got mad about it on facebook during the all day . 
  the image is obviously provocative and many people started complaining about it calling it bad and inopportune . 
  on the other side , many others are now accusing these people of being contradictory because , after the terrorist attack in france , a big number of italians had `` je suis charlie '' as a profile pic and everybody was defending it . 
  picture of the cartoon : http://www.primaonline.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/charliehebdo.jpg, 
  honestly reading because someone says you must do that makes reading even worse . 
  i 'd prefer that teachers instead of imposing a book they gave a list and then everyone chooses his favourite , at least it would be less boring . 
  i read `` animal farm '' by george orwell and i liked it more than some books i had to read for school . 
  that does n't surprise me , i 'm the first that does n't like reading, 
  the end was cute . 
  european history in general is so troubled . . edit : can we use [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/x9xn5bp.jpg ) as a background ? 
  [ love this one ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/739/075/064.png ), 
  good translation, 
  the fun fact is the nobody really wants to stay here . 
  they use italy as a harbour to go to france , germany or sweden . 
  actually , they consider it `` an american creation '' , but i personally love it ahah, 
  what about our beautiful [ leader ? 
  italy is probably one of the most beautiful places in europe but i 'm in love with scandinavia . 
  i like pineapple pizza and i put mayo on my chips pizza . 
  what now ? 
  man , i love eggs and pineapple on pizza , they are good . 
  probably gon na get banned from r/italy right now for saying this . 
  what 's on it ? 
  it looks like a big mess of everything , also , the bacon looks very raw . 
  not shocked about the ketchup on pizza , if not used to replace tomato sauce , many people do that do , especially if the pizza has chips on . 
  i hope at least it was n't that bad compared to its look . 
  they do n't even know at this point, 
  ** translation ** * sudanese and italian authorities are working together to tackle the migrant crisis . 
  some 48 people in ventimiglia have been deported as human rights organisations protest against the move . 
  the migrants , who were hoping to cross the italian border into france , were flown to the sudanese capital of khartoum on a chartered egyptair flight . 
  * in a bid to avoid protesters expecting the flight to leave from milan malpensa airport , the migrants were actually flown from turin-caselle , an airport over an hour away . 
  the deportation , the first of its kind in italy , has been met with outrage . 
  speaking to local media , protesters said : `` we knew well two of the guys that were on that plane . '', 
  `` until yesterday they were in the red cross centre , they felt safe and they were preparing everything to ask for asylum . '', 
  * italian officials are yet to comment on the deportation . 
  alessandra ballerini , a lawyer in caritas ventimiglia and expert in immigration law , said : `` this is a mass deportation to a country where fundamental rights are violated and where their lives are in danger . 
  `` with this operation , our country becomes an accomplice . '', 
  in 2015 , 60 per cent of sudanese asylum seekers were granted humanitarian protection in italy . 
  * but sudan and italy signed an agreement earlier this month to work together on migration and border control issues . 
  a team of sudanese officials have been sent to the italian-french border to identify migrants to be repatriated . 
  amnesty international says human rights abuses have taken place during conflicts in sudan . 
  president omar hassan ahmad al-bashir is wanted for war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  * amnesty international said : `` the authorities repressed the media , civil society organisations and opposition political parties , severely curtailing freedoms of expression , association and assembly . 
  `` armed conflict in darfur , south kordofan and blue nile states continued to cause mass displacement and civilian casualties ; human rights abuses were perpetrated by all parties to these conflicts . 
  `` government forces destroyed civilian buildings , including schools , hospitals and clinics in conflict areas , and obstructed humanitarian access to civilians needing support because of the ongoing hostilities . '', 
  * eu chiefs are working with sudan in an effort to stop boatloads of migrants reaching southern europe `` to solve the root causes of migration . '', 
  sudan is a major route for migrants moving between east africa and the libyan coast on their way to italy and greece . 
  but the legitimacy of the deportation has been questioned . 
  members of the italian chamber of deputies have demanded proof following speculation the authorities broke the law by allowing sudanese officials to choose migrants to deport . 
  it 's just for this weekend , i think op should have mentioned it in the title, 
  the problem is that the plates are in arabic , i mean , i might be wrong , correct me if you know more this is what i saw : http://www.report.rai.it/dl/report/puntata/contentitem-3adfd917-cf6c-411b-9990-9cd08f2f2fc6.html it is in italian but maybe you can get something told in english , anyway this shows what i 'm talking about . 
  you need to watch the first minutes, 
  i saw a report about this on national tv , they said it 's hard to catch them because they go away so they ca n't find them . 
  they also said it happens many times . 
  my knowledge is related to what i saw , these people are usually very rich , they drive lamborghinis and ferraris around the streets of london . 
  for them # 1000 are nothing . 
  for our security everybody should be indentifiable . 
  stop . 
  honestly the only reasonable is the hijab , at least we can see you , the other two do n't make anyone see your face and also do n't make you recognizable so if you do something illegal we ca n't identify you , and for all that we know there could be a man inside it . 
  it 's illegal wearing carnival masks for that reason , you ca n't walk around rome without exposing yourself , we must know what you look like . 
  i totally agree , you must be recognizable in case you do something illegal . 
  it 's like the arabic teens that violate speed limits in the uk but ca n't be arrested because they have vehicle registration plates written in arabic . 
  you are basically wearing a mask . 
  the people there are doing a great job , they are saving as many people as possible , more than 200 people have been saved . 
  so sad what happened, 
  i think they have n't , they are now searching people based on what they hear . 
  they use dogs that can feel the presence of a person under the ruins and they pay attention if they can hear someone talking or breathing , they are also removing the pieces of the buildings that fell down to see if there are dead bodies . 
  they said temperature was around 13 \u00b0 c , it 's cold in the mountains , even in summer . 
  fortunately it 's not raining and it probably wo n't . 
  then it 's time to found new colonies, 
  they said the number can still rise , there are still people trapped under the buildings , some still alive , but a big part is dead ... 
  what 's a russia ? 
  italy is in the contact line between the african plate and the eurasian plate , but sardinia and corsica are far from this contact line . 
  starting from the mid atlantic ridge this rift follows the border with northern africa and then it goes up to sicily , goes through the appennines and in the end in veneto and in friuli venezia giulia . 
  the earthquakes are generated by the movements of the following plates and because sardinia and corsica are far from this line , they are n't seismic zones . 
  also many studies have said the sardinia has been being stable for 7 millions years , i think for corsica it 's the same . 
  few people live in the towns where the earthquake happened , they were full of tourists and it happened at night . 
  the buildings were all old so not earthquake proof . 
  in the last ten years many earthquakes happened in italy but obviously you ca n't rebuild every house in central italy because it requires a lot of money . 
  the new buildings are earthquake proof , or at least they should , but it happened , for example in l'aquila , that they are not well built because sometimes there are people who get rich with this activity without paying attention to do a good work , so they use cheap materials and it obviously happens what it happens . 
  it 's not the first time this happens , they are calling firemen from all the country and many volunteers are coming as well .
