  lol that made giggle . 
  somewhere in the middle of the mediterranean sea . 
  the right column should all be tagged as `` evil '' . 
  only the fog you only have the fog only the foooooog you only have the foooooog ^ only ^ the ^ fog !, 
  has to be [ this ] ( http://www.lucianopignataro.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/pasqualino-rossi-la-pizza-per-berlusconi.jpg ), 
  that 's a really beautiful and kinda creepy picture . 
  we found out the other countries have less hairy and more good-looking women . 
  well it 's pretty handy , although it might be difficult for tests based on number of lines . 
  anyway i really like german , it has many aspects that make it very interesting and cool at the same time . 
  i know a lot of people like it but honestly having summer temperatures in october/november is a nightmare . 
  and it really worries me . 
  flavour your flat bread with olive oil , use it like it 's a sort of magic potion and pour it on everything . 
  then you are in !, 
  yeah but the taste is different . 
  i advice you to post this on / r/food . 
  great list anyway !, 
  now i 'm very impressed , never seen a belarussian in real life . 
  that makes sense , it 's soooo good . 
  because people still do n't get that changing does n't always include an improvement . 
  welcome back political instability !, 
  renzi has confirmed . 
  he is going to leave . 
  [ something something pandoro , something pandoro ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hhrwpbdh.jpg ), 
  oh we do the same , but yeah i wish i could restudy it better . 
  now that i 'm `` quite '' good at english i would like to learn another language , french is very useful and widely spoken . 
  can confirm . 
  studied french , i can only count to 20 in it , say how i am and say `` fille de putain '' . 
  but it 's delicious !, 
  `` ciao '' means both `` hello '' and `` goodbye '' . 
  a good translation should be `` arrivederci '' but it 's only used for formal occasions , not with friends . 
  it 's similar to `` buongiorno/buonasera '' , it 's a formal greeting . 
  just a simple `` ciao ! '', 
  plus : * a handshake if they are male friends * 2 kisses if they are female friends * 2 kisses if they are relatives, 
   waspik : washing dick how does even anybody come up with that ? 
  do at least those cheese sandwiches taste good ? 
  that 's how [ monaco ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hugbvaz.png ) got created, 
  uk is the new portugal, 
  yeah , that is going to make people stop masturbating , believe that . 
  hello !, 
  : 1 ) what 's your favourite finnish electronic song ever ? 
  2 ) in scandinavia sweden has eventually been dominating the music scene for a while . 
  finland is mainly known for its great metal music scene but apart from it , do you think electronic music is popular like it is in the other countries ? 
  3 ) i personally think the main problem of italian music is the lack of new artists . 
  countries like the uk , france and even norway constantly pull out new artists every year . 
  becoming famous on your own is difficult here , unless you win stuff like x factor or the voice , and schools in general are not focused that much on music teaching . 
  do you think finnish artists have the possibility to learn music production on their own and to eventually be successful ? 
  i guess croatia and slovenia are not going to like this division . 
  anyway , it 's great to see magna graecia finally came back to greece . 
  one of the two , yeah sorry , i edited my comment . 
  i guess it depends on the area , when i was in middle school we had to specify if we wanted to study spanish * or * french , german was n't mentioned , and although i said spanish they made us learn french . 
  oh you 're right , i have n't thought about that . 
  i think most people do n't study it because they think it 's a very difficult language but anyway english , french and spanish are mandatory while german is not so also that is a reason . 
  i think even here a statue like that would be pretty excessive , although vatican city would certainly love it . 
  that 's a good news , at least something is working well in our country . 
  is that how life is in slavic countries ? 
  air conditioners are a blessing . 
  seems like everyone thinks you can be an asshole in someone else 's country ... 
  [ they filmed a music video in the location showed in the first picture ] ( https://youtu.be/wwqpa_tqcxq ), 
  i just hope they do n't rise because it is hot in summer . 
   no legal same-sex unions of any kind  vatican city surprised, 
  there 's no problems if someone consciously decides to do it , doing it to babies though , that obviously ca n't disapprove or approve the action , is just crazy , unless it must be done for medical reasons . 
  they have a great variety of pop artists and producers . 
  apart from well known acts like abba , roxette and ace of base , there are many modern artists from sweden that have been having worldwide success : robyn , zara larsson , tove lo , avicii , swedish house mafia , icona pop , eric prydz and etc. 
  they really have a long tradition of producing pop hits . 
  this swede called [ max martin ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/max_martin ) has written 22 songs that reached the top of the billboard hot 100 , the american chart , and it 's the songwriter with the third-most number one singles on the chart , behind only paul mccartney and john lennon . 
  sweden is considered to be one of biggest music exporters in the world behind only the uk and the us . 
  in 2012 my family did a trip by car to see spain 's biggest cities . 
  one of the first days there it was hot like hell , outside it was 45 \u00b0 c and i think we were in cordoba , not sure right now . 
  to give me relief i went to our hotel 's swimming pool and i stayed there for a while . 
  when i went out i have n't even needed to use the towel i brought with me , i was completely dry in a minute or 2 . 
  thank god air conditioning exists . 
  i have had it before and i think it 's good although it may not seem the most appealing thing ever . 
  it has the texture of cream cheese and it 's a little spicy , its flavour is pungent . 
  i personally like it . 
  i mean each region has its own things that make them unique , sardinia has always had influences from the populations in the peninsula so despite not being fisically attached to the rest of italy i think we are absolutely italian . 
  there 's no relation of the type french guiana-france if that is what you are asking . 
  sardinia , so south i guess ? 
  almost daily i think , it depends on the context . 
  if i 'm around dumb people , then i use it often . 
  i have a dream , i want it to the eurovision song contest . 
  that would be kkkkkkkkkkkkk, 
  the thing that impresses me the most is that i have been starting normalizing this kind of events which totally freaks me out . 
  400 people injured , news say . 
  apparently a barrier of a metro stop fell down due to the weight of the numerous people there and the thud scared all the viewers in the square . 
  4 are in serious conditions . 
  this comment section is about to go on fire . 
  okay . 
  you should pour some sugar on all that bitterness . 
  i suppose the reason is most straight porns see men as protagonists and women are supposed to satisfy their appetice while in lesbian porns women have the main role of course . 
  actually , san marino rarely votes us in eurovision , that could be a casus belli to annex it to italy though . 
  that 's basically a frozen crepe, 
  i would n't say it 's big but that small percentage of anti-vaxxing people is dangerous enough . 
  also , in the last months there has been an increase of kids that contracted measles , compared to the number of cases in 2016 , so the government had to do something . 
  [ around 10,000 poles are living in iceland and consist of 3 % of the total population . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_immigrants_in_iceland ) they also have some very good artists for such a small country like sigur r\u00f3s , of monsters and men and bjork . 
  portugal , well played !, 
  first win after so many years of trying hard , congrats !!, 
  italy wo n't ever win . 
  yes , is there anything the ebu can do ? 
  it totally ruins the spirit of the show .
