  does anybody think about the children ? 11 ? 
  why do i always find news or videos related to my country that i never know about ? 
  i do n't know if it 's a good or a bad thing that i discover news about my country here instead of reading these things on local journals, 
  just booked a flight to norway, 
  i do n't think it 's real , is the website reliable ? 
  if this will happen amsterdam will lose all of his italian tourists, 
  never heard anything about this , i think i would have read something about it if it really happened, 
  i mean i read things about it and i still have the right to say what i think , anyway it 's a not a secret that the situation here is not the best , can you deny it ? 
  that 's nice , i did n't except that, 
  edited , thanks !, 
  you are right , i did n't notice it, 
  that makes more sense , it was strange when i read it, 
  ** it 's long but i discovered i had a lot of things to say ** first of all i always loved foreign cultures so if i can i would like to travel around europe to learn more , in second place i do n't really feel part of the country , i do n't feel like my voice and my choices are important here , i do n't feel free to be what i want to be . 
  italian government has some very big problems , i still go to high school and for example that are a lot of things that i do n't like about the educational system . 
  one thing is the fact that in middle school we study two foreign languages ( i studied french and english ) but in high school we only study english . 
  same thing for geography , in high school is completely absent , we study it in middle school but honestly nobody ever taught anything about the ue , how it works , what are its rules and nobody taught me anything about the italian government , i do n't even know how my country works . 
  we pay so much attention to literature and history but not that much about artistic subjects like art and music and the amount of homeworks do n't allow a lot of students to do sports and have some free time . 
  after the university living is way hard , being graduated in italy can mean nothing in some occasion , especially in public administration you only get a job if you know someone who works there and that can make you have a good job just because you are friend of him or he knows someone important that works in that agency . 
  many italian politicians had troubles with the law because they gave important positions in the public admistration to their friends and relatives . 
  we are the third nation in eu with the most unemployed young people behind spain and greece , because of the crisis the government tries to save money not giving the people the retirement benefits so a lot of adults have to work till they are 75 and by doing this young people ca n't find a decent job because there are n't new work places . 
  to end i do n't like the mentality that a lot of italians have , even in national tv there are a lot of censorships and even in the journals , some people are racist , ignorant and just think about money . 
  here if you live in a rich family you can have a decent life , if you do n't , well , or you work till you are 75 , paying a lot of taxes and with a few money to spend for yourself or you just go away . 
  it 's strange to see that some countries are literally switching big amount of people , look at albania and greece , that 's crazy . 
  i 'm not surprised that sweden is one of the country that has the most immigrants , personally i would like to go to work to sweden or to germany because they are rich countries and everything there seems alright . 
  they should try to solve the problems of the countries that are in big trouble and make every nation self-sufficient to avoid these kind of things but right now i honestly do n't want to live and spend my days in italy . . 
  i wrore `` fucking good beer '' because in italy high school students always want to make a trip to prague because is known for its good beer and it 's cheaper than in italy , anyway it 's a small country i could n't write a lot of things ahah, 
  but will they still join the eurovision song contest ? 
  this is the real question, 
  i 'm laughing , i also live in sardinia and it actually does n't surprise but just because a lot of elders live in sardinia . 
  we have some of the oldest living people in italy and in a small town in sardinia lives the oldest family in the world so it 's not surprising that some of them have never seen a tourist . 
  1 ) greece 2 ) spain 3 ) italy ; unexpected ... 
  totally different from our system . 
  in primary school the only foreign language taught is english , in middle school english is still compulsory but the school can decide between french and spanish . 
  not sure if german is taught in some parts of italy , i think it is , but universally the choice is french or spanish . 
  well thanks for the informations , pretty interesting !, 
  italian if i 'm right is like the fifth/sixth most learned language in europe with a very small percentage compared to let 's say german or spanish so it 's surprising that is taught in public schools in australia . 
  i 'm curious , was it compulsory or did your parents choose to make you study it ? 
  australia has a big number of people of italian heritage . 
  they are 4,6 % of the total population and the fifth biggest group in the country . 
  italian is also the second most spoken language at home , behind english and the mixture between these 2 languages also led to the creation of an [ italo-australian dialect ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/italo-australian_dialect ) which is spoken by the new generations of italo-australians . 
  the dialect consists of english words adapted and modified according to italian pronunciation and grammar . 
  * their national dish is vegemite vienna sausage * the alpin koalas which are their national animals are at risk of extinction , unfortunately :( * conchita minogue is from there * a lot of australians are of italian heritage like the famous singer mo-do which is responsible for this [ song ] ( https://youtu.be/dsy2dcatyuo ) * they speak austrialish and english and are part of the commonwealth, 
  i have been there some years ago and it was amazing , the city is very lovely . 
  plot twist : you are a white south african . 
  football clubs ? 
  only time will tell us . 
  maybe we 'll finally win a war then . 
  italy and iceland against the inglorious government of sweden to fight kebab and pineapple pizza !, 
  it 's usually done on the weekend to let more people go to vote . 
  beautiful video and also an awesome tourist campaign . 
  i think in italy the age limit should be taken more seriously though . 
  nobody asks for your identity card neither in shops or in cafes . 
  so legally the limit is 18 but they could sell alcohol to you even when you are younger . 
  reducing the age limit could also be a good thing to responsalize kids at a younger age . 
  having such a high age limit makes teens unlikely to be drunk but also make them less aware of alcohol risks . 
  if they changed the age limit at least at 18 with a good educational campaign about alcohol consume while driving it ca n't be a bad solution . 
  demonizing alcohol does n't solve the problem . 
  otherwise , they could create different age limits for different types of alcohol . 
  plot twist : i live alone, 
  as a cultured southerner , i did that once . 
  i would probably give you a clean towel just for you . 
  no , you just make the water flows like if you were washing your hands , you are not supposed to create a little swimming pool . 
  water ca n't reach your legs if you sit with your back towards the wall , which is how you are supposed to sit . 
  as far as i know it 's shared , or at least it has always been so for me , it may vary though . 
  bidet is common in southern europe , especially in italy where it 's present in 97 % of households . 
  its installation has been mandatory since 1975 as well as in portugal and spain . 
  * yes , we do . 
  you use toilet paper first and bidet afterwards to wash yourself . 
  * actually , no . 
  i guess it depends on the family but one is enough . 
  if you keep everything clean , towels do n't get dirty , they are usually changed after a week more or less . 
  it depends on how much you use them ahah * a normal mixing tap . 
  it 's the latter but i mean , you must have your bum clean in the first place . 
  you have to use it after you wiped out the dirt with toilet paper . 
  with a towel . 
  it 's usually adjustable based on your necessities . 
  if it was straight it would splash water on your back and it would not be effective . 
  it 's a violin bathtub . 
  italians are so fond of classical music that everybody has a violin in their house . 
  to keep them clean , we invented that little thing . 
  in a few words it 's a `` sink '' for the ass . 
  you sit down , open the water , wash your bottom with some soap , dry yourself and you 're done . 
  its purpose is to clean yourself after you poop . 
  it seems like a lot of people in this thread have never seen a political themed carnival wagon in their life, 
  i think your percentage of models per capita is a valid reason . 
  k-pop      brit pop, 
   we have built los pireneos to defend us from the white walkers from the north lol that line killed me , although i think you have tortured more people with enrique igleasias ' music rather than with cheap sangria . 
  anyway , that was funny as fuck . 
  yeah that 's the one i was talking about . 
  it has some good ideas and jokes but it 's not as good as the others . 
  and they say finns are cold and unfunny people . 
  ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ probably ^ ^ ^ swedes ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ spread ^ ^ ^ these ^ ^ ^ rumours . 
  best video with the dutch one !, 
  i 'm waiting for the italian version but there was only a low quality video on youtube , not official . 
  not that it was bad but the trump 's imitation was . 
  they underestimate the power of internet and social medias . 
  their partecipation to the esc or to this series of videos would have a yuge impact . 
  follow [ us ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyamericanrecipes/ ) spain to fight these food crimes !, 
  we feel the same . 
  this horrific [ thing ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/5rnecu/homemade_chicken_parm_sourdough_deep_dish_pizza/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=hot&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ) even reached the frontpage .
