i would advice you french or spanish for 2 reasons : they are between the most spoken languages in the world and they help you catching up girls ( eheh ) also german is not a bad choice imo although it 's very difficult to learn on your own , but it 's still the language that has the most native speakers in europe . 
  do n't forget the ability of creating new bestemmie each time you want !, 
  tbh it looks like he has a sort of pee fetish . 
  after all this crazy stuff happening this year the candidature of kanye west seems even more realistic . 
  d\u00f6ner is love , d\u00f6ner is life . 
  and the fact that there is huge burger king there makes it even more random . 
  it 's incredible that neither one of them has talked about freedom . 
  then what do the us exist for ? 
  let 's see if they are going to do the same next year ... 
  `` bona '' also means `` extremely good-looking '' in italian , i think he was referring to that . 
  is there really at least a single person who actually listens to it ? 
  i think neither the pope does . 
  no , that would be tragic , i was talking about high school . 
   in french we also have books to read and works to give back about them we also do this , especially during winter or summer breaks they make you read a book and then you do a test about it . 
   philosophy replaces french in our last year of high school . 
  now that 's interesting . 
  we start studying philosophy from the third year but we keep studying italian , and we also have history-geography but only for the first 2 years , then we only study history . 
  i just discovered high school lasts 3 years in france while middle school lasts 4 . 
  in italy high school lasts 5 and middle school 3 so we graduate later . 
  i think the average hours of work is 4/5 per day , but i mean it also depends on the subjects . 
  stuff like italian literature and history requires a lot of work , especially when you have more than 20 pages to study and a lot of informations to remember . 
  when you have a test , and there is at least 1 per week , you spend the most of the day studying only for 1 subject . 
  some people even wake up very early to revise everything at 5am or end up studying very late like at 1am/2am . 
  i never studied in the morning but it happened that i finished studying very late a couple times . 
   40 students per room is this due to a lack of schools compared to the population or what ? 
  wait , so this article is saying that the average hours of work per week is 4.9 hours ? 
  i spend that amount of time in a single day studying for only 1 test . 
  my teachers in 1st/2nd grade kept telling us that we had to study from 3pm to 9pm if we wanted good grades , and then revise everything before going to sleep . 
  and the worst part is that the hours of work do n't necessarily guarantee you a good perfomance . 
  that 's hilarious , and kinda catchy . 
  i 'm mentally singing `` grab them by the pussy '' like it 's a phrase of little significance . 
   why do swedes never play hide and seek ? 
  nobody ever bother looking for them . 
  dead . 
  i love all the jokes about each country 's neighbours in europe but i think that the nordic countries are the best at making fun of each other . 
  correct !, 
  anyway sardinia is considered part of the south because it 's not in the north , for sure , and it 's not even in central italy . 
  some people actually say it is part of central italy but if i had written it you would have thought about lazio or the marche , definitely not sardinia . 
  well first of all finland does n't dub everything , and i 'm sure that helps a lot , and in second place finnish is pretty useless outside of finland so i guess they have the necessity of knowing another language . 
  italian has 85 million speakers , french 220 million and spanish 570 million , while finnish has only 5 million . 
  i agree with you up to a certain point . 
  although it 's true that many english words derive from latin and french the english grammar , as you said , is easier and less complicated compared to the romance languages , also , the most common words are usually of germanic origin . 
  talking about the teaching of english in public schools , yeah , it 's awful . 
  the majority of kids goes to private schools to learn it but tbh it also depends on the person . 
  nowadays it 's `` cool '' attending to one of these but some still have a poor pronunciation and grammar knowledge . 
  i have always thought that . 
  english is a germanic language so i think it 's easier for someone who speaks another germanic language to learn it . 
  in the same way , for an italian , for example , learning spanish or french is easier than learning english . 
  when i had visited normandy it was beautiful . 
  the oceanic regions are completely different from the mediterranean ones that i 'm used to see , it was a very nice trip . 
  i did n't know it was a thing and i wish i did n't search it . 
  yeah but it would have been as obvious as pizza . 
  because they are great , we all love them and there are several versions of them . 
  also `` cotoletta '' because it 's one of the things everybody does when they do n't know what to cook , it 's delicious and it needs few ingredients . 
  nah i do n't think it 's bad , it was boring because i wanted to know what they picked for italy and it was pretty obvious it was pizza ahah . 
  yeah i definitely have no clue , i kinda imagine it though . 
  the american presidential elections are very important so it 's obvious they become subject of memes and ads like this . 
  now this is in denmark so in the us the phenomenon can only be bigger . 
  *** checks italy , sees pizza *** i do n't know what i was expecting . 
  imagine if they did it in the us lol , all the circlejerk generated would have been hilarious . 
  we also consider ourselves inferior ... except to the french . 
   only the italians are worse than us when it comes to throw ourselves some shit yeah can confirm . 
  that was unexpected . 
  never heard the corrispondent translation of `` czechia '' in italian , or more specifically , it is exist but it 's not that used . 
  the country keeps being called `` repubblica ceca '' and tbh if it was n't for reddit i would n't have even known anything about it . 
  also sardinia, 
  from what i got `` scottish '' is almost a synonym for cheap/penny-pinching in hungarian . 
  am i right ? 
  also that , but in general we mainly joke about ourselves , our attitudes and our culture . 
  we also joke about the other countries but we focus on ourselves anyway . 
  italian jokes usually have as protagonists people from other countries , especially french , germans , english and spaniards , plus italians themselves , and they usually have to solve a problem or to complete a challenge . 
  the foreigners always start first and fail badly then the italian in the end solves the problem in a funny or better way than the others . 
  u/bezzleford , the op from r/mapporn , has created the map but it 's mainly based on this article : https://europeisnotdead.com/disco/expressions-of-europe/european-jokes/, 
  also bosnia is n't in a good position . 
  nobody makes fun of us like we do . 
  can a hungarian explain what 's going on between hungary and scotland ? 
  i 'm so happy to see mussolini being at the 21th position of the italian chart , what a relief ... 
  most italian username ever, 
  due to romeo and juliet, 
  yes , dubbing industry is one of the reasons . 
  the others are that foreign languages are taught very badly , english was n't taught back in the 70s/80s , so most adults do n't speak it , and a lot of people have n't interest in learning it . 
  france is better than us ? 
  really ?!? 
  god , we really suck at english . 
  wow , it 's unreal thinking that women started having the right to vote only in the 70 's in some countries ... and some even later . 
  aah dude why have n't you tagged it as nsfw ? 
  lol we also say `` fava '' but it 's another name for the vagina . 
   patata , patatona , and also figa . 
  are you sure you are n't italian ? 
  and `` pea '' is used to refer to the penis, 
  indeed `` potato '' is also a word we use to refer to the vagina . 
  i think nobody will ever find the last one , it 's hidden too well . 
  i think everybody would , except romans . 
  we lost the nobel price winner for literature , dario fo . 
  bulgaria ? 
  are you swiss ? 
  edit : i read you are from eastern europe so totally missed ahah, 
  `` called rome ? '', 
  what ? 
  it is , i 'm talking from prison now .
