  denmark is the country where it 's more likeable to be happy according to different parameters . 
  i 'm sardinian and i find this offensive ... goats are better than sheeps, 
  why do you stay so distant from each other ? 
  i respect personal space , i 'm also very introvert , but when i 'm at a bus station i do n't really care if there are people standing next to me waiting for the bus, 
  yeah i know that , after the theft it definitely became a sort of `` symbol '' of italian patriotism, 
  they did once : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vincenzo_peruggia, 
  tbh , it 's not that we care that much it 's just a joke that started after the victory in 2006 at the fifa world cup against france . 
  they even created a song about it , it was a way to celebrate and joke about the victory , also , it apparently annoys french and i do n't mind that, 
  then , if we buy it would you give it back to italy ? 
  fuck , i laughed during the whole video , thank you for showing this, 
  but you still wo n't give mona lisa back to us, 
  it depends on the point of view , maybe in the next episode we discover that his cousin 's name is kebab, 
  i think they are hugely popular all over europe . 
  tbh i 've never seen any turkish soaps , but spanish ones are extremely popular . 
  they even translate teen soaps in italian and they are heavily followed by young people , especially girls . 
  as he said though , they are mainly watched by elders rather than younger generations . 
  * perdoname mustafa , te ment\u00ed por amor de nostro hijo . . * * cries in spanish * * adios esperanza , se acab\u00f3 * * takes off his fez , leaves the house *, 
  i wish it was more that way , i hate going to the discotheque for this reason , everybody , literally everybody , smokes inside . 
  it 's impossible to normally breathe outside the bars , i have friends that smoke 5 cigarettes in less than 30 minutes, 
  i mean , there are people who want it but honestly we would n't survive on our own , our economy is not strong enough . 
  we had an economic miracle after ww2 and then during the 70s almost everybody could afford to build or buy a bigger house . 
  right now the biggest flats are still the ones built in that time . 
  well , i would have been surprised if you were not dominating this list, 
  all the sales and datas are taken from wikipedia : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_best-selling_singles#10_million_copies_or_more, 
  now i feel stupid for complaining about the cold, 
  that 's a very nice thought . 
  your curiosity and love for our culture is obviously genuine and honest !, 
  when you can i advice to go to florence , i actually never been there but it 's one of the cities that represents our history the most !, 
  i have never been to croatia but i would like to visit it one day , your coasts look beautiful and in general i have always thought it 's a very nice country !, 
  romanians : * are slavics * are gypsies * are good in bed ( i did n't expect that ahah ) * are illegal immigrants, 
  bulgarians : * are slavics * are gypsies, 
  cypriots : * how are they * who are they, 
  it 's actually not bad , russians : * from the east * went to the moon, 
  hungarians : * how are they * are slavics * are gypsies, 
  i think it 's mostly because of sport , serbia for example is our n. 1 enemy in waterpolo and they are good even at volleyball and basketball , croatia is also very good at waterpolo , but also because of territorial disputes , about istria with croatia and about trieste with slovenia . 
  anyway , we think that everybody hates us ahah, 
  maybe this idea comes from ww2 ... ? 
  i do n't know . 
  reading the other results we think that all of our neighbours hate us , including non-actual neighbours like serbia and croatia . 
  maybe , because italy is considerated one of the most beautiful countries in the world we tend to think that all the other countries near to us are `` jealous '' and hate us , or , especially with countries like france , because we beat them in sport . 
  i actually do n't think we are narcissist , we are very pessimistic and maybe for this reason , although we are happy about our achievements , we care about what the others think . 
  there must be a reason behind this , it ca n't only be alcohol . 
  also , you are a small country so it 's serious that so many people kill themselves . 
  actually is : `` ahahah '', 
  sorry but i have different results : slovenians : * hate italians * are slavics, 
  add albania , croatia , slovenia and serbia . 
  that would be funny . 
  i wonder why some people think spaniards hate us . 
  french hate us . 
  spain loves us and we love spain . 
  america , the land where you ca n't buy alcohol at 18 but can join a war , where kinder eggs are considered dangerous but selling guns is legal . 
  i do n't think it 's done that well , it 's impossible that corsica has a lower average temperature than sardinia , also , northern italy is obviously colder than southern italy, 
  hit . 
  mm yeah we joke about british , french and germans not using bidet but spaniards use it so i do n't get that . 
  maybe it 's just us that we are too clean ... ? 
  naah . 
  seeing all these mistakes now we can undertstand why germans ask that about british, 
  lol , what 's going on with us and volcanoes ? 
  what happened to corsica ? 
  they are going to revenge , i 'm sure, 
  wait !, 
  do n't do it ... you forgot to thank paprika !, 
   short i mean , you are the tallest country in the world so everybody is shorter than you, 
   why are the british dirty ? 
  i want to see this post for every country !, 
  do one with italians !, 
  anyway tbh , according to google , we apparently ask the same about french , germans and even spaniards . 
  do n't know why . 
  yes , i live there and i had the occasion to eat it, 
  i tried it and it 's very good !, 
  i ca n't disagree, 
  jokes apart , i think it 's just a coincidence ^ i ^ think, 
  `` yep , another map '' mods are hilarious these days, 
  i think we should receive a price for sure, 
  probably , also if it concerns underage people it would definitely be higher . 
  i think it 's a problem that concerns all southern europe . 
  that sucks . 
  `` finally some good news '' you weirdos, 
  if it interests you , they wanted to dedicated a bridge to harambe here, 
  i posted it on purpose because france had a part of its country near to australia while ours is in apulia . 
  we are still the best shoe-shaped country though, 
  yes , i think it 's named so to distinguish it from `` monaco '' the country . 
  i think that too . 
  also , criminal trials usually last months or even years . 
  it happens that a criminal can get imprisoned for a crime he did maybe 4 years ago . 
  i translated the original title as it was written and i added `` people will just get fined . '', 
  as you said , when i read the title i was a bit shocked but when i opened it , it made more sense . 
  i did n't want it to be misleading . 
  yes , it 's still illegal but you wo n't get in prison for it . 
  the new law concerns every type of indecent exposure . 
  unfortunately the article does not explain the reason . 
  i read other articles about it and apparently it 's a way to punish those who `` occasionally '' do it . 
  like a weirdo who jumps in front of girls and expsose his `` stuff '' and then he does not do it again . 
  ** translated summary ** people wo n't get imprisoned anymore for indecent exposure in a public place . 
  if someone does it he will receive a fine from 5.000 $ to 30.000 $ instead . 
  olbia is nice but not that exciting to be honest . 
  i would advice people to go to alghero or to cagliari , that is the biggest city in sardinia . 
  this is like ... 
  i ca n't even find words to describe how fucked up this is . 
  i think nobody finds it funny , just provocative .
