  apparently portuguese can easily understand and speak spanish while spaniards tend to not really understand them . 
  personally italians can understand spanish , not everything obviously , but if we speak slowly we can talk to each other . 
  i can understand some words in portuguese if i read them but not really if i hear them . 
  we just get along well , that 's it . 
  spanish girls love italian accent , italian girls love spanish accent , we both like to get drunk ( i guess ) , our languages are kind of similar so we can easily understand each other and we are both economically fucked up . 
  we are made for each other !, 
  love your username, 
  like at the eurovision song contest, 
  we have trash bins for each material ( paper , glass . . ) in every neighbourhood . 
  then a trash truck comes in the morning and empty them . 
  when we talk about italian colonies i think of eritrea , ethiopia and somalia and our influence was n't really strong . 
   how do you feel about your former colonies ? 
  what ? 
  reading the comments below scandinavia seems the place for you , i do n't know any pasty that has cinnamon here , but i might be wrong . 
  i think it 's more common in northen europe . 
  i mean , after a certain amount of time questions get repeated . 
  tbh i still find them entertaining but yeah they are almost all the same, 
  might be, 
  check the mirror maze on pet\u0159\u00edn hill !, 
  i just imagined a tourist wearing a t-shirt with the text `` i love sweden '' while walking in the bike path, 
  unfortunately , i have seen more italians littering than tourists ... 
  what about waffles ? 
  relevant username, 
  wait , do they really teach friulan at school ? 
  i did n't know that, 
  i think i risked to get run over by a car at least twice in the uk . 
  especially one time when i watched in both directions , and there was nothing , and a car from the right suddenly appeared near to me . 
  your variety of cakes is impressive !, 
  also , when i had baked potatoes i ate like five of them , peel included . 
  god , they were melting in my mouth . 
  the classic `` breakfast bar '' is composed by [ cappuccino and cornetto ] ( http://katyvsfood.altervista.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/dscn0636-2.jpg ) ( that is basically an italian croissant ) . 
  anyway , our breakfast is composed by sweets like biscuits , cornetti , bread with chocolate ( especially nutella ) or jam , yogurt and cereals , accompanied with coffee , milk or tea . 
  mainly coffee or milk though . 
  it 's very common !, 
  i do n't like them that much but many people love them . 
  anyway it 's a dangerous activity , unless you are an expert , each year there 's at least one person who get intoxicated by mushrooms . 
  we mostly gather [ porcini ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/boletus_edulis ) and [ cardoncelli ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pleurotus_eryngii ) , ( i do n't know their english names ) , i guess, 
  i would be nice and maybe answer them for the first minutes . 
  if he keeps speaking italian i would talk to him in italian if i see he can take a conversation . 
  otherwise , i would probably stop him and start speaking english . 
  i heard americans pronouncing italian words many times and it 's always weird and funny , mainly because for non-italians it 's hard to pronounce words with double consonants that are pretty common . 
  on the other side , italian girls love spanish accent, 
  honestly , it 's not that big deal . 
  it probably influences our ability in speaking foreign languages but it 's not a problem . 
  i mean , i 'm used to it but i understand that for the other people it might be weird, 
  that 's interesting , i did n't know the majority of the countries do n't use dubbing apart from kids shows edit : and . . 
  i do n't get the downvote for saying something way far from being offensive . 
  i knew that shows are not dubbed in the uk and in ireland because , obviously , they speak english and the majority of the films are in english , and also in scandinavia . 
  i did n't know about the netherlands and about the balkans . 
  i think that 's one of the reasons why italians and spaniards get along well . 
  we can easily understand each other . 
  when i listen to a spanish song i can understand the half of the words i hear . 
  also the sounds are very similar . 
  yeah spanish and italian are very similar , if someone talked to me in spanish i would be able to understand at least what he 's trying to say , although i would not get all the words . 
  for an italian , french is not so complicated when you know how to read it , many words are similar , i can easily understand and translate a small text or a song written in it . 
  about portuguese , many people think is similar to spanish but i 'm not able to get it like i understand spanish . 
  if you made me read a text written in portuguese i would understand some words but it 's harder . 
  it 's the same here , there 's a big business behind dubbing, 
  we dub everything so i watch films and tv shows dubbed in italian . 
  i only use subs if it does n't exist the italian version , apart from youtube because although i understand english i prefer using them, 
  sweden has always seemed an indenpendent country to me but i do n't know, 
  it 's better to stay away from the balkans affairs, 
  i would prefer corsica to be honest , i 've always considered it like a second sardinia who just speaks french, 
  almost every region asked once to be independent, 
  oh you are right , it was late and i wrote it 2 times thank you , edited it, 
  disney characters had and still have a huge impact here . 
  mickey mouse is called `` topolino '' in italy and the comic with its name is one of the most popular comic series ever here . 
  the stories are written and designed by italians and i used to read them so much . 
  they also include donald duck and the other main disney characters . 
  who knows , maybe france will give corsica and nice back to us or slovenia will fight to reconquer trieste or croatia will give istria back to us . 
  yes , they still exist . 
  especially in sicily and campania , they are less powerful than before , thank god , but they still run a big numbers of illegal activites in italy especially concerning drugs , guns and prostitution , some examples : * the campanian mafia called camorra still threat people in certain zones . 
  people who own a shop in those areas have to pay an amount of money , called `` pizzo '' , a sort of payoff , and if they do n't do it will burn down or place a bomb in their shop to destroy it * they are also responsibles of a big numbers of corruption in the building industry . 
  here , when there 's the need to build something , from a school to a football ( soccer ) stadium , the organisers do a sort of competition to find a company that is going to do the work . 
  mafia usually bribe these people to make sure they win , and when they do , they get paid by them for doing the work but they do n't care about doing a good job so they use cheap materials to have a bigger profit . 
  * they also do many extravagant things . 
  although they have less power than before they are still respected by many communities . 
  during religious processions , that usually consist in carrying a statue of the virgin mary around the city where it 's taking place , in some small towns , when the statue passes near to the local `` boss '' house , they stop it and let it bow to it , to show some kind of respect to this person , like saying that even someone like the virgin mary is inferior to the boss ' authority . 
  * another examples of ridiculous stuff they do to show their wealth is this event that took place last year . 
  a mafia boss died and his family obviously decided to organise a funeral in his honor . 
  the family took things way too far and rented a carriage driven by black horses to carry the coffin , an helicopter that was throwing roses petals and big poster with the deceased person 's face with the text `` you are the king of rome '' , all of this with the godfather soundtrack as a background . 
  this thing caused a lot of controversies and the government told about the fact saying the they must do something to stop this kind of acts . 
  read more about it here : http://www.ansa.it/english/news/general_news/2015/08/20/godfather-style-funeral-for-mafia-boss_391c2c77-983e-4253-8350-0c93cfa64c9c.html they are still dangerous but not like before , the `` big '' bosses are all in prison or are becoming old and the families are losing the recognition they had before . 
  although in some areas , especially in southern italy , they run many activities and are still respected by the local communities . 
  edit : i 'm not an expert , i do n't live in these places so i might be wrong about some things . 
  also , mafia is not like before , do n't think about al capone or that stuff . 
  * alfredo sauce exists here * pepperoni pizza is a traditional italian dish * spaghetti and meatballs are a thing * we are all tanned, 
  yeah roman and neapolitan are perfect for swearing . 
  actually no but they use it for foreign names . 
  if the father is unknown they use the surname of the mother , or if he 's adopted , the surname of the adoptive father . 
  in italy children always receive the surname of their father . 
  i know some people who now live in italy but that are born in russia and ukraine . 
  their names were written in cyrillic but here they are written using latin aplhabet . 
  i actually do n't know if they allow people to do that but i 'm almost sure they just write `` ivanov '' and apply the italian law . 
  if you knew all the bad words and blasphemies that exist in both italian and dialect, 
  `` italy is a democratic republic , founded on work . '', 
  best joke ever, 
  agreed . 
  * italy * sardinia * europe, 
  `` the intouchables '' is one of my favourite films,
