  i might be unconventional but for me pineapple pizza is good , but bananas mixed with tomato sauce and cheese ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the netherlands for being a small country have a long list of successful producers , can you explain how it all began ? 
  because mexico is bae !, 
  i think we should also add australia in the map . 
  for god 's sake , what the hell ? 
  oops , well , that 's embarrassing, 
  i want to go to sweden one day, 
  this is not that accurate , i have just searched '' #rome '' , it gets 10.933.735 and it 's not in the list, 
  that 's how every serious protest should be . 
  and then i 'm here complaining about the hot becuase it 's still 21 \u00b0 c. 
  hola : * tacos or burritos ? 
  * why mexico city seems to have a lot of spotify users ? 
  everytime i check the cities where a singer is the most listened by mexico city is almost everytime the first . 
  edit : * is the word `` gringo '' a typical thing of latin america ? 
  i have a chat group with some people from brazil and they also say `` gringo '' referred to foreigners . 
  thank you , do n't know if it 's misleading or not but i have just seen an italian article about it and it says that it is actually one of the reasons . 
  i mean , the official reason is that the volunteers are not enough to protect the country , it all makes sense to me right now , it 's not like they have any other choice . 
  this is absurd , hope these women win . 
   military give you advantages in your work life really ? 
  like what kind of advantages ? 
  i 'm just extranous to all of this so i would like to learn and know more about other cultures . 
  it 's interesting to see how each country has a different general opinion about certain topics . 
  he is like the noel gallagher of politics, 
  personally , these are not good reasons to do that . 
  still find your enthusiasm weird for a country who is known for being neutral but each country has a different mentality so who am i to judge ? 
  in my opinion it 's just a waste of time , only nationalist right-wing politicians want that , because in that way you learn `` discipline '' because in their minds we are all uneducated people who have nothing to do with their lives . 
  my parents taught me discipline and i 'm sure everybody when he was young has done something bad . 
  each year many teens do military service because they want to , constripting people to do that would also mean you will have a lot of teens who are not going to do a good job , i do n't want to spend years `` playing with guns '' , i want to be free and choose what i want to do . 
  yeah i know that ... 
   who even steals famous art ? 
  serious question , can you explain why ? 
  pearls to pigs, 
  i 'm happy they abolished it in my country . 
  i have read the article but i actually did n't get if it 's a necessity or not , honestly i would have been pretty scared of doing it , i do n't know what swedish teens think about it but if they did that in italy , i would have protested or tried to avoid it . 
  you ca n't force people . 
  i have wanted to ask why adidas was so popular there for a long time , it all makes sense now . 
  in italy it was extremely popular , our national tv after the end of the original series made another one with the collaboration of austrian tv and it lasted 8 seasons . 
  you have never seen this [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/l0up2o9yeho ), 
  that accent ahah also the fact everybody is wearing adidas clothes makes it even funnier . 
  so sweeeeet , now we only have to make them join the esc next year like aussies did to offically confirm our beautiful friendship !, 
  oh thanks i did n't know that , it was a great show !, 
  i have been watching that for years and i have always thought it was a german series , til . 
  thank you for making our days !, 
  we appreciated , 
  and then we talk shit about them, 
  it 's crazy that sweden and the netherlands are less populated than italy but in proportion their subreddits are the most followed , we are like 50,000 users of which maybe just a few people are really active . 
  it looks like a character of some american beach comedy about surfing and friendship that for some reasons got into a german crime tv series, 
  catalan, 
  i 'm a mexican undercover . 
  danes took the cinnamon challenge to another level, 
  i thought that was argentina, 
  that 's what we wanted to know, 
  este : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54o51j/hello/ anyway the other one es muy gracioso, 
  i asked that because there 's a map of mexico instead of the typical map of europe , and also , if you click on the subreddit 's name instead of showing you the eu flag it shows you the mexican flag . 
  yesterday a mexican wrote a post where he said `` hi '' to europe and he was very nice so i think the mods are changing / r/europe to mexico to show him our appreciation . 
  i actually do n't mind it , i like speaking jalapeno jajaja, 
  that 's nicest thing i 've ever read , saludos desde italia !, 
  i agree with you . 
  personally , i improve my english by listening to english music , i memorize the lyrics and i get the right pronunciation by hearing how they speak . 
  i watch many videos on youtube with english subtitles and going on reddit also helps me a bit . 
  dubbing industry is so big that many people would protest about it , i think it would be hard to stop dubbing films , at least now . 
  anyway , for me the stats about italy are true , some english teachers are atrocious , it 's not surprising that many students ca n't speak it . 
  i think they should teach foreign languages way better here . 
  english is taugh since primary school but apparently people still ca n't speak it correctly , the majority of people go to private schools to learn it ( and still ca n't understand a single word ) . 
  apart from that other languages are not considered that much . 
  2 languages are mandatory only in middle school , that it lasts 3 years , and you can usually choose between french and spanish . 
  i studied french and i never did it again , i just remember the basics and it 's obviously not enough . 
  i ca n't think of any specific winter dishes , maybe [ polenta ] ( http://www.giallozafferano.it/images/ricette/0/86/foto_hd/hd650x433_wm.jpg ) and [ farinata ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ef/la_farinata_di_ceci.jpg ) that are usually eaten in these months, 
  honestly i find this title very cringey, 
  talking about her body , maybe , about her music , hell no . 
  in italian it 's called `` repubblica ceca '' so it still has the word `` republic '' , do you hate us for this ? 
  i just shared the hashtag , that 's the only thing i can do to help , keep fighting for your rights poles !, 
  i think budapest would n't be a bad choice, 
  this thing is getting out of hand, 
   i would say that spain or italy are the few places in europe where that is not a social handicap . 
  mmmm ... not exactly , especially at a young age it is sometimes , as well as smoking . 
  with time people tend to not care that much about it but it can be a handicap . 
  they blocked american websites to make people use russian websites, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  why would you order it if they throw golden confetti only for you ? 
  i think hungary is good at that too, 
  poor russian men !, 
  they are curious , the us is seen as the land of snacks of every type and stuff like reese 's cups or twinkies are overhyped by social medias . 
  things like tumblr or instagram are full of profiles that publish pictures of american products . 
  certain things wo n't ever be popular here , as i do n't expect snacks from europe to be popular there . 
  personally i would try them for curiosity but i ca n't see myself eating tons of those and as far as i know some things are liked by americans either, 
  italy is basically a big boot with orange dots, 
   roman empire best empire ~ ~ * only * italian empire ~ ~ conpared to all the other empires ever existed, 
  some jokes are completely ruined if translated to italian , i get them because i know english but it 's cringey how they translate some words , also , i sometimes wonder why they do n't literally translate films ' titles . 
  for example , the film `` the intouchables '' that would have been `` gli intoccabili '' in italian is translated as `` quasi amici '' that means `` almost friends '' . 
  i do n't get that ... 
  it 's like being a teacher , saying random words and then when students say they did n't understand anything , stating that you were talking all the time, 
  but the younger generations will still be able to buy them for them, 
  italians are okay, 
  roman empire best empire !, 
  i think it 's very positive what the ukranian team is doing at this paralympics games , it 's incredible !, 
  no i think it 's because of the light, 
  i think that happened after i took the picture because the french blue was identical to the `` sardinian '' blue, 
  i wrote the article 's title but yeah they have n't directly asked people if they were happy .
