but they do n't care about that . 
  how many boats of refugees do you see going out of europe because their staying time has `` expired '' ? 
  are you that naive to think that they will really go back ? 
  riiight , they will want to return for sure . 
  i 'm sure if all the conflicts in/around syria would cease tomorrow everyone would just return home . 
  hey , i 'm fine with syrian refugees not staying in romania , too many arab-looking people here anyway . 
  i 'll bet the germans are `` less fine '' with them all coming to germany though . 
  the islamization of europe has to continue after all . 
  yes , there are some gypsy villages here where there are only mansions now . 
  but it 's not with money they got from begging in the west , it 's from money they stole or acquired illegaly ( because that 's all they can do ) . 
  you ca n't build mansions like that if you 're only getting $ 20/day , let 's be real . 
  you said it yourself . 
  i understand that there are a lot of non-white swedes who were basically born there , but that 's life . 
  the majority of people get the middle finger , and only a few get to be born in countries like sweden . 
  if a white person goes to africa , then people there would most likely look at him differently and would consider him an outsider , right ? 
  it 's human nature , and exactly what i 'd expect . 
  why do n't most immigrants have common sense and expect everything to bend to their will ? 
  even if she did n't , why does n't she move somewhere else ? 
  i know i would if i did n't like how i was treated by people , but i guess africa is n't all that appealing . 
  so she 's unemployed and complaining about racism in sweden . 
  i really do n't understand these people . 
  if you move to another country , culturally and in almost every other way different than yours , then you got ta expect stuff like that . 
  why did she move to sweden and why does n't she move somehwere where she wo n't have to suffer from cultural discrimination ? 
  if it were a white woman in the photo , there probably would n't be any `` wut swedish '' comments , but let 's face it , when you picture a swedish woman you picture a white woman ( most likely ) . 
  i think most humans would associate swedish with `` ethnically swedish '' rather than `` has swedish citizenship '' . 
  save for the accent , she speaks pretty good romanian . 
  better than a lot of natives for sure !, 
  and i do n't think that 's important . 
  a mayor should not be judged by his/her capability of speaking the language . 
  i do n't know if there is a law , there probably is n't , but i 'm saying there should be ( the keyword is ** should ** here , which also appears in my original statement ) . 
  i 'm not going to continue this discussion since nothing good will come of it , but i will recommend that you take your own advice regarding that last phrase . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  i assume you like the alternative : give them citizenship and ignore them so that the children will teach their children the same values until switzerland does away with gender equality and freedom . 
  not only should they deny citizenship , but they should throw the kids and their parents out of the country first thing after . 
  especially the parents , because the damn father is in switzerland since 2001 and he still did n't adapt and even worse he teaches his kids the same bullshit he believes in . 
  people like this are a literal cancer of the society . 
  why would you come to a country so different than yours , if you want to live like you did back home ? 
  they clearly do n't want to integrate and they should be told to fuck off . 
  if they 're shared by all western countries it does n't mean they only apply to western countries . 
  as i said , asylum for genuine political oppression is fine as long as it 's very strict . 
  i 'd probably even require apostasy as a condition , since religion is toxic to humans . 
  as for the numbers , i meant to say more than one third . 
  your first paragraph does not make any sense to me . 
  there are some western values , like human rights and shit that are shared by all western countries . 
  i understand that there might be people who would genuinely seek political/religious asylum but that should be granted after very thorough examination and tests and stuff , not just because one asks for it . 
  i could n't care less what happens in the middle east as long as it does n't affect me . 
  they can treat women like objects and blow themselves up all they want for all i care , but they should do it in their countries where they 're allowed to . 
  if 30 million people in turkey do n't want the erdogan regime then they should do something about it , not leave for another country . 
  after all 30 million is more than two thirds of the population . 
  that 's hardly the solution . 
  as has already been said you ca n't force democracy down people 's throats . 
  the simpler and way better solution is to just put serious restriction on who comes into the `` western world '' . 
  if you 're from a country whose culture is not compatible with western culture/values , then there 's no point in being allowed in a western country . 
  way simpler and more effective than changing the regimes in a dozen countries . 
  i think you 're overestimating muslims ' desire to integrate , and underestimating their desire to pop a lot of little mohammeds . 
  who would 've thought ? 
  well , western countries should close their borders to people who have very bad prospects of integrating into their cultures . 
  this should be happening now , it 's why all the disasters like islamic neighborhoods and whatnot are happening in western countries . 
  the rules are indeed outrageous but if the airline allows women to `` pass '' on going to places like that , it 's all good in my book . 
  i do n't know why you think the western world should or has to do something about that . 
  let natural selection run its course and countries like that become even deeper shitholes than they are now . 
  10-20m of space between each person is going to turn into a reaaally long line . 
  these are not acceptable solutions . 
  we have to treat the cause not the effects . 
  you do n't think 8 % in france is a lot ? 
  or 6 % in germany ? 
  i think you 're the one not properly estimating numbers here . 
  except for the weather ( which many people do n't like , but i for example like colder climates ) , every other reason you can think of . 
  the people ( minus the immigrants of course ) , the culture , the way of thinking , the economy , the fact that they are all mostly non-religious and i could go on and on ... everything is awesome . 
  the only problem i can see is their need for `` political correctness '' which basically labels natives as racists whatever they do and victimizes immigrants even when they do terrible deeds . 
  and the immigrants ( mostly muslims ) that are now ruining it . 
  they 've turned sweden into the rape capital of europe unfortunately . 
  but still , if sweden were my home country i would definitely not leave yet . 
  sweden still has maybe a decade or two until it 'll turn into a muslim shithole if things do n't change . 
  just curious , why would you downgrade from a country like sweden , which is one of the best in the world to live in , to romania ? 
  also , how do you like it here ? 
  agree , i was `` shocked '' to see that all the defendants have arabic names . 
  german way here . 
  now that 's what i call a good article . 
  nice imagery !, 
  black metal has to be norway 's biggest export . 
  i 've lived in a western european country for about a year , but that was like 9-10 years back . 
  i liked it there , everything seemed just better than home ( obviously ) , but still i could n't shake that feeling of not belonging and not feeling at home there . 
  i feel way more comfortable in my own country than i felt there and not because i was unwelcome . 
  the people there treated me pretty good i think , but i still considered myself inferior because i was living in their country after all . 
  from what i 've noticed , not many people think like me though . 
  some go to a new place and feel like they deserve it all . 
  anyway , there 's a certain comfort in living in my native country , as shitty as it is . 
  it 's good that things seem to be improving now . 
  danes really seem to know their shit !, 
  sign me up man . 
  i 'd come to the netherlands for that . 
  yeah , of course . 
  would n't think about it twice . 
  i 'd just leave her and find myself a better looking one in europe cause let 's face it arab women are not exactly the most beautiful out there . 
  actually , for most things ( like food and the things you buy most often ) the prices are the same . 
  the diferences lay in service prices and , restaurant prices and stuff like that . 
  but even then , when you calculate the ratio of what you make and the cost diference you still come out ahead in the west . 
  you do pay more for rent and other stuff , but the point is that after you 're done paying for all your basic necessities you 're left with more money in western countries . 
  or , i should say that you can do more with the money you have left , even though things are more expensive ( not all of them btw ) .
