  so let 's say i earn 500e in romania and 2000e in germany . 
  i have to pay rent ~ 200-300e in romania and ~ 1000e in germany . 
  i can do more with 1000e in germany than i can with 300e in romania . 
  the point is doing that is useless . 
  the boycotting of certain foreign products will never happen at a large enough scale for it to matter because people just do n't give a shit . 
  so you 're only hurting yourself by doing that . 
  but , at least you feel better about it so there 's that . 
  in other news , germany , france and sweden have really felt the blow dealt by your not buying their products anymore !, 
  good job !, 
  first of all , you are also doing the same thing . 
  deeming me as less intelligent because i 'm an `` arrogant atheist '' . 
  now i wo n't deny there are intelligent religious people out there , there definitely are some , but even those are lacking in basic logic and deduction , in my opinion . 
  you may be a very intelligent man in one field but if you lack the ability to logically put things together then i 'm sorry , i do n't think highly of you . 
  it is indeed remarkable how some very bright people could not see religion for what it actually is . 
  i definitely consider myself more intelligent than people who take fictional stories for granted and live their lives around them . 
  i 'm sorry bro , but religious and intelligent do n't really go together . 
  very far from it . 
  i was brought up as one but quickly ditched it when i started to think for myself , because it 's ridiculous . 
  the fact that romania ( and a lot of other eastern european countries ) is so religious goes to show how stupid the average guy is here . 
  though it seems to be slowly improving , more and more young people become atheists . 
  a majority of my friends are also atheists and the rest are mainly just weekend christians . 
  only 1 guy i 've been in contact with is a hardcore christian , like prays before every meal , wo n't have sex until marriage etc. 
  wow , romanians hate atheists the most and they hate muslims just a little bit more . 
  shows that most people here are retarded . 
  i wonder why a lot of people trust muslims in countries like sweden or the netherlands . 
  muslim percentages should be in the 0-20 % range . 
  europe has gotten really stupid . 
  it 's braila . 
  i do n't think in other countries there 's such a big discrepancy between jobs in it and the rest . 
  there is some progress in the big cities , but everywhere else it 's still terrible , and things do n't seem to be improving . 
  bucharest is so very different from a smaller town , you would n't even believe it . 
  i 'm from a smaller city and i still visit ocasionally because my parents still live there . 
  the population is polarized , age-wise and income-wise . 
  most people who can afford to , leave the city after highschool and very few come back . 
  there 's only old people and some youngsters there , that 's it . 
  the 1 or 2 highschool friends that still live there can only find work for minimum wage , if they 're lucky . 
  i would say 90 % of people aged 20-35 who still live there are privileged guys who drive very expensive cars . 
  even here in bucharest , if you 're not in it , it 's kinda tough . 
  i have lots of friends who have degrees in social stuff or politics and ca n't find work in their fields . 
  it 's really not as good as the news would have you believe . 
  affordable compared to western europe maybe . 
  you also forgot to mention that it is 19th century slow . 
  for example , i used to take the train from bucharest to my hometown , a distance of exactly 200km . 
  this means a 3.5 h train ride ( on average ) for a cost of about 60ron or 15 eur . 
  with just a little more money i can go there by car , and arrive about 1-1 .5 hrs earlier . 
  if you own a car , taking the train is simply pointless here . 
  and the infrastructure is not getting better any time soon . 
  it 's a good thing eastern orthodoxy does not promote suicide bombing , cause i tell you there would be a lot of terrorists coming from romania !, 
  true , these locations are cherry picked . 
  but you say crime rate and not `` non-crime-rate '' . 
  you 're just proving my point . 
  you talk about a percentage of crime ( not considered normal , or good in society ) . 
  that 's exactly what the article title is about , a thing that 's not considered normal in society . 
  this is the normal way to talk about things . 
  agree , i think life expectancy , even in a country like mine is still high ( ~ 74 if google is correct ) . 
  i personally would not want to live after 65-70 . 
  life goes downhill really fast from there . 
  so as long as life expectancy is above 60 it 's totally fine for me . 
  a life expectancy of 90 is just going to drag a country down and i do n't think a 80y/o person enjoys life that much . 
  well , neuer is the best gk in the world so no surprise there . 
  i 'm glad italy is out , their games are just too boring . 
  they 're way too defensive . 
  they were trying to get to the penalties from minute 70 . 
  i just can not like a team that comes to a match to defend 120 minutes and then flip a coin at the penalties . 
  of course humans have been migrating since the dawn of time , but the problem was always the same . 
  a foreigner was a foreigner in 666 bc even more than he 'd be in 2016 . 
  if anything the problem was slightly ameliorated for foreigners throughout the centuries , but has never disappeared . 
  your second statement frankly baffles me . 
  you 're one of them who labels people a nazi whenever they say something you do n't agree with . 
  well , all those things you mentioned are of course considered bad by western societies as a whole , there are even laws against some of them . 
  but did that solve the problem ? 
  what do you want to do , silence the people that are racist , xenophobes etc ? 
  how are you going to do that ? 
  it 's been tried of course but it just does not work . 
  the problem is somewhat kept in line by laws and stigma but has not disappeared in so many decades and will still be there . 
  not allowing people to openly say they 're racists or xenophobes does n't solve the problem , only makes it worse . 
  you do n't even know that your neighbors secretly hate you . 
  if this is not made up then it 's truly shocking . 
  people even hate others who are basically same as them . 
  culturally , physically , everything . 
  it 's just that she was not born there . 
  goes to show that globalization is destined to fail and forcing it down people 's throats only worsens the issue . 
  i guess that 's what years of mass immigration from everywhere gets you . 
  you get some people who are not willing to integrate , others are not willing to let others integrate . 
  globalization is stupid and will only lead to disaster the longer it goes on . 
  no , i was talking to my fellow countryman . 
  y western europeans think it 's all about them ? 
  there are very few things in our culture that are not absolutely shit . 
  i 'm all for our culture taking the hit and disappearing . 
  wrong , he said from pakistan . 
  you probably have to call them up and then ask for asylum . 
  this deserves an upvote . 
  i disagree . 
  as far as i 'm concerned google can make it so that facebook is completely excluded from search results . 
  it is their product after all , it 's not like when you create a search engine you 're bound by some rules to deliver the most relevant results . 
  you can make a search engine that displays random stuff no matter what you search for . 
  is that illegal ? 
  i also disagree with your facebook vs google + example . 
  if google were to do that , and always display google + stuff first then people would stop using google and turn to better search engine which would n't be biased . 
  that 's called natural selection , and that 's how monopolies should be fought .
