  if google were to change their search engine to display google products no matter what you search for , how many people do you think would still use google ? 
  i think this is plain retarded . 
  just like the ` ie being the default browser in windows ' thing . 
  it 's a free country/economy , if i make a good product i can put whatever i want in it , because it 's mine . 
  i do n't have to make concessions just because i have a monopoly . 
  this things should be sorted out naturally . 
  if google promotes its own products by using their search engine and people do n't like this , they should switch to another search engine , not viceversa . 
  so y u cryin about it ? 
  do what everyone else does , emigrate and do bad things . 
  this reputation is n't gon na sustain itself . 
  i 'm around 1.80 and i can feel i 'm above average in romania . 
  but my father was 1.8 so i was expecting a bit more ... still time to grow tho , only 23 , 
  so basically we are like gypsies . 
  even though we were not roman we wanted to pretend we were/are and we named our country thus . 
  jokes aside , every romanian is taught to be proud that we are the descendants of romans , which i find very funny . 
  it 's like a lot of other things in this country , romanians have a very good image about romanians in general . 
  the overwhelming majority think we are the smartest/best in the world cause they hear about isolated cases of romanians achieving something . 
  but in reality , we 're just ignorant . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  depends what you classify as gipsy , cause most of them sure do n't think/say they are gypsies . 
  if you mean the ones that wear traditional gypsy clothing then 10 % is exaggerated . 
  if you mean all of them , there 's more than 10 % . 
  there 's not a huge percentage of gypsies in bucharest but some other cities/towns have a much higher percentage of gypsies . 
  people get smarter . . unlike in some other countries where 90 % + is religious . 
  most people do n't know how the economy of a country works . 
  you can not argue with ~ ~ an idiot ~ ~ the average romanian about how higher wages and lower taxes is unsustainable . 
  all he cares about is that he gets x money more on his paycheck/pension . 
  yay !, 
  we were always good at cutting corners . 
  but why ? 
  eastern european countries still have at the very least 30-40 years of development to get to the point where people will no longer want to leave for greener pastures and ( more importantly for population growth ) immigrants will start to come in . 
  while i do n't think the population will drop that much in 7-8 years , it will continue to drop for at least 20-30 more . 
  and even that is very optimistic . 
  they will give up storming the border after a few of them die . . death is a powerful motivational tool , you know, 
  the guy provided some sources at least . 
  i do n't read religious shit , and i do n't even need to , i just need to look at the islamic world to see that islam is indeed as retarded as it gets . 
  i mean , this `` islam is good but people interpret it wrong '' is just plain bullshit . 
  and that 's why you think islamists are ruining your country i guess . 
  i do n't get it . 
  anyone care to explain why ukrainians choose to go to poland instead of other we countries ? 
  astute observation . 
  we were talking about discrimination . 
  ok then the first part of my statement is wrong . 
  but this does n't change the fact that the only `` mistake '' those guys made was that they put up that sign . 
  because this kind of discrimination happens in a lot of places , they just do n't say it outright . 
  you ca n't deny that night clubs discriminate based on gender . 
  why do n't they get sued and closed ? 
  what ? 
  that is so stupid . 
  they should not even win the case in court , if you ask me . 
  i agree , it 's racist and wrong but it 's my gym and my right to welcome anyone i want there . 
  in romania some places have signs that say something like `` we reserve the right to choose our customers '' , and i agree with that . 
  why is this sign different than night clubs who do n't allow people in because they do n't like their faces ? 
  for all i know the guards might be discriminating based on other factors , like sex . 
  but no one bats an eye about this . 
  this world is crazy and has gone to shit . 
  but this is soviet russia my friend ... 
  you hardly punish someone by taking his religion away . 
  by forcing him to be less stupid you would actually be helping him . 
  that is even more stupid than `` not believing it being a crime '' is . 
  and the guy was n't just believing crazy shit , he was somehow acting about it too , since he was witnessed doing it . 
  why is this not a crime , and being a nazi or holocaust denier is ? 
  this guy is just another exception among the majority of peaceful muslims . 
  they know the suspect was born in uae , but do n't know the nationality ? 
  also , they do n't even mention a physical description or other details about the suspect , because that would probably be racist . 
  what is up with the months ? 
  every other european language i know uses similar words for months . 
   i will pray for your safety and prosperity . 
  let me know if it works out . 
  been praying for a ferrari for so long now ... 
  i must be doing something wrong . 
  there 's also the other stuff , like storing passwords in plain text and using ` adminadmin ' as password . 
  that 's like security 101 for everyone who calls themselves a technical person . 
  whenever i see my password being emailed to me in plain text i cringe . 
   as much as it bothers me to say it , russians are there to stay why do you care about moldova ? 
  because it 's cool to do it ? 
  it 's a hipster thing to want unification now , but that 's never going to happen probably , and at this point it would be no good anyway . 
  russian influence has gotten so strong there that people are closer to them than to us . 
  moldavian students in my university spoke in russian between themselves . 
  oh ok , i misread your statement . 
  thought you said that taking pensions outside is unfair , but you were talking about the rules . 
  but still , let me see if i got this right . 
  are you talking about income tax on your pension ? 
  so if you stay in denmark you will pay 40 % , but if you go somewhere else you will pay 60 % ? 
  is this danish law ? 
  about your last statement : i do n't really understand the government here . 
  say i work in denmark for 5 or 10 years . 
  i pay taxes there , i contribute to society and everything . 
  then pension is my reward for doing that . 
  at least this is how i understand the concept of pensions . 
  but anyway , on a personal note , why do you care so much about your pension ? 
  what is the retirement age in dk , 60-65 ? 
  by then you 'll have lived all the best parts of your life , and sacrificing something when you 're young for your pensions seems pretty stupid to me . 
  you say you would like to live in another country ? 
  then do it while life is still good . 
  can you please elaborate on why you think it 's unfair ? 
  if one pays taxes in another country then he basically pays for the pensions there . 
  why would he not be entitled to receive his fair share , even if he will no longer be living there ? 
  how hard is it to leave turkey now ?
