  now i do n't have nothing against them being gay , but i do have something against stupid people . 
  if u gay , refugee camp should be the last place you should go . 
  and , if you do end up there for whatever reason , then do n't do gay things . 
  simple , darwinian shit . 
  when you in a place where most people kill gays and u gay , do n't be gay !, 
  he will also have less purchasing power while living in poland . 
  there is no way back now . 
  it 's not like you can just send most migrants back , especially with these socialists in power . 
  you just have to cut your losses and stop accepting more . 
  but ... finland is smart , it 's not a fair comparison . 
  we invest in huge churches instead . 
  wonder how that will pan out . 
  what do you have to do to become a saint in estonia ? 
  can i pls ? 
  i do n't know man ... 
  it 's not really a thing to be proud of . 
  it 's like competing for 1st spot in who 's more backwards . 
  i was worried we 'd have no competition with our outrageous cathedral so ... thanks ? 
  we have the highest percentage of religious people in europe , like 90 % + . 
  and we are obviously very well off , pretty fuckin rich , and you know when everything else kind of works you just start building these things . 
  cause why not ? 
  not sure if joking or not , i assume it 's both serious and joking to some extent but i 've been to berlin and it 's not that bad . 
  it 's pretty ugly as a city , but the people and life i liked . 
  i spoke to a german guy who said he likes berlin cause police wo n't give you shit for smoking weed on the street , as opposed to munchen which was portrayed as a city full of rich bastards . 
  are you from munchen ? 
  welcome to ... the whole world ? 
  i believe that 's the story everywhere more or less . 
  variance in the price of imported products is very small across countries ( in europe at least ) in my experience . 
  there may be some extreme cases , like norway from what i 've heard where a car costs 3x what it would cost in germany or something of the sort . 
  but if we 're talking a bar of snickers , prices wo n't vary much from eastern europe to germany or uk . 
  so everyone has western prices except for services . 
  well , if people take those jobs then it means they had worse options/no options to begin with . 
  what would you prefer , starving to death or being underpaid compared to a german worker ? 
  alas , it 's a sad reality in poorer countries . 
  nobody forces anyone to take those jobs , and people who do take them probably do n't have better alternatives . 
  what 's the difference between civil unions and marriage ? 
  this is why the eu should n't have expanded so aggressively . 
  if you 're going to have freedom of movement and workforce with member countries so drastically different in wages and wealth , then obviously some things are going to be fucked up . 
  it 's not the irish workers ' fault that they 're replaced by a cheaper workforce and obviously people from eastern europe do n't sleep in a house together with other people because they like it . 
  and yet they 're to blame ... 
   until a small minority of muslims stop taking the retarded and violent ~ ~ passages of the ~ ~ koran literally . 
  man , everyone laughing at trump but you do n't see no muslims blowing themselves up in the states every day . 
  and then you complain that this happen here . 
  well guess what , that 's what dem left wing pc politics do fo ' you !, 
  why do i have a feeling that polls about these kinds of things are inaccurate ? 
  not for this subreddit . 
  i would bet most readers here do n't even know the context or have to look it up because , and you might want to sit down for this , romania is n't the center of the universe . 
  but ... why on / r/europe ? 
  seems to me that like 20 % of posts here are about romania . 
  stop posting every little detail please . 
  i did n't say this affected me personally . 
  i was talking about the situation in 1st world countries not romania . 
  by the way , this is one of the benefits of living in a shitty country . 
  nobody gives a shit about it so they have no interest in blowing themselves up here . 
  i agree . 
  most of them are not blowing themselves up of course , but in life you always have to compromise . 
  not to mention they do n't really integrate or want to anyway . 
  sometimes you just got ta see the pattern , evaluate the risk and make a decision . 
  until that day comes enjoy living in fear while priding yourself with your political correctness . 
  i think sometimes you just got ta step back and stop overthinking it . 
  he sees muslims are a problem and he tries to stop or at least restrict muslim immigration . 
  he may seem retarded in a lot of things that he does , but his straightforward , simple and non-politically correct mentality is just what 's needed sometimes . 
  nordics should be pretty happy . 
  it 's not every day they have the same color in a statistics map as us . 
  just curious , which cee countries ? 
  had 0 problems in the ones i 've been to . 
  did she order it in german ? 
  i think young people hate russia , because it and all of it 's ideologies are stupid . 
  everything russia touches/touched turns to shit -  see eastern europe . 
  old people love russia because they think communism was better . 
  old people are wrong . 
  it 's the same in all of eastern europe i 'd say . 
  the discrepancy between programmer wages and the rest is pretty big . 
  i know a lot of romanians in it who do n't emigrate because they wo n't be able to afford the same lifestyle in a richer country . 
  you are right , confirmation bias is always present in these things and i am pretty sure my opinion is influenced by it . 
  and my sources are mainly news websites and personal opinions of myself and friends who either went to western european countries who deal with these problems or live there . 
   how can you know who will integrate or not ? 
  why make blanket judgement on everyone who arrive instead of making judgement for every individual ? 
  well , statistics and experience can give you some insights into that . 
  and the simple fact is that a lot of muslims do n't integrate in europe . 
  they come here and try to live like they lived back home . 
  all mostly due to ~ ~ their retarded religion ~ ~ islam . 
  every religion is retarded , but islam seems to be just one step beyond the others . 
  35m2 , live alone . 
  before i lived in a 52m2 apartment , also alone . 
  i do n't mind the size as much as i hate renting a place ( the other place i own ) . 
  owning the place is much less of a headache . 
  there was this austrian painter that said northerners are better than southerners but i do n't know how much truth there is in that . 
  another theory is that colder weather makes people think more clearly or something , than very hot weather which just makes you crazy and promotes laziness . 
  there 's also a theory that northerners had more resources thus better circumstances but this does n't seem to be consistent . 
  there 's countries like russia which have resources but are still shit so ... maybe that austrian painter was right after all . 
  in bucharest it 's generally too hot . 
  lately it feels more like 2 seasons instead of 1 , spring and autumn being basically summer for the most part . 
  and summer is waaaay too hot . 
  i also hate that the temperature seems to change more abruptly lately . 
  it sounds kind of like a kid 's language to me as well because to my ears almost every noun sounds like a diminutive for something or words that kids would use but adults not so much . 
  what ? 
  location matters . 
  in zurich or norway i think you 'd be piss poor making 2.5 k , in other places you 're upper middle class . 
  i think bratislava qualifies as the latter .
