  did you notice e.g. 
  putin in russia giving a fuck about how small the opposition parties are , when their leaders get `` accidents '' ? 
   he is not much of an undercover spy tough it 's quite obvious he worked in favor of russian interests here . 
  and advocating solely through free speech is not a crime . 
  really glad that political freedom is doing good in poland , unlike a typical communist country . 
  flexing their war cocks and arousing the rubble to die for them is the favorite game of the neocons . 
  that is after they fail spectacularly to arouse the rubble to ` volunteer ' or work for nothing . 
  translation for realists : switching russia-friendly oligarchs with western-friendly oligarchs is central to the success of hostile takeover in ukraine . 
  they are interred in a camp . 
  there is no freedom there . 
  we are experts at rejecting the transplant . 
  in brave new capitalism , wants  needs . 
  you must want more . 
  it is treason not to . 
  `` who are you and why do you ask ? '', 
  * us : : social strategy : liberty & ideology : freedom * moldova : : social strategy : tradition & ideology : autocracy . 
  just because communism was shitty does n't mean everything has to be turned into a neoliberal fanfest , aka `` fuck the post-1990 middle ground '' . 
  i think it 's very appropriate to retort childish to a childish , `` everyone for themselves '' handling . 
  maybe try to not act childish the next time . 
  yes , but those attacks do n't have enough impact to cause chaos compared to the main cause , which is european union 's responsibility . 
  i would rather think a good chunk of people who resist the red scare-like paranoia push from the top , for attributing any internal failures to the ruskies . 
  i do n't agree with this `` final utility '' view . 
  his idea is still there to be adopted , even without him , if the current implementors see that the situation keeps getting worse . 
  so then , he will be proven correct . 
  a truth of an idea is n't determined by the manners of its recipient . 
  yes , he was a terrible negotiator . 
  does n't prove that his counterparts ' program is going to get it right , even if the greek government cooperates fully . 
  thing is , the way varoufakis handled a negotiation does n't reject his opinion . 
  the negotiation result was determined by the immovability of the others on the rightness of their plan and whether they are right or wrong , is yet to be determined . 
  so far , with populism rising all over europe and the backslash against austeriy as a side effect , it does n't seem to be the case . 
  it makes * the people * uncooperative and civilly disobedient , regardless of whether their government takes a step back . 
  no one man ( or country ) can implement ideas that by definition need many to be implemented . 
  if one disagrees , there 's no chance . 
  the only people i am seeing being against varoufakis , are the pro-austerity opposition . 
  good ol' petty schadenfreude that they got their way and as an added bonus , a left-wing government under coercion to take the heat . 
  what 's wrong about your implication is that all downtrodden people of the world are somehow not fundamentally similar and not on the `` same side '' . 
  eating properly by refusing to be robbed by crooks is preferable to searching for breadcrumbs . 
  how 's that for `` freedom of choice '' ? 
  `` good guys '' does n't mean `` well-off '' , as you imply . 
  a thief is well-off after robbing others , but not good . 
  i would take `` peaceful and prosperous '' at face value , if it did n't fund `` freedom ^ ( tm ) '' movements in other powers ' spheres of influence , while suppressing `` turrorist '' movements in its own . 
  yeah , fuck him being just a typical patriotic member of the military , not taking lightly what is essentially a colonial operation all over his country , right ? 
  let 's smear him without proof , because he does n't bend over to fix our own problems . 
  it 's mass tourism overwhelming a city that 's the problem , not a few tourists here and there . 
  `` independent '' countries ... suuuure , totally not our own satellites . 
  we are the good guys , letting countries decide totally on their people 's will after totally free and calm deliberation . 
  no usaid or euaid funding of the politicians or protests that will favor us , or anything other shady dealings going on . 
  only the russkies do that . 
  continuing down the same path of post-2008 austerity policies ? 
  the hand that throws you breadcrumbs and expected to be thanked for it , after it relieved you of the majority of your wealth est. 
  start of great recession 2008 . 
  sleight of hand passing as economic `` science '' . 
  the french electorate that did n't want anything to do with macron , merely * letting * him get elected through their abstenance or as a lesser evil against full-blown mussolini lepen , after a corporate-owned media campaign of fear and smear against all other candidates ( primarily evil socialist melanchon ) , and astroturfed enthusiasm ? 
  sure , they must be insane they display their dislike for yet another establishment golden boy that was fed down their throats . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's conservatism with misleading marketing, 
  if you are the establishment , there 's astroturfed enthusiasm , which your fuckton of money can buy you , since your 1 vote as a person does n't suffice to get your undemocratic way . 
  and then there 's actual enthusiasm , of the `` plebs '' , with no media to own and steer the public opinion , or politicians in their pockets ( also aiming for a cushy ceo position after they retire from politics ) . 
  guess which type of enthusiasm the one for macron was . 
   a lot of the current european and more generally international economic status-quo members , beneficiaries or bootlickers , nationality being completely irrelevant . 
  ftfy . 
   `` my client insists it was n't just the usual periodic capitalist crisis that is fixable just by waiting it out , he had to upend the whole economic order of his client '' ftfy , in an alternative reality where we trial economists as we do doctors for malpractice . 
  unfortunately in this one , we not only do n't trial them , we still claim they are wise and give them university lecture time , post-politics ceo positions , or reelection . 
  sure , and that justifies internet warring in a fucking postage stamp thread ... how ? 
  trump has to do with this , as the most glaring and recent example of right wing imperialism from our `` own '' side . 
  anyway , i just asked to keep / r/europe free of propaganda overload bullshit infecting every discussion . 
  is this somehow an evil demand , not to be respected ? 
  you had no argument in the first place : you just approved automatically of our dear leaders and called for them to steamroll this regardless of the `` moron '' will . 
  so no right to demand one either . 
  if trump and co. is any blatant example , definitely no . 
  and let 's not get to the more nuanced examples of our own continent . 
  shitheadedness is n't copyrighted by a single nation or union . 
  i do n't care about picking a fight with overly emotional leftists , i care that the law dictates we save everyone regardless of age . 
  if the law naturally takes the side of those overly emotional leftists as a side effect , maybe you should stomach it and move on . 
  last time i checked , helping people with no profit in it for you , is n't human trafficking . 
  why , are we supposed to rescue only children ? 
  as any aid group with a conscience should do , when they see that official states are trying to wrestle control from them , in order to appease the far-right / `` human rights should be temporarily suspended '' / `` drown them all '' agenda rearing its ugly head . 
  international law and treaties suffice , no need for some extralegal `` code of conduct '' . 
  i was n't keen on defending the communists or their inheritor russians . 
  i was just mocking `` our '' bloc 's very own and very present lies about its own invasion and occupation of a foreign country . 
  spare the whataboutism and deflection . 
  alright , stay in your comfy zone of prejudices . 
  they are n't able to provide security for their own people against technologically superior western or other colonists ... and you continue to blame them , instead of the colonists making the free will * choice * to to intervene ? 
  fine mental gymnastics there . 
   valuing security i was n't aware that security was this metaphysical thing , where you just have to * value * / * believe * in it in order to magically defend against a very material and real e.t.c. 
  uh yes , because those places never had a long period of stable , independent , peaceful jolly time , for your data to mean anything . 
  ca n't compare independent countries with ever-interfered-with ones . 
  \\  burgeoning democracy \\  unironically believing us propaganda, 
  ... or they have actually traveled , but attributed the state of those countries to the aftereffects of decades of intervention of outside powers . 
  instead of suddenly going blind and ignoring history , just because . 
  taliban did n't came in power on their own , they came due to serious anti-soviet support from the us . 
  before that , the soviets supported a communist uprising and government . 
  and even before that , both of them were interfering in the affairs of the kingdom . 
  afghanistan was never `` clean '' , in order to blame its state of affairs solely as their own failure . 
  so ... you show us a banner of a few protesters also supporting russia/putin , and project that to every single part of the anticolonial movement as being guilty of being guided by russia , in an effort to delegitimize it ? 
  yes , it is indeed in the interest of other colonial powers for their competitors to lose their influence , they will naturally support those movements . 
  no , it does n't mean that decolonilization and independence is n't objectively the right thing for the colonized countries , and should n't take place . 
  it 's in their own freedom to ally with whomever they want . 
  if after every withdrawal of foreign power from their territories , they still decide to ally with the russkies , so be it . 
  learn to lose at the game and move on .
