  do you have anything original and not boring ? 
  a bankrupt economy never prevents the nice big red button from being pressed . 
  and this time , the russians are fully aware about the reagan bluff of the strategic defense initiative . 
  stances do n't really matter . 
  they are just empty promises for the associated parties to get to the government . 
  once there they throw out every promise . 
  * but hey , it is certainly more attractive to the human subconscious to live in the fairyland of the illusion of free choice and application of slimy soft power , than in the fairyland where they state upfront that you have no free choice at all and application of hard power . 
  the banks and the obsessive-compulsive hoarders of wealth are demonstrably a much greater threat than the once again convenient external russian enemy . 
  yeah , instead of democratic and republican , we have left and right . 
  such progress . 
  as if brussels cares about anything more than expanding the glorious yurop/nato empire . 
  they are blind when it suits them . 
  the triad ` country , god , family ' is present in many nationalistic movements across the world , not just eastern orthodox christian ones . 
  here it will be broadcasted on the midnight of monday , in a paid tv channel . 
  no money = no subscription . 
  now if only we had a [ world taxation system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_taxation_system ) to suit the globalized economy , there would be no need to constantly depend on case-per-case deals ... 
   will just move to switzerland or liechtenstein here you can see a prime example of a swiss entity cooperating , so i do n't see where the obstacle is . 
  success breeds jealousy . 
  how about no . 
  how about this ? 
  http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ generally the prevention of yet another catastrophic worldwide nationalistic conflict . 
  it 's good then that we are able to think in the present and not do what past europeans did . 
  when you use phrases like `` anecdotal evidence '' , you imply that the media 's perception and your own derivative perception is on the same status as a scientific study . 
  which is simply wrong . 
  a news piece researched and written in a day does not equal a scientific study which takes years to complete and be scrutinized by peers . 
  i am not particularly fond of celebrating before the end of facts , if the us-ussr space race has anything to teach us . 
  be humble . 
  because the media 's profitable narrative is totally equal with a peer-reviewed scientific study ... 
  governments do fall all the time before the end of their term . 
  if pis gets even more arrogant and pushy , they will have a shitstorm in their hands from their very own voters . 
  i see that we are getting americanized even in this respect . 
  bounty hunters * when * ? 
  yeah , because we have * sooo * much political and economic capital to rehire civil servants , after the ` muh lazy civil servants ' rhetoric of the past years . 
  yes , and that changes the underlying problem of unencrypted feeds , how ? ... 
  in one case it 's israel that needs to bolster encryption , in the other it 's russia . 
  they learn and adapt . 
  itt : people who think that before the muslims , trade schools were the definition of ` classy ' . 
  just yet another failure of proper encryption . 
  maybe the journalist should consider writing the article first before writing the title . 
  then if they apply equally , why did you respond with ` no ' at the third statement , right at the beginning ? 
  try to reason better next time . 
  i spoke about violence on my first comment , not hate speech . 
  read better . 
  yes , yes and yes . 
  justice in a secular country does n't discriminate between muslim , right-wing , left-wing or jewish violence , it arrests and sentences everyone equally . 
  so what they expect from the german government to do ? 
  arrest and sentence the attackers , as any other criminal ? 
  there is no point in separating violence against jews from the rest of violence happening every day in a country . 
  so that means 75-80 % is ok . 
  the real problem is target fixation . 
  people think that 15 % -20 % is more important to consider than 75 % -80 % . 
  it 's a radical/conspiracy mindset . 
  we know that from election results , which have the final say of whose opinion is the majority one . 
  `` many '' is a weasel word . 
  it does n't indicate anything conclusive . 
  ~ ~ karma ~ ~ artificial dopamine stimulation from the internet is a hard drug to quit . 
  good attempt at trolling , hide better next time or grow up . 
  no , we are talking about now . 
  i referred to the dictatorship only as a wish to not repeat the same mistake now . 
  in the reality of the analogy , the state is greece , it 's government is the greek government and the federal government is the eurozone authorities . 
  people have protested and do protest against the measures . 
  they do not wish to escalate to armed rebellion . 
  i did n't blame anyone from the other side of the planet . 
  i just tried to use the us federal model to make the situation more understandable , since i saw that you have a us flag as flair . 
  people have also a wish to not kill their brother or neighbor . 
  i mean that everything is payable as long as there is trust to the state . 
  you did n't respond to my point that there is more than monetary issues to consider . 
  i did n't want to debate this in depth , just to respond to a guy who was somehow offended by the apparent truth of the shitshow being the fault of us and eu only , not russia . 
  that 's a fallacy , you just changed the scope from the state to the individual . 
  the point is if billions of people inside and outside still trust the state , not just me or you . 
  with no faith in the state issuing the money , it has no value . 
  therefore it can not pay taxes or extinguish debts . 
  a site run by a eurosceptic neoliberal politician ? 
  * totally * a trustworthy and impartial source to respond to antineoliberal criticism . 
  for starters , we have lost a sizeable portion of our human resources due to outgoing immigration . 
  this is n't reflected anywhere on a page that justs presents data as it suits the worldview of the author . 
  it 's a bit hard when the government has essentially no power , only doing the bidding of external countries/foreign creditors . 
  it 's like asking why the citizens of a financially unstable us state do not have power over their government : the control is overtaken by the federal government . 
  of course money does n't grow on trees . 
  money grows in the american fed and european ect interest rates . 
  / s :p but seriously , there is n't a teleological explanation for fiat money . 
  they have value if you believe they have value , end of case . 
  lol , ` fate ' . 
  it appears you have forgotten how stubborn we are in the west . 
  subsidizing from the traditional oil industry , and alternative sources of energy ( nuclear , wind , solar ) . 
  let 's see who breaks first , us or the ` pumpers-and-dumpers ' ? 
  bring it on !, 
  regardless if this is real or fake , it 's sad to see history repeat once more , as a farce . 
  we have n't learned anything . 
  instead of the third red scare , we have the third russian scare . 
  maybe they will detect russian influence in greece next . 
  you know , because it was * totally * russia that drained us dry all these years , not the european commision and the european central bank , under advice of its neoliberal lackeys . 
  it * must * be the fault of a months-old leftist government . 
  hoping for the best , that we will not end up [ just like the last time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374 ) this hysteria took over . 
  i just hope you do n't overdo it and we end up with a 7-year military dictatorship . 
  you know , just like the [ last time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374 ) . 
  it also helps those beautiful merchants who charge $ 1000 for a lifejacket full of holes , with the tolerance of the turkish government . 
  us fucking up in the me does n't make it ok to have an alliance with an authoritarian kgb asshole , just for the sake of counteracting . 
  let him fix his country first and establish a proper democracy instead of attacking everyone , then we can talk . 
  do n't forget that we belong in the liberal democracy club , first and foremost .
