  edit : fixed typos, 
  he is also campaigning for removing a statue of rhodes , so it has that going for him as response to the hypocrisy accusations . 
  and while i do agree that not removing the entire scholarship is hypocritical , it 's a nice start . 
  we should n't enable rich assholes to cleanse their name with scholarships post-mortem , especially with money they forcefully obtained . 
  i believe that you fully understand that generalizing 600,000 + immigrants as backward , third world and immoral , just because of the actions of 10 religious extremist terrorists , is nothing but pure racism . 
  i am pretty sure that neither you nor i can predict the future . 
  but settlement building and palestinian displacement has been an open policy of the israeli government for decades . 
  so it can not be ruled out that this influx of 8,000 migrants will not have as a side effect a new application of this policy . 
  there is a clear precedent . 
   whatever fits your agenda , right ? 
  oh no , you got me , i am commenting on 100 + unrelated subreddits as a paid greek shill of palestine . 
  totally not possible that i have my own opinion . 
  / s kindly go back to / r/conspiratard . 
  a person has no obligation to devote himself equally to all national liberation causes in existence , just so you can judge him as ` impartial ' . 
  shitty mass media are feeding the terror . 
  it 's not ` natural ' or ` biological ' . 
  in / r/ohran 's story , there was no need to interview that lady , then broadcast that image of fear all over . 
  as there is no need to broadcast live footage , photographs of the attack sites or cctv footage to viewers . 
  it is n't informative , it 's pure gore entertainment . 
  a private architect designing something on his own is n't newsworthy . 
  this is n't a government commissioned design . 
  but hey , how is mirror supposed to get pageviews , if not with a clickbaity title ? 
  great , another round of israeli-palestinian drama incoming . 
  these 8,000 people need to get affordable housing . 
  guess from who the israeli government is going to take it . 
  there are 1000 different places to go on earth that are safe , apart from france . 
  why is there a need for that nationalistic aliyah policy to be promoted by the israeli government ? 
  sitting outside , enjoying the sun . 
  communicating only praise and not your concerns and is a sure-fire way for any organization to fail . 
  instincts instead of logic can get you killed . 
  it is a tradition here too , and not only between the elite . 
  mostly older people from villages . 
  my godfather greets every man he meets with a kiss full of saliva on both cheeks . 
   he comes from a village . 
  my father disliked it when he was in the receiving end , always . 
  he grew up in the city . 
  traditions like this are getting lost with urbanization : people are being made aware of them , insecure , and try to hide them . 
  i personally do n't like this change , it 's beautiful for people to stay unique , just not to the point that it seriously hinders communication . 
  maybe you should start thinking for your own , instead of just trying to play democracy by only mimicking what the good boy countries do . 
  you are not in the 20th century . 
  wake the fuck up , stop roleplaying your cold war dad/victim of commie conspiracies and accept some responsibility for what is happening . 
  money suitcases with no real control of who their recipient was . 
  ca n't help but giggle at the anxiety that the narrator projects about the established order losing their iron grip . 
  ` democratic ' cosmopolitan businessmen love their military and political stability at every cost , even if it means fucking entire local societies royally up the ass . 
  the `` evil communist empire '' stopped existing in 1990 . 
  welcome to 2015 , time traveler . 
  while you were away , only one superpower had the chance to play solo on this world for 25 years . 
  in his vidya mind , there exists a world of democratic rich goodies vs authoritarian poor baddies , not a world set in the model of a dysfunctional family of pretentious mobsters , claiming that they are helping you while they rip your society and economy apart . 
  i honestly can not fucking fathom why russians have n't lost their minds yet and dropped the nukes on every well-dressed scammer who plays `` civilized '' only when it suits him/her . 
  of course , so the rational peaceful solution is to invade it . 
  that should fix it . 
  let 's not pretend that every country worldwide does n't have its own clowns , who stay or come to power just because they are edgy , with the right surname , or members of the same elitist frat back in uni . 
   fist round uncle freud says hello . 
  irresponsible hearsay effects economic psychology all the time . 
  i view it as a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  thank you . 
  not to mention , having to rescue the refugees and economic immigrants they throw at our side , after they rip them off some thousand euros for life jackets , inflatable boats and protection fees . 
  then posting doctored montaged footage of our coast guard allegedly attempting to drown them , so they appear holier-than-thou . 
  a well-oiled propaganda and exploitation machine . 
  * that 's what you get for getting easily panicked about refugees . 
  fuck this `` wise '' subreddit . 
  paok fan in athens here , trying to preach the gospel , can confirm . 
  the best way to turn a country into a failed state , is to bash it at every turn as being a failed state . 
  male prostitution in greece is a societal taboo and banned by law . 
  it 's difficult for any researcher to find candidates for his sample . 
  that 's why the '' * seeming * to aspire '' . 
  nice welfare for the power-center states , fully-blown neoliberalism for the periphery . 
  just like the us does through its world politics . 
  yes , but subsidizing a country is not the same with subsidizing a corporation . 
  a corporation can be liquidated , its assets sold , its employees transferred to other parts of the economy . 
  you can not do this to a country , unless your end-game is to destroy it and annex it , not help it . 
  it 's also tied to ez , seeming to aspire to be the best free market and smallest welfare state since the us . 
  more like , capitalism is ok , but not the edgy , one-sided kind that subsidizes bank failures . 
  using the personal life to score political points , is pretty low . 
  as in , should i panic for the direction uk is heading , because prince charles decided to cosplay in a brownshirt uniform , a few years back ? 
  yes , you should not scapegoat the government , but the opposite seems to be politically correct ( the norm ) for years now . 
  tough on the weak lower and middle classes , easy on the powerful upper class and politicians . 
  double standards . 
  democracy also means to recognize when the balance of power starts to tilt dangerously to one side , and attempt to correct before it is too late . 
  still , the info ended up exposing lots of corruption and tax evasion . 
  the leak is more important than the person . 
  just because he asked money for it , does n't make the information he obtained any less worthy . 
  he is a whistleblower , just a paid one . 
  hello everyone , as usual , i am here 24/7 to take the blame for not pulling myself from my bootstraps and ending being poor . 
  edit : / r/worldnews flair : `` not a whistleblower '' . 
  typical us bias , play tough on the weak , be a dog to the strong . 
  stay edgy . 
  it 's always mindful to point out the bias of a source : washington post is owned by billionaire jeff bezos , aptly named ` world 's worst boss ' . 
  i am going to go with # 2 , if the last 7 years of experience have a say . 
  if only you could direct your conclusion to a rational path to a solution , instead of a religious kind of punishment , that would be nice a start . 
  let me put that in * my perspective . 
  with the austerity measures , the greek banks and the wealthier parts of society had a protected status . 
  the rest of the population had to carry their burden . 
  this is a very important distinction to make : people that have a vested interest on keeping the banks solvent ( banks , oligarchs , people that are sustained by them ) , try to frame the debate as ` bailout for greece ' , instead of ` bailout for greek banks ' . 
  akin to a hostage taker threatening to kill its victim , unless he gets what he wants . 
  this kind of thinking is what maintains an ill societal structure : unproductive people get all the benefits , while hard working people get nothing . 
  edit : changed `` correct perspective '' to `` different '' , close-mindness is n't good . 
  to be fair , if this was a [ v/stol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v/stol ) aircraft ( like a harrier jump jet ) , it could be totally serious news . 
  not really , just dogmatic people that take religion to the extremes . 
  familiar example : us christian right .
