  - `` hey guys , we know that you threw all that billion to build stadiums and shit , care to ditch everything and come to our own party ? '', 
  - russia : * [ anschluss stare ] * this polandball comic writes itself . 
  and by `` cleaning '' , they mean the biggest cigarette butt hunt the world has ever seen !, 
  murphy 's irish stout , tap , half pint glass . 
  we use a voters registry to verify the total here . 
  every person that goes to vote is crossed off from the registry before entering the voting booth . 
  it is verified by his id . 
  putin 's `` democracy '' : ban your opponents when they form a coalition and threaten to remove your power . 
  thankfully we have the local stormfront chapter here in our subreddit to save us . 
  if your population keeps aging , retirement funds draining out , healthcare costs skyrocketing , how do you expect the economy to be fixed ? 
  yeah , that north korea thingy was fucked up ... in the future , please dip your tongue in your brain before you speak . 
  i am pretty sure that if you pull out the itinerary of visits of foreign heads of state to russia since the start of the embargo , you are in for a surprise . 
  considering that the erdogan regime jails everyone for ridiculous or made up reasons , i would say it is pretty much legit . 
  reality does n't change just because you have a desire to appease the sultan so he can close the refugee flood gates . 
   before you openly admit what you really are ftfy . 
  still got political persecution , a nice [ dictatorship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374 ) to go with it and labor camps , though . 
  we are a notch up * from the us in regards to how good we treat the weak ( welfare ) . 
  but since the end of the big scary communist bogeyman and its associated left-wing terrorism , the upper classes in charge are trying really hard to turn us into us # 2 . 
  what is held by those at the top ( political , intellectual , clerical ) does n't really align with what is held by the people . 
  reminds me of my dorm room at uni as well as the nearby hospital , only a notch down more decrepit . 
  hopefully they do n't have cockroaches coming out of the shower drain . 
  imho only journalists and cartoonists have reason to worry about this . 
  physical safety against terror attacks is a bigger concern to the common tourist . 
  last time i checked , civil disobedience against the law was reserved for civil rights , not corporate interests . 
  the world ` options ' implies so . 
  of course it 's good to have options , but uprooting yourself from your land and family to the other corner of the continent is neither pleasant or easy . 
  moving willingly vs moving forcefully because poverty . 
  there is nothing ` noble ' about it at all . 
  only people sheltered in their cosmopolitan bubble think so . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  tories : european conservatives and reformists . 
  current college of the eu ( juncker ) commision : [ 50 % dominated by epp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juncker_commission#college ) . 
  these parties have very similar ideology . 
  using a word reserved for slaves is a valid use of that word when someone wants to communicate that he is fed up with being a slave , imho . 
  journalists are really scrapping the bottom of the barrel here . 
  `` hold the patient down and muff his screams while i amputate without anesthetic '' . 
  the eu commision is actually in the same political group as the tories . 
  they will bitch a little to keep up the theater of protector of the people and cull the public outrage , then let it slide away from publicity 's eye and also work in the background to expand it to the countries in the rest of the union . 
  your mom-and-pop business is not in the same category of shit-stirring with the big five . 
  this law is for the latter . 
  except it is the good of arts and media trade organizations representing mostly big arts and media companies . 
  not the greater . 
  mussolini and hitler was big businesses ' favorite regressive boy against the anarchists and commies . 
  add `` fond of telling other countries how they should run themselves instead of dealing with their own problems '' and you are good to go . 
  it is actually projection , mostly people insecure about their own laziness fit the profile of calling others lazy constantly . 
  nice psycho projection , you saw the flag and told yourself to grab the chance at banter . 
  go preach to the rest of europe relatively not under a severe crisis your beliefs about how welfare should be . 
  do n't forget to utter such hit phrases like `` leechers '' and `` bootstraps '' , they will surely love them . 
  if i wanted a country where control of federal agencies protecting the common folk and the legislative is practically taken over by corporations , big money dictates the only two options to be voted by the plebeians , everyone speaks one common language , operates in a single market and welfare is abysmal ... 
  i would move to the us . 
  imho the whole point of europe ( at least before the centre-right neocons hijacked it completely through the ect ) is not to clone this model . 
  anti-russian buffer zone . 
  russia will always be a threat to the us because it is a gigantic country with practically limitless resources , guaranteeing economies of scale if exploited efficiently . 
  the post-1990 collapse only put it in dormancy . 
  they will never stop antagonizing each other ; just alternate phases of tension and dormancy in the conflict . 
  * eu integration is an attempt from us ( the western bloc ) to form a similar superstate where economies of scale can thrive , thus reducing the cost of being a superpower for the us . 
  they should send him the award by mail ( and of course he should scan it once received ) . 
  no way he can trust the maniac war hawks after he revealed their dirt . 
  * how much does a chancellor make ? 
  i , too , play call of duty . 
  in reality the winning side only writes the history textbooks . 
  they can not control non-mainstream narratives taught at home or in political organizations . 
  maybe fix your economic consensus mess instead of trying to scare the plebs into submission by the threat of `` dem terrorists '' and classic external enemy tactics . 
  some people consider both equally shitty . 
  the media are only so powerful as the money their readers give to them . 
  i do n't think anyone else other than non-economists and tabloids do the `` pull from bootstraps/piigs/moochers '' routine . 
  a lot . 
  i mostly blame people trying to whitewash or revise our own cold war dirt or basic geopolitical facts . 
  that intentional loss of memory should n't fly , as it should n't fly anywhere in the world . 
  or you simply finance it , the good old soft power way . 
  if it is one thing our dysfunctional family excels at , is using money and pr instead of weapons , to maintain the illusion of rosiness and free will . 
  smile for the camera and pretend that `` a whore can not be raped '' , to quote a cia agent when our country was put on ice in 1967 . 
  anyway , that was a valiant gigantic effort at building a strawman just to discredit me in an idiotically ridiculous way , when the ties of rfe/rl to intelligence services are open on wikipedia for anyone to see and shoot down your strawman in seconds . 
  they are no better or more honorable than their shitty alter-ego on the eastern bloc . 
  problems only having to do with not using enough coercion on weak members , or paranoia against left-wing governments or coalitions , or covering up totally any opposing view on conflicts that involves us . 
  it is , and it is back in action , with the same level of paranoia as their eastern counterpart . 
  if it was n't clear cut to anyone that eu is a us puppet project and not at all autonomous and kumbaya rosy , by this point in time it should be clear as day . 
  cover for what ? 
  that 's because the program is n't really supposed to fix us , it 's supposed to train good wage slaves that then will immigrate and union bust abroad . 
  yes , you can hire an assassin and do it dirty , rallying the people behind the next pm ... or you can character assassinate the pm and then provocate the people to overthrow him , thus maintaining the appearance of legitimacy . 
  some quick history lessons for you and a little bit of background about how those sociopaths at intelligence services operate : * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/active_measures * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1954_guatemalan_coup_d'%c3%a9tat  ...  to overthrow the government of iceland ? 
  maybe you should take a deep breath and reread my comment . 
  nowhere did i make the ridiculous strawman statement of yours that they might have made all this just to get at the icelandic pm . 
  he probably is just one of their targets . 
  and neither should he , imho . 
  leaking from sources whose trustworthiness or motives are yet to be established is not a reason to resign . 
  no matter the typical ultra-radical fantasies of reddit . 
  the leaks smell like one-sided attempted regime change from 1000 miles away , at least to whoever is not intentionally naive . 
  the real or the reddit meme one ? 
  why do you hate honesty ? 
  the `` freedom and freeness '' legitimization died the moment you tried to force it . 
  https://twitter.com/ploechinger/status/716763595820941312 this is s\u00fcddeutsche 's chief editor 's response to a comment questioning the lack of western politicians or celebrities . 
  translates as : `` brace for more '' . 
  only when actual plumbing is not involved . 
  of course not , your learn these things from the firm 's partners . 
  if my stance is `` confused '' , do i select `` other '' or `` none '' ? 
  some minor branches of christianity use the ot , e.g. 
  the parts about not eating specific types of food . 
  do they use fresh fish ? 
  i was under the impression that it was frozen , as it makes logistical sense all across the fast food industry .
