  this awakened the aforementioned bad imprint . 
  what do you find strange ? 
  we protect these people , but we ca n't play the role of immigrant prison , with no other countries refusing to relieve some of the pressure . 
  we do not ask for deportation , we ask for help to provide for these people . 
  if you want this in the terms of this analogy , we have 10.000 people , the inner countries can provide for 10.000 , and we can provide for 1.000 . 
  we just ask for help for the remaining 9.000 . 
  being edgy is thinking that the world is going to a second cold war . 
  this is n't fifth column , this is taking the bite out of the mouth of white rights shitheads and meme-level college liberals , by making progress towards being moderate . 
  self-deprecating sarcasm , the best kind of sarcasm . 
  except the table they are already in is the 10 one , and they try to move to one that can feed 10000 . 
  no , just people demonstrating malicious intent by impersonation . 
  the trustworthy mainstream media lied once again ? 
  i am shocked . 
  ah yes , greek national media , the same ones that flaunted the image of the neonazis as good-mannered people helping the elderly . 
  until shit hit the fan and they murdered a political opponent in cold blood . 
  totally trustworthy . 
  you know what else is re-reported by greek media ? 
  hefty bribes amounting to millions from eu companies , a fine/slap on the wrist by their governments and indictment of our own politicians for the scandals . 
  but somehow all the political fault belongs to us and no one ever asked if they are responsible for their own politicians . 
  `` get good if you want to not get tricked '' on one hand , on the other hand they present themselves as our white knight moral saviours . 
  and somehow in all of this , small kiosk owners are ruining the economy . 
  supported how ? 
  do you think that every slimy thing a government and its outer circle of cronies does is exposed right away , so we can vote them out instantly ? 
  especially when the media are controlled by these cronies and we had decentralized , internet-based journalism for only like the past 7 years ? 
  there is a big difference between actually reporting the news , and reporting an inflated version that discredits an entire country and 10m + of a nation with generic populist accusations . 
  $ 22\u0392 over * 2 years * , from 2009-2011 , by * 15,000 people * . 
  not $ 30b of * revenue , not taxes * , * each year * distributed * equally to * every single greek * , regardless of social class , as the yellow press dirt claims . 
  you call an arbitrary sum with no source and no criteria for comparison * not shit * ? 
  you refuse to stop regurgitating the shit that your yellow press serves you . 
  end of story . 
  are we talking about ideal democracies of full transparency that co-exist with spherical cows in a vacuum ? 
  or real modern ones where their governments withhold information all the time ? 
  because if you expect the electorates of the latter to make an informed decision , some bad news are afoot . 
  many farmers actually uprooted their production and built panels instead . 
  the problem is that the market has stagnated . 
  i remember reading an article last week that the supply of electrical power from solar systems is three times the demand . 
  to make things worse , you are not allowed legally to use the power directly . 
  you have to sell it to the electrical company ( or companies since the market is technically free , but practically no one trusts any other company other than the former state monopoly , since a recent embezzlement scandal involving a private one ) . 
  naturally , with the supply being so cheap , the company has reduced its buy price , so in turn the various roi plans were derailed ; it takes one to two decades to pay off the initial cost of a small solar installation , if i remember correctly . 
  and of course , banks rarely give out loans anymore , so even if a customer wished to start a solar panel farm with such a bad roi , he ca n't get the capital for the initial investment . 
  so no customers , no jobs for us in the solar sector . 
  i was taught english and a bit of german . 
  * it 's easy to communicate with , not too many rules to learn . 
  for example , german articles need to be memorized for each and every noun , and quite often have no logical connection to the noun 's gender . 
  ( `` der l\u00f6ffel '' , seriously ? 
  when you look at a spoon do you think a human male or an object ?! ), 
  * not precise . 
  better use german for that . 
  * heavy accent is bad , but on the other hand , people that speak in a council-imposed standard pronunciation are snobs . 
  since i ca n't get a job as an electrical engineer , i started a stint in amateur agriculture . 
  [ from front to back row , lettuce , peppers and tomatoes looking good . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/lzneugh.jpg ) also , on the other side of the garden : zucchinis , cucumbers and eggplants . 
  and water . 
  so much water . 
  i never realized what ungodly amounts of water you need to raise such small quantities . 
  they suck it up like sponges . 
   an attrition exercise by ussr . 
  it is documented that the ussr distanced itself from the greek communists when the latter asked for help . 
  the only help they received was finding refuge in neighbouring communist countries when they lost . 
  not only ussr did n't assist , it was a shiny example of holding its part of the deal and keeping the greek communists in the dark . 
  i prefer a government that knows its limits and does n't play with things not at its weight category . 
  nothing to do with being leftist or being elected first time as leftist , my bad that i included that word . 
  not exactly a law , but very relevant because it shows how groups like these undermine the state : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monopoly_on_violence, 
  you did not get everything straight . 
  you deflected the issue . 
  ah , the good ol' nazi artificial tension plan . 
  not a surprise . 
  no , even if it sounds weird after what we are going through . 
  euro is so much better than what we had to endure under drachma . 
  we are going to fix the shit out of our situation and return to the markets . 
  nah , i think we will do fine with less emperor putin and his useful extreme-left/right idiots within eu . 
   greece the only country where the majority voted against . 
  yeah , that leftist government of ours needs to get their shit together , it 's a fucking shame that they agreed with the fascist golden dawn in this vote . 
   they block 3g , and the phone switches automatically to gsm this depends whether the user has selected automatic switching between 3g/2g or not in the phone settings , no ? 
  this is categorically wrong . 
  the last public opinion survey on 15 may 2015 showed a 69,1 % positive attitude by the greeks for the eu : http://www.naftemporiki.gr/story/952993/dimoskopisi-paramoni-stin-ee-kai-to-euro-thelei-to-691-ton-politon, 
  is is possible to analyse these metadata on their own , to track the person using the phone that emits them ? 
  or is it necessary to obtain a warrant to have access to further data from the phone company , in order to find the person ? 
  if the second possibility is true , i do not see the bad in this situation . 
  the criminals/foreign intelligence agencies can not use this technology effectively without a warrant . 
  if it 's the police or internal intelligence agencies , the issue is on the legality of keeping such warrants secret , and their timing of publication . 
  i am asking for a credible news article , not a person . 
  source ? 
  eu was n't the one that attacked an entire country and annexed part of it , the last time i checked . 
  thank you too , i posted my link after a rushed search , it did n't provide the information you were seeking anyway . 
  your link is correct and much better . 
  ~ ~ www.europarl.europa.eu/sed/doc/votinglist/ ( a8-0162_2015 ) . pdf ~ ~ useless non-informational link , see this instead : http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-state-of-eu-russia-relations-motion-for-resolution-vote-resolution.html, 
  * russian communism ended in 1990 . 
  25 years ago . 
  * russia is an oligarchy , as many western countries in the recent past . 
  * their religion is christianity ( orthodox ) . 
  the east is islamic . 
  * their whole history was hand-in-hand with europe 's until 1918 . 
  monarchs , authoritarianism , the whole deal . 
  you might call them undemocratic , backward , imperialistic or anything else but non-western . 
  the red scare associated arguments expired long ago . 
  an international criminal court trial ? 
   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32925637[1] wait , am i supposed to be convinced that russia acts as a conspiratard from this article ? 
  i read about open calls from us senators to take the cup from russia and blatter being opposed to the cup being used a political tool . 
  this article reaffirms russia 's claim .
