  every country has its own flavor of the illness . 
  well , if you are interested to move away from the edgy and simplistic progress = atheism , i suggest a little max weber reading . 
  every economic system has an underlying religion . 
  edit : apparently , enlightened reddit stem people do not like it when someone points out that their ` independent ' life philosophy has religious roots . 
  no wonder why darwinian neoliberal policies are so popular . 
  corruption is an attribute of the human species . 
  every single one of us feels the need for privacy and comfort to personal matters . 
  you can not remove it nor eradicate it absolutely , unless you want to get paranoid . 
  ussr made that mistake already . 
   that was not good governance and ? 
  what does it matter to anyone if they governed themselves bad , but managed to fix the problem ? 
  that 's your typical unavoidable capitalism crisis , just in a democratic socialist state . 
  a country not in a monetary union , with independent monetary policy , refused to socialize ` too big to fail ' failure , told banks to fuck off and saved themselves from being someone 's puppet . 
  i only see national sovereignty and survival , not nepotism . 
  not really . 
  a lot of countries not in a monetary union , with the freedom of not subsidizing failed banks . 
  the russian government are simply oligarchs that hoard the wealth for themselves . 
  shot dead on based democratic putin 's birthday , as a gift . 
  it 's not about who has the right to speak for an entire country , it 's that no one has the right to do it at all . 
  it 's not much use surviving while you wait for a slow death . 
  they really try to incite hate and break that nato alliance bond , do n't they ? 
  so cute . 
  * if only they were so generous and liberal with their own people , then they would n't have to invent external enemies . 
  because that is the result of a country ( * and a world , if you want to go far ) run by businessmen trying to keep the wealth in the family . 
  they suck dry the rest of the people , then they have to appease them with external enemies , real or made up . 
   yeah , we do . 
  i do n't . 
  you do n't speak for all of us . 
  airspace violations are the bread and butter of the right wing in both countries , to distract attention from the economic problems its own policies cause . 
  they either use it to justify military spending when in government , or to pressure left-wing governments to continue it . 
  case in hand , in the middle of an economic crisis , our biggest expenditure are military imports , and the previous right-wing government did n't tone them down one bit , when it had the chance with things to our east being relatively calm . 
  now it is too late . 
  here is a very damning article from the guardian , a few years back : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/apr/19/greece-military-spending-debt-crisis, 
  always . 
  yes , loaded question . 
  `` do you agree '' takes only a `` yes '' or `` no '' for an answer , with no room for nuance . 
  `` suspended '' does n't mean `` cancelled '' , and `` cancelled '' does n't mean `` we will never consider it in the future '' . 
  being moderate means that your actually do the opposite , not condemn . 
  shitheads do not deserve acknowledge of their existence , only social isolation until they behave and/or a mental health expert for their underlying issues . 
  `` i am bored with your cool-headed well-rounded approach , let me fuck with you by asking a loaded yes/no question '' . 
  you have a big imagination and no experience on compromise , when you assume that the cancellation of a multi-billion project that is win-win for everyone involved , will be affected by an isolated friendly fire incident . 
  political leaders know when to let things like this slide . 
  yeah , they have to play tough at this moment to satisfy the anger of the hotheaded crowd , but when it is forgotten and the anger subsides , you will see them again all chatty and friendly , logic prevailing . 
  stick to whatever grand-strategy video game you are playing now , kid . 
  cut on the fallout 4 mate , it has fried your brain . 
  apocalypse is not going to come anytime soon . 
  you are assuming that an article sourced by ` russian news agency tass ' does n't lie or distort the truth . 
  in this article ? 
  the bias is that the crimean authorities are describing reality with 100 % trustworthiness , so there is no need for proper journalism , trying to verify the claims . 
  in the next article in the chain , having established in your subconscious that you can trust the crimean authorities , you are going to find that their ` objective ' ` investigation ' established ukraine or a friendly to them group as the perpetrator . 
  watch and learn how propaganda is made by the experts . 
  you are ignoring the possibility that these are not ukrainian nationalists , but an act of propaganda from the russian side , to alienate the crimean population . 
  i mean , come on , ` russian news agency tass ' is the source , how gullible can you be ? 
  or : it grew and its subscribers became a mob with no nuance and ability to properly analyse news . 
  supporting simple ideas like ` all immigrants out now ' , ` money out of nothing ' , ` west good , russia bad ' or ` russia good , west bad ' . 
  guess in what direction mass psychology tends to . 
  edit : the source of the ` objective ' news is russian agency tass . 
  have a little nuance for the possibility that this is an act of false-flag propaganda . 
  mods were uptight in this case . 
  to me this was a funny news article , no politics at all . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  only 500 ml ? 
  what is this , amateur hour ? 
  for the dank may mays . 
  they will be fine . 
  as long as they do not allow far-left or far-right leaders to hijack the protests and turn them into an idealistic indefinite total war against the system . 
  a lot of unbelievable things i did n't say , and of course i am not going to respond to . 
  also , too many strong convictions to respond rationally to . 
  when you calm down , feel free to discuss . 
   does social acceptance need to be enforced by governments ? 
  they are not consciously enforcing it , it will be an unintended side effect . 
  making something official gives it further social acceptance . 
  see : us marijuana legalization . 
   and state funding for competitive gaming is fucking stupid . 
  i am pretty sure that recognizing something does n't cost a fortune , no ? 
  and the bill has other more important things into it , read the article . 
  also , social acceptance . 
  that 's a pretty big and intangible goal . 
  fucking finally . 
  edit : i really hope that they plan to localize , the conspiracy demographic does not know english . 
  not even their native language , for that matter . 
  it 's really funny watching them trying to argue against common sense . 
  they would eat insects before admitting to that evil socialist `` poverty is the prime cause of crime '' theory . 
   it 's depressing seeing that idiotic stance used in the ultra-conservative us media , being transferred in europe . 
  relative poverty is a subset of poverty . 
  the two are not separate entities . 
  yes , sweden obviously does n't have the absolute type of poverty that third-world countries have . 
  but it does n't have 0.000 % poverty either . 
  looks like hungary is in need of some ` convincing ' , like the one we got a few months ago . 
  what a level-headed and cool , rational analysis . 
  true terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the city ? 
  the rights to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness are also modern ( enlightenment ) concepts . 
  it 's funny how acronyms are words in other languages . 
  sopa/pipa can be translated like `` shut up/blowjob time '' in greek . 
  the dumbest fucking shit i 've heard today is thinking that a party can hold any actual power if it stays outside of parliament . 
  and the second dumbest fucking shit i am probably going to hear today , is thinking that a party can hold any actual power even if it gets in parliament , if no other party refuses to cooperate with them in a government coalition ( informal isolation ) . 
  seriously people , tell your doctor to prescribe you a xanax or whatever else they are giving these days for panic attacks , your shit is getting ridiculous . 
  itt : criminal gets formal justice handed to him , but bigots still complain and reject it so easily , as if never happened . 
  cosplay is serious business . 
  nice whataboutism .
