  except many women can wear a burqua if they choose to do so . 
  no one coerces them . 
  it 's not a logical explanation , it 's an ultraconservative rationalization explanation . 
  those laws were made by very specific agendas , people , party support and panic spread by their owned media . 
  in many countries they were n't even a thing before the past decade . 
  quality affordable for the majority or quality affordable only for the businessmen that this site caters to ? 
  except when you feel that you have to proclaim in a public forum that you have been saying a thing for years , as if your opinion has any more weight than the rest of the average joes ' here . 
  then you come off as conceited . 
  you can not deport without processing and establishment of non-refugee status . 
  pesky western human rights , amirite ? 
  boogeyman putin is going to eat your children if you do not fall in line . 
   i 've been saying it for years . 
  and who are you , mr. self-proclaimed authority ? 
  how to gain the moral upper hand in the eyes of the electorate : handle mocking from stereotypical rich cunts with dignity . 
  if you mean that they are refusing or are unable to hold refugees because they are even more economically in despair that us greeks , that is called reality , not balls . 
  but i wish they would do it in a way that does n't send all the refugees back to us . 
  here they are ( or were , before anticorruption ) an excellent way to network . 
  and by `` network '' i mean `` minister , please hire my daughter/son as a permanent public employee , * she/he plastered the walls of the city with at least 1000 election campaign posters '' . 
  you do understand that you have these in the us too , right ? 
  they are n't an exclusive characteristic of a north korean dystopia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_democrats_of_america https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_republicans, 
  we also voted our gay unions bill without it having adoption rights . 
  maybe the political capital is n't yet enough to go full radical ? 
  most leftists in europe make distinctions between the moderate right and the totalitarian far-right . 
  we are not yet in the completely batshit insane identity politics/third-wave feminism revival phase . 
  is it moral to ruin our country because you have too much of an ego to share the burden ? 
  losing any moral advantage we have towards ` evil ' totalitarian regimes , one step at a time . 
  you do n't need to be born at those times to have the same mentality . 
  just look at our own golden dawn idiots . 
  but you do advocate to deny those people a better life , just like their shitty same-religion `` brothers '' . 
  or maybe left wingers are protesting already for people being held in shelters and camps like cattle , and your argument and every other cheeky right winger 's here is a strawman . 
  maybe you are conditioned from years of ussr spanking to short-sell yourself to your new masters . 
  i am not . 
  common people are not paranoid activists , checking every single thing they download or using a computer for its own sake . 
  they want to use their computer to do a task ( office work , communications , games ) and be done with it . 
  an antivirus or related programs are a practical way to make a compromise between usability and security . 
  because i am not a nationalist idiot , playing right into putin 's hands . 
  false dilemma much ? 
  you can both lobby for immigrant policy change and stand up to russia perfectly fine . 
  just citizens exercising their ` freedom of speech ' . 
  i am the authority in a democracy . 
  the citizen . 
  i am not just ' a dude on the internet ' . 
  it 's an arms race between the antivirus companies ' researchers and the malware authors . 
  there is no malicious behavior from the researchers to justify calling it `` snake oil '' . 
  the reaction is political pressure towards the authorities to act according to the pressure . 
  without reaction , or a counter-reaction that supports the lax treatment , the authorities do not have the political capital to proceed with the application of the law . 
  you see this pattern all over history . 
  things that the government should have done for the national interest failed because the people did n't support it . 
  compare the unpopular vietnam war vs the popular past-9 / 11 military interventions . 
  if you treat foreign spies lax , it sends a message to the wannabe-spies that spying is beneficial and the consequences if caught are worth it . 
  any ( non-conspiratard ) sources about all these ? 
  it sure tells a lot about how secular and western this sub has become . 
  a honest person votes a government to do it for him so he does n't get his hands dirty . 
  it 's pretty long actually , we just have shitty managers and productivity . 
  are we putting the band back together ? 
  just patience and understand that it will probably never happen within our lifetime . 
  stop bullying germany-senpai ; _ ;, 
   tass because i like taking my anti-eu propaganda right from the source . 
  i am pretty sure that russia would level 10 blocks more . 
  so no . 
  we were just amateurs in hiding our cheating , internalizing the anti-corruption german bullshit too much . 
  it was a us institution that helped us cover our cheating in the first place . 
  morality and anti-corruption my ass . 
  everyone accuses each other while everyone sits on a pile of bullshit . 
  free market , superior even in corruption . 
  stop playing in the amateurs ' league , russia . 
  and each country has jurisdiction within their territory . 
  it 's no business of russia what a us citizen does in the us , and it 's no business of the us what a russian citizen does in russia . 
  unless each one obtains a cooperation deal . 
  speculating assassination is taking a side to the story with no appropriate knowledge . 
  why would the fbi ( a domestic us service ) be involved in internal russian federation matters ? 
  the only thing needed now and ever was for everyone to calm down and stop interfering openly with the organic rebuilding of the trust towards our market . 
  it 's like continuously slicing a wound trying to heal itself . 
  no one . 
  i have the mentality of a tree with roots , you have to drag me out of the house . 
  your quote has no mention of neighboring countries , as per your interpretation . 
  this is bait . 
  the biggest obstacle is that our formal it guys are 9 kilometers away , overworked having to tend to hundreds of old workstations with zero budget . 
  i find that being close and showing my coworkers a thing or two to do their jobs more efficiently is actually easy . 
  it just takes time , patience and reassurance to calm their panic down towards the ` new ' . 
  a better example would be [ oppenheimer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j._robert_oppenheimer ) . 
  he was persecuted relentlessly for his political position of sharing nuclear secrets . 
  i personally liked the change and wished for it to be transferred as an option in libre , since it seems that ms ca n't claim patent rights anymore . 
  for non-advanced users ( who click their way through everything instead of shortcuting it ) it indeed makes a difference . 
  plus it 's not ms exclusive ( thus ` morally bad ' according to the foss culture ) , it is a very old ui concept . 
  i disagree about the government part , especially in the municipality level ( personal experience ) . 
  usually the employees do rote work there , like entering data on spreadsheets , and do n't have advanced knowledge of them . 
  they would n't notice a difference if you switched their excel for open or libreoffice calc . 
  the biggest obstacle would be overcoming their panic once they saw the ribbon missing . 
  cold war ii : battle of the vendor lock-in . 
  to the rest of us , it has become pretty apparent that we will never live in peace while you two psychopaths are running the show . 
  press the button and become glass already . 
  the bribes that our top brass took did n't manifest from thin air , they came from european and american companies . 
  it 's funny still seeing people like you trying to play the absolute christian guilt card . 
  the cat 's out of the bag , so spare me the sunday sermon . 
  i would rather give you a fuckload of immigrants and refugees and watch you squirm . 
  keep your god damn money . 
  i might be young and bankrupt , but at least i am not yet an idiot willing to die for those who ripped me off . 
  joke got old .
