  ... as if the actual problem is the way things are phrased , and not the master-slave relation or the race to the bottom for the middle and lower classes , going international and being supported by both . 
  there are textile factories left , just not consumers willing to pay the price for not every worker becoming a developing world one . 
  true help would n't be considered neocolonialism or neo-imperialism . 
  it 's false help branded as ` true help ' , which is considered that way . 
  `` you gave a hungry refugee exposed to the elements , food , shelter and medical help , therefore you are literally either the smuggler or his dictatorial government who left her/him without food , shelter or medical help . '', 
  -- alt-right, 
  yes , having to live a life amongst the ruins , after all around you die a horrible , nuclear death . 
  unlike today , the situation in 1945 was that an ally had just helped win the fight against a common enemy , and had his army in your country at the moment of liberation . 
  ` federalization ' means a specific type of integration , catering mainly to the interests of the few . 
  same with globalism vs globalization . 
  not really . 
  newspapers are the ones choosing their writers and their editorial stance , which in turn attracts specific demographics of readers . 
  their editorial stance is n't immutable neither representative of a whole nation . 
  the opposite is a union , not a federation . 
  they very idea of a federation , a la us , means that each state will be sovereign when choosing its tax policy . 
  i am not fond of the eu doing a sharp right-wing turn into us # 2 . 
  not really , considering the history of persons writing in our own biggest newspapers . 
  * how many not showing up out of apathy ? 
  * how many are empathetic but still intentionally not voting , because neither candidate suits them ? 
  a former banker and former minister of one of the two biggest establishment parties will go against the super-rich getting even more super rich , the same way an old-money super rich and his entourage of super-rich , will care about the poor on the other side of the atlantic . 
  that is , absolutely not happening unless you are * gullible and believe their propaganda . 
  or worse , you are not gullible , you fully understand that they are lying , yet you choose to be complicit by spreading it and pretending it is true , with a straight face 100 % of the time . 
  judging from your predisposal against workers , i think that your own duty . 
  my fellow countrymen not paying or avoiding the vast majority of taxes tend to be rich out-of-touch elite , not common people . 
  i consider myself european and i will gladly do anything that betters their condition as workers , as they do for me . 
  it 's also up to them to choose any company not having any problem with the new law and being ready to take over butthurt uber 's market share . 
  actually no , you do give them this option , just not how their employer wants to legally fix it to their sole advantage . 
  and their employer is n't a monopoly in the transportation network business , so if ( s ) he is butthurt by playing fairly and wants to leave , godspeed to her/him . 
  the ones lining for uber are primarily doing it because they do n't have any better options . 
  they would n't have to be exploited though , if the law cared to give them the same labour rights as the traditional taxi drivers . 
  wanting to not dismantle the commie-originated european advantages of public healthcare , education , welfare , e.t.c. ? 
  literally stalin , mao and pol pot together !, 
  i am pretty sure that not everybody rushed to become a taxi driver when taxis where originally unregulated . 
  and now , not everybody rushes to become uber drivers . 
  because simply they do n't need it or want it , since they have another job already , one that they need to reach while those invisible taxis are filling the urban space , over planned capacity . 
  on top of that , one which does n't pay or treat them like shit , per secretive company policy and per exploiting labour law loopholes . 
   a taxi can stop in front of the airport or train station and wait clients . 
  a taxi can pick up clients that wave them down in the middle of the street . 
  uber is perfectly able to do the firs one , at least here . 
  and i do n't see why the law should n't be updated to give it that second right . 
  the important thing is to be a fair competition law . 
   taxi drivers are salty because they paid on the black market hundreds of thousands for the taxi medallion . 
  when the state actually the state actually issued those medallions for free . 
  i do n't know about your market , but here medallion transfers are legal and have to go through the state , which originally issued them . 
  if some drivers are doing it that i am not aware of , those should be punished , not every single one that did it properly and by the book . 
  the state issued those medallions for free , but it did n't specify that the transfers have to be free . 
  it cared only about the streets of cities not congesting from the fuckton of taxis driving around , which is exactly the rational policy that uber ( and complete taxi license liberilization ) ends up screwing . 
  enjoy being stuck 2 hours in empty taxi and uber-ridden streets and parking spots , for that `` liberty '' . 
  uber is n't a `` transportation system '' , it 's just an overmarketed and glorified taxi service that uses an app instead of phoning or signaling . 
  and it has tons of same-concept competitors too , some older than its supposedly innovative existence . 
  not to mention that traditional taxi companies are also catching up with their own apps . 
  american independence day , bastille day , generally any holiday celebrating enlightment-driven uprisings against feudal monarchy . 
  i know what uber is alright . 
  their business model is built around being able to offer lower prices because of not being considered the taxis that they truly are , and also aggressively fighting anyone trying to fix the law and have them considered taxis , whether it 's cities or whole countries . 
  wherever any city or area was able to regulate them by the same restrictions as traditional taxis , their main attraction , the price advantage compared to traditional taxis , magically disappears , since the playing ground gets even . 
  the same is true for other transportation network companies . 
  then maybe we should make the provisions for those specific professions , not scrap the entire thing . 
  the haymarket affair of 1886 happened before the establishment of the 2nd . 
  the split of the 1st internationale was a split between communists and anarchists , not communists and social democrats . 
  the latter never really disowned the may 1st as a symbolism , even though they crashed the communists in germany . 
  some countries do have holidays supporting liberalism . 
  and i do n't see why a day celebrating a positive thing for every human being , labour rights , should be attributed as celebrating social democracy . 
  it is a positive thing and an ideal to strive for , whether you live in a democracy or a dictatorship . 
  i do n't see anywhere in my comments a complaint that you do n't pay taxes . 
  i merely observe the belief that you will be able to dodge the consequences of piggying back of others ' illegal labour , forever . 
  not tax-related at all . 
  \\  implying that only greece will ever be susceptible to large-scale crises, 
  and what happens when shit also goes down in your new country ? 
   yeah , strict 8/8/8 workdays are dumb . 
  in greece , where i work , there are simply no provisions for someone working over 40 hours a week , which is a fucking joke . 
   8 hours a day or 40 hours a week should be considered a baseline , not a strict rule . 
  in greece , extra hours after the 40 hours per week are being paid as overtime . 
  i do n't see where the provision does n't exist . 
  maybe you mean `` where the check mechanisms do n't exist to catch employers not paying overtime '' , which is true but not a problem of the law , but lack of will to be implemented . 
   although i should note , social democracy is not the same as communism and social democracy , although i generally disagree with a lot of stuff social democrats want , are n't complete trash . 
  anything of value old timey socialism ( aka communism ) had has already been extracted and implemented into capitalism through social democracy . 
   but that 's again not what i was saying . 
  i am strictly speaking about symbolism . 
  8 hour workdays are policies , not symbolism . 
  my issue with communist symbolism being promoted is that communism is a horrifyingly evil ideology that has killed hundreds of millions of people in a brutal manner . 
  it should not be promoted . 
  bringing up satellites or economic policies is as irrelevant as saying the nazis built nice highways when talking about the holocaust . 
  thing is , when may 1st became a symbolism , `` bad '' communism and `` good '' social democracy where one and the same movement . 
  so i do n't see how it should be banned under the pretext of decommunization , without affecting social democracy . 
  of course , but lets see if you will still have a society to stand on and enjoy all your profits in . 
  that melanchon guy or that le pen gal were close calls . 
  are you also ok with abolishing non-technologic but commie things , like the 8-8-8 workday ? 
  do n't worry friend , uber is n't going to be union-free and legal loophole-exploitative compared to normal taxis , for long . 
  also it 's a 24-hour strike and also just became a permanent holiday . 
  then point of psycho dictator and entourage stands . 
  * having to pay the debts of big sharks and inner ex-big party members owning millions , while my family never took a single loan it did n't repay in full , even in the `` golden ages '' . 
  * taxed more on behalf of rich entrepreneurs so they are more free to `` innovate '' ( in ping-pong table exercise ) . 
  * wages and workers rights slashed . 
  not only in the `` evil , stalinist '' public sector their super rich us-republican-copycat media so love to blame for everything , but also in the private one . 
  * intentionally defunding/slashing/sabotaging public healthcare and education , pushing people to unaffordable private practices and insurance . 
  * intentionally hiking prices of dirt-cheap public utility monopolies , so rich `` job creators '' are able to have good profit margins , after their premeditated `` liberalization '' ( lol @ `` liberty '' ) . 
  * firing every public sector employee but their useless , party-member ones . 
  after all , no regime , `` democratic '' or dictatorial , is able to stand without having shadow control of the state . 
  * confiscating people 's only homes for three-figure debts , so the long-dead banks can remain zombies for a little more . 
  * bailing out private banks with public pension fund money , then complaining that the pension system has become unsustainable .
