  the buck stops at the us , because eu is both an ally and a project backed by the us . 
  can you smell what the rock is cooking , useful idiots ? 
  until we find a way to remove the amygdala and emotional intelligence from everyone on the planet , gestures have value too . 
  the past news i have read indicated that there was plenty of aid given through friendly talks . 
  more countries should join for help , and stricter control applied to separate refugees from opportunist immigrants . 
  send the later back . 
  just simplistically throwing everything to europe wo n't help . 
  being realistic and the way you express your realism makes a lot of difference . 
  a threat tends to make others hostile . 
  maybe that 's what they are aiming for . 
  seriously , was there a need to be antagonistic here ? 
  wtf . 
  if only they scored some points while at the same time not burdening the public or * alliance budget ... 
  why no yurop systems ? 
  they try , it 's just this sub does n't give a fuck , only caring to cosplay nationalism . 
  check the proportion of national-focused news to union ones . 
  putting these countries next to each other without any kind of analysis about culture or their environment is pretty useless . 
  edit : they have china , an enormous industrial country next to them , authoritarian and equally if not more xenophobic , acting as buffer . 
  if you want a better comparison , it 's like having the uk next to a europe overtaken completely by nazi germany or stalinist russia . 
  currently trying . 
  nobody knows why they arrested him exactly . 
  it 's preliminary to call this a tyranny , if they have valid reasons for this that they can not disclose . 
  if you believe the government of a western democracy to be equal with a plantation overseer , maybe you should travel around to different plantations and do a test drive . 
  experience how their plantation overseers treat you , for a change . 
  maybe the point lacked much articulation in the first place . 
  or you are making the same point . 
  the endpoint is that it 's not ok for the dutch government if a dutch goes to the middle east as a mercenary , and i respect that . 
  us , hungary and the netherlands ( to cover all possible points of view ) are all in the [ cjtf -- oir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combined_joint_task_force_%e2%80%93_operation_inherent_resolve ) , so there was no excuse for this guy if he went ahead with his trip , even after he got rejected . 
  absolutely . 
  so if i , as `` the people '' , fully support the government in punishing this gung-ho mercenary operating outside the chain of command , they are free to go ahead . 
  satisfied ? 
  if your idea of war is that of an amusement park , then your government does correct by not letting you in the action . 
   but the kurds are the only ones actually fighting isis on the ground you think that this is true , others do not . 
  everything is subject to propaganda , including this . 
  and their government is free to arrest and charge them once they return , if they believe that iraq for kurds goes against the interests of the netherlands . 
  why complain over it ? 
  chain of command , little dutch mercenary , how does it fucking work ? 
  the article does n't mention details . 
  he could be sporting dutch armed forces insignia/claiming he was there in official capacity of the dutch armed forces , which is a crime . 
  really funny that all the far-right astroturfers usually present in immigration threads , are not here to defend the doings of their spiritual brothers . 
  what 's the matter , cat got your tongue ? 
  germany is just the convenient middle manager to throw the blame at . 
  if things escalate , we are going to experience good ` ol freedom ^ \u00a9 . 
  glorious russia has no need of imperialist language . 
  edit : fucking / s , are you people so thick ? 
  balkans still understand the only way to remain free from the influence of paper shufflers in this world : denial of information means denial of power . 
  yeah , the evil marxist media , so marxist they were full of businessmen welcoming the refugees . 
  stop being in denial and get a reality check , competition drives wages down and shuts unions up , it 's all about the top profit . 
  yeah , merkel and the rest of the rich right-wing establishment are * sooo * marxist , you totally got it . 
  learn to differentiate between hardline and light communists for starters , because the former are anti-immigrant and racist just as much as the far-right . 
  or maybe not , we would n't want your far-right ass getting \\ #triggered by realizing he agrees totally with his arch-nemesis on that matter . 
  maybe other people need a safe space . 
  all that angst seems to indicate that their girlfriends were more satisfied with an immigrant . 
  were n't safe to enjoy from who ? 
  because if the ` who ' is us , not being satisfied that china wo n't give us our cheap goods anymore , then you can see the conflict of interest . 
  business vs democracy , as it always was . 
  totally different mate , we are the world 's chosen ones , this was just ` tough love ' . 
  unfortunately , it does . 
  just not for you . 
  the interests of the syrian people are not the same as yours . 
  if only the neckbeard right-wingers were consistent in this approach , when it comes to ` leftist lying media ' . 
    692 upvotes to alleged dn coverup thread , 0 to this one turns out : nope . 
  well , socialism is shitty in engineering form , but perfectly explains how the bottom , poor , low-skilled class of society hates competition artificially introduced by decisions of the top , rich , highly-skilled classes . 
  but hey , let 's not preach evil marxist stuff to the pacified western underclass of triggers and microaggressions . 
  they might repeat the revolutionary mistakes of the past . 
  how do you like dem ~ ~ apples ~ ~ immigrants ? 
  communism was a very good way . 
  but * nooo * , we had to accommodate the poor , triggered eastern countries . 
  it is the two political anti-eu extremes joining forces to bash the common enemy . 
  nothing to see here . 
  * [ putin hand rubbing intensifies ] *, 
  the european commission is n't germany . 
  tabloids will be tabloids , whether polish , greek or german . 
  stupid inflammatory shit to sell more . 
  hey now , lots of options are available , you do n't have to make china the bottom of the pyramid , you can make us and the rest of eastern europe . 
  people are not good in general , because they are proving themselves again and again to not be good , when trusted to be so . 
  it does n't mean they are bad , i just think they simple ` are ' , being hypocritical in order to take things and survive . 
  i do n't know if it is marxist , but yes , i do believe that . 
  the things we enjoy in this part of the world is the result of people in china and other shitholes having no rights . 
  otherwise we would have to pay 10 times more for the things we enjoy . 
  it 's more like a ponzi scheme/pyramid than a zero-sum game . 
  i consider this incorrect , because i do not believe that bad and good acts can be separated . 
  something i enjoy ( good ) was taken from someone else ( bad ) . 
  i do not think i am ` guilty ' because i believe that the natural state of people is to be shitty and hypocritical . 
  if business is like that , it probably explains why i am poor . 
  i always despised bullshiting to people in order to sell them something . 
  i do n't think a george r.r. 
  martin novel is good moral guidance , but to each his own . 
  i only see a shift of responsibility from the government to bank and military industry ceos . 
  more like a transformation than advancement . 
  it 's not possible to make that type of distinction . 
  the government always has the final say , through budget allocation . 
  if they threaten with cuts , the employees within the organization will start a slurping contest to maintain their jobs . 
  there is no such thing as unbiased source of information . 
  no one is innocent . 
  if you want my take on recent development , the only thing that the internet has achieved is taking away control from editors and big corps , instead giving it to writers with very biased views and bloggers that double at cooking as their second profession . 
  any fuckwit with a keyboard can make news out of his ass . 
  if it 's not writer bias , it 's editor bias . 
  if it 's not editor bias , it 's management bias . 
  if it is n't management bias , it 's governmental laws bias .
