  far-right apologists are close to surpassing russian aggression apologists in the frequency of use of this logical fallacy . 
   if we ** ca n't ** work something out not sure if auto-correct error , or intentional . 
  another evil leftist university professor , foiling governmental attempts to `` correct '' and `` purify '' history . 
  hey , this is the scapegoat of our own far-right !, 
  hands off !, 
  ~ ~ unpaid or poorly paid suckership ~ ~ crowdsourcing , amirite ? 
  my cynicism is that of an ex-college student forced to drop out due to lack of money and death of family , ex-army , unemployed , in greece , in 2015 . 
  before that , during the `` good times '' , i was like you : super-religious , snob towards people trying to make a living , thought my values was all i needed to survive . 
  and if you think that i do n't fight against the loss of my values because i am cynic in this specific comment , you are mistaken . 
  the naivety in this thread is what triggered my cynicism . 
  sorry to break your puritan bubble . 
  apparently there is such a thing as left ( value-based ) and puritan . 
  being rich or poor has nothing to do with it . 
  regarding the comments in this thread : you only have values when you have enough money . 
  talk to me again when your parents or the state leave you to die in the streets . 
  this is the same , only at country level . 
  if you are offended by the cynicism , take your holer-than-thou idealism and money and go help italy , so they do n't have to resort to tyrannical countries for assistance . 
  out of curiosity : are you completely self-sufficient , your work giving you everything you need ? 
  or do the parents/state support you ? 
   i thought the union was supposed to be a more democratic institution maybe the problem is not with the union , but with your idealistic/unrealistic internal definition of `` democracy '' ? 
  of course norway has the right to speak from its throne of oil . 
  everything is easier when you are outside of the party . 
  have you thought that maybe there is no realistic alternative ? 
  i mean , do you expect an ideal , puritanical `` reddit-style democracy '' to make money out of thin air , or treat refugees humanely ? 
  because the last months have shown the opposite . 
  the former easthern block countries had no problem being the spearhead in restoring our ` irritable ' ass back to fiscal order . 
  time to do as you preach ? 
  this is what our golden dawn is tried for as we speak . 
  there is evidence that the murder of fyssas committed by a group of members was actually organized at the highest level , not just at the initiative of a fringe group . 
  free speech is ok . acting on that speech is not free . 
  `` democracy '' does not give you money out of thin air . 
  ( we learned that ) . 
  `` democracy '' can not take care of immigrants . 
  ( you learn this as we speak ) . 
  `` democracy '' is not a magical cure-all . 
  who would have thought that `` democracy '' , at least its ideal , puritanical form perceived in reddit , existed nowhere or was so unstable that collapsed within months ? 
  there are only obligations and existence of cojones big enough to accept them . 
  we call the silent , soft acceptance of them `` democracy '' , and the hard , coercive acceptance , `` authoritarianism '' . 
  there is no other way if you want to stay in the safety of a union . 
  unless you prefer to gamble solo . 
  i did n't notice a problem with free speech at this instance . 
  if the author is so sensitive that he ca n't handle a public audience or jeers , it 's his own public performance problem , not mine or yours . 
  public debates often work out like this . 
  you ca n't stop the inexperienced audience from acting emotionally . 
  his actual speech about the right to offend , which he links at the end , is what actually has to do with free speech in campuses . 
  educated people are n't a caricature of a depressed wise scientist , serious from birth till death . 
  they do stupid things too . 
  give some slack . 
  not really . 
  only in conservative persecution fantasies , like the author 's . 
  not even students take students seriously . 
  is this the british golden dawn ? 
  eery . 
  unesco has a glossary with pretty good definitions , which include the three terms : http://www.unesco.org/new/en/social-and-human-sciences/themes/international-migration/glossary/, 
  longer than bulgaria , that 's for certain . 
  or ... the police can arrest those criminals for assault and lock them up , and the citizens can come forward and report them , instead of making long-strained excuses about the cultural fabric of society . 
  not dramatic enough for you ? 
  there are really no good guys in the world . 
  the geometric shape is enough to identify the symbol . 
  `` an equilateral cross , with its four legs bent at 90 degrees '' , is the definition wikipedia uses . 
  orientation and color are irrelevant . 
  being dishonest is pretending that this symbol is ok everywhere in europe . 
  the symbol is very much the same everywhere ; its meaning is what changes . 
  your inability to comprehend what it means in your immediate neighbourhood is your own problem . 
  the ultimate level of stupidity is pretending that the past history of a symbol somehow absolves it by its current negative meaning . 
  what the nazis did added permanently to the meaning of the symbol , whether you like it or not . 
  china and india had exploding populations , yet they are perfectly stable . 
  your causation is non-existent . 
  there are these little-known periods in history known as second world war and weimar germany , that completely changed the meaning of your innocent symbol for a whole continent . 
  and no matter how innocent you want to stay , they are there , waiting to be read . 
  because a country or a union is n't its people , how ... ? 
  i am pretty sure that if the eu flag had 12 hammers and sickles , or 12 swastikas , you would n't feel the same . 
  i thought this was n't a `` find the most edgy hypothetical counterexample '' contest . 
  you can not put a rational explanation on flags and symbols . 
  a finn sees a swastika , he is reminded of his country 's air force and gets a military boner . 
  when i see it , i am reminded of my grandfather being beaten to near-death by * actual schizophrenics * , and his jewish neighbours executed . 
  and i make my own judgement , because the value system i grew up with puts innocents ' lives above the satisfaction of military boners and socio-paths . 
  you had to make a new account just to insult . 
  speaks wonders about how brave you are . 
  we had the germans pay a visit around our parts , so it is part of our culture now , whether you like it or not . 
  i was trying to counterexample . 
  i am not fond of the neo-malthusian view ; distribution of food is the problem , not population . 
  neo-malthusians are a difficult bunch to tackle , because to start an appropriate discussion you need a metric like population per real food output and food imports , and i do n't think that this exists yet . 
  population , population density and population density per arable land are the ones i can find . 
  if it 's not the swastika , you have another symbol or idea that is taboo for you . 
  maybe the hammer and sickle , appropriate for your less-than-stellar relationship with ex-soviet union . 
  no one is except from taboos , not even the most educated , even though they go out of their ways to convince people for the opposite . 
  swastika , the symbol , has nothing to do with nazis ? 
  what ? 
  the symbol 's history was smeared by the nazis , and people in the western world have a strong negative view about it . 
  it does n't matter for them what it meant before , or how many anthropology lessons are you willing to give them . 
  symbols do not change their meaning so prescriptively and easily . 
  people do n't think about the f.a.f. 
  when seeing the swastika , they think of hitler and 11 million dead in concentration camps . 
  i was talking about nazi germany . 
  china and india are the areas of the world that contribute the most to overpopulation . 
  not europe or the us . 
  we have kept several single promises , but the bubble that you call your world-view has erased them from your memory . 
  maybe freshen it a little bit with some responsible googling . 
  pro-tip : without `` bailout '' , that number for you would easily be 100.000 , because we could keep exactly 0 .
