  careful what you wish for . 
  watch out with your own `` support our troops , present and fallen '' militaristic and millennia-old pc edge . 
  you may cut yourself . 
  you rage about disrespect to veterans , yet easily forget that it was veterans under this symbol who massacred millions of civilians . 
  they managed to have kids , you can not enforce natural selection until you kill them too . 
  it 's as if under normal circumstances , nowhere the law/book is so inflexible , taking into account that the satisfaction of mr. georgiou 's dr.housesque * ego is n't worth thousands dying or being left homeless . 
  but it seems so because 1 ) you choose to focus on greece and 2 ) your personality might be similarly stick-up-the-ass authoritarian . 
  yes , we are stuck with either voluntary subsidizing the global military industry , or involuntary , when they lobby the governments worldwide to solve all problems through brute force . 
  will someone think of the poor raytheon , almaz-antey and saab bofors dynamics shareholders ? 
  they had to make do with lowly supermarket roe instead of artisanal caviar , for the past 7 years . 
  no , it actually keeps the members of the government happy , because you insure their retirement as ceos . 
  do n't make the mistake to equalize what the people want with what their corrupt representatives wants , unless you want to lose the sympathy of the people . 
  except the refugees are n't turkish citizens . 
  except us and eu do n't cherry-pick refugees , they cherry-pick economic immigrants . 
  and those economic immigrants who get rejected , go back to their countries , * they do n't move to the next country up the chain . 
  nice effort trying to compare two unrelated problems . 
  except it is an issue of all or nothing . 
  you do n't get to pick only those refugees that suit you , and neither should turkey . 
  fuck yeah , making money out of tragedies , the american way !, 
  there 's still hope for russia !, 
  it 's as if `` socialism '' is n't a big , evil , centrally planned conspiracy by a single person , party or country , but the decentralized plebs ' reaction when the patricians think that history has ended and they can play solo , without repercussions . 
  except that back then , bigotry was n't defined by third-wave feminism , which the conservative right twisted to serve their purpose of introduction of cheap immigrant ununionized labor , to antagonize the existing , organized one . 
  while at the same time , as employers and when not in front of the feel-goody cameras and social events , they fuck everyone equally up the ass . 
  understanding whose playing field you are playing in , is the first step . 
  what a fucking disgrace . 
  it does n't show the id of the video , so we can appreciate the person 's taste . 
   if someone goes out for vacation it 's not your right to take over his `` abandoned '' home . 
  except it is n't vacation , it 's a ruined building standing there for decades . 
  private property is n't eternal . 
  eminent domain is a thing . 
   they took over hotels with running water and electricity that were looking for a buyer no , they took over one hotel without water or electricity , the owner of which was speculating its price for years , by leaving it closed and locked . 
   a building intended to house mentally disabled a ruin that was abandoned for decades turned into a squat years ago , and recently the squatters started helping refugees . 
  it was donated from the state to the church , in clear violation of state-church separation . 
  the church had promised that it would build a facility for the mentally disabled , but instead just sat on it . 
  the contract stipulated that the estate would return to the state , if this obligation was n't met in a few years . 
  the local authorities , after being lobbied by the church , evicted the squatters , the refugees and demolished it , so the grace period would be renewed and the church would n't lose the estate . 
  now * it 's an empty lot , the church went back to just sitting on it and the squatters and refugees are back on the street . 
  * so much for that ` christian humanitarianism ' . 
  in southern european countries like us , italy and spain , suffering from right-wing authoritarianism , it was the other way around . 
  because rfe/rl is the nato equivalent of rt ? 
  it 's even plainly explained on its * wikipedia page . 
  i like my news as much as possible propaganda-free , thank you very much . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  * germany : no refugees or immigrants allowed . 
  * omg germany , why so fucking nazi ? 
  ! 111 * germany : ok then . 
  we should do away with our dark past , and accept people in need , according to our new western , open society ideals . 
  * omg germany , how about our private wealthy european club we have going on ? 
  ! 111 it 's sad that some people never lost their iron curtain or splendid isolationism mentality . 
  the behavior of the v4 , austria and their similarly-minded friends throughout europe , us and the world did harm in this case , not germany . 
   between this and what they did to greece , please spare the pathetic fake attempts at sympathy . 
  you do n't give a shit about greece , you only care about finding a country which will be the dump for the unwanted refugees who ` threaten ' you . 
  whether it is turkey or greece . 
  * [ polish government triggered ] *, 
  yes . 
  we are talking about politics though , not technology . 
  and pushing for more survellaince , less legal safeguards ( like warrants ) , ndas about the cooperation between private corporations and intelligence agencies , and less personal privacy , is politics ; not one-way , unstoppable progress . 
  meaning `` you are free to go , but do n't complain if it goes south for you . '', 
  where 's the complaint about them leaving ? 
  go ahead , we are n't ussr . 
   and before that you were complaining that the uk participates in the eu , lobbies for the same policies . 
  the conservatives everywhere after 9/11 lobby about those policies , and have a choice to stop lobbying . 
  if as a result of their stubborness they isolate their country , it should be their sole fault , not * the whole country 's and the people 's within who oppose them , * who should n't be paying for their stubborness . 
   damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  it 's not a do or do n't , it 's a `` you are unhealthily obsessive with what you do '' . 
  they do . 
  they also do n't go full-1984 . 
  it 's not a binary choice . 
   yet you mention isolationism when someone pointed out that the uk wo n't be in that union for long . 
  because ... it is ? 
  it is n't a complaint , it 's an observation that other european governments are n't particularly fond of the ultra-paranoid survellance state of the uk and the us . 
  if you want to act like a little child and stop participating in the union because others do n't agree with your way , go ahead , no one has a right to stop you . 
  i would gladly pay more taxes , if that means israel stops behaving so shitty . 
  the telly lately is on the traditional warmongering spree which infects the right-wing crowd periodically . 
  pro-israel , every muslim is an islamic turrorist , must defend christian and family values against evil commie corbynites ... the whole package . 
  it is so predictable and it would be funny , if it was n't so sad . 
  area c was agreed to be handed over to pa authority gradually . 
  israel does n't have any place to be enforcing it 's law there : http://interactive.aljazeera.com/aje/palestineremix/area-c.html#/2 we have a commitment as a union to defend the agreement . 
  stop defending the guys who try to violate it . 
   constructed illegally the law of israel does n't apply there in the first place . 
  whataboutism much ? 
  `` oh , someone attacked me , let 's just use this as an excuse to level the homes of people who had nothing to do with the attack , just because they belong to the same nation with the attacker '' . 
  you do n't need permission from someone who does n't have it in the first place . 
  good luck with that isolationism . 
  a government that participates in the eu , and lobbies for the same policies . 
  \\  `` the centre left in europe faces a stark choice '' \\  disregarding that the entirety of europe is being governed by members of the centre-right , pro-bank-and-business epp for the past years it 's like a little boy fucking up , but trying to assign the blame on his brother . 
  social democracy is n't in crisis , big money is in crisis and they want to destroy social democracy , so they do n't have to pay the fuck up back to the society who bailed them out . 
  they achieve this with 24/7 propaganda through their own media , about how austerity is the only way and everyone who says otherwise is out of touch with `` reality '' ( the reality that they made up , by capturing regulating agencies at both the national and the supranational level ) . 
  so of course , people believe that the centre-left is out of touch , and they do n't vote for it . 
  that 's what you get when you play hardball against your own weak and poor . 
  they tend to vote for people like corbyn . 
  keep cutting and cutting , right-wing establishment , i am sure it will convince the people to stop doing that . 
  i have seen many hardcore tory voters in this subreddit and elsewhere , who said that they paid the fee when the labour had open-ended elections , just to vote for corbyn and throw labour all the way to the extreme left , so their own party would stay indefinitely in power . 
  talking about cutting one half of your own face ( mild , sane , stable resonating bipolar democracy ) out of spite . 
  fucking shortsighted idiots . 
  i am pretty sure that those who oppose [ neocolonialism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neocolonialism ) , whether `` hard '' ( military ) or `` soft '' ( economy , like this ) , do n't care about who the colonizer is . 
  because apparently it only counts as cold war if russia does it by clumsily invading a country openly . 
  not when `` grassroots '' civilian coup d'\u00e9tats or military coup d'\u00e9tats , which bring nato and eu-friendly governments to power , happen . 
  or when people of those countries are fed up with their sellout west-friendly governments trying to make the `` soft '' , financial occupation of their country , cost-effective for the occupier ( see : austerity ) . 
  it only counts as cold war if the government doing austerity is russia-friendly .
