  even from [ fish farming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fish_farming ) ? 
  old testament or new testament ? 
  secular ( religion-blind ) , not atheist . 
  official state atheism was a characteristic of soviet states . 
  although you can argue ( as cameron shows ) that it is not really secular ; it is religion-dormant . 
  deus vult comes back to fashion whenever it suits the interests of the establishment . 
   how such obvious and blatant corruption can exist because it takes two to tango . 
  when a freelancer tax evades , it 's because he agrees with a customer to offer a reduced price but without a tax receipt . 
  both the customer and the freelancer are guilty . 
  when you pay the border guards to fast track you and not turn into `` by the book '' nazis , both the border guards benefit ( monetarily ) and you ( winning time ) . 
  you , as a customer , has to break the chain and snitch . 
  there is no other economically viable way . 
   eating fish on a friday to be fair , introducing an obligatory fresh fish meal in the week would be a good public health measure . 
  the ones appearing in his delusional christian fantasy , probably . 
  fortunately belgium is not a country under a practically continuous state of emergency for the past half century , so it does n't need to have the same kind of security . 
   it was just a show . 
  it 's not normal . 
  i do n't know about other people , but my normal reaction when i see a guard with an mp5 is not to practically test whether it holds real bullets , by provoking him or attacking him . 
  the `` show '' has a very real psychological effect . 
  or you can , i hear putin has a nice thing going in his little dictatorship . 
  the reaction of most people i know when they see a man with multiple partners is calling him a player . 
  the opposite of cringe . 
  obviously a communist conspiracy . 
  apparently the non-interventionist policy excludes mexico , if he wants to make them pay for the wall . 
  the ` harsh truth ' is moral panic being served as necessary reality . 
   last updated : july 10 , 2015 11:55 pm any particular reason for posting this months-old article ? 
  eh , we have that here since 2004 , you get used to it after a while . 
  yeah , i guess it 's a street vendor vs official store everywhere . 
  if you want it done right , you have to go to an official store of one of the telecommunication companies . 
  street vendors/resellers do n't pay the same attention . 
  are n't you supposed to provide personally identifying information when you purchase a sim in france ? 
  i thought this was the case everywhere in the west after 9/11 . 
  well , according to their site most of their stores are in athens and surrounding municipalities , so it 's only natural . 
  they also have one in the cosmos mall in thessaloniki . 
  ( warning : appropriate for / r/imgoingtohellforthis joke ) . 
  silly romanian mp , the african american population of romania is almost non-existent . 
  at least try to be cost-effective : cultural traitor romanian caucasians like mcdonald 's and starbucks , buy some mccheeseburgers or lattes instead . 
  we do have kfc here : [ kfc hellas ] ( http://www.kfc.gr ) they advertise as using a greek chicken supplier ( [ aggelakis ] ( http://aggelakis.gr/ ) ) , so the quality or the taste probably varies from kfcs using us suppliers . 
  it 's also good pr towards people consuming with a `` support your country first '' mindset . 
  ( not that it has any realistic measurable effect on consumption , though . 
  people usually go to fast food chains because they have decided beforehand that they want to stuff their face with unhealthy and greasy american food :p ) . 
  silly me , i thought we fought for self-preservation when the supposedly benevolent dictator went full nuclear towards everyone and his citizens . 
  plus a shitty economic policy approximating today . 
  it actually matters , because you and everyone else here is not important enough to change the definition as it suits them . 
  what is important is the law and the people you elect . 
  end of story . 
  not really , just in this particular case by omission , and nothing you could n't discover by yourself if you read their relevant instructions on how to use their project . 
  no , we can not all agree to change something that was agreed upon after a long process . 
  the only definition acceptable is the one agreed upon . 
  if you want to change it to suit your values , go lobby your local representative . 
  that 's how proper , structured democracy works . 
  it 's also the fact that this subreddit is populated by unhealthy news junkies , so everything happening is magnified 100x here . 
  it 's not a representative sample . 
  his graph has a trustworthy source , while wikipedia in this particular article does n't provide any . 
  anyone knowing how to use wikipedia properly will tell you that an unsourced article is as good as junk . 
  there are not enough camps yet . 
  and no , they are nowhere similar . 
  the un believed that as its founding member and prime moral backing , you would uphold the deal you gave to the world after ww2 . 
  i guess not everyone can stand up to his ancestors . 
  there is no war but we are also near bankrupty with a welfare that the ` benevolent ' economists reduced to rubble . 
  so yes , if your wish is to trap all those people here and hope that some magical psychological negative reinforcement mechanism will make them go all the way back , you are a pretty shitty life form . 
  because those people will just stay here and wait till fyrom & co 's guard drops , then they will cross anyway . 
  according to our ministry they were n't . 
  i do not feel the need to love an impersonal organization because i have and had a pretty healthy personal life already , thank you very much . 
  rt doing their tsar 's bidding ? 
  nonsense . 
  quality comment stream . 
  painting saudi arabia as a vast exploitation camp is an exaggeration that not even the media dared to construct . 
  there have been scandals but not the grand organized slavery that you think there is . 
  between terrible people who bomb you in cold blood and terrible people who * may * treat you with disregard for your rights , the choice is obvious . 
  no [ boom barrier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boom_barrier ) at that checkpoint ? 
  weird . 
  maybe you have a brain with small memory unable to store two issues for later processing . 
  you are not the one being stuck with a not making nazism great again eternal mission statement , though . 
  he threatened europe with war just as much interwar pro-peace voices were threatening europe with war when they were warning about stalin , hitler or mussolini . 
  nice whataboutism . 
  do n't try to change the subject . 
  unfortunately the chetniks are part of your country 's history , whether you do n't like their dirty speck on your ` clean ' history , just like the security battalions were for us , and your anger and shutting down of discussion pretty much indicates that it is a taboo subject to you . 
  learn to live with dirt . 
  tsipras and his unholy alliance with his far-right lackey tried to fight for populism and lost . 
  turns out , democracy is n't that direct chaos ` just do what the people tell you ' that he imagined in his cold war remnant dream . 
  it has fucking structure : laws and treaties . 
  in the end he had to respect the wishes of other countries too . 
  of course now , euroskeptics will ignore that hard reality and continue to use him and the ultraradical liberals as martyrs . 
  in actuality they would n't give a fuck about them if they did n't serve their agenda . 
  and collaborated with them , but that 's a taboo subject . 
  anyone who questions the biggest psychosis of humanity is in need of psychiatric treatment . 
  well , for starters , normal people do n't vote out of sadism . 
  they try to find what is both best for them and the others . 
  we 've reached the ultimate level of this meme : postmodernism . 
  important context : pm talking shit to appear tough because of upcoming election . 
  just trying to deal with the problem , while the far-right under kremlin 's payroll is trying to scapegoat her . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  on the other hand , it would be nice if you were not paranoid and you did n't see every refugee as an isis member . 
  it 's not absurd if you have a little bit of education , understanding that islamic exceptionalism , european exceptionalism , american exceptionalism , chinese exceptionalism , russian exceptionalism , e.t.c. 
  are all the same side of the coin . 
  the way to keep it in check is to not inflame them , but to keep it moderate . 
  you should try hitting them or bombing them instead , that should make them love you . 
  or you can go after coercion instead of the garment . 
  if it 's difficult to do so : that 's life , some things can only be done properly the hard way .
