in greece there is taxibeat : https://taxibeat.com/ i have n't tried it yet because i do n't have a need for a taxi . 
  it sounds sweet though , you can rate drivers and call the driver of your choice . 
  what is your source ? 
  it is good practice to provide the data source not only in the comments but also on the image , whether it is a map or an infographic . 
  it was crucial to mention the bailouts because i was asked were are we going to find money in the * short-term * . 
  mentioning only the reforms would n't answer that question . 
  if the athletes were qualified as the best , no , it was n't wrong . 
  if they were n't , yes , it was wrong , because it was an intentional political propaganda move bypassing the result of fair competition between the us candidate athletes for the olympics . 
  edit : and you want the best part ? 
  after they used them as political tools , once they returned to the us they got the usual racist treatment of the times . 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  the bailouts are in the form of loans . 
  it is n't money given for free . 
  they are given under the condition that we fix ourselves so that we will be able to pay them back . 
   u.s. president barack obama has included three openly gay athletes in the official u.s. delegation to the sochi olympics in a move he made clear was intended to send a pointed message to russia about gay rights . 
  using the olympics as a cold war ii political platform is pretty aggressive if you ask me . 
  modern olympics have been turned into a parody because of shit like this . 
  a corporate fest where you are stopped at checkpoints set up by company people instead of guards , because the water bottle you are holding is of an unapproved brand ( personal experience ) and an arena of petty political fistfighting between nations . 
  ancient olympics were nothing close to this . 
  it 's a disgrace and a distortion of facts to claim that modern olympics are true to the ideal of the ancient olympics . 
  edit : relevant article : http://boingboing.net/2004/08/12/olympic-brandwhoring.html, 
  structural reforms = smaller government , more business opportunities = creating wealth, 
  the current plan for us , bailout packages in exchange for structural reforms through austerity measures , seems pretty good . 
  find environmentally non-destructive means of obtaining money ? 
  as i said , it 's myopic stupidity regardless of the country . 
  / r/wtf thread for reference , it does n't show up in other discussions because it uses a different imgur link : http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/1vv4a6/riot_police_in_ukraine_is_getting_ready_to_throw/, 
  good for poland or bad for poland ( and any other country including the us ) ? 
  potentially fucking up your environment for a short term money grab is unwise . 
   2013 as in 2006 and 2007 , the straw used to build the goat has been soaked in anti-flammable liquid to prevent it from burning in the event of an arson attack 1 . 
  steal fire truck . 
  fill water tank with gasoline . 
  park it next to the goat . 
  splash the goat with gasoline . 
  my all time favorite . 
  i visited istanbul and the blue mosque in may . 
  we were allowed to enter as tourists . 
  removed our shoes , kept quiet , and the women had to wear scarfs around their heads . 
  it was during the noon and people were praying . 
  nothing to be afraid of . 
  have you guys considered to reintroduce the irish script in education ? 
  i think this is already done . 
  roma are citizens of the country their are in , that 's why they can receive benefits from the government . 
  well , france is a democracy , and they kicked the roma out . 
  tariff-free maple syrup . 
  it 's ... it 's beautiful . 
  i do n't think that 's practical in a routing sense . 
  the point of the internet is to have alternative routes . 
  limiting this principle is shooting yourself in the foot . 
  it seems too much of a hassle . 
  while no wonder it is the most objective measurement method , it 's more practical to do it via software . 
  in greece , there is an official website of the telecommunications and post commision that does measurements : http://hyperiontest.gr/, 
  i think it 's relevant for the whole of europe . 
  here in greece some roma are using their children as traffic light-beggars , which is almost surely illegal . 
  biggest laugh i had today . 
  what are they going to do , give them free shelter and food by locking them up ? 
  be my guest . 
  lawmakers are going full retard these days ... 
  atms here give only 50 and 20 notes . 
  most people choose to withdraw multiples of $ 20 and under $ 100 , so the atm will give them only 20 notes . 
  it 's easier to spend than 50s . 
  his murderer was arrested and will be incarcerated . 
  is that not enough justice for you ? 
  the article does n't reference any statement by nd regarding possible cooperation with gd . 
  please do n't lie , especially to people who do n't understand the language . 
  read the [ guardian article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/13/greeks-protest-golden-dawn-attack-communists ) , which is quoted as a source by the above and similar articles in the greek press . 
  it 's speculation by guardian and leftist sources . 
  nd never said anything about cooperating with gd . 
  or , it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy where the state fails because people prefer vigilantism . 
  and antifa are aggressive , they do n't just stay at self-protection . 
  citizens can protect themselves if they feel to , they do n't need a mastermind organization like antifa . 
  so civil . 
  problem is , antifas have a tendency to see fascists everywhere . 
  not ok . 
  both try to displace the justice system . 
  the state has a monopoly on violence according to political science . 
  antifas should be prosecuted if they are violent . 
  then post these sources , not some biased site . 
  although i do n't like kke , getting your face smashed in response to erecting posters is not democracy , no ? 
  you are downplaying the event with sarcasm . 
  and by the way , hooliganism is not something healthy either . 
  like you cared anyway ... 
  the article itself suggest dm pulled off the story because it had no basis , and as such they would lose the defamation case . 
  dm is n't a trustworthy source , please do n't post it . 
  i see white , previously `` safe economically '' people searching through trash for the first time ( they even look around and leave out of shame if they notice someone ) . 
  crowds of homeless in soup kitchens . 
  specially set up camps for immigrants . 
  police protecting extreme right-wing felons but attacking left-wingers . 
  and the situation keeps getting worse , while we are being lied to our face that `` things are going better anytime soon '' or `` no more measures will be passed '' . 
  now tell me , what 's different from how you described argentina ? 
  the intensity ? 
  because it seems to me that we are going straight to the same direction . 
  i am not looking to reject the current favorite policy , i am looking to someone finally say to me clearly why it 's a success , instead of continuously bashing and demonizing the opposite option . 
  non profit ship lines , mostly between islands . 
  the state supports them so islands are n't left isolated . 
  no businessman would take up the work otherwise . 
  when we file our tax income reports , we include the receipts with them ( at least the ones with the biggest amount of $ ) . 
  each receipt has the name and address of the business that issued it . 
  the revenue service then can run a cross-check with the income reports of the business , to see if the numbers match . 
  they do n't have the power to do it for all the businesses , they do checks based on who 's more suspicious to evade . 
  time to start applying the `` receipt first , money later '' method ?
