they blocked it briefly in the uk parliament , but now it 's just nsfw subreddits ( which you can easily circumvent ), 
  and it 's government policy for mps to abstain on backbench motions . 
  governments are ok though . 
  i do n't drink beer, 
  living in london i can comment on london . 
  it 's expensive . 
  it takes up a lot of time of which you have precious little in london . 
  you do n't want to be hungover on your day off . 
  tubes stop at midnight or 1 am so everyone buggers off home to avoid the dreaded night bus, 
  i want to see scotland/england split, 
  wikigate, 
  but the eu ( as an example ) helps to prevent conflict among european states so borders are less and less relevant . 
  particularly true nowadays where i can skype someone in addis ababa or dili or houston . 
  dunno , i do n't think you unite people by putting up arbitrary borders between them . 
  tavish scott is 5 people ? 
  you forgot to make orkney and shetland independent !, 
  [ not according to the bookies anyway . 
  ] ( http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/british-politics/scottish-independence/referendum-outcome ) odds shortened on a no vote after darling 's initial victory , i 'm guessing they 're just reverting after salmond 's . 
  pretty much hear this every week on the phone . 
  someone who learn how to take a light-hearted remark !, 
  i actually work in westminster , i know the good that government does . 
   i 'd rather my democratically elected representatives had my best interests at heart and looked out for its citizens how often does this happen ? 
  pretty sure google makes my life much easier than any politician ... 
  glasgow to edinburgh to leeds to manchester seems a bit wasteful . 
  it would be better if it left from either glasgow or edinburgh . 
  london - 4mbps where i am ( greenwich ), 
  other than businesses i do n't know anyone getting more than 8 and i live in london ( have also lived in scotland , born/raised ), 
  who in the uk is getting 29mbps ?!, 
  that 's insanely fast !, 
  oh my god my eyes ... that background . 
   some of their piers ouch . 
  have tried and would not recommend . 
  i imagine an italian summer is better , weatherwise , than a british one . 
  we 're lucky if our summer falls on a saturday . 
  you clicked this too . 
  it works , and the media is still a business and companies need money so i ca n't blame them . 
  and like every other company that has voiced their opinion * [ cybernats call for barrhead travel boycott over snp independence ` lies ' claim ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/10735256/cybernats-call-for-barrhead-travel-boycott-over-snp-independence-lies-claim.html ) * [ scottish independence campaigners threaten to boycott major supermarkets ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/12/10/supermarkets-scotland-independence_n_4417395.html ) * [ cybernats threaten to boycott standard life after independence comments ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/10665605/cybernats-threaten-to-boycott-standard-life-after-independence-comments.html ), 
  although i do n't want scotland to go , getting rid of the permanent seats would be fantastic . 
  ukip polling at 10 % in scotland , higher than the lib dems . 
  in this particular region ( east of england ) . 
  they only stand in the north west . 
  yeah , the pandj did a bit in 2013 where only ~ ~ 7 % ~ ~ 8 % of respondents were pro-yes . 
  unfortunately , the only link i can find is to the dreadfully poor newsnetscotland website http://www.newsnetscotland.com/index.php/scottish-politics/7203-northern-isles-are-scottish-say-islanders, 
  they retained their deposit in my home town constituency area in 2010 . 
  this wo n't be their big election . 
  they 'll hlep to decide the outcome , sure , but they wo n't get much mps at all because our voting system simply forbids it . 
  a great example is the lib dems at the last election . 
  the only got 2m votes less than labour but only 57 mps while labour got around 250 . 
   broke 3 party politics in the westminster sorry , i may have missed an election . 
  how many mps do ukip have ? 
  cillian murphy could play him in a film, 
  scotland are n't legally entitled to pay back the debt . 
  all the loans are held by the national loans fund . 
  the treasury has already said they would stand by all debts if scotland defaulted . 
  this move was to reassure investors that the uk will be stable regardless of september 's vote . 
  what you 're reading about scotland defaulting is political manoeuvring . 
  salmond has previously said that they will take on their fair share of the debt . 
  i could list the other countries i 've taken a shit in , but thailand was the only toilet i blocked . 
  anyone who has travelled outside the eu will know that many places ask that you do not flush toilet paper down the toilet because the sewage system ca n't cope . 
  source : i blocked a toilet in thailand, 
  when you go on holiday from the uk you do n't want to see more ukers all the time , so romania it is !, 
  why does large parts of africa use firefox ? 
  i figured that they might 've just stuck with ie . 
  i love how my island is basically a series of ports . 
  i really like bhg . 
  music can be a lot of things : emotional , uplifting , exciting ... 
  but sometimes it 's cool to just listen to songs with crude , funny lyrics . 
   no one in their right mind is arguing scotland could n't survive . 
  well , there are a number of reports coming out which are shedding serious doubt on many aspects of the independence proposal , including the institute of chartered accountants of scotland ( pensions ) and the david hume institute ( energy ) . 
  these organisations have no axe to grind and their worries should n't be dismissed . 
  survival is perhaps not in doubt , but the actual quality of life could suffer if the new scottish government are facing enormous black holes in their pensions and a large hike in energy bills . 
  i seem to see more and more of these reports coming out too and it does make me worry if scotland does indeed vote for independence . 
  edit : i should say that i have transferred my electoral registration to london now so i unfortunately do not get a say despite living in scotland for 24 years and 6 months of my 24 years and 11 months long life . 
  critics would argue `` at what cost ? '', 
  and `` is it viable ? '' . 
  a few people in shetland want independence . 
  if it 's just about freedom and not about the legitimacy/sustainability then why not just give shetland their `` freedom '' ? 
  why not perth ? 
  and fort william ? 
  and montpellier ? 
  and rockall ? 
  and ... etc, 
  i think there needs to be a bit more than just `` do n't worry , the britishness wo n't go !, 
  ibiza is a national park ? 
  i need to move to france . 
  iirc , the idea has more support than scottish independence , locally ( to a huge margin ) , so of course it 's in the electoral-gains-section of an mps ` things to support ', 
  i think shetlanders preferred options are : 1 stay with scotland as part of the uk 2 stay with uk if scotland votes out 3 independent scotland, 
  it 's obviously a good political card to play , and it really does wind up the snp , but i do believe tavish believes in the proposal . 
  he has done work on it locally and has travelled to the isle of man and faroe ( i think ) to meet with government officials and ` learn lessons ' as it were . 
  i think he 's always wanted it but the scottish independence referendum gives a good platform upon which to launch it . 
  i do n't think it 's productive to accuse him of complacency for not doing it while leader of the scottish lib dems . 
  some ideas need work before they 're out there , and some need the right platform . 
  the constitutional debate in scotland has provided that . 
  sullom voe is necessary because it was built for purpose . 
  the pipelines run into it . 
  it cost # 1b in the 80 's - what the hell would it cost now for what is , essentially , a declining industry ? 
  i do n't think shetland would own any more rights to the oil than we do now ( x pence per barrel ) but the sic could play hardball with any scottish government . 
  it 's not as if we can take our oil and not give any to scotland . 
  it 's well outside any legal water-rights of ours . 
  but , the council stills owns the oil terminal , leased to bp .
