or maybe he really hates red dwarf, 
  when i first watched ` grease ' , i was disappointed , as i was hoping for a documentary about ancient greece . 
  take over and starve everyone ? 
  you get that branch , but these ones are ours . 
  and we keep the trunk and most of the roots . 
  technically , * technically * , it worked ... until it did n't ... 
  that sounds like something a pro-eu person would say !, 
  let be refute you as well as i know how : dadekijogugahebihokujajekihodudasefikojubagekibojukagegifotufayefivojasur, 
  i liked the metaphor of stealing money from the future , then becoming the future-people who were being stolen from, 
  let 's be honest , is any of this * actually * false ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  you some sort of terrorist or sumfingk ? 
  laziness in recent years is what it is !, 
  everyone gets invaded by france ... once . 
  the invasion of switzerland by napoleon basically * created * switzerland . 
  before that , it was ~ ~ part of the holy roman empire ~ ~ a loose confederacy of alpine states . 
  goddammit france . 
  and you 've been doing great at wars since then, 
  what about uralic languages ? 
  holy shit , what ? 
  really ? 
  i mean , the country 's got a lot of cool stuff to look at and all , but ... 
  * really ? 
  * did the cold war mean nothing to you guys ? 
  hell * yeah * , we 're the slayers of virgins !, 
  i think the two big parties would like the concept of altvote to go away completely . 
  eh , you 'll probably do fine by yourself . 
  have been to amsterdam red light district , can confirm . 
  few realise that the entire rld is , in fact , just a normal-sized dutch vagina . 
  we will use the dutch as javelins !, 
  it 's ... beautiful . 
  * says you !, 
  can we do that too ? 
  are we going to have a 6th republic now ? 
  goddammit france , just find a republic and stick with it !, 
  where 's the hotel ? 
  slut . 
  yeah ? 
  well , we do n't need friends !, 
  we do n't need allies !, 
  we can do just fine on our own !, 
  that was your own fault for being notwelsh . 
  i guess i should n't be surprised that this kind of stuff happens . 
  but really , i am surprised . 
  i went to a wedding in the netherlands once . 
  a guy jokingly asked me `` did you bring the weed ? '', 
  i said `` well , you 're the dutch one , i expected you would do it ! '', 
  him : `` yeah , yeah , always with the stereotypes ! '', 
  dude , * you * said it first !, 
  either way , santa 's pissed . 
  the eu wants to destroy our economy well , actually , the whole point of the eu is ... 
  they want to take away the bend in our bananas there are quite a few regulations in the eu , but every country has their own ... 
  they want to eat your children what ? 
  i do n't think - `` eu '' stands for `` extremely ugly '' well that 's obviously not - hollande is a tool and merkel is hitler well , no one 's going to disagree with the former , but the latter 's just offensive, 
  i 'm surprised the uk is over 50 % !, 
  you would n't get that impression , even reading the more left-wing newspapers . 
  beans on toast ... yeah . 
  my mum 's a vegetarian , so i 'm not too acquainted with our many beef dishes though . 
  sans racist intentions , their expressions are pretty damn funny there ... 
  i have never been so proud . 
  implying russian has a word for sober . 
  i think i should point out that you said `` ridiculous looking '' , when i think the word you were looking for was `` awesomeballs scifi shit '', 
  uk : grumpy . 
  not pessimistic necessarily , just grumpy . 
  i suggest `` west eurasian peninsula , best eurasian peninsula '', 
  i wish ... 
  i quite like xbox and scrabble ... does that count ? 
  my parents are ashamed of me . 
  germans like scat , brazilians like butts , and we english like a good whipping . 
  not ... that i know anything about that ... 
  i do n't like football , do n't get too drunk abroad , and generally try to act as un-hooligan-y as possible . 
  this remids me i need to go to hungary for ... reasons, 
  what about * le vice anglais * ? 
  the sardines with moustaches thing, 
  did n't you hear ? 
  they buried her with at least 30 years of proletariate blood . 
  duuur ... 
  brains ... 
  brains and privatisation ... duuuuuuur, 
  etiquette baguette, 
  `` bloody russians , killing my family . '', 
  this * thread * is chaos !, 
  we 've always had a love-hate relationship with ... well ... everything . 
  for instance , we hate those damned dirty french , but we love their food , language , culture etc. 
  but your statement is inaccurate ^ ( ( when taken out of context ) ^ ) !, 
  i had an image of thousands of tiny englishmen pouring from boris jonson 's gutted belly ... 
  that 's not really saying much though - i think we 're part of many problems , while still being rightfully dissenting of other problems, 
  q-perialism better than m-perialism, 
  i 'm not saying we should n't have a referendum at all . 
  my beef is with the eurosceptics who are ignorant enough to believe the uk is a slave to europe , and short-sighted enough to believe that uk is better without the eu . 
  okay , this message needs to stop . 
  every time a country demands to leave the eu , someone pops up saying `` we 'll do fine without you anyway ! '', 
  that 's not the point . 
  the eu ca n't just be german and france . 
  otherwise , what * is * the point in a european union at all ? 
  i seriously do n't understand it . 
  the uk is one of the three most powerful nations in the eu , with the potential to control the major decisions it makes . 
  and what do we do with this potentially insane amount of power ? 
  ignore it , impede any decision even if they benefit us , and try to leave . 
  we 're not a very clever country .
