  skins and sugar rush come to mind , two shows aimed at young adults . 
  or all of the contemporary soaps suddenly finding themselves in need of lgbt plotlines . 
  or literal gay propaganda in the form of school visits by charities/ngos . 
  pretty much unrelated but this is n't a limited phenomenon : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3596178/ in a world in which sexual fetishists make kids shows themed on their deviancy , anything is possible . 
  no , it is pushing things by ... pushing them . 
   did you grow up gay under thatchers section 28 ? 
  because i did . 
  two wrongs a right do not make . 
   the united kingdom has accepted large amounts of immigrants , from poorer areas , without causing instability , economic collapse some groups did fine . 
  carribbean immigrants did ok . 
  probably due to the small numbers involved . 
  indian immigrants mostly turned out fine . 
  poles did very well . 
  most recent immigrant groups do n't have any requirement to live among their hosts ; they live among people in similar situations . 
  the numbers are too large to prevent that . 
  i do n't think you would find many statistics or opinions declaring that pakistani migration has been a benefit to the united kingdom . 
  regarding the usa , even today , let alone 1850 , the usa is enormous and has room for anyone and everyone . 
  not just physical room , but that too . 
  even so , usa 's history with different ethnic and cultural groups has been full of deprivation , rioting , corruption and segregation . 
  usa was n't a european nation state . 
  it was a new country that had unlimited resources and a need to compete with millenia-old nations . 
  no tradition , no culture , nothing to protect or be proud of . 
  our current immigration experiment is just that : an experiment . 
  well yes , that is exactly what the previous inhabitants would have preferred . 
  they did n't have a society capable of making that choice . 
  you can interpret that in two ways , and you have selected the one that confirms your bias . 
  great post , friend . 
  pretty similar to what i come up with when i can be bothered ... leftist ideology is by it 's nature self-defeating . 
  the people that you replace your people with wo n't continue your ideals . 
  in this strawman scenario they know that people living under strong religious ideology wo n't be swayed , so only the native , majority atheists will be weakened by the propaganda . 
  i do n't know if there 's any intentional conspiracy here but you would have to be willingly ignorant to not see that the media is pushing this stuff . 
   cultural mixing enriches the home country in our experience , quite the opposite . 
   immigrants are a net economic benefit to societies some groups are , some are not . 
  the idea of a german ethnic group still persisted throughout all of the displacements and the genocides . 
  since the breaking of the carolingian empire , i would say . 
  that is an impossible question . 
  we only ever get to see one version of events . 
  a symptom of our problem if there ever was one . 
  go to syria and pay the jihadis to stop . 
  did n't he just write really prolifically ? 
  i expect that when you trip over a stone , you curse the british for placing it there . 
  all i can say is that african or carribean christians get along significantly better here than muslims do . 
  do christian doctrines require you to actively take part ? 
  as far as i know in the church of england if you are baptised you are considered christian until proven otherwise . 
  is n't that just the rotterdam effect ? 
  does n't make me happy . 
  what now ? 
   assault on badgers and foxes exaggeration much ? 
  our lives are just as long as the rest of europe 's . 
  car bombs, 
  i 'm sure that sealand has a constitution of some sort but we need n't pay attention to it if it 's stupid . 
  we can use `` english isles '' ? 
  i forgot i was on / r/europe '' ** / s ** '', 
  no , it 's just that 1/3 of our population is polish . 
  worst day of my life . 
  and here i was thinking that aesthetics was one of the cores of fascism ... 
  pipe down chinggis, 
  sounds right to me , i can understand that from a southern pansy perspective . 
  would have been more interesting if it was real . 
  we give them to kids here too , if they have a use for it and do n't plan on running about the town with it . 
  you mean nikolaus teslovski ? 
  so if a street composed of 95 % christians says `` do n't march here because we hate the gays '' then do you think that they would avoid that one ? 
  hungary . 
  it must depend on the location . 
  my local supermarket has a lot of different cheese . 
  what they really need to do is to somehow change the weather and climate and geography . 
  just make it the kind of place where you do n't want to be outside for too long . 
  it works for northern europe . 
  it would be propping up the euro which ( not ) doing is a matter of principle . 
  it 's enough to make one proud to be british :\\ ^ ), 
  because they have about 90 % foreign citizens . 
  the implication is that you were talking about england and had no idea that the other constituent countries contribute to the military or foreign affairs . 
  england does n't have sovereignty . 
  i was there last week for a similar situation . 
  it was absolutely fine . 
  the general economic atmosphere was actually a lot better than turkey vov . 
  country west english, 
  `` the people who tried to exterminate you '' / r/thathappened, 
  every waiter i spoke to in greece spoke reasonable russian , english and german . 
  sometimes even greek . 
  i do n't see how greece supposedly has a huge public sector . 
  i was there recently and it seems that if anything it could use a lot more public maintenance . 
  to pay for things that do n't cost much . 
  you really demolished that strawman . 
  i 'll be there in a couple of days to show my solidarity . 
  what could be more fundamental to europe than the people that live there ? 
  because somalians in finland rape at a much higher rate than ethnic finns , even adjusted for relative poverty . 
  do you actually have your hands over your ears when you disregard people 's valid concerns , or is it just figurative ? 
  i cane imagine you frowning at the keyboard as you angrily type this . 
  that would be the easiest way of ensuring an exit vote . 
  no indication of currency ? 
  * hangs head in shame *, 
  south africa, 
  ottoman `` gim me dem white slaves '' empire, 
  everyone that i know would say that they watched a film or went to the cinema ( dirty french influence ) . 
  i dislike that too , for some reason . 
  you have to remember though , it 's not so much that they are adopting english , but at this stage we are all creating it together . 
  that meme stopped being funny wen it transpired that the edl were completely right about that . 
  the romani ethnic group as a whole is a problem for europe . 
  there 's also the dual-language signposts,
