  it wo n't happen . 
  people wo n't be european , they will just live in europe . 
  aka the cypriot and argentine fallacy . 
  they still get a lot of bad press for organised crime tbh . 
   is europe a nightclub with a gender ratio policy ? 
  nationwide gender disparities are no laughing matter . 
  well memed my son, 
  dorswhat ? 
  they are n't attacking drivers and they know that there 's no chance to actually make it this way . 
  http://imgur.com/blnblxm i did n't get the regions exactly right . 
  seems odd to label somebody as a brigade who has used reddit for much longer than yourself . 
  the idea is that they are more forthcoming after a few days in gaol . 
  they seem to have some trouble with berth vs birth . 
  even if that was strongly regulated it does n't matter if your minimum wage is n't effectively the market wage . 
  cheap labour is still cheap if it pushes the price down to the minimum . 
  tagged you as `` amerifat '' so i can know when to be nationalistic regarding you . 
  i thought that you were typing in dutch there , i was trying to find the relevance . 
  seems straightforward . 
  unless it was presented in english to greece too . 
  they do n't need to know german as long as their community leader does . 
  that 's how it works here anyway . 
  often because we gave it to them . 
  just like money , eu trying to give us our values back with their label on it * shakes fist *, 
  about the same amount of time that the english crown has ? 
  the ride never ends . 
  i did say northern thing did n't i ? 
  ca n't say that i have ever see one . 
  must be a northern thing . 
  it 's normal to lose gdp when you lose a large chunk of your d , the rest of ukraine could be doing fine . 
  i think that was the international jew no ? 
  you have to factor in most of the irish flairs being americans in reality . 
  thank god , it 's nearly normalized to actual public opinion now . 
  a significant proportion of / r/european posters are refugees from here that were banned for right-leaning views . 
  not really . 
  as we have seen when really pressed they will go there , they just need a justification for the requisite riot vans and weapons . 
  but in day to day policing , probably yes . 
  i think that iran must have a great pr system because everyone that i know to have been there says that the people were incredibly nice and welcoming , and fairly liberal too . 
  the author of this piece is/was a refugee , being abused by immigrants . 
  this is what the refugee system is for . 
  you 're omitting al-andalus , countless mediteranean raids , barbary pirates , the ottoman invasions of the balkans , sustained attempts at taking pre-ottoman constantinople and france . 
  europe as a whole had been a victim until the renaissance . 
  it 's you that has lost perspective . 
  conflict has happened for every reason between every group of people . 
  before colonialism it was europe that was the target of slavery and invasion . 
  it was an ongoing clash of cultures , and europe came out ahead . 
  there 's no shame in that . 
  even the kurds will come back to bite us . 
  `` my mother was killed by an explosion yesterday '' `` so what , 20 people elsewhere died too ! 1 ! '', 
  yeah it has never worked like that . 
  from what i have seen many of the uk jihadists were middle class and educated . 
  undoubtedly we should demonstrate that terrorism works and that we will allow isis to establish itself as long as they threaten us at home . 
  it 's 2015 !, 
  it 's amazing what you can get done with a bit of state of emergency . 
  of course it would - if they were closed about 20 years ago . 
  standard guardian : gives more page space to people criticising nigel than to his actual remarks . 
  trigger warning : the last 10 minutes are a lot of eu bashing . 
  the first 20 are broadly relevant to western europe . 
  prior to this they were protected by law , even though they were known to be dangerous . 
  nationalism destroys the eu , this is self-interest . 
  exactly this . 
  isis may proclaim what it wants but the outcome will not be as they predict . 
  as soon as they instituted the state of emergency they arrested 150 extremist suspects in france , which they did n't have solid evidence for . 
  firstly , when people say white while it correlates with skin colour that 's not what they mean . 
  as op says , they mean ethnically european . 
  an albino sub-saharan is n't considered to be white ( which is a useless term 99 % of the time ) . 
  secondly , you are hugely overestimating the impact of invasions on the local admixture . 
   if i lined up a hundred people in order of skin tone from the palest white to the darkest black , i would dare anyone to point to the exact spot where white stops and `` other '' begins . 
  there is no exact spot but people would broadly agree . 
  no we were good at it ; we ignored the current borders and made our own entirely . 
  always worked out fine . 
  it will be a shame if cofe schools are collateral damage here . 
  they are harmless and tend to be good performers . 
  it does n't matter ; it is statistically certain that among the wave of refugees , many of which are not syrian and many of which are not traditional refugees , extremist agitators will blend in . 
  the scale and process ensure that proper checks wo n't be carried out . 
  why are we surprised that the christians are fighting back ? 
  i in no way condone the actions of europe , but ... why is everyone so surprised and shocked ? 
  we ( ottomans , the barbary states , arabia , etc ) have been enslaving them , killing their citizens ( along with the soldiers ) , and generally sticking our military noses into their territory . 
  we , effectively , declared war on them . 
  is it unreasonable to expect them to do the same to us ? 
  europe does n't have the ability to directly take on eastern militaries - they simply do n't have the manpower . 
  what they did was kill those they could . 
  again , much like `` we '' have done in the past ( incursions in italy , pillage of constantinople , the `` jihad '' , moors in iberia ... ) to convince others to give up . 
  again , not condoning anything . 
  i ca n't emphasize that enough . 
  but why should we expect to be allowed to kill people all over the world and not expect anyone to fight back ? 
  i can see that it 's not black or white , i can still advocate picking a side . 
  for example , i would not choose to sacrifice european citizens in favour of '' '' `` syrian '' '' '' '' '' `` refugees '' '' '' which is implicit in the decision . 
  you should n't imply that medieval islam-christianity conflicts ( such as the crusades ) were a one-way aggression . 
  did n't stop him at all . 
  the gun jammed and he ran away after losing most of his ammo . 
  he probably killed himself due to the cc but it did n't save people . 
  the last link of your was a suicide and not what you described . 
  serbia does have a shit load of guns anyway though . 
  i more or less agree with this . 
  my only qualm is how permanent it is . 
  we 're still seeing 1950s soviet weapons all over the place and you ca n't get rid of them once they are about . 
  but if society is heading in the direction that it seems to be , i will lean towards the rooty tooty point and shooty side . 
  also i like shooting , might be nice not to get stared at when i talk about shooting clay pigeons . 
  it 's the classic american argument : `` it 's happening in ghettos and detroit so it does n't count '' . 
   lawrie , who had put his carpet cleaning business on hold to help migrants in calais after seeing the body of syrian boy aylan kurdi washed up on a turkish beach .
