  i have lived around bristol and the south , i have had friends from all areas and all classes and i have never witnessed this . 
  germans did exist even if a nation state called germany did not . 
  who is `` our '' ? 
  greece seems to have a lot of feral animals roaming the cities . 
  it 's by no means a small gene pool . 
  belgium was n't really an entity until 1800 ~, 
  the same culture evolved . 
  it was not competing . 
  i would not . 
   and for all those that say cultural evolution is good vs cultural replacement - have a little more confidence in these superior cultural values that you 're defending so vigorously . 
  they can stand a little competition . 
  that rewards stronger , more violent cultures over progressive and peaceful ones . 
  people with long term dependencies become quite good at masking them . 
  mustafa, 
  i have visited about a dozen european countries and as far as holidays go i prefer back home . 
  you do n't have to interpret it as `` equal at the top '' . 
  \\ #allculturesareequal am i right ?!?!, 
  member of parliament . 
  we spent 70 years repaying our war debts while japan was looked after ( (, 
  speak for yourself m8 , decent butcher 's sausages work even better . 
  i think he means to make it so that it 's actually northern , with the most northern part being in the republic as of now, 
  is your large town in the hebrides ? 
  you say that as if it is n't ** the ** depository for old military aircraft . 
  there are n't many ( any ? ), 
  more of those places . 
  mostly the royal family . 
  but seriously , our native population is n't doing too bad on this count , although a large proportion of it is migration . 
  nobody uses the term `` people of colour '' ( except extremists like her ) . 
  very brave post . 
  hence ukip being one of the few blue names there . 
  nice thought prosecution there friend, 
  please stop with the obnoxious self-hatred . 
  people only think that in your narrative . 
  `` workers and consumes ( consumers ) control of the means of production '' to me , that either means the final stage of communism via actual communes , or it means that workers own the means of production via a state . 
  occam 's razor says that i should interpret it as the first . 
  i think that the problem is more with the op 's phrasing than my education ; i did n't learn enough about politics at school to even make the distinction in the first place . 
  i have always known what you describe there as communism . 
  if you look at the road network and the spread of towns there are very few places which can be considered miles of nothing . 
  you do n't seem to mind the 95 % leftist circlejerk . 
  the united states is what it is because of a massive unexploited landmass , a new start which initially avoided much of the societal inertia and more recently coming out unscathed ( much richer in fact ) through the biggest wars in history . 
  stop comparing it to european nation states . 
  intentional or not , the result is the same . 
  and look how it worked out for them !, 
  whatever it 's effect on western countries it wo n't be the cause of this 97 % . 
  fptp should n't have an effect on the voting % though . 
  i do n't know if i would equate `` funded by '' to `` managing and redistributing it 's income '' . 
  numenor reporting in, 
  these polls rarely reflect the reality . 
  there are too many ways to manipulate information . 
  anti fascist is a description . 
  antifa is a group . 
  kebab was removed , nothing wrong with that . 
  antifa please go, 
  why are you responding to a thread as if you are responding to the leader of ukip ? 
  are you perhaps just offering your opinion to the circlejerk and seeing what they will do with it ? 
  he wants it to be neutral but has his own personal preference . 
  that ca n't be hard to imagine ? 
  most easterners tend to speak american , actually . 
  giving immigrants time to settle is a strong point for lowering the net influx , in my opinion . 
  i was `` friends '' with an indian girl who went to a catholic english speaking school in india . 
  there are significant culturally similar enclaves . 
  i pretty much agree with you though . 
  bulgaria btfo, 
  african nations wo n't get better while all of their most ambitious young people leave them . 
  it 's perfectly possible that the numbers attempting the journey have increased due to other factors even while people are being dissuaded by this . 
  you talk to the authorities of said country . 
  if they can confirm the case , they are sent there . 
  if not , back to step one until they stop lying . 
  i hope you do n'tr think that obnoxiously patronizing people is a good way of getting a point across . 
  open borders is the short-sighted solution here . 
  omg people who disagree with me are so morally wrong and mean1 !, 
  and if under 18 's had n't voted , you would be nowhere near . 
  what 's the point of breaking it down like that ? 
  i 'm not talking about eating disorders . 
  it is very hard for some people to put on weight . 
  because that wo n't get the debate past the `` omg ur raciss '' segment . 
  it 's absolutely clear that the government pushes their policies through schools . 
  anyone attending state school in england between 1997 and 2010 would have been subjected to an uninterrupted stream of diversity and statist propaganda . 
  so yes , i agree that 16 year olds should not be able to vote . 
  nobody that is in the mandatory education system should be able to . 
  get downvoted son . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  that one invasion saw ireland vassalised for about 400 years , i would n't dismiss it so easily . 
  if i relied on driving through calais for a living i would be chimping out right now . 
  if you 're asking for proof that leaders intentionally start wars to shore up their gender ratio , you wo n't find it . 
  but it is definitely a phenomenon . 
  if only it could live up to bradford or leicester, 
  i imagine that most diets work if you 're extremely fat in the first place . 
  the bait was weak this time, 
  `` they 're '' and `` their '' should sound different , though . 
  any confusion is just lazy pronunciation . 
  `` they 're '' is a contraction of `` they are '' and it sounds like it . 
  thanks hollande , thanks merkel, 
  it 's the same all across europe , antifa and other scum will write up lists and harass you if associate with the unspeakable ones . 
  or perhaps temerity, 
  the ration of refugees that swarmed europe and specifically germany are 80 % male . 
  the ones that stayed in turkey/syria/lebanon ? 
  probably more female . 
  it seems to me that developing an identity that includes `` europe for everyone '' and `` human rights ; no matter the cost '' is self-defeating . 
  you have to take a step back , admit your bias , establish your in-group and stop trying to be the moral savior of the world .
