  imo , the black hole is n't black ; it has no place on the visible spectrum ( similar to how a mirror lens has no colour ) . 
  it 's open to interpretation though . 
  black holes would n't look black at all ; if anything they are extremely bright due to the accretion disk circling them . 
  otherwise they are entirely invisible , only `` seen '' by distortion upon other objects . 
  just saying . 
  the square mile is actually a city in of itself though . 
  national identities are the barriers to eu federalism , an aim stated by a few senior eu officials . 
  the less patriotism and national identity exist , the less people mind when currency is changed or when powers are given to the eu . 
  a german that feels that it is socially unacceptable to be proud of his people , culture or history is not going to complain as much about european federalism as , for example , a frenchman who still regularly celebrates those things . 
  this might break down slightly for a place like poland , but it could be argued that economic concerns are primary there . 
  i have spoken to a lot of germans and they mostly avoid talking about their history and culture . 
  it 's one of the reasons that integration so tightly with the eu is possible for them . 
  i do n't really have a problem with it either but you can safely say that city centres are demographically unrecognisable from 20 years ago . 
  that kind of change within a generation is unsettling . 
  the shops being opened , the languages being spoken , the culture being spread are all different to how it was when i was born , for example , and it certainly is n't beneficial for me . 
  size has no bearing on how diverse or separate the people are . 
  why do n't people seem to consider than when the bravest and brightest evacuate from their home countries , they guarantee that the situation there wo n't improve ? 
  in some ways the best way to help a country is to make sure all it 's people stay there . 
  thanks for this , you said a few things that i had trouble articulating . 
  i can only assume that you live in suburbs or in a small town . 
  i do n't take a side in this argument but you lose a lot of credibility by resorting to ad hominems and strawmen . 
  he did n't imply that babies choose where they are born , and he does n't strike me as somebody of low intellect ; even if he did i would n't call him stupid for fear of diluting my point . 
  i would say that it 's more due to politeness and non-interference than outright tolerance . 
  and i could talk all day about how being compared to a northerner is disgusting and how the west country has the highest quality of life and blah and blah ... 
  eventually you realise that accurate generalisations are useful for debate . 
  the german approach has led to them being scared of patriotism , embarrassed about their history . 
  i much prefer the `` acknowledge and move on '' approach . 
  yes . 
   the biggest problem in terms of media is the daily mail which i believe is unfortunately the best selling tabloid . 
  this is a bit of a misdirection - the people that buy tabloids are the same people that like murdochisms . 
  if everybody had to buy a newspaper i doubt that the dm would be as influential . 
  imagine how the rest of us felt when gordon brown was pm . 
  how to be completely wrong : the post, 
  keep your cultural relativism to yourself pal, 
  please fuck off, 
  incredible how quickly this was censored . 
  they pay our pensions !, 
  personally the fact that you struggle to find a patch of ground at which you ca n't see or hear civilisation gives me some idea that it 's overcrowded . 
  as the canadian said there is no wilderness here . 
  this being england , but it goes the same for belgium/nl . 
  transit countries would n't have nearly so much to deal with if the migrants did n't know that they would get through . 
  `` i 'm syrian '' `` welcome in , all look same '', 
  which does n't make sense when you consider that the major genetic mixing happened before france existed either as a state or a nation . 
  i always wonder what people classify as irish pubs . 
  you must prefer the cherrypicked media that manages to spend 95 % of airtime on the 5 % of children in the refugee streams . 
   it may surprise you that racist people in the uk think that eastern europeans act like this all the time too . 
  source ? 
  your second paragraph is false . 
  newspapers ( and politicians ) claimed that everyone in those countries are now allowed to come here , and that for a lot of them it would certainly be an improvement . 
  there was n't any serious prediction that a significant proportion would move . 
  his agenda goes further and wider than that , in a good way . 
  tell me ; what is the difference between `` brigading '' and simply being a participant ? 
  can you tell the difference between an upvote depending on where it comes from , and is it worth any less ? 
  you ca n't control what a sub talks about by banning users and topics . 
  if the people want it , they will get it on way or another . 
  i like your odd assumption regarding imagination but my problem is one of pragmatism . 
  nations ( different from states ) have existed for a long time . 
  more relevant is that fact that now sovereign states are a thing ; they wo n't go away unilaterally . 
  you are doing yourself a huge disservice advocating for dissolution of nations from within one particular nation . 
  no , i mean what i say and i say what i mean . 
  i agree , endless interviews with nice cherrypicked refugee families trying to guilt people into german-style implosion get tiresome . 
  depends on how quickly germany goes down the shitter . 
  people can never understand the concept of qualitative statistics . 
  be careful ; saying that is against the subreddit rules !, 
  chavs are n't particularly known for their racism, 
  i just realised that `` it is not ok to suggest that some races or cultures are inherently better than others . '', 
  is a rule . 
  holy shit that ca n't be serious . 
  pakistan is a hugely patriarchal society . 
  it 's a place with a real `` rape culture '' . 
  there 's nothing more important to europe than the people living in it . 
  i have seen multiple comments disappear between refreshes lad, 
  the most direct way to ensure that syria is a continuing mess is by depopulating it . 
  power vacuum anyone ? 
  nice censorship / u/slyratchet . 
  really curtailing the unpopular opinions nicely . 
  based hungary . 
  the problem with the neverendum is that it 's then inevitable that is passes . 
  and it only has to pass once . 
  comments on online newspaper sites are dumb all across the world . 
  but lars the reich is already here, 
  immigration is fine if you do n't want a welfare state . 
  or a 15 year old kid with no papers insisting that he 's 7, 
  you could learn to tie shoelaces in cambridge and come out of it with job offers . 
  i was n't being sarcastic . 
  you are right of course ; we should let middle eastern countries live happily under their brutal dictatorships . 
  it 's certainly a lot less bother for us . 
  the syrians that are furious at being stuck in hungary or turkey ? 
  if a location sets itself up as a cheap trashy tourist destination then it only has itself to blame . 
  i have been on plenty of holidays that involve none of that ( except perhaps the obesity ) simply because the hotels/towns do n't enable/encourage it . 
  i assume that there will be a charity trip to the south of france or the maldives somewhere in your future . 
   helping the poor in nz seriously ? 
  portalgoose *, 
  lolwat i would describe c4/5 as free . 
  antifa please go, 
  superficial things such as `` which hobbies we enjoy '' are not what people mean when they talk about similarity . 
  t. 25 year old iraqi/turk, 
  nationalism is just a slap of paint for what has always existed , starting from the family-unit tribalism . 
  unfortunately our values wo n't survive if they are not protected . 
  you 're talking sense all of a sudden , did somebody phish your account ?
