  he 's clearly lost his wits . 
  i ca n't see the connection with ancient greece but i am really glad for charlemagne and the reconquista . 
  you mean the great deception that they were temporary workers ? 
  i would n't say that bosnia is a fundamental part of european society either tbh . 
  it looked like a typo to me , at least i first read it as `` i 'm atheist '' which then partially contradicted the rest of your post . 
  after all , muslims are theist too . 
  religion has inspired barbarism as long as it has existed . 
  human sacrifice , crucifixion , holy wars , sectarian violence ... sure there are people at the top seeking to direct this but they would not have power without religion enabling it . 
  the simarillion, 
  i suppose that 's what the taleworlds game is named after . 
  those rights were decided on by people just like any other law . 
  they are n't morally infallible . 
  it 's definitely true from my perspective . 
  i spent a lot of time talking to a german student and he fell for these all of the time . 
  the post-caesar empire separated its conquests into provinces based on the peoples ( nations ) that lived there and sent governors to administrate them . 
  many roman emperors only had strong control over rome itself . 
  gaul , for example , was a loose nation that the romans made into a state ( within it 's empire ) . 
  i do n't think that modern italians could easily claim romans as their own , but neither do i think that france should be limited to it 's post-1958 incarnation in that regard . 
  i know exactly what you 're saying and i am curious as to why . 
  is fn really far-right ? 
  do n't we have to reserve some space there for skinheads and breiviks ? 
  nations certainly existed before nationalism . 
  nation states , an important distinction , did too . 
  in rome 50ad , somebody would have been recognised as a roman citizen or a foreigner ( or a slave or otherwise ) . 
  establishing a proper national ancestry is the problem here . 
  but if any modern state was to bear it then it would be italy . 
  i can only imagine the smug attitudes as the machetes swing : `` at least we supported your human rights : ddd '', 
  which is all to the benefit and encouragement of said criminal-producing countries . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  you have n't gone to shit but it 's clear that , along with other western countries , people are being scared into silence when their opinions are deemed wrong . 
  french `` people '', 
  well duh - why give to charity when you can give to the government and let them choose what to spend it on ?!?!, 
  what a load of fantasy nonsense . 
  taking in millions of islamists guarantees the long-term presence of islam ( which is radical in all of it 's forms when present in europe ) . 
  voting in a `` far right '' * party such as afd is not so permanent . 
  * if you think that afd is far right you must have considered the bnp to be off the spectrum and unfathomable . 
  i went on holiday in greece recently too . 
  i believe that they are a german political party , not an eu one . 
  i learn a lot when i go on holiday in europe and experience the german television channels . 
  not anymore , we know that we 're american tier when it comes to international football now . 
  i would say that most people that go to egypt are n't travelling so much as lounging . 
  not much thievery if you just stay in the compound and enjoy # 0.50 cocktails . 
  this thread is hilarious . 
  but out of the two choices only one of them ends with him getting wet . 
  they are regular george soroses . 
  london, 
   one of the most prevalent myths in european politics is that governments adopted multicultural policies because minorities wanted to assert their differences . 
  [ citation needed ] have n't heard that one before . 
   stem the flow of european jews european jews were distinctly semitic and not a good example to support that point . 
   the experience of living in a society made diverse by mass immigration should be welcomed . 
  it works just fine , but they are expensive . 
  it 's better to avoid that whenever possible . 
  not sure how it can be ironic since he made it all up . 
  heh , i pronounced them nearly the way you said before reading the rest of it . 
  not quite as badly , but still ... 
  teach me how to r please, 
  perhaps not as often but it has happened in the us . 
  why is iceland so viable for geothermal ? 
  is the crust thinner there ? 
  i suppose i did n't read much into `` house '' and conflated it with `` property '' . 
  looks like a lot of it is wrong . 
  i have a hard time seeing the average in cz as being 200k honestly . 
  everywhere is more racist than `` we 're all minorities now '' london . 
  when will this racism end, 
  in this case the media is doing good work . 
  in other news , david cameron and angela merkel do n't have strong political opinions , belgium is still a country and the pope remains catholic . 
  only half of it is european, 
  in case of continuing eu debacle , uk is even more open for business . 
  maybe in enlightened atheismland where children are encouraged to watch porn it 's different , but here parents want control over what children watch on the internet . 
  just to confirm , that is what this is - not a great firewall-style centrally controlled blacklist . 
   ad hominem response  ukip voters are not well known for their intelligence nice one lad . 
   give a good argument on why the uk porn filter law is n't illegal and is n't censorship and i might listen . 
  it is censorship and everyone does it and it is deemed necessary for our way of life . 
  secondly , it is not a law . 
  so as a parent you would set up a filter on every device ( this includes harsh controls on what they can buy with personal money , of course ) as well as requiring controls on whatever your children 's friends might bring into your house , instead of a single solution that achieves precisely the same thing . 
  this is too good to be true ; somebody with your username getting worked up and being completely wrong about this subject . 
  you call someone else delusional while calling for global governance on what is essentially a cultural matter ? 
  my limited deutsche tells me that it is a list of exceptions including art ( seems broad ? 
  ) , historical research , scientific research and current affair journalism . 
  not really viable with the plethora of internet-capable devices that children get their hands on these days . 
  british newspapers are opinion formers , not opinion mirrors . 
  in this case it did n't make an impact , nobody on the street blamed hungary ( outside of university campuses perhaps ), 
  farmland has to be maintained one way or another . 
  do i get to be offended when somebody calls me a rosbif ? 
  rekt, 
  / r/france, 
  why do n't you go and shear some sheep about it, 
  is n't that a-level equivalent ? 
  seems standard to me . 
  if it 's for 15-16 year olds then it 's a bit too hard . 
  i can rarely tell them apart , but they do n't seem offended by it anymore . 
  quite a stretch to attribute the computer to the `` benefits of america '', 
  confirmed . 
  stop trying to co-opt our identity shitlord, 
  what state subsidies do coe exclusively get ? 
   i work , therefore i am, 
  the most anti-immigrant people in the uk recently have been ones massively affected by immigration . 
  see : edl , bnp 's most successful elections . 
  places like luton and barking/dagenham . 
  your neighbourhood was porn ?
