that 's not how it is at all . 
  even the most anti-immigration zealot knows that it 's a net economic benefit , for whatever that 's worth . 
  benefit tourism is an individual crime , you would n't say that theft is ok because most people do n't steal . 
  you might , however , say `` wow look at this completely valid and legal avenue to theft , maybe this should be stopped '' . 
  ( inb4 people post assuming that i believe that ), 
   larger states are more accountable than smaller states wow . 
  itt : buttmad celtics whining about their english masters, 
  fuck those / pol/sters, 
  aristotle might have called them slav ( es ), 
   there are n't many americans that believe sweden is being taken over by muslims i dispute this . 
  you think that 50 years ago a group of teenagers decided on their world views and now those people are about to die and usher in a new age of progressiveness ? 
  i envy your naivety a bit to be honest , and i know that this is what quite a few people pin their hopes on , but it 's very clearly not how it works . 
  people change as they age . 
  some day , you will be the old people . 
  that 's not how age works . 
  i nearly stopped reading after i saw `` europhobe '' . 
  2 ) the media likes whoever the people want to hear about . 
  4 ) you 're arguing for the massive indoctrination machine of lab/con to be given time to roll out just like it was for the av and holyrood referendums . 
  5 ) lab/con mps say and do stupid things all of the time . 
  try watching a diane abbot interview ( do n't really ; they are painful ) . 
  that happened with loads of places . 
  most of our places names changed multiple times , if not by conquest then by indirect language conquest . 
  same here , although i do n't dislike it . 
  and it 's more like 15km . 
  a better solution might be to see where they leave from via satellite and drop them off in exactly the same place . 
  tax dodging multinationals would seem to explain it . 
  old rosie , never forget, 
  as a west country man my scrumpy and i are quite upset by this notion . 
  i knew a family when growing up with children called storm , axel and heaven . 
  based austria . 
  definitely , i ca n't see northern ireland being much of a force in eu politics . 
  gold, 
  that 's not how it works . 
  london dominance is n't a party political thing . 
  you 're probably not being entirely serious but the reasons for the union and the european version existing are quite different . 
   living vicariously through scotland stop doing that . 
  it 's annoying . 
  i guess i 'm one of the few who do n't give a shit vov, 
   there always have and always will be people who damage society , immigrant or no . 
  this argument is completely invalid and pointless . 
   have you noticed that most of the `` dangerous immigrants '' you hear about are poor , young and uneducated ? 
  i have noticed that a lot of the immigrants we receive are poor , young and uneducated , yes . 
  that 's lovely for the economy . 
  what about the society ? 
  we can only hope . 
  jews have become less of a race than they were 2000 years ago in terms of cohesion . 
  the jews came before judaism . 
  i am not sure that i see the relevance . 
  my post was indicating that sweden can give residency on behalf of the rest of the eu . 
  why even bother with border control in the eu when sweden will let absolutely anyone in ? 
  that 's because it 's uk oil : ^ ), 
  i do n't really see how devolution will change that . 
  holidays for the english are based on two things : weather and economics . 
  we do n't care about the culture because we stole most of it years ago anyway . 
  if anything when they leave they will scoop up a lot more islam . 
  when the people commenting are foreigners with nothing to lose from the situation , yes . 
  you 're looking at the opinion of 5-6 people with clear agendas and that influences your overall view ? 
  you ca n't speak for any cities . 
  welcome to / r/europe , collective unashamed schadenfreude en masse . 
  i think that i will look back sadly at what could have been . 
  my education regarding british history was entirely self-deprecating . 
  i am incredibly glad that this is the top comment . 
  you 're alright , germany . 
  it stops being banter when it 's annoyingly persistent and repetitive . 
  you clearly do n't understand how the pub queue works . 
  it actually kind of explains your bitter english hatred . 
  that does n't relate to these people being refugees or not though . 
  my understanding is that they are very rarely refugees , rather just economic migrants who tear up any documents and forget where they are from if it suits them . 
  busybody leftists actually help them with these signs . 
  ey lad , i 'm not much for politics but i reckon those blokes in the gurt big palaces over the hill do n't care much for us small folk . 
  * power corrupts *, 
  you would be either living in a single room or spending an hour commuting daily while getting beheaded and stabbed . 
  some people in england really do refer to everything else as `` the north '' . 
  usually these people are from kent or hampshire or somewhere fairly southern , but not always south enough to warrant this . 
  for you, 
   so i think you mean `` and '' . 
  i do n't know why people are downvoting me in contrast as if i was advocating it ... 
  and in the next great war ? 
  you take back ni i presume ? 
  no , no you do n't have allies on all sides . 
  you are neutral !, 
  which english army is that ? 
   our protestant cousins nothing to see here folks . 
  they can move away from a capital-based system and more directly take advantage of their land 's wealth . 
  all except albania and fyromia apparently . 
  [ shilling intensifies ], 
  very good choice . 
  cider should be still , not fizzy . 
  mcb has no authority or membership . 
  it does n't represent muslims and it 's just used to trot out these weak statements every time another issue pops up . 
  diego maradona , easily . 
  do n't start this ... 
  edgy . 
  pretty strange choices for the uk cities . 
  where be that blackbird to ? 
  i know where he be , he be up yon wurzel tree , and i be after he !, 
  now i sees he , and he sees i , buggered if i do n't get ` en with a gurt big stick i 'll knock ` im down blackbird i 'll ` ave he !, 
  oldest ally , how can you say that ? 
  i disagree . 
  inb4 sudden sweeping eu reforms which were conspicuous in their absence while germany was doing well,
