  fortunately for me i did n't say or imply that any of that was the case . 
  no problem my french brother . 
  source for everything you just said ? 
  you 're presenting it as a fact and not an opinion , after all . 
  i pity the person that ca n't see the concept of a country just being a big family  we can have a pity party about it if you like . 
  we get roughly 1/10th of a say on what happens . 
  if we 're not all on the same path and have different priorities , this is going to result in the uk having practically no influence , as every `` vote '' is 90-10 ( hyperbole obviously ) . 
  we have had many centuries of close interaction with each other on this island . 
  not quite as much with the continent . 
  maybe when globalisation has plateaued in 100 years the eu should check back on us . 
  i do n't think that they plan to change geography . 
  i wonder if stalin considered anyone to be petty nationalists with divisive agendas . 
  downvoted , you clearly do not believe hard enough in juncker 's utopian vision , fellow eurofriend . 
  i , for one , fully expect us to invade france the second that we leave the eu . 
  it 's all that 's been holding us back . 
  you are right but i still think that their goal would have been peace . 
  i doubt hitler was sat there stroking his chin planning on how to rile up his citizens next . 
  his vision of a perfect world probably involved peace . 
  that was a more realistic `` solution '' , if they could have wiped out any resistance , installed complete hegemony and had peace they would have done it . 
  what do you think happens when there are no outside forces ? 
  they just kill their own citizens until nothing is left ? 
  even the nazis , if completely successful , would logically at some point have been happy with their work and settled down with all the murder . 
  you have to use some abstract thinking here and not focus on specific examples or literalisms . 
  it 's goal is peace , in the same way that all empire 's goals were eventually peace . 
  after they had adjusted the populations into their way of thinking , of course . 
  i have no idea , but if there 's a tiny chance that they do n't it needs to be rectified . 
  i can see two solutions to # 2 . 
  i would choose the one that does n't bring sweden closer to somalia , personally . 
   except for , you know ... drug formulas . 
  not inherently bad . 
  in no small part due to the 3 muslim moderators :\\ ^ ), 
  i see that france placed their biggest plants as close to us as possible . 
   owen jones ban this sick filth . 
  you ca n't help but laugh at that sometimes . 
  it 's supposed to be about handegg but it was invaded ad infinitum, 
  maybe you guys should stop using american english internationally then :\\ ^ ), 
  \\  implying that anyone 's got time to read all of that shit, 
  except those times when labour won elections by 30 seats and 40 of their mps were scottish . 
  i like multiculturalism . 
  that 's why i want to preserve and protect all the different cultures , including the european ones . 
  globalisation and mass migration is going to make the world a much less interesting place . 
  did you ever hear about the soviet invasion of manchuria ? 
  directions are pretty easy though . 
  ( sorry for your aneurysms ), 
  i love how there 's a bunch of people trying to justify with the functionally non-existent exclusively gaelic groups when the obvious answer is right here . 
  germans are prudent and industrious , french are prideful and lazy . 
  like most autismal shut-ins they like anime a lot too , which is always japanese/english subs . 
  the scandis that is . 
  i think a good proportion of englishers my age can understand that too . 
  there are countless examples of royals losing their power for countless reasons , making stupid decisions being one of them . 
  i always wonder why people take the easy swing at the `` official '' elite with an obligation for public service instead of all the murky , shady actual elite whose only obligation is to their own pockets , who realistically have more wealth and power . 
  so are many , many others . 
   how can someone be able to stand above me , just because s/he was born and nothing else . 
  i assume that you 're a -10 hard line communist ? 
  you ca n't be a capitalist and hold that view . 
   the eu is located in the capital of a nation that has arguably the most horrific colonial history what ? 
  a war that nobody cared about during a depression . 
  everything should be in moderation . 
  i certainly do think that there is such a thing as too tolerant . 
  britney is a much more american name than anything else , but nice story otherwise . 
  i do n't think you really get the eu . 
  it 's not `` elect juncker and we leave '' it 's `` about half of our population wants to leave already , this will increase that number '', 
  i think his point is that battleships are useless and do n't really exist anymore . 
  you do n't seem to have a problem with people baselessly voicing their euphilic views . 
  is the gorilla warfare part still funny though ? 
  yes , we sure taught them a good lesson in what happens when you do n't bow to brussels . 
  you 're comparing nipping over to remove a despot in a 3rd world country with war against russia . 
  we can mobilise a lot more in the way or logistics if we actually need to . 
  footing the bill = subsidising your arms industry ? 
  til !, 
  genetics aside , pretty much anyone with the same circumstance as a modern monarch could perform those diplomatic duties . 
  their entire life is spent training to be that . 
  however , maybe the pressure and prestige which comes as being the ancestor of the ancestor of the ancestor of ... pushes them to be good at it . 
  being born into power is no worse than lusting for power , in my opinion . 
  does it though ? 
  from what i can tell , most states reduce the funding and exposure of their monarchies whether directly or indirectly when they stop being popular or useful . 
  they would still be privileged if they were not royalty . 
  so using that as a reason for it being bad is just nonsense . 
  he asked for what might happen , not what you want to happen . 
  there are many privileged people by birth . 
  very few of them are royalty . 
  \\  2014 \\  1024 \\  2410 people keep saying that it 's this year and i do n't know why . 
  0/10 you never had me . 
  never forget the 4 million . 
  sweden is going to have to take one for the team i 'm afraid . 
  nothing like an example to wake others up . 
  god damnit . 
  italy ca n't even protect it 's own coats from north african immigrants . 
  filthy degenerate . 
  is n't the voting booth where you make these statements ? 
  those silly nationalist voters getting tricked by the far-right hitler parties !, 
  us enlightened redditor students need to re-educate them and make sure that they vote for us ( which is not tricking ) . 
  lol . 
  rekd, 
  it does n't matter to us . 
  i do n't think i have heard the word `` fries '' for 10 years , then again i do n't venture into mcdonalds ' much . 
   i used to take pride in knowing and telling my european friends that scotland was a pro-eu beacon of light in an increasingly anti-eu rest of the uk . 
  but now that 's gone ... oh god , that 's why it 's so delicious . 
  yes , nhs workers , civil servants , policemen etc are equivalent to red-tape machines . 
  when you say `` we '' , you mean ... ?
