  the people currently in power do n't want us to leave . 
  i hate to break it to you , but people change as they age too . 
  there is n't a stagnant group of `` old people '' that are waiting to die off so the country can become labour forever and ever . 
  our legacy in 200 years wo n't be `` wow . 
  look how much economic growth happened back then !, 
  i suppose that the self-hating gay-loving internationalists that make up / r/europe are preferred ? 
  poor and uneducated people vote for labour in their masses for years : democracy at it 's finest , just fantastic !, 
  anything else ? 
  they must be lowlife brainwashed idiots . 
  you seem to be perversely proud of the idea of a large and authoritarian state bullying a smaller one . 
  agreed . 
  at some point we will stand up for common sense and patriotism . 
  ( it 's happening ), 
  false . 
  he forgets to mention that at least half of their supposed leftism is just contrarian politics . 
  snp would be far-right if it suited them . 
  because it 's about expansionism and power . 
   nothing new there , most places in the world have a large right-wing faction, 
  do n't forget continued massive immigration breeding them out !, 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  you 're right . 
  we should all live in london . 
  i 'm not a unionist so it really is fine by me . 
  unfortunately scottish politicians do get a large say in english matters . 
  it goes both ways . 
  london politicians do n't give a shit about scotland because of the endless shitstorm up there that guarantees contrarian politics . 
  why should cameron bother when it 's just vitriol and hatred for him up there , and guaranteed snp/labour anyway ? 
  i wonder if scotland will have to have actual politics when it leaves instead of just `` we hate the english lelele '' ? 
  you 're welcome , hans . 
  racism would surely be even less of a problem in truly homogeneous societies ? 
  relying/wishing on demographic changes just rubs me in all the wrong ways . 
  i have never heard of that expression before . 
  in britain those types are n't in the country . 
  antidisestablishmentarianism look pretty compounded to me . 
  remove johnny foreigners, 
  gulliver 's travels ( yeah i 'm claiming this one ), 
   i live in london now farage was right . 
  yeah i was focusing on flexible a bit much there . 
  it 's still better to use something like vulnerable instead of prefixing everything . 
  that reference just lists flexible and supposes that you can prefix it with `` un '' . 
  but you do n't , because rigid exists . 
  i have never learned dutch but i find it quite easy to understand actually . 
  i do n't see the problem there , unsecure and unflexible are n't words . 
  i do n't know what an irregular verb or a declension is !, 
  romanian detected, 
  complete rubbish . 
  i hate children . 
  i have noticed that it seems to be a theme not just in scottish parliament but everywhere that debate happens . 
  sweden is renowned for it 's hyper social liberalism . 
  which is interesting as it 's no more nordic than england, 
  downvoted because you 're anti-eu on / r/europe and that 's disgusting and abhorrent . 
  which is about as literal as undemocratic gets . 
  i have never heard of it let alone seen it . 
  nigel farage, 
  it 's meaningless because it 's ill defined and used in a lot of different ways . 
   you 're completely missing his point . 
  he 's not arguing that scotland is closer to the nordics than england culturally , genetically or in any other way . 
  nobody in scotland believes that . 
  he is saying that nordic countries and scotland have overlapping political interests and should benefit from cooperating via the nordic bloc . 
  this was a post that you agreed with . 
  which is it , culture or genetics or economics or convenience ? 
  so england should join as well then . 
  that 's a fairly recent definition of ethnicity which is n't generally used where i come from , and i think in most of europe . 
  i think that 's the sensible way to do it really . 
  it does n't hurt anyone and it preserves something important . 
  british is a pretty meaningless word these days . 
  that 's nice . 
  it 's not semantics , it 's a lack of detail . 
  so there/s no distinction between ethnic swedes and citizenship swedes ? 
  nationality : american ethnicity : polish it 's really quite simple . 
  then you should say `` i am ethnically irish '', 
  he said that he did n't want romanians migrating en masse here and that there was poverty in romania . 
  he also said that he did n't blame any individual . 
  you can legitimately be upset with a general anti-eeu sentiment . 
  the food thing has been debunked pretty thoroughly not only on a day-to-day level but on a culinary one too . 
  it 's pretty much an outdated stereotype akin to french surrendering and german humour at this point . 
  considering that all of those things are not only subjective , but subjectively bad , i do n't mind you saying them at all . 
  you 're not allowed to have friends that are n't us !, 
  neither of those are languages m8 , got ta be more specific, 
  it does n't look that hard to say, 
  i think i might have stayed with your aunt once . 
  is she about 160cm and 60 years old ? 
  all of that is true . 
  what 's your point though ? 
  you do n't think taking out a large proportion of a fragile economy could wreck it ? 
  protip : it could . 
  and even if it could n't , they do n't want to take any hit to the eu economy . 
  hence , trading will resume . 
  i guess it 's a mad situation . 
  if the eu cuts off reasonable trade with the uk it could literally spell the end for them economically , just as it could for us , although i think the snowball effect would hit the eu harder . 
  you anglophilia seems to be based on what we used to be , pre-eu and pre-globalization . 
  ukip are predicted by many bookies and indeed polls to win the european elections in the uk . 
  this is the same as plastic paddies waddling over to ireland `` muh heritage '', 
  i pretty much agree with this . 
  the lack of national identities to rally behind will make subjugation much easier . 
  not if they take their share of the debt . 
  guardian reader detected, 
  you can see black by it 's absence . 
  not the same with a black hole . 
  no , i am saying that anyone that looked at a black hole would be blinded by the light and would describe it as bright , in much the same way that the moon or a light bulb looks bright .
