  waaaaahhhhhhhhhhh, 
  it 's a stuffy restaurant version . 
  actual chippy versions will be anything but dry ( in a cholesterol kind of way ) . 
  i studied at a less-than-top10 uni in the uk and i can agree that cheating was common there . 
  it ca n't be that hard to set one up in somalia . 
  rekt, 
  i live in a `` town '' of 200k, 
  i doubt that she is paid by the government . 
  by the way , who is `` they '' ? 
  t. somebody that has never worked in the food service , factory , construction , landscaping , farming industries . 
  if you 're scum maybe : ^ ), 
  just ask anyone living in the rest of england . 
  that 's like protesting that americans worship washington . 
  and nobody says that race is equivalent to skin colour . 
  jf detected, 
  it 's very common these days . 
  poland , because they still have pride . 
  jealous of our celtic genes , klaus ? 
  wow . 
  sweden , i can see you 're doing your best to take the load off of everyone else , but i think it might be misguided . 
  yes , they ca n't be simply different groups of people with different ideas . 
  remember , folks . 
  cry `` racism '' and the problem goes away !, 
  you 're settling into this whole eu mentality rather quickly my friend . 
  there is a potential for the greek military to start shelling your neighbourhood right now, 
  just so you 're aware , the internet at large and certainly in europe is already censored , regardless of initiatives like this . 
  deutschland clears up this confusion for me . 
  the name `` germany '' should be abolished . 
  and now for swedish politics/media * swedish culture is embarrassing * all the refugees in the world should live here * rape is a state of mind * die , cis scum, 
  get downvoted son !, 
  this is / r/europe , dissent is for americans !, 
  society has somehow agreed that there is a difference between positive and negative racial discrimination . 
  agreed , please go . 
  hitler 's slavhate was mostly lebensraum/politically motivated . 
  he allied with a lot of them . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7bv-ryrtyq this is a decent example , or the townsfolk in hot fuzz . 
  i am quite proud of my rhotic bristolian accent ) ) ), 
  no , we are obliged to care a lot about scotland 's interests right now . 
  i support this . 
  england having direct currency control of scotland without any care for their interests would be fascinating . 
  there is not , unless you mean roman ones . 
  dae think that disliking islam makes you a nazi ? 
  are you saying that i can take a few thousand euros to serbia and drink rakia every day for the rest of my life ? 
  you 're clearly a racist . 
  wanting controlled borders is against the spirit of / r/europe . 
  halloween still is n't popular, 
  irrelevant ; the problem here is that they are both stated opinions and not facts . 
  we both presented them as facts as is normal in english discourse , instead of saying `` i think x is true '' we said `` x is true '' . 
  i demand that you provide evidence right now that what i said was a worthless post . 
  hint : you ca n't ; you have now learned something . 
  you 're seriously asking for evidence for backroom deals and politics ? 
  do you think that i am angela merkel ? 
  wow m8 i had no idea , let me go and google exaggeration to see what went wrong . 
  that 's some na\u00efvet\u00e9 right there . 
  just consider 1/10 of all the uk flags, 
  putting the flag in your flair is n't a sign of patriotism or anything more than identification . 
  truly a bastion of frenchness, 
  racism is extremely common in european societies . 
  you 're willfully ignorant if you do n't see that . 
  not that this is a particularly bad example . 
  agreed . 
  it makes him more popular in the uk . 
  you seem to have made a comment involving him ? 
  cameron came out far ahead in this . 
  in my experience red wine captures even more . 
  there 's always dutch ovens . 
  sounds like a quick way to depopulate russia . 
  but it already has existing ... people on every square kilometre of it 's dominion . 
  there 's no vacuum here to build a federation . 
  and then if the eu engages in predatory economics there will be tit-for-tat and a very unsavoury result . 
  he is `` from '' / pol / and i would wager is trying his best at a false-flag type of thing . 
  it 's probably working reasonably well , too . 
  this happens all too often on these subreddits . 
  you should be alarmed when you see an op replying to every post . 
  australia is by far the closest country to us culturally . 
  it would be unforgivable to not maintain closer relations with them, 
  never surrender . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they make a large amount of money from that situation as london is the primary currency exchange in the world . 
  i assume that you know that a currency 's exchange value does n't actually determine it 's strength . 
  god you 're salty, 
  usa is a modern country built around this idea . 
  how about it does n't get into all these aspect 's of people 's lives ? 
  poles are domestic issues . 
  argentina es blanco, 
  it actually makes a lot more sense to me for europe to be ordered along more obvious groups : baltics , uk , scandinavia , iberia , benelux , alpines , italy . 
  you have no `` sweden and greece '' situations , two countries that could not be more dissimilar in a union . 
  that 's an external portrayal . 
  if by the media you mean american media , i could agree . 
   `` by british we mean english '' annoys the rest of the uk . 
  same goes for that ... 
  i do n't know where people get all these anglophobic fantasies from . 
  it 's strangely comforting though . 
  i am aware that you were n't being serious , of course . 
  it 's just an incredibly common theme . 
  that does n't disprove my point though . 
  we are close to europe in every way and yet even closer to our fellow islanders . 
  only because it sounds better than `` ukish '', 
  acknowledge the ideas , the reasons and the process which took place . 
  hoist the flag of peace for all that i care . 
  i do n't even mind the eu flag being used particularly ; it was n't me that died for practically opposite ideological reasons to the eu .
