that 's from a different political era , and also a very niche , non-existent outside of very specific circles in moscow . 
  there are better examples though , but again not in the last 10 years or even longer . 
  that 's pretty good . 
  covers of the actual paper magazines like this ( as opposed to random anonymous online pics ) are absolutely impossible to imagine in , for example , russia , which i believe many consider being much less authoritarian and more ` westernised ' than turkey . 
  ` look , turkey is sneaking in , part by part ! ', 
  certainly many poles worked for much more than that , and i also agree that from the economical perspective immigration from the eastern europe had a positive impact on the countries that experienced it ( although not in every area , some demographics were clearly hit by it , but still ) . 
  yet claiming that 50 % of what the immigrants earned went to the welcoming state as direct tax office revenue is insane . 
  and anyway that flow was bidirectional - states from where immigrants came received quite a noticeable figure in remittances ( and that 's pure money without any added pressure on the labour , housing and any other market ) . 
  as far as i understand , in baltic states eu membership was very much seen in the anti-soviet context , as a form of protection and severing old ties , so i am not surprised with that figure . 
  taxation is nowhere close to 50 % for earnings around 8 eur per hour . 
  in favour of membership benefits but not as much of membership duties . 
  you are not alone though :(, 
  armenia population is one of the most homogeneous in the world , pretty much everyone living there is an ethnic armenian . 
  it is also quite poor and in a constant risk of a war . 
  what can possibly go wrong . 
  `` at the moment '', 
  most of that 10k estimate was achieved in much shorter time than 3 years though . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  i know that military-wise greece is doing well and acts more consciously than many other eu states . 
  yeah , if there is one thing greece can do best it 'd be spending money . 
  you might be right , but that 's a pretty big ` apart ' . 
  i have just checked the stats , lithuania is between djibouti and kenya in terms of intentional homicide rate . 
  must be the chainsaw massacre type of carnage going on in those few villages ( or the cities contribute fairly as well ) . 
  in the uk , for comparison , it 's more than 4 times lower . 
  at least you do n't have no-go zones !, 
  i think you are exaggerating about the welfare aspect . 
  were the recent terrorists unemployed or come from families on welfare ? 
  i do n't actually know it myself but my guess they are of a different social class . 
  welfare abuse is still a problem , but a different one . 
  it is true that it 's the second and the third generation of muslims which are more radical than their immigrant parents . 
  i think it 's also true that they have higher demands . 
  but i doubt the role of welfare in that . 
  not that safe , baltic states in particular have the highest murder rate in the eu if i remember it correctly . 
   the fuckin killer was basically being impromptu interviewed by some woman in the street after she watched him behead a uniformed soldier ? 
  i still ca n't believe it . 
  what would you expect that woman to do , apart from running away as fast as she could ? 
  or a man , for that reason ? 
  to overpower two people with weapons who are clearly ready to kill and to die ? 
  yes , that happens from time to time ( e.g. 
  those americans and a british man on the train ) , but it is far more difficult than it seems . 
  it always seems like a no-brainer . 
  `` look at this picture , there are only 2 security guards with guns and dozens of prisoners they are about to shoot , but if those prisoners suddenly run towards the guards all together only few of them would die and most would survive '' . 
  yet it never happens because it is really really hard , and everyone is afraid that if they run no one else will join them . 
  humans are not wired for that behaviour . 
  it takes incredible bravery to do what that woman did - to call the murderer out and to occupy him with a talk during which he is not killing someone else . 
  why would anyone want to move to serbia ? 
  i doubt there are kids who were born in the country or immigrated early and yet continue to have troubles with the language of the majority . 
  thing is , children are extremely good in picking up languages , they are wired for that . 
  i would expect a problem like this with adults who indeed may live in the country for decades without speaking much of the state language , but not with children of the school age . 
  the above does n't mean they integrate quickly or/and always , but there is much more to integration than just language . 
  honestly this is hard to believe ( although i admit that it might be different in finland ) . 
  what i mean is that marketing and programming are not the industries where employers tend to look at formal qualifications at all ( unless they are from very prestigious and well known universities ) . 
  do n't forget his bilingual dual citizenship family . 
  he could have played that card really , ` see , one does n't have to be a xenophobic lunatic in order to dislike the eu , there are many other reasons for that etc. 
  ' , but instead he knowingly continues to push that ` foreigner ' button again and again . 
  lets look at just the south east then , that would skew the figures even better !, 
  the most densely populated part of the part of the country , no joke . 
  they did indeed , but not on that scale and most importantly they did n't start it . 
  in fact , they were long reluctant to do anything still not believing it was a real war . 
  yes , but were they decent people ? 
  because they were !, 
  it is very important they were decent people who voted leave . 
  hard working decent people !, 
  you keep ignoring that very important point , why do you hate britain so much ? 
  oh i finally get it , brexit means brexit and it does n't mean non brexit ( as opposed to meaning brexit ) . 
  phew , thanks god you were here to explain !, 
  cheers mate , have another pint now . 
  the point is to remind there are almost as many remainers as there are leavers . 
  concrete conditions on which we leave might be massively different , so reminding that would definitely make sense . 
  right now leaving while retaining single market and freedom of movement would also do , thank you very much . 
  if you are against either of those , next time try having a referendum on the particulars of the exit deal . 
  i am sure remainers would be fine with that second one . 
  the purpose of sanctions is to keep russia busy with economic survival so it does n't do more harm , it 's as simple as that . 
  it is not unique to russia as i 'd struggle to find any example where sanction imposed on a country made its leaders to abandon a decision that triggered such response . 
  there are many examples , however , of successfully localising and containing the aggression that way . 
  if you are triggered , please take shelter at the nearest safe space . 
  `` to express their dissatisfaction with the outcome of the vote '' . 
  it 's a democracy , it 's fine to disagree with the majority . 
  british public would absolutely love that net migration figure !, 
  seriously , any tips on how to become poor asap ? 
  our government is doing their best in that sense though ... 
  really ? 
  russian and german cultures are quite different and learning german is definitely more difficult for a russian speaker than say english . 
  not having to re-implement things again and again between different states saves a lot of efforts and resources ( e.g. 
  in armed forces ) . 
  same legal framework for everything . 
  more opportunities to consider whether it 's where to live , where to work etc. 
  strong foreign policy instead of the current mush . 
  basically , the same reasons why the city you live in is not independent from the rest of the country . 
  i do admit that for this to happen people first need to agree willingly that they are europeans first and the differences are secondary , and this is not the case ( if anything , there is a very clear tendency for the opposite ) . 
  in the us they speak the same language and there are also many other important differences . 
  so it is more a hypothetical idealised vision rather than an actual goal . 
  same happens in any union . 
  england pays in more than scotland , london pays more than northern england etc. 
  in european union is it ( in my opinion ) fair to expect that the uk , france and germany end up paying more than poland , hungary and latvia . 
  question is whether the union is worth this sacrifice . 
  so i am on the opposite side really , i believe europe is not united enough ( i.e. 
  in the ideal world i 'd welcome united states of europe , albeit i realise this is not possible for many reasons - but just to give you an idea ) . 
  unfortunately there is no that ` one size fits all ' . 
  there is a bunch of nations trying to fit in comfortably while giving very few fucks about whether their fellow members are comfortable as well .
