  as a remainer in the uk , this was still my main problem with the eu , that pretty much all the member states want all the benefits without any sacrifices . 
  britain is one notable example , germany with its fiscal policies is another , and eastern european states ( which let 's admit it , were mostly allowed in as a favour to protect them from russian influence ) refusing pretty much the only way in which they can contribute are also not helpful . 
  sa under apartheid was n't exactly a dictatorship , it was an illiberal democracy . 
  with iraq , i think there still was a ` silent majority ' , e.g. 
  some shia still being fine with the regime . 
  i would say pretty much every dictatorship enjoys the support of the majority . 
  you might want to read bertrand russell 's the practice and theory of bolshevism ( available for free from gutenberg.org ) . 
  he explained those similarities 100 years ago . 
  it is also often overlooked that in areas with high levels of immigration such as in london there are more people who could vote while being of foreign origin ( naturalised or second/third generation immigrants ) . 
  they were much more likely to vote remain . 
  pockets of london that are white , british and older than average voted leave as well ( looking at you , bexley ! ), 
  so while it is true that white british ` metropolians ' are more in favour of immigration , i suspect that was n't the only reason why big cities voted remain . 
  they are the same enemy lol . 
  should n't you be polishing putin 's shoes right now ? 
  same here , i think that remain would win easily given the turnout would be equal as well , but this is not going to be the case ( so things are getting ... interesting ) . 
  this . 
  it is also worth checking what is the situation around the much advertised ( to russian population , by the government ) pipeline to china . 
  indian military contracts are doing better , but no better than before ( i.e. 
  still somewhat worse than a few years earlier ) . 
  lol , yeah , that 's why everything is fine in russia now and the economy is booming . 
  has n't happened yet , guess why . 
  moldbuggery is strong with this one . 
  i graduated from a russian uni in a city of about 300k people . 
  not a small city by european standards really , but not exactly big by russian ones either . 
  there was a visible presence of non-white students from vietnam , ghana , bangladesh and other poorer countries . 
  it is not that uncommon , but yes , they still did stand out in the crowd , especially outside of campus territory . 
  would ' t call that ` diverse ' though - they were all foreigners ( as opposed to russian born ) and did n't intend to settle in russia in most cases . 
  while i do n't believe that a critical part of financial industry is going to move out , it 's also worth mentioning that new york and hong kong have their own primary markets . 
  for them , the us and china are what the eu is for the city , so the argument that that they are not in europe is not quite applicable . 
  there are a few blocks in london that are heated like that as well , by both [ newer ] ( https://www.islington.gov.uk/environment/energy-services/bunhill-heat-power ) and [ older ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pimlico_district_heating_undertaking ) stations . 
  it 's best for heating purpose built blocks and towers though , which is also what most of the housing stock in eastern european cities is ( where this practice is much more common ) . 
  individual boilers are less efficient economically , sometimes very much so . 
  however , in countries like russia many prefer installing own boilers as well because centralised heating/hot water supply may be put on maintenance by the local authority in the least convenient time . 
  iran is many aspects more liberal than ksa , and also with a bigger share of its population that is pressed into following these rules rather that actually welcoming them , but not on this issue . 
  probably because ksa as a state is not so politically oriented against ` the evil west ' . 
  estonian government and civil services seem to be much more technologically advanced , but i am not sure whether that is visible in everyday life . 
  ok , i admit this conversation is going nowhere . 
  yes , it does n't happen in russia exactly in same way as you described . 
  to be honest , what you explained is quite rare even in the middle east , there are actually very few countries where this is possible , with most of them being failed states or areas of ongoing military conflicts . 
  and by the way , the victims of stoning in particular are primarily female adulterers and not gays ( not that it means gays have it easier there , but since you 're being so precise with the definitions ... ) you are completely missing my point , dodging the questions and continue to provide own opinions and feelings instead of facts . 
  frankly , i am not interested in further debate . 
  all the best . 
   any government or other semi-reliable source will do . 
  reliability of russian governmental sources is a joke btw , but okay , i assume this link for the murder i already mentioned will do then ( it 's from the government enforcement agency ) : http://sledcom.ru/news/item/586386/ a few more random links to homophobia related murders : http://www.currenttime.tv/a/27708680.html http://www.rosbalt.ru/russia/2015/12/02/1467299.html http://www.newsru.com/crime/28dec2009/3gaymrdescarestkub.html but once again , what are you trying to say ? 
  that russia is not like saudi or afganistan ? 
  no one is saying it is , so we can stop here ( and while we are at it , i heard the pope is a catholic ) . 
  or are you implying that russia is no more homophobic than europe ? 
  this is also not true , i see no sense in debating that . 
  or could it be that you agree that the level of homophobia in russia is higher than in europe , but is still acceptable for you ? 
  if so , i am not going to argue about your subjective feelings of acceptability , sorry . 
  so what is your point ? 
  mine was that stoning does happen in russia , albeit it is not institutionalised ( similar to honour killings in pakistan where the killers are also prosecuted ) . 
  i have linked a case which is literally that , a gay person tortured and then killed with a stone . 
  what are you arguing with ? 
  i did n't say it happens every day , i said that murders do happen and more often than many people realise . 
  what do you disagree with ? 
  as a russian speaker , i have much less trouble with ukrainian than with polish or bulgarian . 
  ib4 i am not one of those russian idiots who insist ukrainian is just a dialect of russian etc. 
  it 's just that they are by far the closest to each other as in the easiest to understand for an unprepared person from both sides . 
  ` prove me wrong ' , i like this approach . 
  prove me wrong , how about that . 
  i lived in russia for decades and i still follow its news closely as well as maintain lot of connections there . 
  i can send you links , ok ( hope you can read russian though ) - how many would suffice ? 
  give me a number that would satisfy you and would also not require me to waste too much of my time on educating a stranger . 
  if you are arguing that russia is not like the middle east in terms of homophobia , then no one is insisting it is . 
  but that 's a pretty low bar to be honest . 
  russia is way more homophobic than any of the eastern european countries , for example , and this is as bad as it gets among white people . 
  go live in russia as an out-of-closet gay , preferably not in the capital . 
  you 'll be denied jobs , your social circle is going to be marginalised , you 'll be very likely to be assaulted randomly , and your chances of becoming a hate murder victim are also going to be high , even though russian murder rate in general is already fucking high by european standards . 
  i agree deportation must mean deportation ( if the law says so - which , i still think is already hard enough in many countries , just not enforceable ) . 
  but i believe there is one more thing that ` ultimately matters ' . 
  if a bunch of people without any documents , food or money turns up , what do you do as a nation and/or civilisation ? 
  we 'd all prefer they stayed at home , but they did n't - some because of the genuine reasons , some just being economic migrants , but actually this is noise , and what matters is that if you do n't let them in they 'll probably die . 
  it is going to be a consequence of their own decisions and wrong assumptions , but they 'll die nevertheless . 
  now , you do n't have to take them in , and if you take them in , you 'll probably absorb the ` damage ' - but honestly there will be little , if any , benefit to you in doing so . 
  so what would you do ? 
  we know merkel and trump have different answers to this question , but i do n't think any of them is objectively ` right ' ( even though i personally sympathise with merkel 's approach ) . 
  so back to what matters - there is still enough people who are not fine with seeing other people dying because they do help them , even though they do n't have to help and they did n't ask them take the risk . 
  this ratio is quickly changing in the west though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_vladislav_tornovoy - there are many cases like this , linking this one because it actually involves stones . 
   touched_by_kek should 've noticed that earlier . 
  feel free to claim it 's fake news , mate . 
  what i mean is that making the visa rules even more strict is not going to help with this problem because those people are not coming in under work visas anyway . 
  i agree many of people who claim to be refugees are actually illegals because only about 30 % of those arrived in the last couple of years were from the countries with ongoing full scale military conflicts . 
  other countries such as pakistan might be a shitty place to live in , that probably is n't the reason big enough to be let in just because you turned up . 
  regardless of this particular issue , not everything that the majority is in favour of should be implemented . 
  if it is , the system is no longer called a democracy , it is a mob rule . 
  democracy is where you have to make compromises and everyone 's voice is heard . 
  every time i am baffled by comments like this . 
  getting a work visa to a rich european country is not easy so say at least . 
  in fact , it is pretty fucking hard as you 're required to have a secured high paying job , good amount of savings , higher education , or all of that . 
  uneducated poor immigrants everyone is referring to exist , but they are either : a ) not immigrants ( their parents or grandparents immigrated ) ; b ) citizens of other eu countries so visas do n't apply unless you go full uk ( you probably do n't want to ) ; c ) illegals ; d ) refugees . 
  it is not institutionalised in russia of course , but happens much more often than you might be thinking . 
  in the uk , polish is officially the second most spoken language . 
  as to the `` we are in the eu so it does n't matter '' argument , we know how well that worked out :(, 
  ukrainian is indeed close enough to polish for a ukrainian to be able to read in polish like you explained ( although not the other way around because cyrillic ) . 
  the distance is noticeably closer than , say , between dutch and english where people also can read in each other languages , to a degree . 
  however , it is silly to argue the distance between ukrainian and russian is even closer . 
  russians , btw , can also read in polish , but with a bit greater difficulties , and ukrainian with very few difficulties whatsoever ( spoken language is a different story but it is also picked up quickly in both cases ) . 
  i am a naturalised briton , so this is coming from experience .
