  you mentioned 3 cases , 2 of which are about attempts to deport people to active warzones/failed states . 
  the third has been in england since he was 14 . 
  now how exactly do * those * cases compare to a 90 year old woman moving to the uk for better living conditions/healthcare ? 
  or england , the netherlands , france , belgium , germany and denmark could work together using the dutch experience with reclaiming land and recreate [ doggerland ] ( https://friedfoo.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/doggerland2.jpg ) . 
  lower rent for one . 
  crazy idea here , if her party was really that popular it should n't have any problem running on donations/membership fees right ? 
  and there are millions more where she came from , just not white . 
  what / u/atomickoala just said . 
  why ? 
   what annoys us in the uk is that when the child is still a resident in the works home country they still receive this benefit . 
  if the child was here in the uk too it would n't be so much of a problem - but it 's this sort of loopholes that annoy the british public . 
  would n't like it much if they brought the whole though would you ? 
   it 's a bit odd too to be paying child benefit for a child that 's resident in poland . 
  would you rather they moved the whole family to england ? 
  well here 's an idea , tell british business to pay a decent wage and hire british people instead of going to some dodgy employment agency incorporated in malta and hiring a dozen poles . 
   dont even start . 
  considering it was germany that got them to come that tired old meme is becoming very stale . 
   and blowing sugar ( eu money ) so deep up erdogans arse not a single rotten cent as far as i know , not even the 3 billion we already promised halfway last year . 
  yup , dump the problem on the next one in line . 
   statistics referenced by the house of commons suggest that ** 0.26 percent ** of total uk child benefit claims are paid to eu migrants whose children live in another eu member state . 
  0.09 percent of all child tax credit claims are made by families with children residing in another eu member state . 
  why even bother writing the article ? 
  would you rather they bring their families over to the uk ? 
  what does this actually come out to in cash value ? 
  i have a feeling they did n't say because its probably a laughably low value . 
  for context , we have a similar thing going on in the netherlands with morocco . 
  it grabs a headline every couple of months and the right generally makes it out to be this big thing . 
  the actual cash value in our case is something like 5 to 10 million a year . 
  yet none of that actually gives somebody the right to declare their own country . 
  newsflash , natives did n't start that country . 
  hell they did n't even have a majority in the area when israel was founded . 
  30 % of the population was jewish , most were recent immigrants . 
   to be a net contributer one needs to earn # 36000 . 
  to the pound ? 
  i doubt it . 
  there 's nothing legitimate about a state founded on the idea that just because some distant ancestors lived there you have the right to start a country . 
   if someone is a serial killer foreigner then ya get that person away or better yet , jail them . 
  there are a disturbing amount of people who somehow find it rational to just deport murderers and rapists with no regard for the population of the country said criminals get deported to . 
  you realize of course that this is the opinions section which frequently features articles from a wide range of political leanings ? 
  the geneva refugee convention can perfectly cope with any refugee crisis ... as long as governments get off their ass on time . 
  instead of you know ... ignoring the crisis for 3/4 years . 
   yet he has now been told by the department of work and pensions ( dwp ) that his money will stop if he does not fill in the form . 
  so fill out the form . 
   dan said : ` i got # 118,000 for what happened . 
  does anyone think that 's adequate ? 
  no , unfortunately terrorists do n't have an insurance company who you can file a claim with . 
   i am in this situation because my government could n't protect me . 
  short of 24/7/365 surveillance of everyone and everything your government can not protect you against everything and anything . 
  tough . 
  i 'd prefer the occasional terrorist attack to a total surveillance state . 
   a dwp spokesman said : ` it 's important that people claiming employment support allowance receive all the support and benefits they are entitled to which is why , on occasion , we ask for questionnaires to be completed by the claimant or their next of kin . ' so fill out the form !, 
   dan , from abergavenny , south wales , told the sun : its interesting that he went to the sun of course since it is partially responsible for him having to fill out those forms . 
  the sun likes to harp on benefits takers , * a lot * . 
  and what do politicians do when a news outlet incessantly complains about benefits takers ? 
  create more paperwork and checks !, 
  except nobody wants to foot the bill . 
  everyone just wants to point at another country and say `` let them fix it ! '' . 
  `` let turkey fix it !, 
  they are next door ! '', 
  `` let greece fix it !, 
  they are the outer border ! '', 
  `` let germany fix it !, 
  they invited them in ! '', 
  etc , etc , etc, 
  everyone remembers that , nobody remembers the clarification from a couple days later that those numbers only pertained to december 2015 . 
  or you know ... the fact that frontex itself said timmermans was wrong . 
  timmermans or somebody on his staff likely made the stupid assumption that * only * syrians are legitimate refugees . 
  edit : you give out facts and you get downvoted . 
  i 'm not even going to blame stormfront at this point . 
  this is just what / r/europe is now , a cesspool of refugee hate . 
   now given that 13 % of syrian refugees have at least to some extent a positive view of isis  most people oversee that syrian refugees are predominantly trying to escape bombing by assad and not because of isis ( as someone stated earlier ) . 
  all about who they consider the greater evil . 
  if they got bombed out of their house by assad and never even met any isis troops why would they have a negative view of isis ? 
   most of them would have stayed in africa and the middle east if they had n't been invited . 
  yes ... 1.5-ish million people went to europe because merkel told them so . 
  totally realistic . 
  so when are they getting deported again to uzbekistan ? 
  which refugee camp would that be ? 
   swiss to vote on law aimed at expelling convicted foreigners * without appeal * that is worrying ... any swiss here who can talk about the legal system ? 
  how often do they get it wrong ? 
  maybe . 
  a boatload of cash , some cooperation and some goodwill can go a long way in a short time . 
  tl ; dr people want cooperation instead of endless finger pointing . 
  most other jobs do n't have the capability to crash the worldwide economy when they sneeze . 
  that will surely help . 
  que the mongoltage . 
  at around 1300 you can almost hear it . 
  `` lithuania stronk ! '', 
  i always suspected mordor was in iceland . 
  iceland . 
   even if this were probable , what about the enormous numbers of opportunist economic migrants which boarded their rafts in n. africa ? 
  a fraction of the numbers coming from the east . 
  not everyone coming from north-africa is an economic migrant . 
  i would donate to that cause . 
   ( i would be fine with paying for this from my taxes ) well start telling your government . 
  it seems it is content with taking in a handful of refugees and declaring `` we have done enough '' . 
  [ what about australians ? 
  ] ( http://edgetulsa.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/1343003229003.jpg ), 
  in any negotiation you start out high . 
   with the housing , food , free healthcare and schooling that turkey provides to the refugees ( as i am told by people on this forum ) as i understand it this is neither right nor wrong .
