   defending their countries from foreign aggression !, 
  * in afghanistan, 
  i do n't know if these fall under the same program as the unhcr one but if they do here are updated numbers , http://www.unhcr.org/protection/resettlement/573dc82d4/resettlement-other-admission-pathways-syrian-refugees-updated-30-2016.html, 
  salami tactics . 
  on the verge of winter ? 
  with , as it appears , no realistic plan on what to do with the people in the camp ? 
   campaign for freedom wants to ban qurans . 
  \\ #freedumb, 
  the glasses thing always strikes me as odd considering how much your face can change without them on , or even a vastly different pair on . 
  now you get it :p, 
  i need to wake up , pakistan is in the top 10 . 
  my apologies . 
   the fact that only 28 % are from syria entirely supports my point . 
  do n't have to be syrian to be a refugee . 
  and this is 2016 arrivals only . 
   edit : as has been pointed out i 'm wrong - the turkey refugee agreement was made in less than two years . 
  there is now an example . 
  there may be hope . 
  debatable , considering that its a response to a problem which has existed for longer than 2 years . 
  http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php neither ~ ~ pakistan ~ ~ nor morocco even make the top 10 ... 
  `` 10 months later '' `` libyan government/rebels/whatever spent eu money on murdering thousands '', 
  you think libya does ? 
   just today they burned down an asylum center * concentration camp ( original context of the word , not the nazi one ), 
  nah , rupert murdoch owns it these days . 
  though apparently the actual article is much better than the cover image implies . 
  remember that its owned by rupert murdoch these days ... 
  threatening tourism , investment , international aid and cooperation if morocco does n't submit to such an idea is bullying . 
  well its also a bit about dignity of the office thing . 
  there 's a difference between a mayor and a prime minister . 
  * media unemployment/employment numbers or gdp numbers generate less clicks than `` immigrants '' , `` war !, 
  '' , `` end of the world '', 
  did this include that offer from the hungarians from yesterday ? 
   either it 's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy , or the people running the sites have some sort of a fetish . 
  why not both ? 
  anyone reading this do yourself a favor and zoom out a bit . 
  the guy is touting a row of ethnic food stores on a busy road as a `` no-go '' zone . 
  hell that road probably sees more foot and car traffic in a day than most small towns in a year . 
  immigrant neighborhood ? 
  certainly . 
  but hardly a no-go zone . 
  so you admit you would be all for bullying a third party nation in to taking our problem off our hands ? 
   just to be clear , are you disputing the notion that poland is a european country ? 
  there 's a certain ideological group of brits who probably would n't consider anything south of france or east of germany as european in identity , culture or ethnicity . 
   they can register at the border . 
  if they 're accepted they 're allowed in . 
  if not , they are n't . 
  that 's how it should be . 
  sounds great in theory of course . 
  in reality it would be a big fuck you to greece and italy who would get all of them dumped on them . 
   what australia did is to stop those boats . 
  any credible data on that ? 
  or are they just getting stopped before they get to australia ? 
  maybe america could spend less time on fucking things up in the middle-east ? 
  we are after all bearing the brunt of blowback from decades of american exceptionalism . 
  its amazing how long people keep parroting false daily mail headlines . 
  not at these numbers and in a very unofficial wink wink capacity , any official deal like this will actually require the country that takes the deal to have some concern for human rights . 
  how many are are still in some sort of appeal procedure ? 
  turkey is a no-go , a processing center on turkish soil would immediately get flooded with the 2-3 million refugees in turkey . 
  and besides that , none of the north-african countries are stupid enough to think a deal like that does n't fuck them over . 
  this sort of a deal would n't be for a couple of years and it ultimately would n't survive consecutive member state elections thus eventually monetary support would be revoked which would leave any nations accepting a deal like this in trouble . 
  where exactly ? 
  in the sea or on the greek/italian beaches ? 
  or are we going to fuck over south/eastern europe and build them somewhere through europe ? 
  no more detached from reality than people who do n't seem to realize europe simply does n't have a location it could do this at . 
  there are no suitable non-eu islands in the mediterranean . 
  small-business owners with a spare $ 300k do not exist in africa , if they can spare $ 300k they are big business owners and corrupt as shit . 
  hypocritical assholes . 
  any numbers on current capacity ? 
   they 'll go to dedicated migrant camps . 
  pipe dream , turkey 's refugee camps only house about 200,000-300 ,000 of the total 2-3 million refugees in the country . 
  the ones lucky enough to be in one are n't the ones coming this way . 
   tourism is 80 % down there . 
  well no shit when half the island is a refugee camp . 
  not that the uk minds of course . 
   is there any progress on an australian-style immigration system for the eu or is that just never happening ? 
  physically impossible because of the lack of non-eu/non-turkey islands in the mediterranean . 
  i mean a sim card . . if it was a shiv or drugs or whatever , fine . 
  but its a sim card . 
  i 'd say there are probably much bigger fish to fry than hamza 's daughter in law . 
   i do n't think the chechens they sorta fought a war over it ... 
   they said that it was for the british tribunal to assess whether cs 's `` personal conduct constitutes a genuine , present and sufficiently serious threat '' to public security any word on that ? 
  you know , if shes actually dangerous ? 
  or is this just a case of attempted revenge by proxy on hamza ? 
  the netherlands is not a low development country ... 
  never make the mistake of thinking that core services wont be cut regardless . 
  edit : see 350 million to the nhs, 
  because they like the same type of overacted soap series with lots of interpersonal overacted drama ? 
  que somebody making a rant about the existence of sharia based * private * arbitration courts in the uk . 
  no no , these days its `` refusing to be politically correct '' . 
   every time i go to a friend 's house i pass by drug dealers , prostitutes and drunk arabs . 
  i understand why people are insurging . 
  thing is , would it be any different if it was an `` italian '' neighborhood with the same kind of income level and education level . 
  `` foreign '' is a bit of stretch when most of the people talked about have lived at least over half of their lifetime in the uk . 
   speaking against muslim immigration is `` taboo '' has n't been for a while now . 
  greece : `` no thank you , we 'd like to not go back to the 2014 situation '', 
   wake me up when its fair game to take the piss out of the dutch , or french or german working classes . 
  wake up !, 
  it is . 
  yes you can , as long as you also show metric ... 
  ours is a former playboy model at the moment .
