  wooden floors , oversized chandeliers , bare walls with 30 year old wallpaper , or indeed the walls with rugs on them . 
  live like the west ? 
  start by hiring a decent interior decorator . 
  the rare times i see something on the news about you the building interiors look so damn typically eastern-european . 
  edit , clarification : wood floors , oversized bling-blang chandeliers and bare walls with soviet era wallpaper on them, 
  how much is that in canadian rupees or australian dollarydoos ? 
  i can understand quoting bogus numbers but at least do n't just pull them out of your ass . 
   `` austria can not and must not become a distribution hub [ for refugees ] . 
  there must be an end to that , '' faymann went on . 
  greece : `` how the fuck do you think we feel ? '', 
  and it only takes a handful of dedicated nationalist lunatics to murder tens of thousands ... 
  obviously because one guy stabbed another guy they should all be deported right ? 
  same as when one member of your family commits a crime the entire family should be jailed right ? 
  same logic . 
  to the usual crowd here , tell me ... 
  if a school , any school , produces 10.000 law-abiding citizens and 10 criminals , is it your opinion that everyone who ever went to that school should be jailed ? 
   they got full in no time though . 
  as i said . . 
   finally , we will never be able to truly grasp what turkey does with the money , see here . 
  the shady idea behind that is to allow turkey to use the money for less humanitarian causes without requiring any form of eu investigation . 
  ridiculous notion considering its already cost them something like 9 billion . 
  this thing is going to cost them another 3 billion in the semi-long term anyway , regardless of how they spend this 3 billion in the short term . 
  logic and common sense perseveres !, 
  source ? 
  last i heard italy was causing trouble . 
  and may i remind you that a deal and secured funding still does n't equal actual action . 
   do they have a choice to be sent to a refugee camp what refugee camp ? 
  greece 's immigration centers have been full since 2012 . 
   support them in turkey and take them from there if you wish . 
  everyone agrees on this , problem is there is n't a single eu member willing to help pay for it . 
  so if i were to murder you i should get less than 10 years because some people in an otherwise completely unrelated case got 10 years for a completely different crime ? 
  you really should have clarified / month or / year in that first comment . 
  we both know 500k is a pittance compared to the cost . 
  and as for having fewer , simple case of being small enough to be less well known , same as ireland for example . 
  it may surprise you but the netherlands also gets refugees and i pay taxes . 
  yes , surprisingly , a group of people unable to support themselves cost money . 
  some leftover from the yugoslav wars i presume ? 
  dublin works just fine when you have tens of thousands of people coming in any given year , its a completely stupid idea to keep it in place in a situation like this . 
  and fyi , hungary was the first to suspend it . 
  no but merkel said something !, 
   the rest of europe simply wont have it . 
  does she honestly not understand this ? 
  you can have your closed borders when we come up with a collective solution . 
  hell with any luck we wo n't even need closed borders 6 months after we finally come up with a collective solution . 
  that is generally what one does ... numbers may go up they may go down . 
  but you know . . tell me , what words of merkel are responsible for the latest increase we are seeing ? 
   egyptian hieroglyphics http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-12-14/glyphs-reax/4428134, 
  i wish they would make some sort of sticky post with information at the top of every thread about refugees because i 'm getting sick of repeating myself . 
  one does n't have to be syrian to be a legitimate refugee . 
   i think most european people do n't have problem.with syrian refugees no i 'm pretty certain they do . 
  our big blonde friend in the netherlands being a prime example . 
   macedonia is allowing legitimate syrian refugees to get through and go on to europe . 
  these guys are not refugees . 
  not all refugees are syrian you know ... 
  even if we stopped the syrian civil war tomorrow it would still be years before the country is stable enough to return to . 
  or in other words , `` we need to make it not our problem and then maybe we can help others '' . 
   would n't it be better , more effective if eu financially supported those camps more than now ? 
  but we do n't and we do not intend to . 
  as long as that is the case i wholeheartedly support them coming over here . 
  those first 3 already make up over half . 
  we both know there are n't any numbers on that either way so it 's useless to speculate . 
  the unhcr good enough ? 
  only because most people , including you , are profoundly ignorant . 
  first off , 70 % -80 % of these people are coming from warzones and/or dictatorial hellholes . 
  second , say you are a `` young male '' and you and your family get your ass out of syria . 
  who would be the most logical choice to send to the west with the limited funds your family has ? 
  you , the `` young male '' or your 68 year old grandfather or 16 year old sister ? 
   i am not racist , xenofobic or islamophobic maybe not , but you are ignorant . 
  and what exactly does he say that needs to be said ? 
  that everyone needs to close their borders and fuck over greece ? 
  [ nuclear deterrent ] ( https://youtu.be/ix_d_vmkswe?t=23s ), 
   the problem is there are not enough room for all refugees understatement . 
  provided we finally start helping turkey ... 
  do everyone a favor and read up on the law . 
  for example , a man born in switzerland to immigrant parents 60 years ago and caught speeding twice in 10 years could be deported under the proposed law . 
  hes been in custody for two years , hes fast approaching the sort of jail time he would get even if he was found guilty of trying to join isis . 
  the tl ; dr of a lot of people 's response to this article , `` fuck off america '' . 
   it 's impossible to do the things hitler did today and get away with it . 
  on such a grand mechanized scale , probably not . 
  on a smaller genocidal scale of hundreds of thousands its perfectly possible . 
  certainly worked a lot better than everyone elses `` ignore it and hope it goes way '' policy . 
  be wary of any man who keeps a pig farm . 
   but it 's painfully obvious that allowing mass immigration into europe is untenable . 
  or as i said , we could do the right thing and at least throw some money at the problem . 
  i 'm happy to see there are some people who think of this the same as i do . 
  to any bosnians , is this organisation representative of the islamic community in bosnia or is this one of those state run `` official '' institutions that nobody listens to ? 
   the context was about not starving . 
  are the other 80 % starving ? 
  they sure as shit are n't living the good life . 
  consider for example that whatever stipend they get from the turkish government barely covers rent , let alone rent * and * food * and * schooling for the kids . 
   indeed crazy considering the amount of money all these states receive already . 
  by all means enlighten me . 
  but before you do , divide what ever numbers you find by 2-3 million refugees for turkey , 1.5-2 million refugees for lebanon and 1 million-ish refugees for jordan . 
  you will find that the word billion suddenly gets really really small . 
  take for example that 3 billion we promised to turkey late last year and have n't sent a single cent of yet . 
  3 billion divided by 3 million refugees = 1000 euro 's . 
  now consider the fact that minimum wage in turkey is about 400-500 euro 's / month . 
  now consider the fact that we have no intention of regularly or even semi-regularly paying that 3 billion . 
   and those refugees certainly wont starve unless they want to . 
  turkey does take them .
