   a complete mismatch for any other skill . 
  that is what a resume is for . 
  she had books to write , another person might be taking care of a sick relative , another is educating him/herself on programming , etc , etc , etc the majority of people are their own exception . 
  and for a certain number society would simply be better off giving them some money each month and otherwise leaving them alone . 
  the majority of people are focussing on the wrong subject . 
  the question is n't how we get people back to work . 
  there are not and will never again be enough jobs and the numbers will only decrease in the next few decades . 
  eventually we will have to make a choice . 
  either we go basic income or world war 3 . 
   if you do this for three months it will be a lot easier to get a job imo as employers can see that you can be trusted to turn up to things and behave properly . 
  oh save me that corporate bullshit . 
  a 10 minute face to face interview will tell you the same . 
  i 'd remind you that j.k rowling was unemployed and on benefits when she wrote harry potter . 
  because that job used to be a regular job and somebody got fired and is now unemployed . 
  the usual result of this is city workers who do green maintenance and such being fired and replaced . 
  whoop-di-doo ? 
  i 've gone from 8mbit to 120mbit without any significant cost increase in the last 10 years . 
  i hope you at least leave the rockets out of it in france . 
  i mean parading rockets around does n't really feel like honoring veterans to me , more like `` look how big my dick is '' . 
  i 'm sorry ... but seriously ? 
  blaming them for the actions of children they have n't even had yet ? 
  you know what the real problem is ? 
  nobody wants to fucking foot the bill for any of the proposed solutions . 
  patrolling the african coast ? 
  northern countries do n't want to contribute . 
  set up camps in africa ? 
  just a general `` well the eu will fund it '' , and then all the countries subsequently complain about higher contributions to the eu . 
  block the entire border ? 
  same issue as patrolling the african coast , the northern countries do n't want to contribute . 
  use italy as a sorting station ? 
  yea lets let italy foot the bill on its own . 
  oh yes they would . 
   others see the dark side of spain 's success . 
  mass unemployment , which is still at 23.7 percent , is simply not going down fast enough . 
  and youth unemployment is down to 50 % from a high of ... 54 % !, 
  what a great improvement !, 
  what is that squiggly line above cuba ? 
  i estimate we have at most 50 years to do this and get our asses to mars . 
  if we do n't do it we will end up exterminating ourselves . 
  scandalous !, 
  i propose we burn all foreign flags !, 
  command and conquer : renegade , multiplayer . 
  i fondly remember the 8 hour matches on modded servers where you could build automatic turrets and have obby guns . 
  ( if you ever played on st0rm you know what i 'm talking about ), 
   age of empires age of empires ii , multiplayer , castle blood automatic . 
  gentlemen , i have called you together here today to share my marvelous discovery with you !, 
  drum roll please !, 
  water is wet !, 
   promotes trade and investment vague capitalist bullshit argument . 
   and goes towards making a us-eu centred axis on trade goods and regulation nice in theory , in practice though i do n't see somebody starting a factory in the us/eu to build < insert random $ 1 item  instead of in china . 
  can anyone eli5 me on why we would need this treaty anyway ? 
  i do n't really see anything wrong with the current situation . 
  ah but the bunker is actually the other way . 
   you say `` default '' as if it would be a bad thing . 
  a default would be hard hit for greeks i saw a documentary/video a while back in which an old greek man basically said `` what could they do to us that they have n't done in the last few years '' . 
  how correct was he you think ? 
  in the case of a bailout would there be room for the situation to worsen for the greek people ? 
  i 'd argue its more sad than intimidating . 
  there is no sharia police , just a couple of idiots walking around in orange vests . 
   orange vests with the words `` sharia police '' depends on your definition of intimidating i guess . 
  it genuinely took me a minute or two to notice the difference . 
   or otherwise people at every party rally or even every campaign stall would be arrested by the truckload just for wearing shirts with their party 's logo on them . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  i 'd hate to be a stripper :p, 
   a german court says a group of islamic extremists who patrolled the streets of the city of wuppertal in orange vests with the words `` sharia police '' can be tried for ** violating laws against wearing uniforms with political messages . 
  ** i 'm sorry what ? 
   it auto-corrects to ` where is slovenia ? ', 
  sorta says it all does n't it ? 
  yes , an art exhibit and vandalism/politically motivated murder are totally the same . 
  i do n't know . 
  but the fact is that other than a couple of the subjects of this exhibition being muslims they literally have nothing to do with it . 
  edit : comparable case , http://articles.latimes.com/2004/dec/17/entertainment/et-hitler17 would you blame germans for an exhibit they have nothing to do with other than the subject of the exhibition being german ? 
  you could have bothered to read the article . 
  move on people , nothing controversial here . 
  just a bunch of weird artists being weird artists . 
   the venue is home to a theatre group whose artistic leader , christian lollike , courted controversy in 2012 by staging a play based on the manifesto of norwegian mass killer anders behring breivik . 
  or just weird artists being weird artists ... 
  well ? 
  lets hear it ? 
  must be the moooslims or regressive left right ? 
  or just maybe its a bunch of artists who are being artisty . 
  the same people who apparently staged a play based on breivik . 
   the venue is home to a theatre group whose artistic leader , christian lollike , courted controversy in 2012 by staging a play based on the manifesto of norwegian mass killer anders behring breivik . 
  free speech , freedom of expression , human rights , the rule of law ... 
  but hey by all means move to north-korea or turkey where something like that would happen . 
  read the article . 
  nothing to see here , just ordinary russians with a military fetish taking a vacation . 
   but i ca n't say that anything surprised me . 
  really ? 
  even the pointy end bit ? 
   the difference is that australians would n't move en masse to the eu to work illegally . 
  of course one might argue that the problem if that were to happen is labor enforcement , not tourist visa 's . 
  you realize outliers are always a thing right ? 
  the accordeon guy could play a russian bond henchman . 
  [ bullet control ] ( https://youtu.be/vzrfvtmrxrw ), 
  eureka , i vote we ban all americans and require licences for anyone who wants to import an american . 
   `` if the number of sex crimes had risen i would see a need for change . 
  but in the past 25 or 30 years there has n't been any rise , '' he told dw . 
  `` all i see are the political actions of a government trying , one year before a general election , to reach for an issue to satisfy the masses . 
  but objectively seen , i personally do n't see any need for action . '',
