   that you are refugee if you reach first safe country . 
  not bulgaria . 
   refugee status gives you place to stay to wait out war not to be a part of that nation for rest of your life . 
  a nice theory which often proves to be wrong when the war turns out to take a bit longer than expected . 
  syria is easily going to take a decade to get somewhat stable again . 
  in the mean time these refugees will see their kids grow up in refugee camps without proper education . 
  and he can do that in morocco . 
  you ca n't start rebuilding your life in a refugee camp . 
  how safe are you going to feel in an overcrowded refugee camp right over the border from a warzone ? 
   and demand be taken care of ? 
  people always say this but subsequently neglect to mention that it can take years for immigrants to get to a legal status where they are allowed to work . 
  or in the real world its just that the rent is affordable enough in that neighborhood . 
  deport illegal chickens ? 
   that you are refugee if you reach first safe country . 
  if you move from that country you are no longer refugee and you ca n't claim refugee status . 
  we both know that is a bullshit rule . 
  he did n't actually have any data with him going in to russia ... 
  i 'm thinking that 's a bit of a pr problem eastern-europe as a whole has . 
  i would n't be surprised if if their first thought with poland or slovenia is `` borat ? 
  for anyone wondering , french guiana . 
  indeed . 
  that little troll sarkozy needed to show his dick was just as big as yours !, 
  of course american meddling in the middle-east is directly responsible for our problem ... 
  farage would get to say `` see !, 
  now they want your money to support millions !, 
  vote for me ! '', 
  which is a nice theory but people like to get on with their lives instead of spending the next 10 years in a refugee camp * hoping * for the best . 
  because that would mean having to visibly spend money on the problem which will cost the ruling parties votes in the next elections . 
  benefits and housing and stuff can be done within existing frameworks . 
  money for a refugee camp would have to be openly and publicly appropriated . 
  all i can say about that is that it is so ... typically ... british ... 
   this is 100 % european issue and i 've got no interest in contributing my tax dollars to police europe 's borders . 
  how about you fight your next war on your own instead of involving us in a hunt for non-existing wmd 's ... 
  seventy ... well hot damn the sky is falling ... selfish czech bastards . 
  or just maybe they do n't want to spend the next 10 years wasting away in a refugee camp . 
   and once again our tax dollars go to solve a european problem . 
  just paying us back for helping you fight your stupid middle-east dick-measuring contests ... 
   turkey , a nato member , is according to babi\u0161 huge country . 
  `` a giant refugee camp needs to be set up there to the select between of those in need of humanitarian help , especially mothers with children , and those who are just economic migrants . 
  we are not doing this now '' , said the minister . 
  what do we want to bet his country is n't willing to contribute financially ... or indeed any eu country . 
  so far its always been a case of non border countries not giving a shit as long as the bulk of the migrants stay in the border countries . 
  because saudi arabia as always does n't give a shit and would probably shoot them when they try to go over the border . 
  no they are n't . 
  that is why they move on to other countries . 
  they have no future sitting in a refugee camp in turkey for the next 10 years . 
  what makes you even think turkey can accommodate 2 million refugees long term ? 
   when i compare it to the rohingya who might get their ships sunk in open sea hey if / r/worldnews gets its way ... 
  for the inevitable racists who come along , not immigrants . 
   `` i decided to go for a walk along the beach , and found two ** greek men ** who kept harassing me to go out for a drink , '' ms bradley said . 
  `` i kept telling them i did n't want to . 
  1 out of 4 people in lebanon is a refugee . 
  how many more do you expect them to take ? 
  2 million refugees in turkey . 
   why do they not find lives in turkey or lebanon ? 
  greece ? 
  italy ? 
  some will . 
   one does not simply travel half-dozen or dozen safe countries to claim asylum . 
  we both know that if they stay in a refugee camp in turkey , lebanon , etc their life is going to basically be on a pause for the next 5 to 10 years . 
  in that sense , yes you could consider them economic migrants simply because they do not want to spend the next ten years surviving in a camp , they want to actually get on with their lives . 
  all six ? 
  am i the only one who thinks 6 is a strangely low number for a dictatorship ? 
  praise gaben/linus/prophet of choice !, 
  the * final * solution ? 
  neither do overflowing migrant camps in italy . 
  to burn at a later date ? 
  or hannspree tv, 
  may your framerate be high , and temperatures low . 
  a lot of greek heroes got killed by the men who uttered those words though ... :(, 
  never underestimate the stupidity of a small minded people . 
   integration is merely a substitute for `` go to work , pay taxes , understand laws and administration , speak the language '' . 
  for a lot of people , yes . 
  but at the same time you have these relatively large anti-immigrant parties all over europe obsessing over things like hijabs . 
   learning the new language close to the level of a native speaker keep in mind here that no amount of willpower or learning can deal with certain accents . 
  that is just ridiculously ridiculous . 
  it seems everyone here is intent on ignoring the aid convoys . 
  you need to read up on your own history . 
  imagine if the rest of the world had thought `` we owe britain or its people nothing '' during wwii ... 
  what use is the law if it does not provide for justice ? 
  what are these people supposed to do ? 
  just sit in those refugee camps for the next 5 to 10 years ? 
  they have lives to get on with , they have children who need to grow up . 
   syrians that have crossed several safe countries to get to the eu , which strips them of their refugee status such as ? 
  overcrowded refugee camps in turkey and lebanon ? 
  something about anal sex ? 
  coincidentally this same map lists the likelihood of each country to be invaded by little green men . 
  its not really a thing anymore over here . 
  while we have a couple of parties which are traditionally church aligned none of them are likely to get a significant enough chunk of votes to exercise any real power . 
  up until recently the cda ( christian democrats ) were very frequently the largest party in parliament or the second largest and in that time we legalized abortion and gay marriage so yea . . as i said , not really a thing here for religion and politics to mix . 
   for example i am far from well versed on this particular issue but i 'm willing to go out on a limb and bet that a less sympathetic paper could create plenty of articles on the crimes committed by both sides . 
  and i 'm willing to go out on a limb and bet that britains conservative rags had plenty to say on that at the time . 
  now , finally , we get the other side of the story . 
  so fuck off you conservative prick . 
  because they are mostly run by people who are able to think independently . 
  you are implying things , how about you just come out and say it . 
   then i found out : at the last minute eam found out that churchill was in the building , and put out an order to call off the attack . 
  they 'd wanted to blow up the british command , but did n't want to be responsible for assassinating one of the big three . '' they should have blown the prick up . 
  how about nobody gets it and leaves whatever is up there in the ground ? 
  its a chicken - egg problem .
