   last that i checked i need to work in order to get those they 'd love to , turkey does n't allow them . 
  which they are n't getting and nobody is giving . 
  i 'm saying you can confidently say that the vast vast majority of the refugees in turkey are not on a stable income . 
  there are however always exceptions . 
  oh i know but if i say that i 'll get downvoted to oblivion . 
  ah yes because somehow you believe a million plus people came this way because of a few magical words . 
  there 's always exceptions , fact is most syrians simply are n't allowed to work in turkey . 
  safety does n't guarantee you a bed to sleep , food in your belly or a roof over your head . 
  the only difference between the streets of syria and the streets of turkey is less bombs . 
   who 've been living in turkey for 3-4 years on a stable income does n't exist . 
  i will cry welcome for as long as the member nations fail to get together and properly fund refugee camps . 
  go and inform yourself on the situation . 
  less then 20 % of the refugees in turkey are in a refugee camp , the rest of them have to make do with a stipend which barely covers rent . 
  and that 's the attitude which got us in to the current situation . 
  when there 's a massive refugee crisis happening just outside of your external borders it is most definitely our problem . 
  that 's still not an actual answer . 
  turkey ? 
  they already house 2 million or so refugees . 
  same thing . 
  i doubt they would agree . 
  there is actually an official resettlement process for people in turkish refugee camps . 
  it has managed to resettle a paltry 160.000 people since 2013 . http://www.unhcr.org/52b2febafc5.html notice the ridiculously low numbers most countries have taken in . 
  point is , our `` rational '' way of dealing with the problem has for the last 4 years been to plug up our ears , close our eyes and loudly shout `` lalalalala '' hoping the problem would go away . 
   do you mean where would the external camps be ? 
  i already answered that in this thread . 
  no you did n't . 
  you made some vague mention of `` non-european countries '' . 
  the honor of being our png ? 
  as i said in a different thread , rich syrians are either sitting in a hotel in saudi-arabia or they are buying eu citizenship in malta or bulgaria . 
   switzerland joins denmark in seizing assets from refugees to ~ ~ cover costs ~ ~ appease voters . 
  lets not pretend like such policy puts any kind of meaningful dent in the total costs . 
  so who do you want to dump that honor on ? 
  nothing . 
  just the same old policy of wait and see , hope it gets better . 
   this would work only in case of refugees . 
  current crisis is caused by immigrants . 
  even if they natively come from areas that are currently at war , most of them were already in safe countries and are now moving towards `` better future '' not `` safety '' . 
  can people please stop pushing this bullshit . 
  by that definition the only refugees in europe are maybe some ukrainians from eastern-ukraine who went to poland . 
   if there 's a country that will always have road problems , it 's russia . 
  and belgium . 
  i somewhat suspect they know this but just wanted to attach ahmadinejad to it for shock value but he was only president for the first 6 months or so of 2013 . 
  i repeat , the military never lost control . 
  he got elected because the military allowed him to be elected . 
  he did n't want to play ball so they threw him out again . 
  what people need to understand is that the egyptian military controls roughly half to two-thirds of the egyptian economy . 
  egypt is like a corporation , the ceo might change but everything else stays exactly the same . 
  ever wonder why egypt did n't experience the same problems as libya and syria ? 
  its because nothing really changed , the military was in control , it stayed in control and for the foreseeable future will still be in complete control of egypt . 
  point is , the military never gets punished . 
  not before the revolution and not after it . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  i 'll eat my shoes if the guys in that picture got any sort of reprimand . 
  [ he could start by cleaning his own house . 
   we need a long term solution , and your 's is n't one . 
  neither is a big wall . 
  source : http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2014/10/ft_14.10.15_berlinwallphoto.jpg, 
   situation in europe and the med . 
  and aegean is quite different . 
  how ? 
  if european countries change policy to `` get lost '' its exactly the same . 
   what is the long-term solution , the end game for people like you , that involves no border control ? 
  proper funding for refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan solves at least half the problem . 
  that leaves us with somalians , eritreans and a hand full of other north-african nationalities to deal with . 
  it looks like somalia is getting more stable so in 10 years that might be fixed . 
  eritrea would take actual regime change . 
   you stop a boat from entering your waters or an island . 
  you do n't escort them on their way back . 
  where they decide to go to in international waters is n't the job of border control . 
  [ resulting in a similar situation as with some rohingya refugees last year . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-32740637 ), 
   an eu naval joint force can most certainly do that , it does n't take battleships and aicraft carriers to stop a migrant boat for christ sake , it takes a speedboat with a couple of border guards on it . 
  stop and then what ? 
  you ca n't just legally dump them back on the turkish coast . 
   give to ukraine , or moldova , or belarus , or morocco . 
  they most certainly will accept basically free money to take migrants that they know will not stay there anyway . 
  no they wo n't . 
  especially morocco . 
  morocco is doing fine . 
  maybe in a couple of years , apparently the current guy is already losing it and some of the younger guys in line appear to be somewhat less dickish . 
  it would require us to make a genuine effort though . 
  i mean its not like a program like this is n't in place , problem is that its only relocated a meager 160.000 refugees worldwide since 2013 . 
  there was an interview on dutch tv a while back with a syrian refugee in a camp in turkey who had decided to wait for official relocation , his initial intake meeting to start the process was set for 2017 . 
   why not fund the border control instead and make sure they do n't enter because that means by default that we are dumping the problem on greece because its impossible to secure a thousand tiny little islands . 
   have a country like ukraine receive the turkey funds instead , and in return be the union 's door out my guess is ukraine would only take that deal if we give them a signed piece of paper promising them full eu membership somewhere in the next 10 years . 
  the problem with an australian type of solution is that europe ca n't be trusted to uphold long term monetary support . 
  feel free to write some letters to the relevant politicians . 
   he proposed that we abandon todays model and only accept pre-vetted refugees who after getting accepted in a refugee camp , gets flown in . 
  that would be somewhat unfair since less then 20 % of the refugees in turkey are in a camp . 
  there 's simply no room left in them . 
   did n't the turkey agreement cost billions sidenote , that 3 billion is a joke . 
  it barely covers 6 months and as far as i know was intended as a one time payment . 
   but plenty of states around it are . 
  pakistan is n't , iran has a combined million or so refugees from afghanistan and iraq and countries like turkmenistan and tajikistan do n't give a shit about refugees . 
   and even more states between it and the eu . 
  jordan , lebanon and turkey already take in a combined 5 million or so . 
   and even states within the eu they chose to pass through on the way to germany . 
  plenty of whom have seen fit to simply escort them to the other side of the country and dump them over the border . 
  lets not pretend eastern-europe is a one way street , plenty of those countries do n't want to take in refugees . 
  the solution to all of this is still as simple as it was 4 years ago .
