  because we waved away very real safety concerns so that some politicians could say `` see , we are working on the problem '' . 
   western europe let the burka become a common sight and that was a silly mistake . 
  you mean those at most couple thousand burka wearers in the entirety of the european union ? 
  ( eu , 500 + million citizens ), 
  maybe , just maybe , we need to keep a cool head and realize that a couple of million on a population of more than 500 million is n't worth all this bullshit . 
  i 'd almost prefer it over the pure ethno-religious fantasy some people here have . 
  huns , jews , turks , mongols , ostrogoths , all coming from non-european regions . 
  and if we want to get pedantic , our own ancestors came from africa . 
  [ hell go read this page . 
  humans always have and always will move around . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pre-modern_human_migration ) and in the long term there is n't a government , army or fence that will stop them . 
   from north africa ? 
  the origin is irrelevant . 
  your premise is that for thousands of years there was some mighty force keeping non-europeans from coming to europe . 
  the migration period , the ottoman empire and the mongolian empire prove you wrong . 
  as does the jewish population in europe for that matter . 
  and they were one of the most looked down upon ethno-religious groups for much of those thousands of years yet even they were relatively free to roam about . 
  you mean the thousands of years which saw countless mass population shifts ? 
  [ just to name one example ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/migration_period ), 
  nearly 5000 in nearly 12 months ? 
  either the number is wrong or the conflict can be upgraded to full on civil war . 
  so you want to pour more uncertainty in to an already decades long ethno-religious conflict ? 
   i guess we could try bribing some african dictator . 
  there is plenty to choose from after all who though ? 
  egypt and morocco are unlikely to with us on something like this , libya is n't stable enough and i doubt algeria or tunisia want to deal with tens , potentially hundreds of thousands of people . 
  so then boating them to africa is already out of the question , you 'd have to fly them . 
  i thought it was a spontaneous uprising by native ukrainians completely unrelated to russia ? 
  by now people should really be using vpn 's . 
  no that would probably be juan manuel s\u00e1nchez gordillo . 
  mayor of a a self-identified social-democratic and cooperative municipality in spain . 
  a declining ethnic russian presence in a semi-autonomous region which is not ethnically russian , who would have guessed . 
  [ i did n't know the french police still used blunderbusses ? 
  ] ( http://i2.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article7956395.ece/alternates/s615b/french-riots.jpg ) / s, 
  i realize you are joking but if you happen to have a genuine interest in digital information conservation come visit us at r/datahoarder . 
  [ i propose a remake of mystic knights of tir na nog . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zxcg26vz0bq ), 
   maybe that same president changed his mind once he looked at the facts and is doing his best to serve his country ? 
  in that case he should switch party should n't he ? 
  very much an eastern-european thing i think . 
  i ca n't remember ever seeing it in the netherlands . 
  basically if i 'm watching a video of something and there is a carpet on the wall i instantly think `` eastern-europe '' . 
  so is this a case of `` we 'll be repeating this until its impossible to separate fact and fiction '' ? 
  also , you ca n't just say `` source eurostat '' and then not link your damn source . 
  i took the 2014 numbers from wikipedia and added 1 million just in case . 
  by all means list your source . 
  so that 's 64.7 million natives against 10-11 million non-natives . 
  and that 's literally lumping in everyone with non-german grandparents in the non-natives section . 
  including poles , italians , senior citizens , babies , etc , etc , etc coupled with the fact that a fair number of the non-native immigrant groups do n't generally get along well , have no central organisation and other than balkan wars era ak47 's have no way to get any armaments much less take out drones or tanks . 
   and possibly a civil war in the future . 
  between who exactly ? 
  yes , merkel caused the syrian civil war and the rise of isis . 
   its crazy that we let eritreans have automatic asylum for this reason . 
  tell me , would you oppose automatic asylum for north-koreans ? 
   that is not true of the iraq-iran war , which took place during the 80s and was a much bigger conflict than the later algerian civil war . 
  and was by and large a border war , not a war with an international terrorist group which controls a third of syria and a third of iraq . 
  yet the ones most complaining and ranting about this situation are in countries with few or no refugees or live in cities with few or no refugees . 
   i do n't get it , are you purposefully lying or sincerely delusional ? 
  500 + million population , a million-ish refugees , two at most . 
  who 's the delusional one ? 
  so why , pray tell , do they want this ? 
  anything stopping them from applying right now ? 
   if you want to know how lost europe is , how thoroughly it has abandoned freedom of speech , get this : two french music festivals have banned eagles of death metal , the american rock band whose gig at the bataclan was turned into a bloodbath by isis last november , after the lead singer said some dodgy things about muslims . 
  or alternatively , they were banned because the lead singer is spreading conspiracy theories about how staff at the theater was in on the attack . 
  edit : is that website the british version of fox news ? 
  the comments are even worse than in your average islam/immigration related topic on r/europe . 
   hmm , the voters are not reacting well to the millions of muslims pouring into the country but at the same time we need to undermine the voters ' homogeneity . 
   let 's pay turkey to keep the hordes in turkey but at the same time offer turkey visa free travel so they can undermine europeans homogeneity and it will look like we are doing something to block the asylum spoofers . 
  yes because tourist visa 's allow you to live and work in the eu ... 
  do we know anything other than what is basically a notice of appearance ? 
  * detained * , not prosecuted or even convicted . 
  or you could go in to the youtube players options and set the subtitles to auto translate . 
  and shifts it to either greece blackmailing the eu with migrants or the eu eventually fucking over greece in regards to supporting said migrants . 
  i assume the greek police is going to have a fun filled day ? 
  anyone who stayed home on both sides is going to feel very bad tomorrow . 
   the founding members of the cdu consisted primarily of former members of the centre party , german democratic party , german national people 's party , and german people 's party . 
  many of these individuals , including cdu-berlin founder andreas hermes and future chancellor of germany konrad adenauer , were imprisoned for the involvement in the german resistance during the nazi dictatorship . 
  turkey has literally been trying to get in since before the eu was the eu . 
  fyi , the auto-translated english subtitles are surprisingly understandable . 
  now , now is the word missing in your comment . 
  a lot of shit can change in 20 years . 
  why would that be ? 
   penny mordaunt : `` we 're not going to be consulted ... they are going to join , it 's a matter of when '' maybe in 20 years and not with erdogan at the helm ... stop this damn fear mongering about turkey joining the eu tomorrow . 
  so your labor party is leftist and your socialist party is centrist ? 
   and even for the communists ( pvda ) your pvda is still actually leftist ? 
  you should read up about politics in ohio ... that said that has far more to do with the mormon part than it has to do with the polygamy part . 
  do n't kid yourself , there are plenty of assaults at oktoberfest each year regardless of immigration circumstances . 
  look at my post , look at some of the other replies . 
  then revisit your comment . 
  reading comprehension is n't your strong suit is it ? 
  as i said earlier about poland , western values my ass . 
  who , what ? 
   somehow , i do n't think pickles are parts of shawarma tho ... 
  neither are cut off match heads or corked bottles i think ... 
  that would explain why you nicked ours during wwii , you were just angry that we stole your invention . 
  `` that 's hedley ! '', 
  could you at least bother with a translated tl ; dr. . . 
  something something game of thrones joke and winter is coming . 
  yesterdays post for context , https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4k32qa/roosendaal_nl_terrorist_cell_planned_to_attack/, 
  hey !, 
  we exist and you still need our subs to hug the coastline , regardless of your carriers !,
