  instead we ignored the problem and the unhcr and other aid orgs had to literally come begging for funds . 
  result , food budgets have been cut by 50 % over the last couple of years and less then 25 % of the refugees in turkey are housed in a camp . 
  and people wonder why they head this way . 
   yes we should help financing the camps  after the turkish border they do n't flee guess why they are n't staying in turkey ? 
   but we have no responsibility for anything in the middle east . 
  that changes literally nothing about the reality of the situation . 
  except france is at least partially responsible for opening the gate . 
  re : south-america , there 's this massive big ocean ... 
  we spent 4 years ignoring the problem , now it has reached our doorstep . 
   it is how politicians will ~ ~ protect their ideological hobby 's while ~ ~ scrap ~ ~ ping ~ ~ essential services . 
  which also includes case workers , legal representatives , staff at refugee centers , etc , etc , etc. 
   and a part to refugees vamps in turkey and lebanon . 
  too late for that . 
  what people do n't get is that all this massive refugee migration to europe is the direct result of the fact that we were stingy in supporting the unhcr and other aid organizations . 
  [ have fun  ] ( https://youtu.be/on-3i315hce ), 
  i 'm sorry i did n't notice your flag at first . 
  how did a russian shill become moderator anyway ? 
  edit : i 'd really like to throw some insults your way for mh17 but that would probably get me banned . 
  its not ethnic cleansing or violence against minorities , it is violence against a bunch of idiots attempting to create another russian enclave . 
   russia is not going to recreate ussr . 
  it 's a silly notion . 
  is it ? 
  transnistria , donetsk , abkhazia , south-ossetia , crimea next up ? 
  a land bridge between transnistria , crimea and russia ? 
  a declaration of autonomy by mercenaries . 
   the new regulations led to warnings that farmers were being forced to become part of the `` eu propaganda machine '' in the run-up to a referendum on britain 's membership . 
  or they could you know ... not take the money ? 
  [ this is a comedic video , not intended to be taken seriously . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/a5gg7gdk5qk ), 
  so far all you have done is insulted people instead of offering evidence to the contrary . 
   one victim of the virginity tests , who was too scared to reveal her identity , spoke to the programme using an actress ' voice . 
   `` sara '' said she was forced to get engaged to her cousin when she was just 13 ** by her deeply christian family ** and her parents made her undergo a virginity test at 15 . 
   this is how an eu member acts , trying to shift the blame for the severe circumstances on slovenia . 
  i 'd point out that pretty much every country in the immigration chain tries to shift the burden on to the next one ... 
  the unhcr has had to cut food budgets in half in the camps it runs . 
  `` oh but these regulations are n't supposed to hit people like this ! '' '', 
   and provided with food and all the necessities . 
  guess why they leave turkey ? 
   extraterritorial eu run camps in 3rd countries . 
  the same thing australia does . 
  mind you , the unhcr has to practically beg member nations for cash to run the current refugee camps ... 
  does n't actually solve the problem though does it ? 
  better question , where 's the proof that he is ? 
  no he was n't . 
  no he was n't . 
  not really, 
  no he was n't . 
  by the definition of people like you the only legitimate refugees would be some ukranians from eastern ukraine ... 
   dublin ii is a joke , it 's shitting on the poorer border countries while protecting the wealthy core . 
  i completely agree . 
  its impossible to secure hundreds of little islands . 
  not really . 
  often slaughtered with a combination of both though for practicality . 
  that would mean missing a significant chunk of the meal ... 
  how exactly ? 
   you have to guarantee all meat is from animals killed by a certified halal butcher . 
  this is already the default in many cases . 
  a lot of meat is processed as halal/kosher without you even knowing it . 
  well hello mr. h. itler, 
  here 's a nice tl ; dr for people uninformed about the situation . 
  5 years ago , most refugees heading to/staying in turkey , lebanon , etc. 
  2-3 years ago , italy and greece starting to feel the weight , request help in dealing with the situation , other member states ignore it . 
  and then this year the problem finally landed on the doorstep of the other member nations and now suddenly its a world ending problem . 
  during those 5 years the unhcr and other aid organizations have begged for increased monetary support to deal with the refugees in turkey , lebanon , jordan , etc but they typically only receive half of what they need and only after literally begging for it . 
   not only the states with outer border . 
  hey now we have n't spent 5 years ignoring that problem to just suddenly acknowledge it now . 
  indeed . 
  that does n't mean the two are unrelated . 
  lebanon is a pressure cooker , turkey and the refugee stream to europe are the outlets . 
  question . 
  lebanon , a quarter to a third of the population consists of refugees . 
  what help there is in lebanon is massively underfunded and overburdened . 
  how long do you think lebanon is going to stay stable while we keep stalling and hoping the problem goes away ? 
   we are a continent of enlightenment , humanism and the open society , an avantgarde of humanity , not a lunatic asylum . 
  six months ago i would have agreed with that . 
  not anymore . 
  ah yes , dump a million people back in to an unstable region , great idea . 
   but we all know thats not what going to happen i can sorta get that they do n't want to put their lives on hold for the next 10 years and sit in a tent * hoping * that everything calms down . 
   majority of them isnt even syrian afaik one does n't have to be from syria to be a refugee you know . 
  not you , the buk manufacturer, 
  to be blunt , fuck you . 
  you do realize its this in the eu but not in the eu thing which is causing people to feel negative about britain right ? 
  not really . 
  they stopped many 3-4 years ago . 
  then they asked other member nations for help in doing so . 
  and the other members gave them the finger . 
  indeed , the roman emperor just forced everyone else to adopt it . 
  oh come on , we both know this is entirely on the member states . 
  or more specifically , england , germany , france and the netherlands . 
  we were more then happy to * ignore * the problem when it was just affecting greece and italy . 
  [ kenny b - paris ] ( https://youtu.be/jlhz_z8sums ) [ lyrics in dutch and english ] ( http://lyricstranslate.com/en/parijs-paris.html-1 ), 
  i say blow up the bridge to prevent any little green men from crossing it . 
  which we both know is an unrelated issue ... 
  which they presumably bought with their own money ... so ? 
   have the police round them up , ship them back , and help turkey better fund the camps and the police needed to keep them there . 
  that last little bit is the problem . 
  turkey knows europe ca n't be trusted to make a long lasting commitment to help fund the camps . 
  if something like this happens you can bet your ass funding from european countries dries up after elections . 
   on who they feel is responsible ? 
  same as from the start , the rebels and by extension russia .
