  is it ? 
  protestant british descendants fearing catholic takeover ? 
  hell this was a thing as late as the 60s when people genuinely feared kennedy would be the pope 's puppet . 
   all fairly culturally similar . 
  the greatest case of historical revisionism of our time . 
   and each of them still met with problems . 
  not least of which was simple xenophobia . 
  of course one might , before jumping on the `` ha this guy is stupid ! '', 
  train , read the reply he posted to the other guy who made nearly the same comment as you did . 
  so the italians , germans , poles , irish , etc never immigrated to the us in your world ? 
  infighting killed it i think . 
   history has shown ( every country that has ever experienced mass immigration to an already established population ) that these people are not ever likely to integrate . 
  america does n't exist in your world i take it ? 
  remember , their leader would rather condemn a man giving the vinger to a bunch of neo-nazi 's than condemn the neo-nazi 's . 
   absolutely fascinating . 
  usually ends up being a scam or complete failure though . 
  if you have to ask the question there is no answer you would accept . 
  any answer i could give you comes down to `` because its the right thing to do and its the sensible thing to do '' . 
  i 'm not going to elaborate beyond that simply because people who think like this :  why do citizens have to pay `` solidarity '' tax for some total strangers ? 
  do n't care that its the right thing to do and are utterly incapable of understanding why its the sensible thing to do regardless how many times you explain it . 
  you could n't have given me a better example . 
   earlier this day someone posted that mutti merkel wants to secure her place in history somebody pretty much does that every day on this sub . 
   actually i am in favour of a solution where safe places in their home countries or neighboring countries are being used . 
  the countries may also benefit economically for it . 
  the main problem with this solution is that a lot of countries refuse to pay the solidarity tax which would enable such a solution . 
   instead of making a decision under haste . 
  we knew this was coming long before it showed up on our doorstep . 
  for whatever reason eu member nations are utterly incapable of working together on solving the immigration crisis . 
  nah this is just le pen 's latent antisemitism surfacing again . 
  remember , dear old dad said the holocaust was a mere ` detail ' of history . 
  no point arguing with a deaf man . 
   not one country in the eu said no to war refugees bitch please we outright ignored that there were any until they literally showed up on our doorstep . 
  such as ? 
  you realize of course that there is a difference between doing something and doing nothing , building a wall , plugging your ears and going `` lalalalala nothing going on outside this wall '' . 
  instead of doing something , anything . 
  hungary has preferred to either kick refugees right back over the border , busing them to the other side of the country and dumping them over the border with austria or flat out building a wall and otherwise ignoring the problem completely . 
  at least make a token effort beyond the pitiful 100 spots you have provided for official resettlement of syrian refugees . 
  does n't actually solve a problem of course , just shifts it somewhere else ... 
  have at it then , pronto . 
  6 months from now : `` museums in trouble due to budget hole '', 
   this is ~ 0,1 % of all the cities in france . 
  but from my understanding also 99 % of the riviera . 
  well for one its a product from australia so you 'd have to start specifically screening for it . 
   it 's not only applied to burkinis . 
  it 's applied to all religion . 
  you show me a case of a nun being forced out of her habit and i 'll believe you . 
  coincidentally it was later discovered that there very likely was n't a burkini in sight and it was just two groups of assholes being assholes . 
  see that just look awesome . 
  and the slope becomes ever more slippery . 
   madonna , who 's obsessed with staying out of the sun , wears similar outfits when she goes swimming and nobody bats an eyelid . 
  form fitted vest and long shorts are somewhat different to a burkini . 
  i guarantee you if madonna were to show up on the beach tomorrow in a burkini the tabloids would lose their mind . 
   if that were the case , this outfit would be popular with women everywhere ever consider it might not be popular because of the reaction they would get ? 
  it might surprise you but people have a right to be as uncomfortable as they want . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/8464398/nigellas-burkini-proves-women-cant-win-on-a-beach.html and the reason its not widespread is exactly because of the types of responses you see in this thread . 
  the word `` paranoid '' comes to mind . 
  never . 
  its another in a long line of ploys to gain even more exceptions . 
  * yet * primarily because it is now clear to the markets that the uk govt intends to drag this out for as long as they can, 
  do n't forget the best one of them all `` judeo-christian values '', 
   a study carried out by the federal office for migration and refugees in 2009 , and reported by spiegel magazine , found that more than two-thirds of muslim women in germany did not even wear a headscarf . 
  and the amount wearing actual burka 's can usually be numbered in the couple hundred regardless of which country you look at . 
  i was recently rejected from a vacancy i applied for because i did n't have enough experience , even though the vacancy specifically asked for people with 2/3 years experience and i have 2/3 years experience : /, 
  bad wording on my part , yes . 
   frauke petry , the leader of populist party afd , swiftly condemned mr gabriel 's gesture , calling him the `` unworthy vice chancellor '' in a facebook post . 
  as opposed to condemning the people who were screaming he should act more like his nazi father ... 
  so because some might be pressured or even forced to wear it by family surely the best solution is for us to force everyone not to wear it . 
  [ i 'm left wondering how the french will react if the facekini ever becomes a thing outside china . 
  ] ( http://www.ecns.cn/visual/hd/2014/08-08/u491p886t15d45542f104dt20140808150731.jpg ), 
   but villeneuve-loubet mayor lionnel luca had a different argument , saying swimming `` fully dressed ... ( was ) unacceptable for hygienic reasons . '', 
  mind you , in the ocean no less . 
   like what ? 
  let them follow a ` course ' on western lifestyle ? 
  no , not them . 
  their children however ... 
  quite frankly in the age of plastic surgery , hollywood grade masks and hipster beards we really should n't be going by face anymore . 
  edit : as i said , http://gizmodo.com/5682202/old-white-airline-passenger-turns-into-young-asian-man-mid-flight, 
  i 'll admit i 'm not a very sociable person and i do n't get out much but i really ca n't remember the last time i 've seen a burqa , if ever . 
  its the same guy ... 
  thing is , once you have a ( official ) refugee on your soil you are responsible for him/her . 
  possibly for a long time . 
  there are elections coming up in a number of eu member states which might well result in governments which would reject supporting refugees in greece or < insert island x  . 
  a dumb and ignorant populace is no more or less dangerous for democracy and prosperity than a corrupt out of touch elite . 
  the two equally work towards the downfall of civilization . 
  we already stuck the problem on them once . 
  they are n't stupid , why would they voluntarily allow us to stick the problem on them again . 
  they would have to rather quickly start educating translators on chain of evidence procedure and stuff like that ... 
  besides that , i think most arabic translators are kinda busy in germany these days . 
  one presumes they actually have enough forensic it guys with a working knowledge of arabic to do this right ? 
   yet polling shows no ` bregret ' -- a yougov survey earlier this week showed 52 % of voters think leaving was right and 48 % wrong , mirroring the referendum result . 
  voters , it appears , were confident in their initial analysis . 
  how many of those voters are still convinced the 350 million is real ? 
  spanish , english , chinese in no particular order . 
  pickpockets though ... 
  loaded question , many people 's first thought would n't be an imminent invasion of their countries own soil but instead fighting in some far away conflict in africa or the middle-east at the behest of foreign powers . 
  you can not shut down every event or location where more than a hundred people gather . 
  unless that license specifically lists items which must be for sale it is complete bullshit . 
   so i 'm votting for the party that is willing to tackle the biggest problem and wo n't ignore it like other parties . 
  what is their proposed solution and how realistic is it to implement it ? 
   but i ca n't live with a society that is falling apart it is n't .
