   syria is a war-zone . 
  they went to a war zone . 
  so do thousands of journalists , aid workers and all sorts of other people not intent on being a terrorist . 
   but every terrorist who committed attacks on french soil was known to our intelligence services . 
  do we have actual conformation on that ? 
  border controls = / = thoroughly searching car, 
  not my fault if you intentionally misunderstand me , i was clear enough . 
  what 's the point though unless you also thoroughly search the car ? 
  we now know most of the perpetrators had european passports . 
  the traffic numbers do n't account for a passport check though . 
  if you take the current amount of traffic and make each car wait a minute or two its going to be a disaster . 
  people need to ask themselves if they want to spend 3 hours at a border crossing on a busy day ... 
  from sweden to turkey its one long line of blaming each other . 
   carried out by icm for ** russian news agency rossiya segodnya **, 
   and some just pretend it 's not their problem until they start knocking at their door . 
  pretty much the entire cause of the refugee crisis . 
   16 % of french citizens support isis , poll finds yet only 8 % of the population is muslim . 
  so , either the poll is wrong or some 5 million atheists and christians support isis . 
  that is even assuming that every single muslim in france supports isis . 
   you 've hit your limit of 5 free articles this month . 
  which is n't anywhere near 16 % , so either you and / u/wingoer are bad at math or you are making up numbers . 
   `` does germany have the right to put the security of other nations in danger ? '', 
  likewise , does germany have a right to patrol other countries borders ? 
  then shut up . 
  dead and bombed he is another name on a list , convicted and jailed he serves as a constant reminder of what might happen to those who wish to emulate him . 
  that could be belgium . 
  realistic point of view , refugee camps are overcrowded , underfunded and house only a fraction of the refugees . 
  they were in a war so of course they are n't allowed to feel happy . 
   the reasons are much much deeper . 
  and his name is erdo\u011fan, 
   if they do n't have a library card , they can go to the library and get one . 
  which requires a valid id . 
  pvv voter i 'm guessing ? 
   ever heard of this thing called books ? 
  games ? 
  they could go to a library and study . 
  starting with the fact they do n't know the language they also do not have a library card . 
  i think your not quite getting the seriousness of what you are suggesting . 
  eritrea is sometimes also called the `` north-korea '' of africa . 
  [ admiral michiel de ruyter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michiel_de_ruyter ) , among other things he commanded a fleet which sailed up the thames , captured the hms royal charles and towed it back home . 
  i read all the replies to this comment in his voice ... 
   they can appeal their deportation from their home country . 
  from a prison camp ? 
  eritreans who leave the country without permission are considered traitors . 
  are you proposing we send people back to eritrea ? 
  lebanon : `` start complaining when a quarter of your population is refugees '', 
   instead of showering both of them with money if only , the entire problem started when we ignored requests for help with building and funding refugee camps in turkey and lebanon 4 years ago . 
   i guess nobody explained that to them the root cause of many many many issues . 
  i can sympathize , the teacher who cooked on our week long school camping trip only made spaghetti and macaroni . 
  you say that now , try it for 4 months . 
   as has been said before : there 's even a case to be made that every refugee that crossed into europe , after they set foot on e.g. 
  turkish or lebanese soil , is no longer a refugee but a migrant . 
  not really . 
  both countries are overwhelmed and underfunded in their efforts to deal with the refugees . 
  imagine if civil war broke out in germany and 4 million germans would come to the netherlands as refugees , that is what lebanon is dealing with . 
  [ would you be content with standing in line for food like this every day while hoping you do n't get bombed ? 
  ] ( http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2014/03/20/yarmouk_custom-cf646e75c4c219a46f38e10d17577b7e4a3954bb-s900-c85.jpg ), 
  no tv = a complete lack of anything at all to do but sit around . 
  there are 2 million + in turkey . 
  iran has a million from various me countries . 
  and china is at least 4 controlled borders away . 
  fuck that , if it comes down to a few % either way then just get out . 
  it would only invite more `` if we do n't get what we want we will hold another referendum '' bullshit . 
  mostly from former colonies of course ... 
  max 8.5 cm blade apparently . 
  a knife is far more intimidating then a pepper spray canister . 
  i can just imagine it ... `` excuse me sir , can you direc aaargghh '', 
  a decent knife does the same and is multi-purpose . 
  edit : i 'm not suggesting people go around shanking other people , a knife is far more intimidating then a pepper spray canister . 
  the exception . 
  funny thing is , i once heard a british tourist in spain telling his friend there were too many spanish people . 
  well that 's what the eu thing is for , 
  you guys should just split up between us and the french . 
  it would certainly rile up some people to collectively send about 10 billion a year . 
  nice theory but that 's going to be at least ten years . 
  too late for that . 
  indeed , the second largest group in many countries is eritreans , aka the north-korea of africa . 
   but ... are n't they already doing it ? 
  or you could read the article . 
  one crazy old coot to another . 
   second largest group is afghanistan , which theoretically does not have war . 
  right . 
  like when they declare somalia is `` safe enough '' to send people back ... 
  2:20 nooooooope, 
  it would n't have been allowed to take the needed measures . 
  oh i know , that 's why i think its disappointing . 
  it needs some paint . . 
  do n't take this the wrong way but that was kinda disappointing ... 
  safety does n't mean a roof over your head , food in your belly , education for your kids or medical treatment for grandpa . 
  the vast majority of the refugees have patiently waited for the last couple of years for the camps to be expanded and living conditions to improve . 
  they have n't expanded and conditions have n't improved . 
  less then 25 % of the refugees in turkey are housed in refugee camps . 
  its even lower in lebanon . 
  and i know , you probably think `` education for their kids , so entitled !, 
  '' , well if you do n't want those kids to grow up to be the next isis you better get them some damn education . 
  those kids growing up as refugees right now are going to be the generation which will have to rebuild syria and that is going to be damn difficult without a half decent education . 
   i am certain lebanon is not providing the refugees with all of those . 
  so guess why so many of them move on ? 
  most of them do n't feel like spending the next 10 years just getting by in a hovel in lebanon or turkey . 
  the best and easiest solution would have been funding the camps from the start .
