   and then problem finally showed on your doorstep and you acted like all those you have criticized in the past . 
  every western-european country in a nutshell for the past 2 years . 
  nobody cared until the refugees reached western europe , after that suddenly everyone cared . 
  i assume all of these numbers include asylum seekers from eastern-european countries who are never going to get asylum . 
  debate wise i really feel like these should be left out of the equation . 
  79 % in the netherlands i think . 
  and he does this in a tracksuit with a shotgun and a soviet era amphibious vehicle ? 
   yes , and in the meantime you can stay in a safe camp where no one is shooting at you . 
  less than 20 % of the refugees in turkey are in a refugee camp , fyi . 
   there was a piece on dutch tv early last year about doing it legally , some of the people they interviewed were going to get their initial intake meeting ** to start the process ** late this year . 
  in other words , by the time that process is done the war could be over . 
  most of whom were predicted to come months before she uttered those apparently magic words . 
  and lo and behold the only thing it has achieved is turning greece in to a giant refugee camp . 
  are n't most facilities in greece pretty much getting filled up as they get built though ? 
   but only to those who choose to come to eu through legal ways . 
  there was a piece on dutch tv early last year about doing it legally , some of the people they interviewed were going to get their initial intake meeting to start the process late this year . 
  you get where i 'm going with this i hope ? 
  going to an embassy in turkey/syria/lebanon / jordan and doing it legally will maybe get you asylum by the time the war ends . 
  itt : `` one of them is a war criminal !, 
  quick deport all of them ! '', 
  i guess all catholics are pedophiles by that same logic ? 
  [ there 's a belgian comic writer who had that idea in 1950 . 
   old bridges and townhomes can not . 
  but they do contribute to the overal feel of the area . 
  would people come to rome if they demolished everything except some important graves ? 
   can only be a part if they previously agree to the same immigration policy que eurosceptics screaming `` backdoor federalism !, 
  it may just be the fact that its 4am where i am but are you suggesting trudeau and the chinese are in a conspiracy together to elect him ? 
   we must make them . 
  well feel free to vote for a different mp at the next elections . 
  you likely wo n't though , if you show up at all that is . 
  the angry pensioners/middle-aged unskilled workers voting blocks are throwing a fit is what this comes down to . 
  i guarantee you if we ever see some statistics on who came out to vote no after the referendum the majority will be 40 + and low/medium educated . 
   hey guys , you do understand that you 're voting not against the eu , but against a fellow european country who is fighting against foreign agression ? 
  unfortunately , no we do n't . 
  or at least a significant enough chunk of us do n't . 
  so if i understand you correctly france will hide you in their cellar and occasionally sneak some german euro monies to you ? 
  and what happens if the referendum ends up in a majority vote for leaving the eu ? 
  going back 60 years leaves us in 1966 , yemen became independent from the uk in 1967 so technically 5.7 million yemenis left the uk . 
  going back 60 years the number actually vastly decreased !, 
  5.7 million yemenis left the united kingdom for example , 
   on minrates : this is for me mostly an aesthetic thing : they dont belong to europe , it is a sight that i disagree with . 
  its a small tower , are we going to ban small towers entirely ? 
   turkey has plenty of refugee camps , housing over 3 million refugees . 
  less than 20 % are in refugee camps , the rest of them live in regular cities and/or self made shanty towns . 
   the average migrant camp/hotel in germany is much better than the migrant camps in turkey . 
  the problem is the complete lack of refugee camps in turkey . 
  looks like more than half were perpetrated by eastern-europeans . 
  which as with greece , is a fucking humongous coastline . 
   he was his own lawyer say no more . 
  normally i would agree but with war crimes trials its usually the defendant and his lawyer holding up the trial , not the prosecution . 
  what i 'm reading here is , `` those wordpress sites that are never really that relevant to what you are actually looking for but have great seo and thus come up first '' . 
  what kind of work do you do ? 
   it just seems like merkel is the one doing all the talking and deciding . 
  it should be decided by all members of the eu and fix this issue once and for all . . 
  except most eu members seem more than content to just ignore this crisis unless it directly affects them . 
  merkel : `` ok , i 'll take the lead '' people like you : `` boo !, 
  dictator !, 
  mutti merkel makin ' all the decisions again ! '', 
   or would it keep asking for more money every year ? 
  i damn well hope so . 
  do the math , 6 billion in eu money , 3 million-ish refugees in turkey . 
   the next few days will go to show how honest the remarks of `` we would love to help real refugees and asylum seekers '' were those have always been hollow words . 
  nah obviously its from russia on bicycles . 
   if it managed to cut the flow at the turkey 's border . 
  which consist of dozens of greek islands some a figurative stone throw away from the turkish coast . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  mines ? 
  tell me , would you want to request asylum in hungary ? 
  keeping in mind the current climate orban is fostering . 
   but eu should n't let them alone with this problem . 
  but we will . 
   eu should be pouring billions into greece to help them cover the costs of camps . 
  not going to happen . 
   since it will still be a lot cheaper than hosting those migrants on german or french soil and this way at least greece would get something positive out of this crisis . 
  crazy idea , we could do it even cheaper if we helped turkey . 
  also , if greece agrees to a deal like this they are likely to be stuck with tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands of refugees for the next 10 years . 
  we both know the eu and its member states can not be trusted to support them for that long . 
  foolish idea , they ca n't afford to pay their debts , what makes him think they can afford to host a million people ? 
   to get into the eu , all the turkish military has to do is walk them across into greece . 
  come back after you have informed yourself properly . 
  yes of course , because 1 million people decided to head to europe solely because she said those magic words right ? 
  never mind that this problem has been festering since 2012 or that more than 80 % of them were predicted to come anyway long before she spoke those apparently magical words . 
   when merkel spoke up in favor of refugees , everybody expected that she had it all figured out . 
  this was obviously naive , and now people realize that merkel has no idea what the hell she is doing . 
  i 'm guessing she was expecting the rest of the eu to be able to cooperate , instead everyone bailed . 
   or else they will open up their refugee camps . 
  i 'm nitpicking but i ca n't leave comments like these alone . 
  the problem is the * lack * of refugee camps . 
   to be the devil 's advocate , though , the highest muslim-majority country on the democracy index , indonesia , is only a 7.03 . 
  turning that on its head though , a christian majority country ranks last , behind even north-korea . 
   turkey warned that seizure of zaman newspaper ` jeopardises ' accession to eu they know as well as we do that that was never going to happen anyway . 
  lack of availability at the time i think . 
  as far as i know it only got picked up by a handful of european countries and with only 12 episodes there is n't really time to build hype . 
  and perhaps the even bigger reason why it did n't get a lot of international exposure , no major release groups picked it up . 
  it being romania i assume the money used for the villa was pilfered from the local government ? 
  probably , just like you ca n't find magnificent century in decent quality with english subtitles . 
  the viking thing is a movie though i think , http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5157456/, 
  edit : assumptions and all that ... 
  its a joke , people are humorless bastards unfortunately . 
  its the combination of it all .
