  and yet nobody wants to foot the bill and italy already wants to pull out of the measly 3 billion we promised to turkey . 
  oh there was a guy on here yesterday who proposed we mine the turkish coast . 
  totally realistic right ? 
  or alternatively that they simply were n't expecting something like that on nye in/on some of the most public locations in the city . 
   it 's always the most efficent way to help refugges as close to their homeland as possible . 
  which we are n't actually doing ... 
   they will go back to camps striking at the heart of the problem , there are n't enough . 
  feels like we had the same conversation yesterday . 
  now try to get eu members to actually cough up the cash for external camps . 
  its not like we have n't already had 4 years to fund refugee camps and instead of funding them ignored the problem and hoped it would go away . 
   select the most vulnerable people directly from the ~ ~ refugee camps in the ~ ~ near abroad . 
  selecting directly and only from refugee camps would be somewhat unfair considering most refugees are n't in one . 
  ( which is coincidentally part of the reason why they come this way ), 
  obviously the solution is to close the borders and ignore the problem some more . 
  nobody likes it but war just happens to be that one moment when a bunch of racist football hooligans come in handy . 
  nothing stopping anyone from throwing more funding at the unhcr . 
  lets start with the distance between some of those greek islands and the turkish coast , mining it would pretty much be a declaration of war . 
  any news on that * other * case ? 
  you know the ones with the british tv stars , lords , etc. 
  the one we never really hear anything about anymore . 
  he does realize most of those scary muslims in the uk are from former colonies right ? 
  genuinely curious , how does that stuff get received at home ? 
  the `` nah totally not us in crimea '' , 2 months later `` yea that was us but this time in ukraine we really are n't doing anything '' . 
  i mean . . you basically squander years of diplomacy in exchange for a sea port , some oligarch 's vacation homes and some old factories . 
   well no one is fighting in ukraine just russian citizens on vacation right ? 
  it all depends does n't it ? 
  can you take care of syria before the situation in ukraine blows up again . 
  because we both know fighting two wars is extremely costly these days . 
  how long until you guys start using rubles to wipe your ass ? 
   perhaps egypt would be more suitable . 
  unlikely , the military controls most of the economy and they would n't be very receptive to disturbing te status quo . 
  factually incorrect . 
  i ca n't find a link just now but plenty of immigrants were given free farmland and tools back in the day to start a farm . 
  empty gestures . 
  realistically they need like 500 million/month, 
  opinion : we fucked up 4 years ago when we decided to ignore the mounting crisis and hope it would just go away . 
  i mean its not like being friendly has gotten them much . 
   actually , yes . 
  not sure about free housing , but they do get free education and healthcare . 
  they also get work permits no , no , no and that last one is like 2 or 3 days old . 
   and most of them do n't contribute to society by any means they are n't allowed to ... 
  because 2 million refugees on a population of 5 million citizens in a nation with a relatively tiny gdp is n't really something which works long term . 
  its the north-africa bit which is the problem there really . 
  its not like any of the coastal african countries want this dumped on them . 
  good to know there are still some people here who are levelheaded enough to understand this . 
   i mean we 're only giving them $ 3bn as is . 
  and italy already wants to back out of that . 
  i 'll eat my shoes if turkey ever gets the full $ 3bn . 
  turkey has a couple of years left before there 's any chance of a breakdown of society/civil war . 
  lebanon on the other hand ... 
  that 's not a threat , that is being realistic about the situation . 
  some food for thought , criminal scum is going to be criminal scum regardless of their geographical location . 
   if this idea is dead , is it possible that germany could start deporting the migrants back to their countries ? 
   or simply to the proposed refugee camps in north africa ? 
  those are never going to be built , nobody wants to foot the bill . 
  which is why we are in this mess in the first place . 
   stop telling migrants to come . 
  because 1 million people decided to come to europe solely because merkel said so ... 
   what the eu should have done is taken the uk 's approach of easing the burden on turkey and lebanon by taking in a share of the most vulnerable refugees from the camps there . 
  oh do n't get your hopes up , that 's still only 20k , hardly makes a dent in the big picture . 
  it will cascade back to greece , it wont dry up the stream of people though . 
  i look at every proposal which does n't include better and more refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan as dumping the problem back on the border countries and effectively starting over again back to the situation 3-4 years ago . 
  unhcr as a whole . 
  a shit ton of those funds are earmarked for use for specific regions/causes . 
  what actually goes to the refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan is a pittance . 
  so same case as in the us/uk . 
  `` we are n't spying on you we just know wo you call , how often and how long you talk and from where you called them '' . 
   cyclists eat vegetables how dare they !, 
  at this point i would n't be surprised if isis hired them or something . 
  do we hold every single catholic priest personally responsible ? 
   look at sweden . 
  looking , what am i supposed to see ? 
  call me crazy but you could start by blaming the right people ? 
  hard to argue against empty propaganda nonsense . 
   not fall into a general anti-immigrant hysteria . 
  bulgaria is only about a million i think . 
   they should not be allowed any further than the 1st country they are ` safe ' in . 
  and i would completely agree with you if we were actually supporting said countries , but we are n't . 
  i still do n't get how you reached any kind of conclusion on my opinion benefits packages when that is n't really the point of the original conversation . 
  ah so your solution is to let them starve , got it . 
   so your argument is that we should be looking to remove the safety net to even things out ? 
  how did you even reach that conclusion though ? 
   the swiss hardly ever do confiscate things , and i do believe the danes will adopt the same attitude . 
  large amounts of cash yes . 
  anything else no . 
  it is simply to labour consuming . 
  never underestimate politicians looking to appease voters . 
  would n't be that necessary if turkey gave them work permits ... 
  totally . 
  maybe there 's one for every time zone they cross on the journey ? 
  doubtful . 
  any refugees with serious amounts of wealth can just buy citizenship . 
  looks that way from the pictures . 
  depends on the quality of the train of course . 
  if its a soviet era junker i would n't want to spend that much time in it . 
  year old article , ignore this . 
  unless somebody cares to post some sort of follow up on these specific cases . 
  unemployed turks and spaniards have a support network to fall back on and ( i assume ) unemployment benefits and savings . 
  [ kindly refrain from using the daily mail as a source . 
  ] ( https://tompride.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/mail-timeline-of-shame1.png ) they do n't deserve the ad revenue .
