  except by all accounts they had pretty much worked everything out and everyone agreed on everything and suddenly wilders pulled out without giving them any clear reason . 
  personally i think wilders was of the opinion that he had more to gain by having new elections than concluding the negotiations . 
  and that is coming back to bite him . 
  for context , the last time the pvv was in the government they walked away for no good reason during crucial negotiations causing the government to fall and new elections to happen . 
  what used to be chain emails filled with conspiracy theories have now evolved to well organized machines reaching an audience of millions on facebook and other social media websites . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-38168281 a great recent example , https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/12/syrian-who-took-merkel-selfie-sues-facebook-over-defamatory-posts, 
  greece is also a fun one , they still have honest to god anarchists running around bombing stuff . 
  [ so i presume the edicts of god king trump now rank higher in the minds of republicans than those of saint reagan ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ytydjbpbk6a?t=1m34s ), 
  but it is . 
  whether you like it or not from the day you are born you hear and read english everywhere . 
  out of curiosity , how do you feel brexit will impact your company ? 
  next he will start ranting about cultural marxism . 
  nah , britain is pretty much the only one pushing it . 
  and they only do it to fuck up the eu . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/germany-turning-away-and-deporting-more-migrants/a-19461521 http://www.dw.com/en/german-states-speed-up-refugee-deportations-under-federal-pressure/a-19305415 http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/736818/migrant-crisis-angela-merkel-deport-100-000-refugees-failed-asylum-seekers-germany dozens of articles . 
  dozens !, 
  what 's this then ? 
   we 're about to lose 70 years of joint work because our leaders are unable to make tough decisions . 
  more so , we are * possibly * about to lose 70 years of work because a handful of politicians ca n't agree on a common solution/were too late to react . 
   so how about stopping them at the border in a camp until their identities are known ? 
  apart from the fact that its germany , where exactly?german soil , german rights . 
   get together , agree on common policy and present it to all concerned countries in unified front you do realize that lack of cooperation is pretty much the cause of this crisis right ? 
  which ones ? 
  the ones who survived the torture chambers or the ones who were lucky enough to never see them from the inside ? 
   large chunks of world would live in bronze age without colonisation . 
  some even prior to bronze age ( native americans ) . 
  and this is a problem ? 
  i dare say some uncontacted tribe in the amazon is probably living a more happy fulfilled life than most of us are . 
   he lives in a gated community like most wealthy politicians . 
  source ? 
  on both those assertions . 
  theory 5 : national interests , conflicting opinions and lack of will to take collective responsibility prevent any sort of real solution . 
  they also happen to have a poor island state next door which they can bully/bribe in to taking the problem off their hands . 
  * that * is what they are complaining about ? 
   it just took maybe 2 days for all details to come to light . 
  one of which was new years day , a day on which coincidentally many people , including journalists have time off . 
  you realize of course that `` allah ahkbar '' is not some international secret sign that jihad is about to start right ? 
  just for giggles , do you comprehend at all what the rest of the tweet says ? 
   this is so blatant that does not need fighting . 
  but it does . 
  because millions now believe it to be true . 
   well if someone start crush people with truck http://www.wsj.com/articles/minivan-crashes-into-beijing-farmers-market-1482331017 if i 'm not mistaken this turned out to be a regular accident . 
  i ca n't find any follow up news so its safe to assume it did n't end up being an attack . 
  i 'd point out it took 24/7 armed guard , minefields , tripwires , dogs and a 12 foot concrete wall . 
  and even then people made it through . 
  and oh yea , you ca n't build a wall in the mediterranean . 
   the iron curtain do we really want a repeat of that ? 
  plenty of back roads in the middle of nowhere . 
  well considering literally 99 % of the islamist terrorist attack perpetrators in the last couple of decades have had european passports i do n't really see how this is suddenly going to make a difference . 
  quelle surprise . . 
  if its a comic book which does n't look like an american comic book its usually from belgium . 
  and it did n't did it ? 
  again , less then 48 hours . 
   there is a progress !, 
  one year ago at this time everything `` was fine '' . 
  kinda getting sick and tired of people peddling this nonsense . 
  its new years day and a sunday , the news broke on monday . 
  literally less than 48 hours after it happened the news broke , and 24 of those 48 hours was new years day and sunday . 
  a day on which most people you know ... do n't work . 
  including coincidentally , many people in the media . 
  as pertaining to the enforcement of human rights ? 
  alan turing , dozens of cases during the troubles , jean charles de menezes , etc , etc https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_the_united_kingdom#cases_involving_the_uk_before_the_european_court_of_human_rights just a few examples . 
  maybe not this one but a future one might . 
  and i would remind you that the people stirring shit up rarely if ever end up being the actual victim of any of the consequences . 
   it 's an extremely successful system . 
   that 's a joke right ? 
  what do you think the disputed deportations are about ? 
  without the echr what 's to stop the british government from deporting people to another country and going `` now do n't you torture them , * wink * * wink * '' . 
   if both parties agree to keep that legislation , which we do , then we can grandfather in this agreement without the permission of the echr . 
  without third party enforcement there 's nothing stopping a future british government from stirring up shit . 
  so we will learn what the british public thinks is more important , deporting a handful of extremists or internet privacy . 
  what do they find more important ? 
  deporting a handful of people or the government not knowing you watch `` migdet gangbang # 23 '' . 
  its cute and all but i ca n't imagine the people actually living on that street like it ... 
   sure it does , theyre the native populations of the british islands depends on how far back you go . 
   nobody wants to pay for the refugees who have been allowed in either , and yet they do it . 
  `` the problem only exists when it turns up on our doorstep '' is the refugee crisis in a nutshell . 
  the unhcr spent much of 2014/2015 begging for more funding but nothing happened , then greece and italy were getting the first waves of refugees in and they started begging the rest of europe for help and again nothing happened . 
  only when they turned up on our doorstep was there suddenly a problem . 
   people in greater need like older who ca n't walk all the way to europe as opposed to young males , and a few attacks prevented . 
  unlikely because again , 99 % of terrorist attack perpetrators were either born here or had european passports long before the refugee crisis . 
  except that ... 99 % of all muslim extremist attacks in europe have been done by people who were born here . 
  and to add to that , many of whom would have been here * regardless * of any change to immigration rules . 
   any muslim-majority society put at the bottom of the quotas for migration that would be discrimination based on race or religion ...  refugees should be helped by opening eu-funded refugee camps directly around the war zone there 's literally nothing stopping us except the fact that nobody wants to pay for it . 
  feel free to write to your respective elected officials to increase unhcr funding . 
  ironically that may include people who just hate the guardian because they consider it too lefty . 
  well coincidentally there is some more important news right now ... 
  so far i think there 's been 1 genuinely syrian terrorist ... 
  the rest were mostly born in europe and there were i think one or two this year who were refugees/immigrants from iraq . 
  such as ? 
   unhcr camps would have been a wiser investment to help people literally nobody disagrees yet nobody wanted to fund it ... 
   wasnt part of aa . 
  sorta the point . 
  tl ; dr new version of deal will include some of the somewhat legitimate concerns some people in the no camp had . 
  - treaty shall in no way lead to eu membership - no financial aid obligation to ukraine - no free movement of persons - no military cooperation with ukraine which is utterly irrelevant because the standard-bearers of the no camp did n't actually give a shit about the content of the treaty and just wanted to stick it to brussels . 
  i 'd point out hes iraqi ... 
  yea but when when shit goes down in the balkans it inevitably turns in to an international clusterfuck . 
  / s but not / s but kinda / s, 
   besides they are plenty of non-qualified workers , the most part probably , that are as necessary as the more skilled .
