  actually the case in most of the world . 
  usually either parental consent and/or a judge . 
  in some cases dispensation from whatever the relevant government agency/department is . 
   the recommended legislation , drawn up by justice minister heiko maas , sets the minimum age for marriage in germany at 18 years and ** nullifies all existing marriages where a participant was under the age of 16 at the time of the ceremony . 
  ** that 's not going to have unintended side-effects ... 
  why does the greek sound canadian . 
   i 'd almost wish for the return of ghadaffi , at least he could be bought off or reasoned with . 
  wishful thinking , his mental health was deteriorating regardless of the civil war . 
  unless you involve more than 4 fingers . 
  that is an insult to bad porn sketches . 
  can somebody explain to me why a mere candidate for the presidency is jetting all over the world meeting people instead of you know ... campaigning ? 
  somehow i think that was n't exactly what / u/dmegasujet had in mind ... 
  see that does n't sound bad in theory until you start thinking about the how . 
  stop all immigration ? 
  too late . 
  deport them all ? 
  even second/third gen ? 
  what about converts ? 
  ban it entirely ? 
  like that 's ever worked . 
  entirely preventable in the sense that it would take unreasonable measures to do so . 
  that 's sounding mighty totalitarian there ... 
  not a mention of saudi-arabia though of course ... 
  alternatively , deporting them gives them a chance at trying a second time in a country much less well equipped to stop them . 
   almost 60 per cent of those aged 18-24 do not intend to vote for far-right national front, 
   what is the main reason this is not done today so that the national leaders who actually elect the president have somebody to point at if they need to deflect blame for something . 
   call it `` national service '' and have those youths help out in hospitals , in refugee centers , working on building and maintaning national infrastructure . 
  i bet you yes minister did a thing on this . 
  there 's this blind nostalgia towards it in europe from people who did it just before it ended . 
  now i do n't know about france but when my father did it he spent a month or two actually doing military stuff and the rest of it was spent at what was basically a vacation colony in the ardennes . 
  good idea for the wrong reasons . 
  then again drumpf is his original family name . 
  mango mussolini , darth citrus , cinnamon hitler , fuckface von clownstick , president evil , cheeto-in-chief , agent orange , tangerine palpatine , cheeto benito , trumplethinskin , snowflake in chief, 
  protest voters chickening out , people not showing up and last but not least , he cancelled a ton of media/debate appearances in the last couple of weeks . 
  for context though , the last elections were an aberration because a significant chunk of the electorate ended up voting strategically instead of for the parties they actually wanted to vote for . 
  on the right they voted vvd to counter the pvda , on the left they voted pvda to counter the vvd . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_soros the title at t-d is ,  soros `` purple revolution '' is go . 
  snoop dogg 's `` lavender '' video with mock assassination contains lyric `` i 'm blowing new purple in a new circle '' snoop has joined forces with clinton/obama/soros coup, 
   before the true shit storm starts too late , t_d is claiming its part of a soros plot . 
  tide goes in , tide goes out . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
   i 'll support may in this because i believe that we 've already had our say on the matter ... that outcome was quite dependent on eu membership though . 
  we are dead serious about our birthday parties . 
  except for years now the biggest proponent has been britain and its tory government . 
   the eu must understand that it is europeans who cry for change . 
  people ask for immigration controls but the eu bureaucrats say `` that 's trump rhetoric '' and dismiss it . 
  people ask for less centralization but eu bureaucrats want to punish the uk for opposing their notion . 
  by all means keep blaming the eu instead of you know ... the member nations who actually decide stuff . 
  voting for a party who 's platform includes constitutional violations does . 
  they should really start stocking up on soros masks for halloween . 
  yea , he likes to meddle in stuff and use his money to push stuff he feels is important . 
  can he ? 
  can we maybe have this one ? 
  the right has literally dozens if not hundreds of him . 
   donating a total of around 150k euros ( which is absolutely nothing ) except , the average party election budget probably comes out to about 500k, 
   even if he gets absolute majority ? 
  he will still get stonewalled by the senate , they do n't get directly elected so its pretty much impossible for him to get an absolute majority . 
  that and he would have a damn hard time fielding enough competent people to even fill the seats . 
   redditor for 1 day care to explain better ? 
  i 've been here for 2 years . 
  for context , here are the top 3 campaign budgets . 
  cda ( christian , center-right-ish ) $ 1,5 million euro 's . 
  sp ( socialist party ) $ 1,5 million euro 's . 
  d66 ( pro-eu , center ) $ 1,3 million euro 's . 
   he is financially extremely far left in theory . 
  in practice the party votes economically right . 
   just you wait ... 
  the same will happen as happened here with the danish people 's party . 
  they are the second biggest party in parliament . 
  the liberal coalition government is dependent on them to get anything through . 
  this already happened once though . 
  the previous government was dependent on the pvv as a minority cabinet member and during crucial negotiations wilders walked away from the table causing new elections to happen . 
   which he expresses himself a bit too passionately about sometimes , that 's an understatement ... 
   amusingly , if you read the article , they admit that it is n't very much money all is relative , we do n't spend billions of dollars on our election . 
  [ make doggerland great again ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/79/ca/cf/79cacfdf2edf71b0338c847ac649d1f3.jpg ), 
  the council voted on it . 
  which means that your respective head of state voted on it . 
  talking in general . 
  great , this guy was born in sudan , he 's the exception though . 
  the vast majority will have been born in the uk . 
  and we both know this verdict opens the floodgates . 
  take responsibility . 
  they may be radicalized assholes but they are * your * radicalized assholes . 
  it happened on the uk 's watch , the uk should have to deal with it and not try to shove off the problem on to some country the problems parents or grandparents happened to be born in . 
  and the same goes for every other eu country . 
  assad 's killed more people then isis ... 
  a party in the netherlands needs two members . 
  the pvv membership consists of geert wilders and the geert wilders foundation of which geert wilders is the only member . 
  vvd : business focused center-right but flirting with far-right immigration rhetoric to lure in pvv voters pvv : our anti-immigrant party . 
  economically left in theory but somehow always ends up voting for more economically right policies . 
  as is somehow customary these days , leader has weird blonde hair . 
  fun fact , the party has only two members , its leader geert wilders and the geert wilders foundation of which geert wilders is the only member . 
  d66 : centrists , pro-europe . 
  cda : main christian party , used to be very large but their voters are literally dying . 
  gl : greens . 
  young , vibrant trudeau/obama like leader . 
  sp : socialists . 
  fun fact , the party has the largest election war chest estimated at about 10 million euro 's . 
  this is due to the fact that all members who are in elected positions are expected to give up part of their salary to the party . 
  pvda : dutch equivalent of the uk labour party .
