  refugee camps for example while generally considered to be good only house less than 20 % of the refugees . 
  so in that sense , refugees * are * treated well but that does n't mean they all are . 
  not that i 'm implying malicious intent . 
  shoddy registration , bureaucracy , incompetence and corruption is leaving a big gap i think . 
   surely turkey has received some financial aid from europe for the migrant crisis during that time ? 
  not from the eu directly as far as i know . 
  maybe the unhcr has helped out but they have been underfunded pretty much since the start of this crisis . 
   if they get paid that much , why do they decide to go to the eu ? 
  for context , minimum wage in turkey is 1647 lira/month, 
   i do n't hear lebanon trying to blackmail the eu even though they are holding far more refugees relative to their population than turkey is . 
  well 1 . they do n't have a direct border with the eu . 
  and 2 . relatively , lebanon actually is getting more help then turkey is . 
  of course , he should have let them die in syria . 
  yet we would be outraged if turkey were to wage open war in syria . 
  effectively what we are saying to turkey is : `` you * will * take care of 3 million refugees and be happy about it , no we wont help you with it nor will we let you make any attempt at solving the cause . 
  at best we will keep waving the possibility of eu membership in your face . '', 
   we simply have a situation in europe where there is currently too many people who came at once so we 're looking at ways to slow dramatically that flow . 
  1 to 2 million on a population of 500 million is not that many . 
  by all means give us your well thought out plan to secure hundreds of tiny greek islands some of which are almost literally a stones throw distance from the turkish beach . 
   ah yeah , let 's give him 3 billion a year . . we have n't even given the 3 billion we promised late last year ... 
   they were always pushing migrants to make a buck . 
  they are really playing the long con then are n't they ? 
  its cost them a good 7/8 billion already i think . 
  he has n't reported back yet , have any greek people seen anything on the news about a turkish man getting arrested for stealing sand ? 
  if i was a turk i 'd be tempted to go to greece just to steal some sand :p, 
  you do realize i hope that for the moment you are considered the lesser evil among western-europe 's anti-immigrant crowd ? 
  the moment the refugee crisis subsides they will go back to hating you . 
   dump the refugees towards the caucasus / russia where he has 3 choices . 
  iran , a country with a well equipped army and a faction in the syrian civil war . 
  it has the means to cause even greater amounts of refugees to present themselves at the turkish border . 
  armenia , armenian genocide , need i say more ? 
  georgia , a country in a love/hate relationship with russia . 
  the political instability caused by a massive refugee influx could risk a russian takeover and given the current diplomatic issues between turkey and russia i do n't think either of them would want a direct border at the moment . 
  and there 's a 3.1 in there somewhere , adjara . 
  a tiny little semi-autonomous region which would cause massive worldwide outrage if he pushed massive amounts of refugees on them . 
  now here 's a crazy idea ... what if ... we actually get off our asses and * help * turkey with the refugee problem instead of going `` lalala ca n't hear you '' . 
   `` touching somebody 's buttocks is sexual assault and punishable by five years in prison and a $ 75,000 fine . '', 
  that seems somewhat excessive ... 
  or ... alternatively , turkey is fed up with having to take care of millions of refugees . 
  he is n't lying , he was being stupid . 
  he took the numbers from one month ( it was just december 2015 ) and pretty much assumed anyone who is n't syrian is an economic migrant . 
  we both know that was bullshit . 
  edit : let the downvotes commence , does n't change the fact that the 60 % thing was complete and utter nonsense . 
   no idea why this is proving so incredibly difficult to implement though . 
  because anything pro-active means the eu , as a group of nations is taking collective responsibility . 
  for some reason our national politicians prefer to plug up their ears and shout `` not my problem '' . 
  in that context 3 billion / ** year ** is entirely reasonable . 
  i do n't entirely understand the situation but in any case jailing puppeteers for glorifying terrorism is ridiculous . 
  people are always going to try . 
   latif is a former rmit student who worked at a muscle supplements store in werribee and djohan is a bodybuilding nightclub promoter who has worked as a topless waiter in the past . 
  does n't sound very arabic does it . 
   latif is a former rmit student who worked at a muscle supplements store in werribee and djohan is a bodybuilding nightclub promoter who has worked as a topless waiter in the past . 
  sounds australian enough ... 
   it drives me absolutely furious to think how many syrian children we could have given an education , skills and values to vastly improve their lives and possibly rebuild a future syria . 
  we never had * any * intention to help them over there or to move a sizable amount of them over here . 
  they moved themselves and made it impossible for us to keep ignoring the crisis . 
   well the guy who asked the question is the grandfather of a `` under 10 year old '' did n't we go over this last week ? 
  10th grade not 10 years . 
  turkey : ok , want to help us take care of them ? 
  europe : lol , no . 
  it would be taken just as serious except there would n't be calls to deport/lock up/blame everyone with the same religion as the culprits . 
  the 1000 group thing is a fairy-tale , it was a group of assailants among a group of a thousand + * normal * nye celebrators . 
   people always react like this to big events . 
  the only reason people reacted the way they did is because there a `` other '' who they can blame as a group . 
  is she wrong ? 
  cologne happens and suddenly thousands of people are up in arms about sexual assault but you never heard them about the tens of thousands of sexual assaults that happen every year with or without refugees/immigrants/whatever . 
  hell , real world example . 
  we had a couple of protests against the building of asylum centers here in the netherlands . 
  in one case hundreds of people showed up to a city council meeting on the topic and proceeded to shout `` she needs a dick in her ! '', 
  when a woman was allowed to speak in favor of a center . 
  ( after a half dozen men spoke against the center ), 
  congrats on saving a rail , its not a politician doing it . 
   the leader of germany invited the refugees you realize that this crisis did n't just magically pop in to existence half way 2015 right ? 
   i think in practice its not as common as the tabloids would like to make out . 
  i 'd even say that i think it is uniquely british . 
  i ca n't think of any other eu country where tabloids regularly have sun-type `` terrorism suspect lives in million pound london flat '' headlines . 
  * mostly from former colonies . 
   but what about your own countrymen ? 
  well apparently the * private * owners of the building do not give a shit . 
   the grandfather of a schoolgirl , aged `` under 10 '' , asked bad schlema 's mayor , jens muller , what his plans were to prevent sexual assaults on children , ** who had already been harassed by newly arrived migrants on their way to school . 
  ** has that actually happened by the way or is that one of those facebook stories old people send each other ? 
  anything public backing that up ? 
  i somewhat doubt that england 's entire tax and benefits system is engineered to specifically make # 35k the cut off point at which one becomes a net contributor . 
  feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong though , it just seems improbable . 
  ~ ~ there 's a bit of a difference between # 35k and # 50k . ~ ~ and i doubt around # 35k is much of a burden . 
  edit : damn it , i hate when people use different currencies in one thread ... 
  that was of course before the time when a fucking tweet could cause a worldwide economic meltdown . 
  seriously what is it with racist fuckers like you in this sub ? 
  english , arabic and chinese . 
  have your kid ( s ) learn those if you want them to be prepared for the future . 
  estonia , permits 15 year olds to marry with judicial consent . 
  you realize that there 's a damn lot of countries out there which allow child marriages right ? 
  even if he does n't want to touch her i do n't think he has a choice , the girls parents would be insulted and his parents would be embarrassed . 
  of course the problem with * not * recognizing these marriages is that it gives other countries ammunition to not recognize our marriages ... 
  we have the means , capacity and resources to house and feed the entire world , the only thing stopping us is this ridiculous concept of money . 
   there 's going to be poverty no matter what outright lie . 
  the problem is distribution . 
  i think bulgaria charges a million or two and gives most of it back after a couple of years . 
  because closing the border * without * first making efforts to improve the situation in syria and the refugee camps allows us to go back to a out of sight out of mind situation . 
  i get being uninformed/ignorant but do n't go around blatantly lying .
