  many do n't think of themselves as germans because germans do n't think of them as such . 
   i see you like any other german . 
  but many other germans do n't . 
  after mh17 i can safely say i would n't mind you getting your ass kicked by finland again . 
  as an arrogant northern prick , i agree . 
  do they have the proper permits ? 
  yes ? 
  so shut up . 
  you want more churches then maybe you should go to church more . 
  [ probably this ] ( https://youtu.be/jlhz_z8sums ), 
  i 'm for it despite all the possible bullshit and loss of freedom it might entail . 
  for one simple reason , we need to form a solid power block if we do n't want to be dominated by china . 
  i actually came across a video rant about how the stores were being converted into fema camps to house texans captured during jade helm . 
  they are doomed either way . 
  a grexit would mean instantly turning greece in to a third world nation and possibly civil war . 
  of course in that context the family pumped the junky full of drugs for years . 
  more like a pimp/ho relationship . 
  with germany being the pimp . 
  of course !, 
  they think the gays are a western plot to weaken russia 's men !, 
  and i wish i could put a / s behind this but undoubtedly some do believe this . 
  turkey is good , erdogan is usually an asshat . 
   if you flee a designated war zone you get an eu id card that means you must return within three months of the war ending . 
  by who 's definition ? 
  well lets be realistic here . 
  would you want to go live in syria anywhere in the next 10 years ? 
  language and they likely already have family there . 
  has he ever eaten kosher meat ? 
  because the way most meatpackers do it makes the meat both kosher and halal . 
   create a functioning land registry by 2018 ? 
  $ 5 billion of debt forgiven . 
  visible improvements in tax collection rate by 2020 ? 
  $ 10 billion gone . 
  measurable , independently verified progress in fight against corruption ? 
  $ 20 billion make poof . 
  numbers and goals to be determined by actual experts . 
  what use is 5 billion in 2018 when you need to pay 2 billion today ? 
  vvd voter i 'm guessing ? 
  how would you like to see your pension cut in half and a doubled sales tax ? 
   the war reparations issue for ww2 is still unsettled from the greek point of view . 
  today , yes . 
  they never mentioned anything the last 40 years though . 
  nope . 
  they want to squeeze as much money out of greece as possible and then kick it out . 
  i 'm calling it now , even if the people vote yes greece will still be kicked out in a year or two . 
   greece has been helped with how many billions how many times for how many years ?!, 
  a couple billion , since 90 % of the new loans went straight back to germany , france , etc to pay off bank loans . 
  the program for the last 6 years has not been to help greece but to bail out western-european banks who knowingly made bad loans . 
  is bread , milk and rent the same as in latvia ? 
  of course not . 
  pretty much no elected member of the current greek government has any direct connection to the accumulated debts . 
  you certainly ought to know . 
   all the sex gangs are made up of muslims who target non muslim girls . 
  what about the one being ran by british elites ? 
  its been kinda quiet on that front ... 
  i 'm sorry but ... what ? 
  did they have a list ready or something ? 
  and 80 is a suspiciously round number . 
  except you know ... greece ... and the possible consequences of that . 
  if they do offer it it will be a trap . 
  the french ? 
  more like stopping the advanced scouting party . 
  the frontline is in italy . 
  serious question , is erdogan going senile ? 
  to me it looks like hes going a bit berlusconi , ranting about outside powers and openly fraternizing with the maffia . 
  on a sinking ship which probably did n't have enough fuel to reach the shore ? 
   and none of them were fleeing war . 
  that is somewhat debatable considering the state of security in mexico . 
   the cache given to poitras and greenwald allegedly included 58,000 `` highly classified uk intelligence documents , '' the telegraph reported in august after the uk government detained david miranda , glenn greenwald 's partner , as he traveled through london 's heathrow airport . 
  greenwald has called this out as a complete fabrication by the way . 
  is that viable though ? 
  i would assume the guardian and other outlets who actually have the data would n't allow unknowns near any computers which hold the data . 
  and unless i 'm mistaken i do n't think snowden has the data on him anymore ( the physical hardware having been confiscated , i assume ) . 
  well living in one room for years will do that to you . 
  small asterisk , the sunday times is owned by murdoch 's news corp. 
  if and i stress if they have cracked snowden 's cache then we can be certain it cost them a lot of money . 
  any competent encryption method and a reasonably long password takes quite a lot of time and quite a lot of computing power to crack . 
  and by quite a lot i mean a billion dollar supercomputer doing nothing else for 6 months . 
  and that is probably understating it going by [ these numbers ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath/comments/1x50xl/time_and_energy_required_to_bruteforce_a_aes256/ ) . 
  i was wondering how he got to denmark . 
   nobody goes to paraguay or suriname as a refugee , for instance . 
  there 's a bit of a distance issue there ... also , do you realize that a third or more of lebanon 's population is refugees ? 
  which was still the right thing to do long term wise . 
  i bet the school would be outraged if they all showed up in thongs !, 
  skirts ... that are a few inches longer then what a practicing catholic bible belt girl would likely wear ... 
   the purpose of education should not be primarily to get a job . 
  it is to become a better person . . 
  reality unfortunately disagrees . 
  high skilled labor can only employ a fraction of the world population . 
  there are 4-5 billion working age persons on this world . 
  now besides the fact that a majority of them will simply not have the intelligence to become a scientist or engineer , etc there is the fact that we do not need 4-5 billion high skilled/educated persons . 
   the `` automation will lead to unemployment '' is a historically confirmed myth . 
  that is a shocking lack of critical thinking . 
  trains and airplanes can already be completely automated . 
  in a few decades or less the same will go for taxi 's , busses and cargo transportation . 
  factories will only need a couple of people to do maintenance and push a button every now and again . 
  cars could be 3d printed at the dealer . 
  low and medium skilled labor is simply going to disappear over the next few decades . 
   is just a sniff test and can only reasonablye measure your ability to make a good impression on strangers in 10 minutes , nothing else . 
  that is what trial periods are for .
