  the time will soon come when our glorious king willem will take away the k !, 
  that will just leave those frenchies with lm !, 
  take that !, 
  not entirely incorrect mind you . 
  the timeline and tone is just wrong . 
  slightly lighter and a thousand extra years . 
  did somebody leave a gigantic spotlight on in 1992 in eastern libya ? 
  regardless of legislation this is one battle they can not win either way . 
  its unenforceable . 
  that is inaccurate considering the left-right terms originated in the 1700s after the french revolution . 
  liberal version of the kochs/sheldon adelson/etc . 
  also hes a * jewish * lefty , a lot of people really ca n't abide that combination . 
  and last week it would have been 3 weeks . 
  its not like this is the first time anyone has accused russia of using propaganda and rightwing parties to destabilize europe . 
  to be fair to the nazi 's ( oy vey !, 
  ) , they did for a time toy with the idea of deporting every jew to palestine . 
  unknown variables are unknown . 
  might as well be that it always involves the same group . 
   is it a coincidence this comes out so close to the brexit vote ? 
  * everything * comes out `` close '' to the brexit vote right now . 
  i could fart and its `` close '' to the brexit vote . 
  both japan and china had hundreds of years of experience with a central governing state . 
  in contrast most of africa had the concept foist upon it through violence . 
  res indeed . 
  no complaint . 
  naturally , its as you say `` because of their gay politics , cars , etc '' . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  would it make sense to punish that entire population ? 
  [ let this be a lesson that nothing is ever truly gone on the internet . 
  its on the books but predictably its basically just been used on dodgy cases . 
   they just talk , talk and talk kinda what you have to do when you have an entire block of countries stubbornly refusing to cooperate on basically anything related to the topic . 
   but in the migration crisis orb\u00e1n \u00b4 s model is the right way for the society . 
  every man for himself ? 
  does n't change the fact that the police report uses hard numbers ... 
  ignore this asshole . 
  i have him tagged as `` wants to liquidate gays . '' . 
  predictions = / = hard numbers, 
   i strongly , strongly doubt their competence . 
  the migration researchers , the migrants or the report writers ? 
   family reunification is n't allowed until 2017 at all i assume the german govt had somehow hoped the war would have already been over ? 
   ** the report stated that the vast majority of migrants did not commit any crimes . 
   another reason we should flee to our real friends on the other side of the world . 
  [ you ca n't leave !, 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/pys0orb4x11x.png ), 
  neither does the russian military 's vacation camp in eastern-ukraine ... 
  fyi , the daily mail literally supported hitler pre-wwii, 
   i know of one particular case where a criminal just left the country rather than appearing in the local magistrates is n't that exactly what this newspaper and many of its readers want ? 
   but britain has no need of these people either . 
  there are no ` dirty jobs ' that native britons * are n't willing to do . 
  * depends entirely on the price though does n't it ? 
  otherwise you would n't have every hotel almost exclusively staffed with poles . 
  oh i do n't know ... i 'd say there have been far lower points ... http://behindthefear.nfshost.com/germanjewspouringintothiscountry.jpg https://athousandflowersblog.files.wordpress.com/2015/07/hurrah.jpg, 
   yup . 
  and not so long ago jesse hugues was branded a paranoid racist well ... he is . 
  on the list or happen to have the same name as somebody on the list ? 
  isis : `` guys we need to seriously step up our game , we just got outclassed by a frenchman '', 
   intelligence chief vasyl hrytsak said the man had planned 15 attacks and was driven by ultra-nationalist views . 
  certainly ambitious . 
  starting with the fact that we are n't talking about a processing center but a massive refugee camp on european soil . 
  to put it bluntly , refugees are something you are stuck with once you officially accept them . 
  see palestinians in lebanon/jordan as an example . 
   people want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  the moment the influx stops europe stops caring and goes back to pretending to care . 
   and they will free resources to help actual refugees . 
  you assume we would suddenly start helping if only we could get the situation under control ? 
  in that case there is one very simple answer , leave . 
  no more fucking halfsies . 
  the eu as an organization might not be but the member states certainly are . 
  the sort of funding you need for a project like this will have to come from member states . 
  and i can totally see several member states withdrawing financial support after they 've had an election . 
  the church of the flying spaghetti monster , naturally . 
   give us both a billion + compensation for building costs and we will open processing centres for the next 4 years . 
  eu in 4 years : `` your problem now bitchez ! '', 
  and cyprus , malta and any other potential candidate knows it . 
  * citation needed , are there any studies relating to this subject ? 
  regardless , they certainly want the biggest exceptions and they are the most vocal about it . 
  ok , you play cyprus and malta and i 'll play the eu . 
  `` hey cyprus and malta , can i stash a couple hundred thousand people here for a while for a nominal fee ? '', 
  brutally honest suggestion , stop being a whiny bitch and make up your mind . 
  you want a million and a half exceptions and then complain others do n't let you in on decisions . 
  also , http://i.imgur.com/bq2yrfn.png and https://youtu.be/vmolndabnhi, 
  but then france wont feel important anymore !, 
  name any european country dumb enough to volunteer for it . 
  one might argue they were right and were just wrong on the time frame . 
  think about it for a second . 
  foxconn just replaced 60.000 people with robots . 
   they either accept that and the eu money that would presumably come with it to upkeep the system but there 's the main problem is n't it . 
  how much for how long ? 
  i 'm 23 . 
  barring any accidents or serious illness i should have at least 50 years in me . 
  somebody born 50 years ago has seen man step foot on the moon and has seen the world become interconnected . 
  point is , a lot of shit can happen in 50 years . 
  especially considering there are already concrete plans to automate a lot of sectors . 
  nah that 's just until the refugee problem goes away , then we 'll be right back to complaining about dirty thieving eastern-europeans . 
   white western europe of yours :d color/ethnicity has nothing to do with it . 
  note that i also excluded austria . 
  * western netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , germany , denmark , ireland , any scandinavian countries that want to join and maybe britain if it could stop being such a whiny bitch . 
  anything beyond that and you run in to institutionalized corruption or a population that is 50 % religious/conservative . 
  where ? 
  there is n't a coastal country that is stable yet poor enough that they will be interested in a financial deal .
