  basically the saudis helped fund the pakistani nuke program so the pakistani 's keep a nuke on hold for them if they want it . 
  in return however we demand that you finally do something to fix up your roads . 
  i propose surprise anschluss by france and the netherlands . 
  saudis * own * a pakistani nuke . 
  there 's a difference . 
   ( since i hear no suggestions and just quibbling i assume that 's what is being implied ) every time i suggest something i get downvoted to hell because it does n't punish refugees . 
  and what would the point be ? 
  its certainly not going to stop homegrown terrorists is it ? 
  and how does she propose we secure the hundreds of greek islands , some of which are almost literally a stones throw away from turkey ? 
   openly advocating committing murder should be a crime . 
  always ? 
  consider the amount of people who have called for the death of all muslims in just the past couple of days on facebook and twitter ? 
  eastern-europe and more specifically ukraine i think . 
  its easy enough to disappear a crate or two in the middle of that . 
  no law or surveillance measure can ever compensate for human incompetence . 
  it puzzles me that when a terrorist tells the world his reasons the world rejects it and tries to make up their own reasons . 
  same with bin laden , he told us why , we reacted by saying he just hated us for our freedoms . 
  note that that does not mean i consider the reasoning legitimate , the point is that * they * consider it to be so . 
   uhm blaming sykes picot on what 's happening now ? 
  why not ? 
  [ isis certainly seems to think it is relevant . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/txx_thjtxow ), 
  can we stop pretending you do n't simply hate muslims . 
  feel free to browse through the photos in the article . 
   one thing i really notice with dutch tv broadcasts is that anyone with even the slightest accent gets subtitled . 
  do they ? 
  i rarely watch live tv to be honest . 
   it 's easy once you gain a shitload of experience with it ? 
  pretty much . 
  i 've watched lock , stock with friends a couple of times and all of them always complain they can barely understand any of the characters . 
  personally i do n't have any issues but then again i do consume copious amounts of media . 
  this would be where somebody makes a joke about unintelligible local accents . 
  i 'm going to guess they hired him because hes cheap , not because of his language skills . 
  [ english source but with no pictures ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/family-paris-attacker-brussels-solidarity-vigil-194125803.html ), 
  as i told a different guy ,  calling an area a `` no-go zone '' sounds like your riding in to fallujah and its bullshit . 
   so how vibrant is the jewish community in molenbeek ? 
  i did n't know it was absolutely mandatory for every municipality to have a jewish community ? 
   look up the pew research on extremism percentages among muslims in major countries . 
  it 's not 1 % . 
  that depends entirely on ones definition of extremism . 
   the article is in dutch . 
  maybe chrome is auto translating them for you . 
  they are in french . 
   it means that simply being there is unsafe . 
  many places are unsafe while not even coming close to being considered a `` no-go zone '' . 
   people are saying it 's a no-go zone . 
  which it is n't . 
  nah man , i have a surplus swat body armor suit  ^ / s, 
   that 's a municipal police man , not random bozos on the web . 
  ones occupation does n't magically make one a well rounded mentally ok person . 
  and hes not a `` random bozo '' because we happen to know who he is . 
   you are saying molenbeek is a nice peaceful area with 1 % fuck ups . 
  well its certainly not a jihadist enclave with daily car bombings is it ? 
   and i should trust you as an expert on the situation in molenbeek . 
  this is the internet , you should n't really trust anyone as an expert . 
  not that i claim to be one . 
  come to think of it , who has that kind of garb just hanging in his closet ? 
  i 'm assuming the article is some compilation of idiots on facebook calling for the death of jews . 
  might i point out that there have been plenty of idiots on facebook who have called for the mass murder of all muslims these last few days ? 
   surely the point was these ghettos are outside of european life again , take a stroll through the streets using streetview . 
  not going to comment on that as i do n't know french and i do n't trust google translate to properly translate the articles . 
  that said , 1 is a shitty blog and the other looks like the belgian version of the sun . 
  does n't matter . 
  from what little i can find it seems sharia4belgium has less then 100 members and its unlikely they all live ( d ) in molenbeek . 
  so yes , 1 % , statistically . 
   20 % of the people well more like 1 %, 
  calling an area a `` no-go zone '' sounds like your riding in to fallujah and its bullshit . 
  hell look it up on google streetview and take a stroll through the streets . 
  there 's some lovely parks . 
  ignore any buildings that look like they have n't been touched since wwii , that 's just belgium being belgium . 
  does n't mean its a `` no-go zone '' . 
  a couple dozen or at most a couple hundred idiots on a population of 95.000, 
  http://i.imgur.com/pzkuy3x.jpg really working hard on dispelling that `` western crusaders '' bullshit i see ... 
  sensationalist bullshit pretty much . 
  the only country allowed to say its having a difficult time is lebanon really . 
   biblical law is far more benign than sharia law . 
  we 'll see about that next time you eat shrimp !, 
  i 've been taking polls like this with a huge grain of salt ever since that one that said 16 % of france agreed with isis even though muslims make up just shy of 8 % of the population . 
  because anecdotal evidence is the best evidence !, 
  seriously , either provide solid evidence or stfu , there 's been more then enough fake anti-muslim bullshit going around the last couple of days . 
  so that should come out to about a thousand muslims in total if my math is right . 
  nope , nope , noooopee ... please do not make this mistake france . 
  i consider advocating for the imprisonment of innocent people because you disagree with their travel choices to be fascist . 
  as far as i know there is n't a single european country which outright 100 % bans private ownership of guns ... 
  nope , proliferation inevitably increases actual use . 
   ets put it this way : when the us was at war with japan , did they let japanese come into the us and walk freely amongts the population ? 
  they certainly did n't prosecute the thousands of americans who went to europe * before * the us and germany were at war ... 
   undoubtedly he will pay the price for his negligence at the polls . 
  i 'd say that entirely depends on what he intends to do with that aircraft carrier the next two or three weeks . 
  because this sort of attack is an aberration . 
  most of the time its going to be bombs or chemicals . 
  here 's the thing , european criminals * can * get their hands on all sorts of stuff * but * they will rarely if ever use it if only to avoid a massive police response . 
  they should increase their security and communicate through some obscure korean mmo . 
  why ? 
  its nothing more then fascist drivel . 
  or ukraine right now . 
  plenty of room for military weaponry to go `` lost '' . 
  are you kidding ? 
  most large criminal organizations in europe have access to rocket launchers , they just do n't use them . 
   where declaring you 're a jihadi ` suspected jihadi ',
