  when eastern-europe started raising hell , fuck you . 
  when they started arriving by the train loads last year in germany , france , austria , sweden , etc : `` how is this possible , what happened ? 
  we totally did n't see this coming . '', 
  which might just be a lot easier without assad in power . 
   those from marocco small exception there , the annexed western sahara . 
  because the body making the deal is n't providing the funds , member nations are . 
  if we look for example at the 3 billion deal with turkey italy already wants to pull out of it , and not because of anything turkey did but simply because they do n't want to front part of the cash . 
  now combine the unwillingness of member nations to pay up with the fact england might soon be leaving . 
  morocco knows full well we will stop paying them as soon as the stream stops . 
  first and foremost you need to understand that the eu is not a trustworthy party in a deal like that . 
  as far as i know they do n't need either . 
  and if they did i ca n't imagine we could offer them enough . 
  and why exactly would they agree with camps there ? 
  law = / = social behavior . 
  i wonder if this could be a reverse psychology thing though . 
  and not slurping your noodles in china is considered rude , as is eating with your left hand in india . 
  but most first time visitors are unlikely to know that * unless somebody tells them * . 
  hell an even better example , http://indianexpress.com/article/trending/swiss-railway-posts-how-to-toilet-signs-for-asian-tourists/, 
  you really think they have n't tried for the last 4 years ? 
  point is that it is n't actually bad behaviour where they come from ... 
  yea well imagine you are a syrian who just entered turkey , you see the camps are full , you are n't allowed to work and help you get from the turkish government often is n't sufficient . 
  do you stay or do you move on immediately ? 
  stupid thing is taking care of * all * of them in turkey would cost at most 10-15 billion a year . 
  yet still there is n't a single eu government willing to work together to improve the situation in turkey . 
  lets not pretend like the pvda is an equal partner ... 
  * must * or can ? 
  because * forcing * any institution public or private seems a bit ridiculous . 
  1141.5 per hour , the aegean would be filled with boats . 
  on the plus side , boat builders in turkey would make a killing . 
  now i 'm imagining a rhino getting chased through a bazaar by that mustachioed hunter . 
  one small tiny problem , that would require cooperation , which nobody seems to want . 
  believe it or not that is actually a porn fetish . 
  even if there were 10 million wanting to get in to europe the simple fact is the smugglers do n't have the manpower/resources/time to get that many in to europe . 
   otherwise it 's a bit like saying `` the rhino ran through the bazaar twelve times '' when it actually ran once , and destroyed a dozen shops . 
  oddly specific example ? 
  did something like that happen somewhere or something ? 
  that 's an easy road to wildly inflated numbers though . 
  you 'd have to count a flasher flashing 100 people as 100 different cases of public indecency . 
  is n't it the nhs in the case of britain ? 
  edit : and being employed is n't everything if its minimum wage . 
  they have enough hate to go around . 
  i 'm laughing at the idea of support for turkey . 
  why would we suddenly start doing it now when we have n't for the last 4 years ? 
   why is it that everyone parrots this and * fundamentally misunderstands * the problem ? 
   with more money and assistance poured into turkey . 
  hahaha . 
  why is it that everyone parrots this and fundamentally misunderstands the problem ? 
  how do you propose we secure a thousand tiny little greek islands some of which are almost literally a stones throw away from the turkish coast ? 
  just because you are 80 does n't mean you should be lazing about !, 
  impossible , what about all the lazy benefits moochers , there are millions of them !, 
   you can always unilaterally refuse to pay . 
  and be unable to loan anything for the next two decades . 
   i heard that estonia sent some people to italy to look for families etc but there basically was n't any so they did n't take any part of the problem with this is that they utterly ignore the fact that many families send their youngest and strongest this way ( i.e. 
  young males ) in the hopes of family reunification . 
  yet when for example estonia comes looking for families they ( willfully ) completely ignore that and ( willfully ) assume its just all young single males with not a family tie in the world . 
   assyluym application centers in turkey , jordan and lebanon with a set maximum quota of refugees ( dependent on how many refugees member states are willing to take so , none basically . 
  [ have a look at this ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/52b2febafc5.html ) , does n't look like most eu member states are that keen on voluntarily taking in people . 
   while the fringe reaps all the benefits . 
  you mean that fringe which asked the other eu member states for help in managing the refugee crisis 3-4 years ago and was basically told to fuck off ? 
  bullshit , turkey knows full well they will never get the money after they fix the problem . 
  the problem is n't in brussels . 
  the problem is in the governments of all the member nations who have so far completely and utterly failed to work together . 
  brussels can only do so much . 
   if you want to help people that actually need help in syria and other countries at war , why not set up a process in the refugee camps in turkey and other bordering countries to interview them and explain the conditions under which they will be accepted ? 
  oh we are doing that . 
  the entire process has managed to process a paltry 170k people , worldwide , since 2013 . 
  its basically a way for countries to be able to say `` see !, 
  we help !, 
  we took in 2000 out of the 6 million or so !, 
   why is this the eu 's problem anyway ? 
  because you ca n't reasonably expect turkey and lebanon to bear the entire burden ? 
  because if things continue like this and we close our borders and they start piling up in turkey and lebanon and lebanon collapses under the weight the current stream will seem like nothing ? 
  [ wow , they should really update the unhcr page on turkey more often . 
  ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e48e0fa7f.html ), 
  any source on turkey having 3 million or more ? 
   i was also under the assumption that tighter border control would work hand in hand with refugee camps to effectively funnel in people in real need . 
  why ? 
  we 've had 4 years to do that , why would we suddenly start doing it now ? 
  unless i 'm mistaken you have your numbers wrong . 
  turkey , 2-3 million lebanon , 2 million-ish jordan , 750k to 1 million . 
  small problem , the existing asylum process has only managed to process a paltry 170k people , worldwide , since 2013 . 
   they 're probably more willing to pay to keep the problem outside their borders . 
  does n't look like it from where i 'm standing . 
  england tends to ignore the whole issue because of that big pond . 
  eastern-europe is building border fences . 
  scandinavia is closing borders . 
  its no different from when the refugee crisis was first developing 4 years ago , nobody wants to help each other . 
  we could have prevented all of this 4 years ago but nobody wanted to do anything . 
  i 'm guessing you meant unreasonable . 
  on that assumption , that 3 billion is an eu deal with turkey , the eu has to cough up 3 billion , not italy on its own . 
  and you 'd have to mine far enough away so that a bang does n't disturb the tourists ... 
  any idea how expensive it is to take care of 2 + million refugees ? 
  you are implying two separate things . 
  which is it ? 
  they willfully let the situation happen . 
  or b. 
  they did not have enough resources available to prevent the attacks . 
  a policewoman also got groped you know . . 
  sea mines , not landmines . 
  well actually he proposed we mine the greek coast but considering the distance between some of the greek islands and turkey it might as well be the turkish coast .
