  support has collapsed for this party because they are seen as having been a doormat for the vvd for the last 4-6 years . 
  the tl ; dr on the large number of parties hovering around 10 % is simply the collapse of the pvda , their voters went everywhere and did n't switch to another party as a solid block . 
  you 've also caused quite a lot ... 
  i have a slight feeling her tone was a bit less friendly than the translator made it sound :p, 
   and they now have german passports ' you realize of course that would require quite significant regulation changes ? 
  turkey , 2.5-3 .5 million refugees . 
  * camps only house about a fifth lebanon , 1.5-2 million refugees * fun fact , 20-ish percent of the total population is now a refugee iran , 1 million refugees * mostly afghans and iraqi 's jordan , 0.5-1 .5 million refugees saudi-arabia , 0.5-1 .5 million refugees * statistics on this are murky , sa not being a signatory to refugee conventions means the unhcr does n't have an official count so we have to rely on estimates and self-reporting israel , no significant numbers , either official or self-reported other than the occasional `` we treated x amount in hospitals '' or `` willing to take in x amount of orphans '' . 
  kuwait , no numbers , likely restricted to more wealthy syrians who can afford to live there on their own power . 
  does donate money regularly . 
  one of a handful of journalists to come out of the occupy wall street protests . 
  during one of the police actions against the protest camp at zuccotti park he livestreamed for 21 hours straight . 
  he 's seen by many on the left and right is an honest observer because he never shied away from showing mistakes made by either side . 
   who the hell fucked up so badly that countries like sweden ended up with these kind of areas and this kind of violent crime ? 
  whoever decided to dump hundreds of thousands of immigrants in dense low cost housing . 
  but the fear here is that that might just be the case if/when the us decides to have another war . 
  personally i would have far less of an issue with conscription if it prohibited sending out conscripts to third party wars like that . 
  sweden participated in some form or another in both the iraq and afganistan wars . 
  feel free to sign up , leave everyone else out of it . 
  not swedish , but i 've heard my dad say the same thing . 
  he generally tends to forget that most of his service was more like an extended vacation camp in the ardennes . 
  naturally . 
  does n't take a rocket scientist to realize that gangs got their hands on a crate of grenades a while ago and are still using them up . 
  trust me , most of us are not . 
  i think there were two guys in britain who attempted it . 
  they failed miserably if i remember correctly . 
  like 99 % of that is gang related ... 
  have an example ? 
  i do n't think we have one but that might just be because there are more bikes than people in the netherlands . 
   just like paris is n't building a wall around the eiffel tower but merely ` an aesthetic perimeter ' . 
  windowdressing for the masses . 
  as i 've said before on this topic , terrorists are n't looking to bring down the fucking eiffel tower , london has fallen is a movie , not reality . 
   really so that explains why a 60 minutes camera crew could n't conduct simple interviews in one of these no go zones and the police escorting them was afraid to go inside in case he `` provoke them '' i 'll let you in on a little secret , when you go somewhere with a camera crew looking to satisfy an agenda you will often magically see it satisfied . 
  tl ; dr is they 've been a doormat for the vvd ( business conservatives ) the last couple of years . 
  in both cases not near enough to form a direct day one threat though . 
  finland number one ? 
  beaten again . 
  i 'd say the initial push might get them control over eastern europe but they will get bogged down by interference from citizen militia in poland , ukraine and estonia . 
  their navy would likely get fucked on day one trying to leave the baltic sea . 
  completely agree . 
  best example i can think of , turkey possibly joining the eu was a talking point for brexit , guess which country is the biggest proponent of turkey joining the eu ? 
  the uk !, 
  2 minutes in . 
  the tl ; dr i 'm getting from this is that your president deserves a medal . 
  and you know ... finite . 
  https://youtu.be/y4zdx97a63s?t=2m1s best illustration ever . 
   ( or you 're saying the `` west '' was inhuman just like 30 years ago ? ), 
  yes . 
   it 's just when there 's already a housing crisis and our own poor have to live in one bed hotel rooms we should probably spend our money elsewhere . 
  and you think that that money would then be magically spent on those people ? 
  i have a bridge to sell you . 
  and lost the majority vote . 
  hilariously , she 's replacing a guy who fell out of favor . 
  do n't worry , the uk 's last act will be to drag turkey in to eu membership even if its kicking and screaming . 
  to be fair , i roughly count 14 . 
   you must control the mosques separation of church and state . 
   which has them excluding whenever they pleased . 
  9/10 times for clearly racist motives . 
  fifth ? 
  i thought you were being snarky . 
  `` etc '', 
  this would be that moment where you force facebook , google , etc to keep european data restricted to european servers . 
  any dysfunction within the eu apparatus is inherently caused by its membership ... 
  i 'm ok with advanced european union . 
   but if you allow veils in public and treat it as religious freedom how would you ban then in courts/schools ? 
  better to ban it completely . 
  ask any of the countries who do this ? 
  til i 'm supposed to be dead from an infection . 
  [ how many times have you sneezed on your laptop and when is the last time you disinfected it ? 
  i 'm inclined to not shake at all but that 's fast becoming a religious crime unfortunately . 
  and i really do n't like to be known as the freak who disinfects his hands after every handshake . 
  and then you proceed to touch a door handle , your phone , money or a mouse/keyboard and boom , your hands are dirtier than they were before you went to the bathroom . 
  makes about as much sense as a trump speech . 
  except you know ... the popular vote . 
  50 % , suck it sweden !, 
  just a bit of fun i guess . 
  who knows how these thing start ... < insert family guy-eqsue cutaway gag , 
  damn you !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  four fingers . 
  well why do n't you go read the original report then ? 
  i love this . 
  i hope you and / u/ineededausernaame both step on a lego brick . 
   so why would they publish their stuff in english ? 
  no reason to . 
  the user who made the comment however could have bothered with an explanation . 
  ah well thank you for explaining to me that i was being stupid . 
  if i ever have to reply to you with a link to a study or something i 'll be sure to try and find it in chinese and only link to the root website , not the actual page itself . 
  old people , lots and lots of old people . 
   source : www.bra.se ( swedish ) and to prove your claim you link to a website most of us can not read and not even to any specific study or article . 
  sounds like a shit show all around . 
   one of the organisers of the march heavily supports sharia law ( supports as in wants it established in the usa ) rick santorum was marching ? 
  he conveniently forgot to mention that his first cabinet , rutte-i , cut things like civics and language classes . 
   the majority voted ` no ' due to corruption in ukraine ( 34,1 % ) which the treaty would help with . 
   and fear that ukraine will become eu member ( 16,6 % ) which the treaty had nothing to do with . 
  the size of the respective forces is irrelevant . 
  russia has a unified force , the west does not . 
  absent american intervention russia will be free to `` liberate oppressed russian minorities '' . 
  salami tactics . 
  small problem though . 
  we have an enemy willing to use small tactical nukes .
