  third generation ? 
  sixth ? 
   but they are descendants of people who migrated from there . 
  ok ... geography 101 http://www.mapsofworld.com/thematic-maps/maps/europe-africa-middle-east-map.jpg point to the middle-east , after that point to north-africa . 
  you do ... realize that most of the guys who did brussels and paris are n't actually from the middle-east right ? 
   how the hell can people in the west not understand this ? 
  how the hell can people like you not understand that 1.7 billion people are n't to blame for the actions of less than a dozen just because they share the same religion . 
  the general populace was never pro-refugee , they were not anti-refugee there is a difference . 
  up until halfway 2015 most of western europe was in a `` does n't happen here , i do n't see them here , therefore i do n't care either way '' mood . 
   this thread seems to be brigaded . 
  no its not , / r/europe is stormfront light , get used to it and try to fight it . 
  hold up . 
  bomb , president , white house . 
  hey nsa , i think this / u/shills _ for_fun guy is a terrorist , better execute him without a trial . 
  it helps to read the article ...  two of the suicide bombers who carried out attacks in brussels on tuesday have been named as brothers khalid and brahim el-bakraoui , ** belgian nationals ** . 
  contrary to popular belief muslims are not one big gigantic homogeneous blob . 
  we both know that is n't what you meant . 
   lets not kid ourselves , it 's never mike . 
  irrelevant . 
   muslims not integrating in western society is not made up problem , and people like you trying to sweeep this under a rug is part of that problem as well . 
  again , separate issue , related but separate . 
  would you be reacting the same if it was mike , third generation from american descent ? 
  refresh my memory , how many of them actually came from outside of europe ? 
  because what we know is that 5 french guys , 2 belgians and two unknowns were involved . 
  those unknowns * could * be refugees but we do n't know that . 
  hell they * could * be professional chefs , i suppose we should deport all professional chefs ? 
   better yet - start doing that when one of them does suicide attack on your airport or trainstation . 
  solid reasoning if not for the fact that there are no refugees bombing airports or trainstations . 
  you mistakenly conflate two completely separate issues because of your ideological bias against foreigners . 
  i 'll remember to tell the next polish guy i see to get out . 
  yes . 
  if we start treating certain people differently * they * win . 
  there really is n't anything worth discussing further if you do n't see the irony in what you are proposing . 
   we have like 10 % muslim population 8 %  in fact they rarely even wear burkas weird maybe * gasp * its actually more a cultural thing ? 
  now lets take a look at a different version of the same article . 
  a terrorist attack has happened in europe . 
  let the standard response begin ... 
  the standard response now goes as follows . 
  first the body parts of innocent people are flung across airport check-ins or underground trains . 
  briefly there is some shock . 
  on social media the sentimentalists await the arrival of this atrocity 's cutesy hashtag or motif and hope it will tide them over until the piano man arrives at the scene of the attack to sing ` imagine there 's no countries ' . 
  millions will take to twitter and facebook professing their support for belgium and the victims . 
  in the meantime thousands if not tens of thousands will use those same outlets to condemn nearly a sixth of the population of this planet as murderers and , ironically , say we should bomb them , lock them up , deport them and decimate the region in which a large population of those `` others '' lives . 
  `` turn it in to a parking lot '' , `` turn the desert in to glass '' they will say , meaning that what they want is a nuclear response against 1.7 billion human beings as revenge for the actions of maybe a dozen people . 
  they will also say that we should n't let in any refugees and deport any that are already here despite the fact that none of the perpetrators are likely to be refugees , just like the last time this cycle repeated itself . 
  at the same time muslim leaders the world over will condemn the attack and try to remind the world that the vast majority of them wish no harm on anyone . 
  they will mostly be ignored by the media , fueling the perception that muslims never speak up . 
  despite their condemnation there will inevitably be some idiots who feel justified in attacking innocent muslims or embarrassingly , attacking a sikh because a turban obviously equals a muslim . 
  politicians will swiftly respond to these attacks by saying we need increased surveillance despite the fact that the already vastly increased surveillance compared to 10-15 years ago frequently fails to predict or prevent these attacks . 
  and that 's all i got to be honest . 
   you are implying that the current strategy created terrorism . 
  are you denying it did n't ? 
  some rant about multiculturalism . 
  * in general naturally i do n't know specifics on the ground at this moment . 
  i 'll be sure to tell the arab , moroccan , turkish , indonesian , spanish , taiwanese and chinese kids i went to school with . 
  well ... never . 
  there has n't ever been no terrorism . 
   and brussels security was among the strongest in europe news to me , belgium 's police system is a mess . 
  he would of course have been equally correct if they had found a wwii bomb during some construction work somewhere in brussels . 
  on a population of barely 100k ? 
  can you get any worse than the `` literally supported hitler '' title though ? 
  equally as regretful how barely anyone reported on the thousands of people in molenbeek who marched against what happened in paris . 
  and i hope you earn 35k or more otherwise they will throw you out to appease ukip . 
  well we get english in school and 80 % of the media we consume is in english . 
  as long as the receiving country agrees of course ... 
  but they are the exception . 
  hell denmark has promised 390 spots , the netherlands 500 . 
  countries like hungary and romania each promised a pitiful 30-40 spots . 
  edit : my point really is that for these refugees there is no realistic legal path . 
  i think most do get some sort of stipend but that barely covers rent . 
   should n't they be sent back once the fighting stops ? 
  and when do you expect that to be ? 
  5 years ? 
   i 'm pretty sure you need to reside at least five years in turkey , speak the language and earn a sustainable income to apply for naturalization , so i do n't think that comment makes a lot of sense except there 's the reality that you ca n't realistically keep 3 million people in limbo forever . 
  i love this , the eu gets 1-2 million people on a population of 500 million in the last 3 years and turkey gets 3 million on a population of 77 million yet somehow the eu is the victim . 
  [ well by all means lets hear your input on how you enforce a border like this ? 
  ] ( http://alisonmortonauthor.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/greek-islands-map.jpg ), 
   and a huge slap in the face to everyone who has ever immigrated through proper channels . 
  if they had to go through proper channels they would maybe get asylum by the time the war is over . 
  lets be real here , everyone is always talking about how we should only take in people directly from refugee camps of whom we know exactly who they are and who we can check and stuff . 
  but how many have we taken in that way ? 
  most countries have only accepted a token couple hundred to make themselves feel better . 
   oh , and i like his company ... fly across europe very cheaply , in new , safe airplanes ... for those prices , i 'll forfeit some of the baggage and leg room . 
  i do n't care about service on 1h flights , i care about price and safety ... 
  i love that if i look out for the right time i can pick up a flight to just about anywhere in europe for 10 euro 's . 
  d-day reenactment ? 
   who are n't refugees syrian and refugee are not mutually exclusive . 
   + suppressing the truth of the `` refugees '' by all means `` enlighten '' me ... 
  which is the natural result of the absence of the first part of your sentence . 
  well they would have 3 options to go to russia . 
  through ukraine and the civil war/russian intervention in the east . 
  through the caucasus region , which would entail crossing the hostile border between georgia and russia ( and a ton of very mountainous area ) or 3 . 
  over the black sea , which is a considerably longer distance than from turkey to one of the greek islands directly off the coast of turkey . 
  and all of that is n't even taking in to account that russia really does n't give a shit about refugees . 
  you mean what we had from 2011 to halfway 2015 where everyone decided to just ignore the refugee problem until it literally showed up on our doorstep ? 
  i 'd point out that the refugee problem did n't start halfway last year , most of europe had been happily ignoring it for years ... 
   they cross through camps in turkey correct since the camps are full . 
  merkel does nothing , `` why will merkel not act ! '', 
  merkel does something , `` mutti merkel the eu dictator ! '', 
  because it skews the numbers .
