  that is not a place where you can walk or bike anywhere is it ? 
  dutch guy here , i pay a third , that 's before government subsidy comes in to play . 
   `` constantly '' i hope you do n't think amsterdam is like this every day of the year ... 
  did you give anything ? 
  daily reminder that that process is intentionally impractical . 
  except when that duty involves building more public housing . 
  in that case screw em !, 
  betting ten to one it was done by some polish guy with mental issues . 
  former colony of theirs . 
  that and uranium mines in the north if i remember correctly . 
   although , to be fair , what is he going to do ? 
  sink our frigates with firecrackers ? 
  angrily shake his fist at us ? 
  drag you in to a civil war that 's fairly cold right now but could heat up at any second and keep you occupied for years and costing you billions of euro 's . 
   you are refusing to accept that there is a very distinctive pattern followed in all terrorist acts committed recently in europe : they were all done by muslims in the name of religion . 
  i have n't kept up but i bet there are some anarchists in greece who would like to have a word with you . 
  get professional help before you end up on the news because you attacked some innocent foreign looking guy ... 
   russian volunteers on vacation no doubt . 
  turn back , tis a shit show . 
  / r/the _ donald has taken over . 
  because the rest of them are either idiots or ca n't manage to stay in government long enough to have any international influence, 
  he 's from the uae so pretty much your entire comment is irrelevant . 
  the guys who chased him down were also muslims and immigrants you know ... 
  funny enough , britain . 
  wait , what do you have against oral ? 
  and he 's technically correct , but that does n't mean the klm employees are n't irked by it . 
  again , not in the mood to argue . 
  i was not dishonest , the notion that thousands of refugees terrorised cologne is dishonest . 
  none of that means people wo n't be irked by not getting a literal free lunch . 
  if the president of the united states can so can i. 
  i 'm not in a mood to argue with you . 
  suffice to say we will agree to disagree . 
  the simple reality is that no , there are n't a million mass raping , people beheading terrorists walking around . 
   and people who do not have jobs despite looking for them i know several people all over europe like that . 
  they make do by living with their parents/friends . 
  i even know of a couple who are effectively homeless but hide it well enough by showering at gyms and doing laundry at friends . 
  they survive by doing odd-jobs that do n't show up on statistics . 
  everything from working under the table for gardening businesses to freelance web design . 
  you might say , but they earn enough to live and not rely on unemployment benefits . 
  true . 
  but they have no future either . 
  they are n't saving for retirement , they are n't building up a pension . 
  they are n't building up unemployment rights . 
  they ca n't save . 
  at the end of the day , if for whatever reason they ca n't work for a month or two they are dead broke . 
   or employed part time even though they really want full-time work . 
  this is also important . 
  because for many of them the same is true . 
  at the end of the day they ca n't build a future on part-time . 
   would you say there were no ordinary people alarmed by the influx certainly . 
   or that their concerns were not legitimate ? 
  arguably not nearly as legitimate as they have been made out to be . 
  taking cologne as an example , no there were not thousands of refugees raping people . 
  in fact , of the perpetrators that have been caught the vast majority were not even refugees or even remotely from the same area as syria . 
  there were not thousands of incidents . 
  at most , 600-800 the majority of which were simple robbery/pick pocketing , not mass rape . 
  mind you , i 'm not saying that is n't a serious problem but it really is n't relevant to the refugee discussion when there were hardly any involved . 
  and saving the best for last , no , the press did not try to cover it up . 
  i ca n't be bothered to go look it up but new years was in a weekend , a weekend , and it was new years , and the `` big '' press started reporting on it on monday . 
  if that 's an attempted cover up i 'm a singing salami . 
  my point is that despite the fear mongering by an alliance of foreign media , domestic german tabloid media and right wing groups in germany for the most part all they have been doing is blowing hot air . 
  edit : also fun fact , `` sujet '' is dutch for `` dodgy person '' . 
   german media were too uncritical in their coverage of the 2015 refugee crisis , giving angela merkel 's open-door policy a free pass and failing to represent the legitimate concerns of ordinary people alarmed by the influx , a new study has found . 
  that sounds terribly subjective ... 
  where are all those roving gangs of immigrants i keep hearing about ? 
  i feel a need to point out that he would never call for beheading people who are critical of stannis . 
  are n't the only ones still pushing for it the british ? 
  [ radical islam ] ( https://youtu.be/cqxsjycmg28 ), 
  damned if you do damned if you do n't . 
  you can bet your ass the royals and the military command will take shelter there at the first sign of the two cities being avoided . 
  that would mean invading and occupying mecca and medina . 
  if you thought iraq went well try invading and occupying two holy cities . 
  you think anyone actually cares when apple shaves off 1mm ? 
  it irks me that pretty much all the bakeries in town are making the exact same thing . 
  which i do n't like . 
  of course we both know that lots of people buy direct from china and a lot more would prefer to so if not for import fees/warranty issues and/or crappy firmware . 
   but people want shiny , polished and thinnest . 
  no i flipping do n't . 
  i want to be able to replace my damn battery without getting out a heat gun and toolkit . 
  and with me millions of others . 
  i wonder if at some point `` soros '' is going to become a verb or an insult in hungary . 
  well , more like because permits are almost never granted to non-israeli 's . 
  i distinctly remember reading they lost money for like the last 5 years ... 
   the eu is a threat to democracy i 'm not inclined to watch it with a title like that ... 
  my mistake , confused zijlstra and buma . 
  so to correct my post , vvd is def veering in to that territory lately . 
  prime example being that ridiculous easter egg nonsense . 
  ehhh , cda is def veering in to that territory lately . 
  problem is unless they get some sort of major concession they can wave around for the next 4 years they ca n't get in bed with the vvd and cda . 
  otherwise they will suffer the same fate as the pvda . 
  four fingers will turn your child in to an extremist, 
  versailles has a higher ceiling , as would pretty much anything that is in that general style but not built by gaudy 20th century billionaires . 
   having continental wide repercussions only if we let them . 
  most of them start out as petty , european born criminals . 
  presumably the d\u00f6ner murders happened in your lifetime ? 
  one might argue we got too used to peace . 
  we 've forgotten eta , the ira and greek anarchists were a thing not that long ago . 
  harder to get out of north-korea . 
  actually ranks a dead last on the press freedom index , below north-korea . 
  i 'm getting kind of sick of too close to call referendums . .
