  there are about 6 million syrian refugees divided up between turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  building a wall does n't magically make then disappear . 
   when only a small fraction of them are even from syria the vast majority of the rest of them come from such lovely places like iraq , afghanistan and eritrea ( north-korea of africa ) . 
  fyi , the unhcr has had to literally beg to even get half the funds they requested . 
  fact is , we ignored the problem until it was on our doorstep . 
  you ignored the important point and instead focused on irrelevant eu-turkey relations . 
   have they gotten any money from the eu and if so then how much i do n't know about turkey but the unhcr has reported that they barely got half of the funds they requested the last couple of years . 
  no you are not . 
   ( as opposed to food , shelter , and safety in turkey ) . 
  see ... the entire problem is that they ... are n't actually getting that in turkey . 
  in fact less then 20 % of the refugees in turkey are actually in a refugee camp , lebanon does n't even have official refugee camps . 
  or option 4 . 
  finally , after 5 years of ignoring the situation we step in and actually offer the monetary and military support which is needed to create a safe zone or refugee camps . 
  and as a greek you should well know that turkey can not take care of all of them . 
  after all you ran in to the same issue , that 's why your country does n't stop them from moving on from greece . 
   i think people forget that the loss of lives from policy like this will drop off rapidly once people realize we 've built a fortress that they 're not getting into one way or another . 
  that does n't solve the problem though does it ? 
  it still leaves 2 + million refugees in turkey without adequate support and another 2 million-ish in lebanon . 
   taking it to an extreme , for example , you could start actively sinking every boat full of migrants . 
  it 'd take what , like 2 days for them to stop entirely , and you 'd save thousands more lives from drownings over the years to come . 
  / keyboardwarriormode if any country pulls that shit i 'm shooting the fool responsible for ordering it . 
  never is a long time . 
  the world dividing up in to a half dozen or less large power blocks is inevitable in the long run and right now turkey is stuck between europe and the arab league . 
   that 's why it is important to keep fencing the outter eu border . 
  that is n't going to magically solve the real problem ... 
  i can understand reacting in some way but this is ridiculously petty . 
  hes not entirely wrong , we should have done * something * say 4 years ago but we did n't . 
  what we see today is the simple result of 4 years of inaction . 
  turkey is n't going to be a member with erdogan in control and a one time 3 billion does n't really help all that much . 
  this is just kicking the can down the road a couple of months again . 
   we do n't have areas where the police does n't dare to go , like in some french banlieus . '', 
  is there actually any country where this happens ? 
   if only 200,000 can be processed make no mistake , this is not incompetence , it is intentional . 
  and i 'm talking worldwide , not just the eu . 
  we take in a token few to make ourselves feel good while the vast majority have to make do on the streets of turkey , lebanon or syria . 
  simple , we did fuck all to help them over there so the problem came to us . 
  see we keep saying that but the problem is that the yearly amount of people processed that way numbers at most 200.000 while there are a good 4-5 million refugees . 
   ( at worst the asylum seeker stays at the controlled camp ) . 
  except less then 20 % of the refugee population in turkey is in a camp , lebanon does n't even have official camps . 
  my guess is its not about the kids but about the parents . 
   that a significant percentage do hold extremist views  although ** 99 per cent thought the bombers were wrong ** to carry out the atrocity . 
   ** globally 72 % of muslims said violence against civilians is never justified . 
  ** i can understand and even sympathize with what the ira did without condoning or agreeing with it . 
  because the world is n't that big anymore these days . 
  either we improve the situation over there or they will come here . 
  edit : and no , walls and closing borders are not a solution . 
  they just allow us to ignore the problem . 
  the need for food , shelter , healthcare and schooling do not magically disappear once they are safe . 
  in turkey less then 20 % of the refugees are in a refugee camp , in lebanon there are no official refugee camps , just shanty towns . 
  the unhcr has had to cut food budgets in the camps in half the last two years because of a lack of funding . 
  the issue is n't that the situation in the west is to good , the problem is that the situation in the middle-east is unsustainable . 
   maybe not , but the system is the cause of them traveling all the way to europe and especially germany . 
  nooo , that 's on the fact that we had 3-4 years to get our shit together on funding refugee camps in turkey and lebanon and we pretty much did n't do it . 
  i fucking knew somebody would be pulling a scam like that but i never expected it to be a manufacturer itself . 
  because you inevitably have people who ca n't realistically go back . 
  minors for example who were just a couple years old when their parents brought them here , who grew up here and do n't know the language or culture of their parents country . 
  cases where the government does n't believe that the immigrant would be in danger in their home country . 
  just as an example , they wanted to send people back to somalia a while ago because they no longer considered it unsafe . 
   only the migrants will no longer be supported , not the refugees . 
  europe ca n't support the world and they have no obligation to these migrants . 
  by legal definitions . 
  which is the big problem . 
  [ russia needs to keep this in mind . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wcze7egorok ), 
  if it was an accident they sure do love having them all over europe hundreds of times a year . 
  it does n't help of course that some of those islands are almost literally a stones throw away from the turkish coast . 
  why would a legitimate airstrike deliberately strafe in to turkish airspace ? 
  do n't fall for the bullshit , they did their normal regular poking that they do to all of us except for once somebody poked back . 
  their reaction to a pro-refugee woman : `` stick a dick in her !, 
  well that 's one way to look at it ... 
  the russians like to poke at the west , turkey decided to poke back . 
  why ? 
  because less people died at the same time in mali ? 
  lets not pretend like they do this by accident . 
  did a bunch of turks attack paris ? 
  and you can bet your ass these same folks were outraged when turkish supporters disrupted the minute silence for france . 
  for anyone wondering , not jihadists . 
  greece has an ongoing problem with anarchists . 
  if it truly violated airspace and ignored warnings , good . 
  the russians need to be shown they ca n't just do what they want . 
  or we could start building more affordable housing instead of more empty office space . 
   but they do not propose anything concrete , and we do not even know if it is possible to successfully integrate them , as all our efforts have thus far failed . 
  it seems more prudent then to work out how to integrate the people who are already here before stuffing more on to our already overflowing plate . 
  the simple answer is time ... it always is . 
  it takes a generation or 3 , 4 to get to the point where both us and them consider them `` natives '' . 
  but for some reason we want to ignore history and completely change a person with a couple hours of civics classes a week . 
  [ the pillars of the earth ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1453159/ ) comes to mind . 
  [ it says 720p but looks more like upscaled 480p . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/3qtutbin82w ), 
   not eu , but few episodes of turkish `` muhte\u015fem y\u00fczy\u0131l '' ( it 's called `` wspania\u0142e stulecie '' = `` magnificent century '' ) is it on tv in poland ? 
  i 'm interested but the only ` official ' source i can find are low quality 720p uploads on youtube . 
  5 years ? 
  what ? 
  are they employing only 1 guy to do it ? 
  its the albanian rozzers !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/snvomuvrtao ), 
   surpise anschlussing is illegal without ~ ~ germany ~ ~ reichtangle . 
  the danger with a democracy of course is that you have the chance that the citizens will vote in a dictator out of fear . 
  you better not be pulling one over on us or we 'll revive michiel de ruyter and have him attack your ports . 
  i wish it was ...
