  i 'm kinda getting tired of repeating this ... less than 20 % of the refugees in turkey are in a refugee camp . 
  i have a really crazy idea , how about we maybe finally start helping turkey ? 
  and lebanon ? 
  and jordan ? 
  netherlands , marktplaats.nl for everything / tweakers.net for computer stuff . 
   detain illegal immigrants until they go home . 
  you do realize that refugee centers in greece have been over capacity since 2012 right ? 
  and you would be completely correct if hungary had at least had the decency to offer a decent amount of resettlement pledges to the unhcr for refugees from refugee camps . 
  you know ... a gesture that says `` we do really care '' . 
  you know how many spots they offered to the unhcr ? 
  thirty !, 
  what that says to me is that this is not about `` europe 's cultural and religious identity '' or political disagreement with europe put pure and simple xenophobia . 
  `` the newyorker reports that according to german press reports unnamed sources in the police force say ... '' that is what that entire article comes down to . 
  problem is , everyone agrees the ship is sinking , all most want to do however is run around screaming . 
  basically 4-5 years ago we saw the iceberg coming and everyone decided to do nothing since the ones in front of the ship ( greece/italy/turkey ) were the only ones directly affected . 
  then 2-3 years ago the ship started sinking , our collective response was asking greece/italy/turkey why they did n't plug the unpluggable hole in the hull . 
  halfway last year the rest of europe finally started noticing that we were already up to our waist in water . 
  this entire thing will go down in the history books as a crisis of inaction and selfishness . 
  you really do n't see the irony in your comment ? 
  well lets see what the unhcr says about croatia/south-eastern europe ,  however , many asylum-seekers and refugees move on before their international protection needs have been assessed . 
  such movements are prompted in part by : difficulties in applying for asylum , for example at borders ; inadequate or insufficient reception conditions ; low recognition rates ; or a lack of local integration prospects . 
   are you seriously suggesting someone payed a smuggler a small fortune to risk their lives getting to greece ? 
  initially , 4-5 years ago , yes . 
   granted it 's not just germany . 
  england and sweden are popular as well , but germany is the big one . 
  because it and sweden have been the sole two countries in europe who had both the means and political will to make a real effort to help these people . 
  no they are not . 
  no matter how often you people repeat that delusional meme . 
  why so serious ? 
  either we get our shit together in the next 50-100 years or we end up in a nightmare . 
   i want to see refugee camps monitored by the red cross . 
  3 meals a day , heated tents and basic sanitation , school lessons for the kids , families prioritised and no right to claim benefits in the host country . 
  or some version of that , at least . 
  congratulations you just solved half the refugee crisis . 
  now lets get our collective national governments to finally work together on getting this done instead of screaming `` not my problem until it affects me directly '' . 
   i think history is the biggest block to that though . 
  you can build temporary holding facilities , people are ok with that . 
  but keeping people in camps as a permanent solution ? 
  still too hitlerish for most people . 
  nope , problem is nobody wants to foot the bill . 
   if everyone just sends them forward to germany it becomes their problem . 
  since they are both the cause and the principal reason we do n't have a solution , i think it 's only fair . 
  yes . 
  germany caused the rise of isis , the instability in iraq , the syrian civil war , the lack of a decent international response early on in the refugee crisis , the lack of help for turkey , lebanon and jordan in dealing with refugees , the lack of support for greece and italy these last few years with the refugee influx . 
  germany did all that . 
  all germany 's fault . 
   according to german press reports `` i know a guy who knows a guy who heard that x '', 
   the population was 30 % jewish before the establishment of israel the majority being recent arrivals in the preceding 50-100 years . 
  because you need to get the bullshit cultural bagage out of the way to get to the unified world government bit . 
  as long as you have people insisting that their culture is a unique snowflake which should n't be allowed to change you are n't going to get any serious large scale inter-nation cooperation . 
   but they do n't legitimize the entire idea of a jewish state . 
  * delegitimize, 
   for that money we could have fed a lot of refugees in syria , lebanon or turkey . 
  but we did n't so they came this way . 
   what 's the end goal . 
  unified world government , post scarcity economy , worldwide multi-culti mixed culture . 
  its either that or post apocalyptic hellhole . 
  we have 50-100 years to get to option number 1 , if we do n't its option number 2 . 
  you really do n't see the problem with a bunch of americans and europeans going to the middle-east and establishing their own country with the moral and legal justification being `` my great great great , etc , etc , etc father lived here '' ? 
   because when you look at the facts you 'll see israel is a beacon of democracy and civilization in a sea of savagery . 
  and that kind of bullshit would be exactly * why * so many lefties have a problem with israel . 
  you do n't get to describe yourself like that when you pull some of the shit israel does . 
  just for context , this whole thing is about 1200 people who * they * get to hand pick . 
  you what now ? 
  where exactly ? 
  in turkey ? 
  less than 20 % of the refugees in turkey are in a refugee camp , there 's no room . 
  they are full and they have been full for the last 2/3 years . 
  same goes for refugee camps in lebanon , jordan , iraq , greece , italy , etc. 
  turkey , greece , jordan , lebanon ... 
  it does n't matter , the point is we need to realize that we ca n't just dump the biggest refugee crisis since wwii on a handful of relatively poor countries just because they happen to be next door to the conflict . 
  provided * what * and * where * ? 
   even after the referendum they still wont shut up about breaking up the uk . 
  the butthurt is unbearable . 
  guess what the uk will be like if the pro-eu camp wins with 50.1 % of the vote ? 
  [ well ... this is how i feel . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vmolndabnhi ), 
  i mean . . you do n't really want `` asylum seeker dies because british government denied him oxygen '' headlines do you ? 
  eh ... i would n't call 1-2 million refugees `` overblown '' . 
  i do think our general reaction to the whole thing has been somewhat ridiculous . 
  but lets not pretend that its a minor thing . 
  you can joke about it but we are talking about the greek/turkish coastline here , not exactly a flat seabed . 
  you know this might sound crazy but ... who says there is n't a 3 meter drop off right next to him ? 
  maybe , how about you try to put in words exactly * what * change you want first ? 
  because in this context `` detained '' fits a lot better . 
  arguably both , depending on the context . 
  * detained, 
  depends on how you look at it . 
  catholic christians have the pope . 
  russian orthodox christians have patriarch kirill greek orthodox christians have bartholomew i of constantinople . 
  the church of england has the archbishop of canterbury/the queen . 
  sunni muslims have a dozen grand mufti 's . 
  shia muslims have a dozen grand ayatollah 's . 
  well in that case , https://youtu.be/k001iqax4zi ^ translation : ^ `` there ^ is ^ a ^ horse ^ in ^ the ^ hallway '', 
  * back to, 
   and half a year later they broke the wall between two flats and house their horses inside ( on the 3rd floor !!! ), 
  so did the horses take the elevator or the stairs ? 
  funny thing is , they often use a mishmash of halal/kosher procedure so they can use/export the meat to any market that will take it . 
  generally in a european supermarket/not specifically halal butcher you can expect halal to be kosher and kosher to be halal . 
  alternatively , the daughter could move to south-africa .
