   80 % moslem immigrants 40ish % actually . 
  interesting . 
  i knew a former deutsche bank guy who had a gold bar as a paperweight . 
  ( yes a real one ), 
   previous waves of immigrants did fine in those same suburbs , though . 
  arguably in smaller and less dense numbers . 
  call me crazy but if a `` significant number of muslims were dancing in the streets in celebration '' , surely somebody , somewhere would have reported it , or filmed it or whatever ? 
  granted i was off by a decade . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/assessing-immigrant-integration-sweden-after-may-2013-riots  the geographical segregation in housing has largely been the unintended consequence of sweden 's refugee resettlement efforts and its miljonprogram ( million program ) , an ambitious public housing program implemented by the social democrats in 1964 and again in 1974 . 
   the program 's objective was to meet the growing demand for housing in urban areas , where 85 percent of the country 's population lives , by constructing 1 million new homes over the span of a decade . 
  although these neighborhoods initially were home to large numbers of working-class swedes , they now have high concentrations of immigrant-origin populations . 
   in part , this is due to government housing policies that aimed to place new immigrant arrivals in available housing . 
  situated in the suburbs of major cities such as stockholm , g\u00f6teborg , and malm\u00f6 , these neighborhoods have become known as betongf\u00f6rorter ( concrete suburbs ) or immigrant ghettos . 
  well maybe you should n't have dumped them all together in the 70s and 80s . 
  it helps when the majority is true . 
  much more hard hitting i guess . 
   a lot of countries take next to no refugees and nobody cares . 
  australia has pledged more spots than a lot of european countries ... 
  he who cast the first stone ... 
   its only worth paying the little sultan in ankara if doing so actually gets rid of the refugee problem . 
  just a reminder , we are paying him relatively little to fix * our * problem . 
  lets not pretend like we should n't have paid him years earlier . 
  he should have done a wilders when he founded the party . 
  edit : clarification , when wilders founded his pvv party he made himself the only official member . 
  why ? 
  did the afd not turn out extreme enough for him ? 
  that 's commissar to you , peasant !, 
  see here 's the thing ... that . . is actually funny . 
  the poem was not . 
  that was just a `` fuck you '' for publicity . 
   an 11-year-old football-mad krayem this is about as exciting as the revelation that the other guy worked a summer job cleaning the european parliament once ... 
  i say :  kids of nobility and business tycoons . 
  he responds with an article about white working-class boys . 
   a disproportionate amount of these people are converts , after all . 
  or born again for that matter . 
  you look at the guys who did paris and brussels and most of them were petty criminals who did drugs and prostitution and never went to the mosque , not exactly observant muslims . 
   white * working-class * boys, 
  supposedly the world is very politically correct these days yet ... at the time the worst they did to somebody who was arguably portrayed as hitler incarnate ( on that level ) in those days was a 15 second sketch about showering him in underwear . 
  no goat fucking , child porn , child abuse or sheep masturbation . 
   as in so many coastal areas , the fishing fraternity are keen `` outers '' . 
  they talk of the good old days before eu quotas , but it 's not only about fish . 
  those eu quotas are the reason you can still fish ... 
  my first guess would be because non-whites have a hard time getting in to any of a handful of posh schools for stuck up kids of nobility and business tycoons . 
  yes . 
  the writer is delusional . 
  basically what the us did was respond to a wasp sting by randomly attacking two beehives . 
  salami tactics . 
  good news !, 
  what about the great alliance of the kingdoms of england ? 
  step # 3 : libyan government , human rights orgs and various related charities get extremely angry with you . 
  [ kapsalon . 
  ] ( http://hungryforhealthyfood.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/17433_kapsalon.jpg ) fries , shoarma , veggies and melted cheese . 
  garlic sauce is optional . 
  that is north-korea grade propaganda . . 
  so that 's basically 80 million or more on every single referendum topic which is n't about a simple yes/no topic . 
   -- not sure the nhs is threatened , but yes to the point on welfare payments . 
  from what i periodically hear from brits the british government is doing a pretty good job at killing it themselves . 
   last year they spent ~ 800 million on around 15000 asylum seekers . 
  which is unlikely because a cursory google search teaches us they had at least 20.000 last year . 
  as one might assume i do n't read or speak finnish , however from what i can understand from google translate it is n't a straight up 10.000 immigrants = 700 million . 
  if only because immigration does n't cause nice round numbers like that . 
  an ounce of statesmanship either way will cost him votes in the next election . 
  he pushes through the treaty unaltered and he losing opportunity voters to the pvv . 
  he does n't go through with the treaty he loses out with the party base because he caved . 
   and put a revised treaty up for popular vote again . 
  spend another 40 million on this ? 
  i mean really ? 
  nowhere does it say 10.000 immigrants cost 700 million . 
   one third world migrant costs the government around 5000 $ / month you ca n't make that claim without actually you know ... backing it up . 
  and what are the associated costs with `` poor native families '' ? 
  edit : i take that back , i do n't need a response from somebody who uses / r/cringeanarchy as a source . 
  well there 's a shit ton of iraqi 's but no decent data . 
  somalians are n't doing well employment wise but the only public data i could find was either old or severely polluted by british tabloids . 
  there 's relatively little public and verifiable data in sweden on these things but there 's a good 150k iranians most of whom are gainfully employed and as far as i know do n't have a significantly higher crime rate . 
  ( no data on that last one but i assume british tabloids would pick it up if it was so , in the absence of that i 'm assuming a regular average crime rate ), 
   just too bad for the people whose taxes are paying for it all . 
  of course including previous immigrant waves who despite some early troubles settled in nicely after a while . 
   where ` s the democracy . . 
  the 9th of september 2018 . 
   once again the european federalists are trying to interfere in national democracy to further their agenda . 
  `` lol '', 
  stories like that highlight the unintended consequences such a far reaching decision has . 
   no , there are several reasons why people have voted yes or no . 
  but the referendum at no point gave us any clear reason as to why people voted yes or no . 
  you can certainly speculate about why people voted the way they did but there is no clear reason . 
   the government could reduce financial assistance any assistance is too much since it still leaves geenstijl/tmg/pvv free to say `` they ignored us ! '' . 
   scrap the military chapter there is literally nothing controversial in there . 
   add a chapter saying the eu has no obligation to meet future membership aspirations . 
  why ? 
  why insert a negative statement ? 
  you could just as well have a line in the treaty state `` at no point do any of the involved countries admit the existence of unicorns '' . 
  so you acknowledge that the referendum at no point gave us any clear reason as to why people voted yes or no ? 
  if so , what exactly do you propose the government/eu changes in the agreement ? 
   the child protection service , barnevernet , stresses that in the vast majority of cases when it thinks something 's going wrong in a family , it does n't take the children away . 
  it works with parents to solve the problems and keep the family together . 
  soo ... why not in this case ? 
  i do n't know , probably some random russian dashcam video about something ridiculous . 
   because you can find the real refugees and invite them safely from the camps . 
  small issue , the ones in the camps largely do n't * want * to leave . 
  the more than 2 million in turkey alone outside of them ... well that 's another story .
