  unless i missed something it is n't ( yet ) illegal to provide food to illegals or hand out blankets . 
  i bet the records keeper got executed !, 
  [ in time we will recreate it !, 
  ] ( https://friedfoo.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/doggerland2.jpg ), 
  surprisingly , saying `` not my fault '' does not magically fix the problem . 
   why ca n't they run to turkey ? 
  because turkey is already taking care of 3 million-ish refugees and we are n't really doing that much to help them ? 
   remember , at least 60 % of those claiming to be refugees are actually economic migrants . 
  even timmermans stated as such . 
  of course what did n't get much press was his clarification that those numbers were for december 2015 only . 
  [ or the unhcr 's press release about january 2016 . 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/migration/132048 )  it would do a lot more good and help many more actual refugees in the camps . 
  if only we 'd have done something 4 years ago like you know ... actually helping in a meaningful way . 
  that money * could * help the camps but even without the refugee stream it would have never been spent on that . 
  short of outright giving out cash money for every birth there is n't much you can do about low birthrates . 
  could that money have done a lot more good getting spent on refugee camps in the region ? 
  certainly . 
  but we did n't spend it on refugee camps 4 years ago and without the refugee stream coming this way we still would n't be spending it . 
  that 's also the problem with the `` close the borders '' idea , its a policy of out of sight out of mind . 
  and thanks to that attitude nobody gave a fuck until the problem moved itself to europe ... 
  people seem to forget that we could n't be arsed to help them * over there * , so they naturally came over * here * . 
  but at hundreds , they are manageable . 
  at thousands you have to start hiring extra people to police them . 
  italy blocked the previous payment and you ask if we can trust erdogan ? 
  there 's a slight difference between urinating on 2 year old tiles and 500 year old bricks . 
  how are you feeling right now ? 
   since around 60 % are estimated not to be refugees . 
  i knew it ... he said it and therefore people are going to keep repeating it even though it was wrong ... that number was based on december 2015 only . 
  [ here 's a fun one , baarle-nassau/baarle-hertog in the netherlands/belgium . 
  ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/5111+baarle-nassau/@51.4349424,4.9070198,13z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x47c6a5342570ab1d:0x808696d1e9939744 ) literally cuts living rooms/front doors in half . 
  i ca n't wait for guzzy 's response . 
  there 's a bit of a difference in gdp of course ... 
  except there were none involved , muslims that is . 
  other than having extra stuff to argue about with people on the internet , nothing . 
   fat slags that is so ... british . 
  why not ? 
  we do business with far worse . 
  any recent numbers on that ? 
  the unhcr page says 45,000 total in june 2015 . 
  45,000 on a population of 11 million . 
  ( june 2015 , if anyone has more recent numbers ? ), 
  for context , lebanon had 1.2 million on a population of 4-5 million in june 2015 . 
  ( its doubled in the last 6 months ), 
   the war in ukraine ~ ~ was ~ ~ ** is ** some intense shit . 
  when mussolini rolled over for hitler . 
  if you are n't tied to a specific date you can pretty much fly from any point in western europe to another point in western europe for as little as 10-15 euro 's . 
  i 'm going to go with a little bit of both but leaning heavily towards the `` stuck '' side . 
  for exactly the same reason , its already saddled with 2-3 million refugees . 
   to pay for their upkeep . 
  for god sake stop saying this . 
  its about looking tough on immigrants , * not * about paying for upkeep . 
  i 'd like to know why everyone is so fucking intent on dumping this on north-africa . 
   set up asylum processing centers in the refugee camps : this already happens and it does n't work as long as we half ass it . 
   the new message should be `` stay in your camps . 
  apply for asylum there . 
  great , so build more of them . 
  less than 20 % of the refugee population in turkey is in a camp . 
  great , now go convince your government . 
  no they are n't ... 
  i know timmermans said it but the numbers do n't actually add up . 
  the left , me included , have been begging eu members nations for increased refugee camps for four fucking years, 
   to pay for their upkeep . 
  stop it . 
  this is about politicians wanting to look tough on immigrants , simple as that . 
  nothing . 
  neither frontex , the unhcr nor eurostat has any numbers which confirm what timmermans said . 
  http://www.joop.nl/nieuws/82189 getallen nepvluchtelingen timmermans blijken onvindbaar tl ; dr nobody can confirm his numbers , not the unhcr , not eurostat and not frontex . 
  lo and behold , turns out nobody actually has data which confirms what timmermans said . 
  frontex , the unhcr and eurostat all have data which tells a different story . 
   a majority of the `` real refugees '' have come from safe refugee camps in turkey and lebanon and the only reason why they left is for economic benefit . 
  that 's going to be difficult considering less then 20 % of the refugee population in turkey is in a refugee camp . 
  more like `` wijkagent '' . 
   and i think the method of only allowing those from the refugee camps to seek asylum ( rather than refugees / migrants migrating across borders illegally ) is the best-case scenario to solving this crisis . 
  it would be if we made a genuine effort . 
  in that case they are playing the long con . 
  crime has steadily decreased year after year over the last 10 years . 
   external immigrant and refugee camps would likely help a lot since both would that stop the immigration and the apprehended immigrants would be deported . 
  if only we had helped turkey 4 years ago ... 
  a preemptive visit to possibly radicalized people is sort of counter productive is n't it ? 
  no sense in alerting them that they are being watched . 
  crime is down , has been for years . 
  funny though how even anti-immigrant publications will usually go for the striking emotional photo ... 
  or just maybe photographers have a natural eye for making striking emotional photo 's and editors have a natural eye for picking striking emotional photo 's . 
  well you have to be when they send you a suitcase full of cash every once in a while . 
  ( clarification for non-dutch people , this is not some poke at jewish stereotypes , former party members have claimed the party receives suitcases full of cash from israeli persons ), 
   however , when said democratic government is criticized far more extensively and thoroughly than other governments which do much worse things small detail that people ignore in making this argument . 
  those other governments do n't claim to be the shining example of democracy and human rights in the region . 
   but it will be a lot cheaper for the county to take in the immigrant , as the immigrant will pay part of the stay himself . 
  so you take his last bit of cash and manage to pay a week of his stay with it , hardly makes a dent . 
   this in turn , might , and i say might , make the immigrant want to work for himself . 
  i 'm not even ... 
  still empty political gesturing to make politicians look tough on migrants . 
  actually rich migrants can just buy citizenship in bulgaria or malta . 
  are single men lesser human beings ? 
  besides many have family in turkey and lebanon waiting for family reunification . 
  so no southern christian americans then ? 
  unfortunately it appears our national governments are unable or unwilling to work together on such a project . 
  i mean its not like we have n't had 4 years to do this already . 
  when turkey asked for help , fuck you . 
  when greece and italy asked for help , fuck you .
