  i do n't know . 
  i mean , its unlikely but stranger things have happened . 
  well no , not really now suddenly . 
  it correlates perfectly with a waning interest by charity donors and governments in the war , which has resulted in the unhcr not getting enough funds and having to slash food budgets in the camps by half ... at the same time the situation in lebanon is deteriorating because well ... obviously its going to when a country of 4 million gets an influx of 1 to 2 million refugees . 
  yeeeees because the guy on the rescue boat obviously had an agenda in making a random photo of a boat full of people ... 
   spot the hipster versus spot the illegal immigrant [ what about that guy on the left ? 
  ] ( http://hipsterfestival.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/black-hipster-fashion-men-women.jpg ), 
   there is still the problem of cultural integration . 
  mexicans , and latin americans in general , are way closer to us or europe culturally speaking than the average middle-eastern , and have a larger intersection of common values . 
  time and time again i hear people saying this but can anyone please explain to me why this should be an issue ? 
  without resorting to rants about sharia law . 
  perhaps , but that should n't be a cartooney slave tetris game . 
  its a serious topic and not suitable for a `` lets have fun with information ! '', 
  type approach . 
  just about 20 % , of which a quarter or so are from other european countries and another quarter or so from former colonies . 
  what the current situation shows is that we can not handle a * small * influx of refugees . 
  and yes , i say * small * . 
  because less then a million is by all accounts * small * . 
  imagine if the situation in ukraine deteriorates further and we have to deal with several ** million ** refugees . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/a5gg7gdk5qk ), 
  weirdly high quality picture . . 
  have you ever seen the roads in belgium ? 
  even without any signs you know exactly when you 've crossed the border in to belgium :p, 
  looks very ... inviting ... 
  and therein lies the problem ... from britain to bulgaria you have the majority of each countries population thinking `` not my problem '' or `` throw some money at it ( but not too much ) '' . 
  meanwhile in reality it is their problem and we are n't throwing enough money at the problem as it is . 
  each year the unhcr has to practically beg the member nations to get even half of the funds that they need . 
  in the last couple of years they have had to cut food budgets in refugee camps by half . 
  no offense but ... do n't you pretty much trip over war criminals in serbia ? 
  because most brits i talk to can do nothing other then complain about the eu . 
  since when is poroshenko a general ? 
  leave , please , i 'm tired of the uk 's endless complaining . 
  wha . . so there are chechen jihadists fighting on ukraine 's side and * former * chechen jihadists fighting on russia 's side ? 
  so ... they can choose to either ... 1 . 
  fight for a brutal dictator 2 . 
  chop heads off 3 . 
  fight for a rebel group which really does n't have any chance of beating either . 
  you are making the mistake of thinking the brits consider anyone a non-economic migrant . 
  no , japan is actually in a really bad financial situation ... 
  they have a bigger dept then greece , difference is that for the moment they can still pay it off . 
  for the moment ... because they have a rapidly aging population and a dismal birth rate . 
  its in your blood i guess , 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ktz99tx.jpg ) and the rest of r/slavs _ squatting, 
  i 'm sorry i have to take the opportunity to ask , what is with the adidas suits and the squatting ? 
  why german ? 
  problem is that nobody in power wants to fix the system . 
   they 're saying that , instead of taking those who have queued patiently , or those in the camps who have been classified by the un as refugees , we should allow a lucky few to jump the queue by breaking the law . 
  there is no line , that is the problem . 
  they have no legal way of getting over here except patiently waiting and hope that in a few years the eu member nations get their act together and start resettling refugees . 
  there is no legal way for refugees to get in other then the regular immigration process which takes years . 
  the only single piece of evidence you have that they are refusing food because it is n't halal is because some random guy on youtube decided to say so . 
  maybe a good opportunity to employ some of these refugees , find a couple who speak good english and hire them to translate , 
  haha . 
  zombie russian wwii soldiers come back from the grave to reconquer the ussr . 
  would make a welcome change from all the nazi zombie movies !, 
   the police speak macedonian . 
  i would assume that the news crew also did , yet apparently they could n't be bothered to ask the police anything . 
  so the conversation has devolved in to a random unhinged rant on religion ? 
  i would assume the police/soldiers there at least speak their own language though . . 
  its whatever i remember from when it happened like 6 months ago . 
  they seemed to be heading to a central location though did n't they ? 
  maybe a table or tent or something to hand the boxes or whatever was in them out ? 
   the macedonian press speculated that they refused the aid because there were crosses on the boxes , i pity the macedonians for their shitty press which apparently filmed an item there but for some reason neglected to ask anyone there what was actually going on . 
  and if what you said was the reason , open the fucking boxes . 
  for all they know they might be filled with bibles or some shit . 
  the only english text in that video was overlayed by whoever uploaded it . 
  at no point do you see them attempting to hand out the boxes 3 . 
  for all you know they are shouting `` we are hungry gives us whatever you have in those boxes '', 
  implication , immigrant tries to rape woman . 
  reality , might as well be a tourist or a guy who was born there . 
  point is , you do n't know . 
  good , so that means no more russian soldiers and tanks can get lost right ? 
  they have already been processed . 
  i do n't know if they were already given an official status but they had already been processed otherwise they would n't be shipping them off to nowhere . 
   this video is completly out of context and in this form can only be used as propaganda exactly why these people are posting them . 
  `` rural area '' of course meaning a couple hundred km from the nearest large city in the middle of fucking nowhere in the snow . 
  hundreds of kilometers away from the nearest immigrant support networks and possible relatives or friends . 
  lets not pretend that was a reasonable location . 
  [ varoufakis of course , the germans admitted as much !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/afl9wfgje0m ), 
  neither is ignoring the problem and dumping it on turkey , lebanon , italy and greece . 
  yes and even with the numbers coming this way turkey is still being overwhelmed . 
  and what about lebanon ? 
  where a quarter of the population consists of refugees . 
   if germany wants to help it should fund the refugee camps in turkey . 
  that money would help many more people . 
  or we could all for once fully pay our unhcr contributions , but we rarely do for some reason which is why food budgets in the refugee camps have been cut by half or more . 
  because a syrian refugee can just hop on a plane right ? 
  which is a nice theory but does n't really work in practice because those first states are completely overwhelmed . 
  * mostly from former colonies, 
  the wealthy ones are in saudi-arabia or other gulf states . 
  what we are talking about are what was the middle-class . 
   i presume many have left houses * piles of rubble, 
  this is not the 90s , not everyone outside of the us and europe is walking around with nokia 's . 
  russian stooge then ? 
  considering i have n't heard it mentioned in the last two moths or so ... 
  you worded it better then me . 
  you have no idea how frustrating it is for the rest of us . 
  pro-russian dictator in charge atm, 
  answering that would imply that i know what `` deal '' you are talking about .
