  not the worst type of images , but rather bellicose slogans , '' he said . 
  `` it shows he had an appreciation of that but it does not prove he had links with terrorist organizations . '', 
  so was everyone else back then . 
  sounds like george carlin . 
  lies , americans do n't drink tea !, 
  they better be . 
  la shut down its public school system recently because of an obviously fake email . 
  this better be something more then a facebook post or something . 
  because its cheap and abundant ? 
   if localised tax rates are too overburdening on servicing specific regions , those costs will be passed onto the customers . 
  if netflix has to pay more tax for its uk subscribers , they will just charge uk subscribers even more . 
  they could have bothered to at least pay * something * . 
  that 's what we get for ignoring a problem for 4-5 years . 
  still misunderstanding him ... go back , read his comment again . 
   you are literally saying living in sweden is worse than a warzone , its getting bizarre . 
  no , you are deliberately misunderstanding him . 
   `` over the next few years we lived in seriously cramped conditions of five to a room ''  `` with food vouchers for milk and bread secured , we lurched from one squalid temporary accommodation to the next . '', 
   `` we had to start the whole process again , and waited for 10 more years for permanent housing . '', 
  yes . 
  clearly this story describes utopia for refugees . 
  europe is n't in any mess . 
   not to mention a lot of people need to wait for years before they get any sort of decision on their asylum request . 
  no one wants to sit in a camp waiting for years because you 're just losing time . 
  as an example , there was an interview on tv a while ago with a refugee in a camp in turkey , his * initial * intake appointment to start the procedure was set in 2017 . 
   for countries in which there is e.g. 
  not enough food available anymore in the camps , this is different . 
  but this is not the case for turkey . 
  * in * the camps . 
  less then 20 % of the refugees in turkey are actually in a camp . 
  the rest have to make do with a stipend from the turkish government which barely covers rent . 
   neighbors are obligated to provide asylum ** ( with international help ) ** . 
  that last part is what has been lacking for the last 4 years and will likely continue to be lacking in the near future . 
   and turkey as shown some willingness to host the refugees if the european union pays the bills for it , which the eu is willing to do not really . 
  if the recent deal has a significant impact on the refugee influx you can bet your ass we will ignore turkey the next time they ask for help . 
  keep in mind that the recent deal only provided for a one time 3 billion in aid to turkey . 
  assume that there are 2 million refugees in turkey ( likely more ) that comes out to 1,500 euro 's for each refugee . 
  turkey will need more aid in a couple of months and we are unlikely to provide it . 
  and that is assuming that we actually stick to our end of this deal and provide the 3 billion in a timely manner , which we likely wont . 
  perspective matters . 
  it was too much of a culture shock for him . 
  he now believes that if he and his kids stay his son will be an alcoholic and his daughter a whore . 
  its stupid but understandable . 
  when asked , yes . 
  not on your own though unless you are a very very regular guest . 
  greece 's border is impossible to secure , unless you want to start shooting people . 
  some of the greek islands are almost literally a stones throw away from the turkish coast . 
  look at that map in the sidebar , see all those dots right next to turkey ? 
  almost all of those belong to greece . 
  running away also does n't actively contribute to the continuation of said conflict . 
   i seriously think we could do more good in the refugee camps . 
  certainly , but it seems we ca n't be bothered to actually help until they show up on our doorstep . 
  would n't want to make house calls on those roads of yours , 
  got it , i 'll make a google news alert for french tourists and bookmark the nearest french restaurant in maps . 
  ah i see , so if say a french tourist gets in to a fight with a police officer i 'm entitled to attack the nearest french restaurant ? 
  nah man , 1 million people suddenly showed up because she told them to !, 
   it would make more sense since most of them are economic migrants . 
  just because somebody is n't from syria does n't mean they are n't refugees . 
  take eritrea for example , no war so you 'd think they are just here for the money right ? 
  except eritrea is often referred to as the `` north-korea of africa '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_slovakia islam does n't even show up . 
  give it a couple of decades extra . 
  bishop from anatolia  stories about him mix with pagan customs  saint nick  exported to the americas  they reinvent him in to a jolly old fat guy in a red suit and export him right back to us which brings us to the rather absurd situation in the netherlands where we have * both * . 
  or a tl ; dr in rap form , https://youtu.be/hk-72kgca5e, 
   and much more lets not be shy about what they do , crucifixions and beheadings . 
  the difference between isis and saudi-arabia is a better pr dept. 
  and i doubt france wants to give up the strasbourg thing . 
  whoever signed that deal is getting a kickback from the cruise ship company . 
  its inevitable . 
  eventually the earth is going to get divided up in to a handful of superstates . 
  these people exist and they are n't going to disappear the moment we build a wall around europe . 
  we ignored the problem until it was on our doorstep and then we panicked when we could n't ignore it anymore . 
  and 100 % do n't want to get a cold this winter , that does n't change the reality . 
   puts a whole other outlook on a sustainable future economy . 
  so does automation . 
  i half expected a squarespace ad at the end of the article . 
   but maybe putting 1500 in one place is a bit much . 
  way better then what they were doing previously . 
  until recently they had dozens of groups of 100-200 refugees stay in whatever empty space they could find for 3 days and then move them to the next empty space for 3 days , again and again and again . 
  apparently one group got moved around like that every 3 days for 3 months . 
  you misspelled $ haria . 
   edit : euro 200 million is the cost of the fence apparently , that can be a starting point for your research . 
  hungary is now home to one fucking rich fence builder . 
  the unhcr website i guess . 
  so how long until we get a writing prompt about how that was the last thing holding back zombie hitler from rising from his bunker beneath it ? 
  shitty thing is , if it ends up being 52 % for leaving , they will leave and not come back . 
  if it ends up 52 % for staying it will just get used as an excuse for another referendum a couple years later . 
   it may make things easier for a lot of european who feel that their money is being wasted at the moment on people who are not actual refugees and are only economic migrants . 
  it 's a matter of principles . 
  a.k.a sympoolpolitiek a law with no real positive real world effects created solely to make the voters feel better . 
  its not like this is going to make a realistic noticeable dent in refugee care costs . 
  heirlooms are a thing . 
  the difference with taxes is that we do n't tax jewelry ownership 4 . who says they wont be giving back in regular normal taxes in a couple of years ? 
  there 's a dutch word for policies like these `` symboolpolitiek '' , it means this is a policy designed solely to appease voters . 
  alternatively , you could bolt yatsenyuk to the ground at the start of the session . 
   to my understanding : most of the syrian refugee stay in camp managed the united nation and are not allowed to stay in mainland . 
  ( the same in lebanon , jordan etc. . . ) less then 20 % actually . 
  surviving , trying to get on with living . 
  what else ? 
  i would remind everyone that until we know more this one can go both ways ... 
  keep in mind that while part of the difference between the first and second round may be explained by tactical voting there are probably also more people turning up to vote * against * fn in the second round who did not vote in the first .
