   he should do what 's good for the eurozone interest rates could dip in to the negative soon . 
  imagine you have a savings account with -1.2 % interest . 
  sp voter here , i did not agree with my own party on this treaty . 
  i propose we split up the country between us and france and make brussels into a sort of vatican city for the un and other international organizations . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_yanukovych#removal_from_presidency that included many members of his own party . 
  and what about the treaty with georgia ? 
  or any of the dozen others currently in negotiation ? 
   the dutch just told them to fuck off . 
  * 15 % -20 % of the dutch , a portion of whom did n't care about the treaty and just wanted to vote against the eu . 
   which led to coup the presidents own party helped vote him out ... 
   what changes do you think would satisfy the no-camp ? 
  realistically nothing since the vocal leaders of the no camp set out to make it a referendum on the eu itself , not on the treaty . 
   countries shouldnt be corrupt in the first place before joining the eu . 
  in that case italy , poland and spain should n't be members either . 
  and realistically , neither should england . 
  edit : or bulgaria , romania and greece . 
   how hard would it be to conduct an eu-referendum for every single citizen ? 
  just the dutch referendum had a price tag of 40 million euro 's . 
  now scale that up from 17 million people to 508 million . 
  i did not intentionally lie . 
  i ca n't help it who people down or upvote . 
  because the main premise was true . 
  1100 in cologne of which most ( 60 % ish if i remember correctly ) concerned pick-pocketing and muggings , not sexual assault . 
  [ this guy . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/pnjg22gbo6u ), 
  are you willing to help pay for it ? 
  just this one referendum cost us 40 million euro 's , now imagine holding a half dozen each year . 
  so lets say we have a vote on every single association treaty . 
  anything else ? 
  because just association agreements currently in negotiation number in the dozens . 
  figure of speech , substitute `` a lot '' . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/jun/22/new-immigration-rules-cost-nhs-millions-nursing http://www.bbc.com/news/health-33201189, 
   once the uk leaves the eu the uk will put in place a sensible immigration policy like that 35k income policy which threatened to deport half the nhs nurses ? 
  i know , i had that 17 million people song in my head and assumed +1, 
  no shit , it would be a travesty of justice , democracy and good taste if a couple million people could sabotage a treaty concerning 490 million other eu citizens and 42.7 million ukrainian citizens . 
  15 % -20 % of 18 million people just sabotaged something which concerns 508 million other people . 
  that is how i see it . 
  do me a favor , watch `` this world , world war three : inside the war room '' from the bbc . 
  surprisingly realistic . 
  would we go to war over lithuania ? 
  i doubt it . 
  more salami slices !, 
  then get together a like minded group and organize a referendum on that . 
  not on some unrelated shit which could very well push ukraine back to russia . 
  not at all , the against camp has openly said they do n't care about the treaty or ukraine , they just grabbed the first relevant thing they could hold an anti-eu referendum about . 
   why the hell are all of the ukrainians so obsessed with using the word while there is a perfectly fine english version of it its a / r/polandball meme at this point . 
  and what did your mother teach you ? 
  funny thing of course is that ukraine is a non-nuclear power because nato assured them they would help if russia ever pulled any bullshit . 
  and yet these days russia is literally slicing pieces off georgia and ukraine . 
  [ yes , prime minister - nuclear deterrent/the button ] ( https://youtu.be/ix_d_vmkswe ), 
  moroccans are asylum seekers , they are not refugees . 
  funny , no refugees . 
   look , it is extremely unlikely that every single supposed rebel in ukraine is actually a russian agent . 
  the fact that russia could find proxies in ukraine confirms there 's internal conflict . 
  as isis proves , you can always find some thousands of idiots to fight an unwinnable war . 
  right decision for the wrong reason . 
  reminds me of when an american billionaire wanted to start his own country on some deserted atoll , if i remember correctly within two weeks the king of one of the neighboring islands invaded using the royal sloop , a handful of soldiers and a marching band . 
  and yet a very small one for a supposed `` sharia ruled no-go zone '' . 
  i 'm going to go with hassle free military bases . 
  any chance that we might see the first all pirate party government ? 
  granted i 'm not a doctor or butcher but assuming the yellow area on the elderly man 's head is supposed to be cut away skin i would expect at least some blood somewhere on the chair or his clothes . 
  i assume belgium has its own version of antifa . 
  which is why several of them are now in jail . . 
  tl ; dr car driver was being held at gunpoint by police , decided to speed through a police barrier , hit a woman , police caught them , also found smoke bombs in the car . 
  these were not people who wanted to peacefully protest or drive through the city . 
  nobody seems to have bothered translating the most important piece . 
  tl ; dr car driver was being held at gunpoint by police , decided to speed through a police barrier , hit a woman , police caught them , also found smoke bombs in the car . 
  these were not people who wanted to peacefully protest or drive through the city . 
  as somebody else already pointed out , several of these guys are in jail and the organization itself was banned . 
  so repeat after me , `` assumption is the mother of all ... '', 
  except that sharia4belgium was banned and several of its members were jailed . 
  because contrary to popular belief muslims make up only 40 % of molenbeek . 
  assuming they have family in germany , they likely did . 
  `` shit might happen at some point in the near or distant future . '', 
   everyone thought `` it was too ridiculous and clear scaremongering '' it still is , the numbers they claim are ridiculous . 
  shit happened , yes . 
  but not that many . 
  guzzy is awesome , 
  at least bother to post a half decent translated tl ; dr and no , a google translate link is not sufficient , you lose context that way . 
  [ and the song of the greatest city in the world !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/jpcvwsee4wc ), 
  vodka and \u043a\u043e\u043b\u0431\u0430\u0441\u0430 for everyone !, 
  as i 've said in other threads , the eu 's supposed `` western values '' pretty much end at the borders with poland , hungary , etc, 
  i mean ... at least its somewhat less worse than the nazi 's `` kill the whole village '' approach right ? 
  you must be the first gitmo apologist i 've come across . 
  you skipped over the part about how they kept delaying trials and/or releases for people they knew perfectly well were innocent for years . 
  but that is n't really what the law was about , there is precedent for stripping somebody with a double nationality of their citizenship and deporting them . 
  and regardless , dumping your own problems on somebody else is bad form . 
  if the shit worked al-qaeda and the taliban would be gone and isis would n't exist . 
  all 3 of them still exist . 
  clearly it has not fucking worked . 
  of course locking people up willy-nilly rarely if ever works . 
  if you have any suspicion at all somebody wants to blow himself up you try to keep him away from people , you do n't let him get on a packed bus and then take him down in a busy metro station . 
  hell for all you know he has a dead man 's switch . 
  if i remember correctly is n't it pretty much agreed this was a case of `` oops , we assassinated the wrong guy '' ? 
   this plan would 've only targeted those who hold multiple citizenships . 
  as somebody else somewhere in this thread said , nope . 
  this was about people with sole french citizenship . 
  dual citizenship 's already have a law and its already been done . 
  again , it works both ways .
