  outside of the outcome of this referendum its the best i have to go on right now . 
  `` unaccountable eu send billions to foreign shithole ! '', 
  i can see that headline right now . 
  i mean its damned if you do damned if you do n't . 
  ah but then you would lose your northern military bases . 
  maybe , you guys are certainly the loudest about it though . 
   therefore , the uk wants reform to the eu , yet feels sidelined by german and french interests especially , in essence , we feel we do n't really have a say ... could have something to do of course with your general disinterest towards any eu matters outside the ones that benefit you . 
  and as i told another brit regarding immigration , most of your immigrants come from other eu nations or from your former colonies . 
  i think your comment proves more then the photo . 
  i mean really ? 
  ungrateful refugees who throw away the food you gave them , in the trash bin ? 
  mexico is n't a part of this continent . 
  and care to provide some actual examples for the red tape ? 
  and regarding immigration , they make up 12 % of your population and the vast majority are either from other eu countries or from former colonies of yours . 
  [ also , seems like this guy was n't wrong ... ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j7lji/this_is_the_officially_the_new_question_to_be/cumz537 ), 
  scotland actually has stuff to complain about , the uk just wants more special treatment . 
   would you care to provide supporting evidence of your claims here ? 
  every time i see a british news article which does n't come from the guardian and i read the comments . 
  to be blunt , my personal opinion is that you guys can fuck off . 
  you just want the benefits and throw a tantrum every time you have to suffer even a minor downside . 
  could you at least have the decency not to downvote somebody you are having a discussion with . 
   we already give 13 billion a year as foreign aid drop in the bucket . 
  and on a 743 billion budget . 
  indeed , which means the entire thing will be shut down . 
  am i not getting my point across ? 
  you brits need to get your heads out of the ground , like it or not we all have to have a hand in solving this problem . 
  right now you people are just going `` lalalala cant hear you '' . 
  dreadful business old chap . 
  indeed . 
  and right now france is holding back thousands of people from storming in to that tunnel and beating down the gate on the other side . 
  so as i said , keep up your island mentality and someday france is going to stop keeping them back . 
   there the small issue of the english channel there 's this tunnel underneath it ... 
   to `` can only apply for asylum from outside the eu and can not enter until approved '' no . 
  solely because there is nowhere outside of the eu for all of them to stay . 
  the camps and support systems in lebanon , turkey and jordan are already bursting at the seams . 
  keep it up . 
  at some point france is going to have enough and open the gates and then you can deal with them on your side . 
  hyperbolic statement , obviously . 
  charities , regular services for homeless , churches , begging , working under the table and private initiatives obviously fill the gap at this time . 
  that is not however a long term solution and they know it hence why a lot move on to countries with better more stable support systems . 
   merely a kerfuffle a fracas . . 
  i 'm still waiting for that piece on the rapists in those big old buildings in central london . 
  funny how we do n't hear about those anymore is n't it ... 
   civil war caused by large scale immigration was what happened in lebanon and will likely happen again within a year or two if we do nothing to alleviate pressure from lebanon . 
  well they are n't klingon 's after all ... 
  [ remember !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/yfl6lu3xqw0?t=7s ), 
  changing one word does n't change the context , meaning and implications of the rest of them . 
  the bigger problem for them might be though that they know they could n't really get away with treating fellow muslims the way they treat indian immigrant labor . 
  because the gulf countries do n't want them . 
  to be blunt , they could n't get away with shafting them like they do indian immigrant workers . 
  [ birmingham , uk , is a muslim country man !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/a5gg7gdk5qk ) ^ ( watch the ** entire ** video before you up or downvote ) edit : what did i say ... watch the entire video !, 
  its a joke people !, 
  pretty much why they do n't stay in italy , greece or bulgaria either . 
  what use is a safe country if they 're going to let you die of hunger or cold instead . 
  * * not saying any of these countries intentionally do this , fact is that their support systems are underfunded and overwhelmed . 
  zero , because they do n't give a fuck . 
  afghanistan has n't been a stable nation for half a century . 
   yes you do . 
  go to live in their midst and you will see their hidden practices and behaviours . 
  also , when the muslim community will be in larger numbers , their disrespect for our democratic ways will seep in and take greater public form . 
  the manchester debacle is just an example . 
  now imagine the reaction when we replace `` muslim '' with `` jew '' in the context of your comment . 
  why in this day and age are we still forcing people to shake hands ? 
  keeping in mind for a moment how often a day you wash your hands and/or touch a bathroom door handle or a piece of money . 
  do i agree with the religious reasoning ? 
  that said its a ridiculous reason not to hire somebody . 
  how about you turn this in to english first instead of pig latin . 
  if i read the title right now it says a family raped the 6 year old daughter of the `` man '' couple and a senegalese guy and his friends got castrated and jailed . 
  i love those two [ beefcakes ] ( https://youtu.be/alfxcbc1jly ) . 
  most popular native language non-dj is probably [ enzoknol ] ( https://youtu.be/dxqioraeqza ) , hes a vlogger . 
  the guy at two minutes in is his [ brother ] ( https://youtu.be/chazeuzhcbw ) ( guy on right ) , also a popular youtuber . 
  which they are solving by getting their ass out of a war zone and coming here ... 
  not entirely improbable since they make no mention of any cash . 
  and knowing old people the laptop was probably worthless . 
  all i know is that the one time i got mugged in france it was by a lilly white frenchman . 
  worth noting by the way that most somali pirates got into the business because european fishing companies literally emptied the somali coast . 
   and why are n't they being put into `` detention '' until they can be deported ? 
  because its damn expensive ? 
  because it would effectively mean setting up concentration camps on european soil ? 
  we do n't have a third world country next door who we can pay to dump them on ... 
  because its mostly syrians , iraqi 's , eritreans , afghani 's and sudanese coming through libya ? 
  how about you come up with a link to a reputable website instead of a liveleak video ? 
  if china catches you fleeing north-korea , they throw your ass back over the border . 
  guess what african countries do to eritreans ? 
  pretty much the same in every country i think . 
  90 % of ukraine is n't in civil war ...  we should n't be giving asylum to every eritrean yes we damn well should , every single one of them . 
  eritrea is the north-korea of africa . 
  it actually ranks even lower then nk in the press freedom index . 
  [ the albanian rozzers !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/snvomuvrtao ), 
  we do n't need immigrants for that . 
  there 's always a poor underclass rightwing parties can point to . 
  you have an insane amount of empty real estate which would be perfect . 
   most of these have thrown away their identification papers so their country of origin can not be verified . 
  no they have n't and you know it . 
  and do what in western turkey ? 
  its not like they have a work permit or can apply for benefits outside of the camp . 
  same with greece .
