kebab is n't a hipster food though . 
  as opposed to biased history books ? 
  not according to wikipedia . 
  he said while finishing his kebab . 
  are we certain this is n't an elaborate pr campaign for the next bond movie ? 
  missing my point . 
  euro 's are accepted everywhere in europe , dinars or forints are n't accepted outside of their respective countries . 
  hell you ca n't even exchange dinars in many countries at the bank . 
  enlighten me ... 
  yes money . 
  money which tends to be worth more as toilet paper than as money and is in no way usable outside of serbia . 
   google : 1 serbian dinar = 0.009352 u.s. dollars, 
  did he stab himself in the back four times and throw himself off a bridge ? 
  whut ? 
  its pretty much impossible to move a large amount of people from africa to lebanon illegally . 
  there is plenty of food rotting in storage all around the world . 
  a deterrent only works after you use it . 
   make sure that all realistic options to enter europe are blocked . 
  you say it ca n't be done ? 
  ask the old soviet bloc . 
  the iron curtain had its name for a reason . 
  yes , it can be done . 
  that only worked because of copious amounts of landmines , attack dogs and armed guards who were ordered to shoot everyone attempting to go over . 
  well actually more like a week ago but feel free to repost it again ... 
  you could give erdogan ten billion , that still does n't change the fact that a border guard only wants $ 100 . 
  that is a drop in the bucket . 
  the entire region needs ten times as much to deal with this issue . 
  the naacp and the boy scouts, 
  and i bet the name has also come up in connection to banking fraud , robberies and organizing tupperware parties . 
  kinda unavoidable with a membership which ranges anywhere from 10 to 150 million people depending on who you ask . 
  does anyone have a factual source on this other then a google translated hungarian website ? 
   they 're organized groups with the aim of destabilizing europe | 23.4 % who the fuck is spreading that kind of blatant bullshit propaganda and why are these people believing it ? 
   oh please , the us supports drone strikes against terrorists . 
  * people the us govt says are terrorists in some cases based on nothing more than `` group , male , 16-45 '' . 
   but this is n't the narrative of a collective persecution complex . 
  yes it is . 
  you realize of course that the budget for integration courses has been reduced in recent years ? 
  one very simple one . 
  give the unhcr and wfp the funding they need . 
  they have been begging for years and for years that begging has been ignored . 
  ridiculous fear mongering . 
  it only took 4 years and the problem reaching us before we finally realized we ca n't just dump it on turkey and lebanon . 
   `` we are against so many asylum seekers coming to finland . 
  they have passed through many safe european countries before they reached finland and should have stayed there '' says every country on the route . 
  bulgaria/greece : `` why do n't they stay in turkey/lebanon/jordan ? '', 
  hungary/macedonia/serbia : `` why do n't they stay in bulgaria/greece ? '', 
  and so on and so on . 
  [ a picture can say more than a thousand words . 
  ] ( http://www2.pictures.gi.zimbio.com/financial+crisis+turns+madrid+new+town+ghost+cdxdxzix5vil.jpg ), 
  well obviously the eu and its member nations will completely collapse in the next few days because of the endless streams of immigrants . 
  * obviously * / s, 
  there are plenty of kids who were born before the war or just at the start you know ... 
  lets not pretend eritrea and somalia are nice cozy countries ... 
  the unhcr has said it needs about 5 billion this year . 
  that is up about 2 billion from 2 years ago . 
  for the last 2 years they have gotten less then half of what they need in funds . 
  a few ? 
  lets get real here , it is going to take at least 10 years before syria is going to be somewhat stable again . 
  its already been 4/5 years . 
  in 10 their kids will have grown up in a refugee camp or on the streets of lebanon without any proper education . 
  he would have kicked the bucket in a few years anyway . 
  that title reads like a polandball comic . 
  so ... does the orthodox church in russia not give a shit or ? 
   difference between peru and chile i 'm going to go with lama 's . 
  despotic dictators , a terrible human rights record and a lot of war ? 
  farms , polish factories , closing every day ports , i assume poles/eastern-europeans street cleaners , the guys who used to be paid by the government to clean the streets but got fired by the government because they cost to much and now have to do the same job to not lose benefits . 
  ( not a joke ) binmen , ? 
  indonesians are going to be fourth , fifth , sixth generation by now . 
  the rest are mostly going to be people who moved to the country solely to work and had a job waiting for them before they moved . 
  remember it is satire . 
  have a laugh once in a while . 
  cruel joke i hope ? 
  ridiculous ... 
  and you would feel like a fool when it turns out the guy is just upset he forgot to charge his phone . 
  [ istanbul not constantinople ] ( https://youtu.be/wcze7egorok ), 
  you just basically confirmed that its a catch-all expression . 
  you are essentially making the same argument as the rodeo guy in borat who told him he needs to shave his mustache so he does n't `` look muslim '' . 
  did he eat all the bodies ? 
  he seems to have gained a few pounds if that really is him . 
  which i doubt . 
  i 'll wait for a reputable source thank you very much . 
  at what financial cost ? 
  are we falling in to the same trap again ? 
  does it matter ? 
  `` allah akbar '' is no different from a `` thank god '' , `` god help us '' , etc , etc , etc. 
  contrary to popular belief `` allah akbar '' is not the international code signal for extremists . 
  because they rarely tell the whole story ? 
  [ and a french guy !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%a9rard_depardieu ), 
  as opposed to right wing blowhards announcing that this is * the end of europe and the white race * ... 
  istanbul was constantinople now it 's istanbul , not constantinople been a long time gone , constantinople, 
   stupid fantasy that hidden speculators try to gain more money by not renting houses but letting them rot on places and pay taxes i do n't know about houses but this certainly seems to be the case for office space in my area . 
  there are office buildings near me which have been empty ever since they were built 10-15 years ago . 
  at the same time we have a massive shortage of cheap rental apartments . 
  i can only conclude they must be profiting somehow . 
  a tax deduction perhaps ? 
  also in the case of spain and the us the banks may very well be playing the long con and hoarding as many properties as they can until the market bumps back . 
  safety is n't everything . 
  you still need to eat , drink and sleep somewhere . 
  never underestimate the legal grief local government can do to you .
