  part of the problem is that many of the `` woning corporaties '' a.k.a housing corporations kind of lost sight of what they were created for in the first place . 
  they were originally created as semi-private social housing builders but over the years they 've started acting more like real estate developers . 
   or pay turkey the costs and save 26 times more . 
  we have n't spent 5 years ignoring the problem to suddenly start working on a solution !, 
  and you are ( as always with people who see it your way ) missing the point . 
  you think the real estate owners care ? 
  whatever they ca n't rent out at ridiculous prices they will likely get a tax rebate on or some other fiscal advantage . 
  to be blunt , get out or get with the program . 
  anything other then this ambiguous bullshit . 
  lawsuits for lost profits . 
  the fact that we have to rely on snippets and leaks is ridiculous . 
   i \u00b4 d say just a handful of people actually have read any official papers . 
  which is of course the entire problem ... 
   naturalisation should no longer be possible if someone in the last ten years imprisonment , community service or large fine has been given . 
  define large fine ? 
  everyone makes mistakes in traffic ... 
  not in this case , the problem with the kurds is the turks . 
  glorious president will win by glorious margin of 99 % !, 
  is there anything in those pictures which is n't from the soviet union days ? 
  hahaha , no seriously ... 5 years ? 
  spain is just about the only western european country without a housing crisis . 
  go back and read that again . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/21/world/europe/us-to-increase-admission-of-refugees-to-100000-in-2017-kerry-says.html  the obama administration will increase the number of worldwide refugees the united states accepts each year to 100,000 by 2017 , a significant increase over the current annual cap of 70,000 , secretary of state john kerry said sunday . 
  it means we should be sending 10 billion a year to turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  but we are n't . 
  instead we ignored the problem for 5 years because it did n't affect us . 
  fyi , only about a fifth of the refugee population in turkey is in a camp . 
  you realize of course that the systems in italy and greece are already massively overwhelmed ? 
  i 'm just going to point this out . 
  there are many people who still support fascist ideology . 
  that does n't mean they are plotting to overthrow the government and implement a fascist dictatorship . 
  bitch , that attitude is what got us in to this mess . 
  you can not expect turkey and the other countries bordering syria to take this burden alone . 
   and fuelling the far right is n't a problem ? 
  that would happen regardless of who or how many are trying to get it . 
  this is just their latest excuse . 
  now as far as i, 
  that is n't the problem . 
  and you make the mistake of thinking only syrians are legitimate refugees . 
  iraq is n't in any better shape you know . 
  i know i 'd be firebombing government offices the day after they mow down refugees ... 
  those would be individual americans and unions . 
  not big money . 
  op is a racist by the way , i hope everyone noticed ... 
  you will note , syrians , plural . 
  not syrian middle class male , singular . 
   we should do a token job like what we got from our nato allies in iraq and afghanistan . 
  send each a couple hundred or thousand and call it a day . 
  limited combat and front line postings to be sure . 
  we were n't the ones who invited aggression through decades of gluttony and weakness . 
  that was your mess * you * dragged us in to . 
  because it has finally , truly reached us . 
  our mistake was that we largely ignored the problem for the first couple of years , then spent another couple of years letting italy and greece handle it and now finally the problem has reached us . 
  you missed my original comment i guess ? 
  the majority of the syrian refugees are not in camps , not in turkey , not in lebanon and not in jordan . 
  lebanon does n't even officially designate them as refugees for fear of getting stuck with them for the next decade . 
  which is completely understandable considering they still have half a million palestinians . 
  our choice , as europe , is simple . 
  either we deal with a great many of them here or we collectively send about 10 billion a year to help accommodate them in the region . 
  our mistake was that we largely ignored the problem for the first couple of years , then spent another couple of years letting italy and greece handle it and now finally the problem has reached us . 
  and this needs to happen quickly . 
  if lebanon destabilizes and falls in to chaos under the weight of two million refugees ( quarter to a third of the total population ) our problem will be even bigger . 
  love them or hate them , think of them what you will but realize that they will not magically disappear . 
   ** if you ask for my version i would tell you that all this middle class men are the only who can afford trip to europe is bullshit . 
  ** what we see here are investments of the whole families . 
  i do n't have any proofs of course but this is what i would do . 
  take youngest and strongest and buy him a way to europe . 
  did anyone ever claim that ? 
  no , so stop spreading bullshit . 
  all war torn countries . 
  does that change anything ? 
  you are of course aware that the unhcr had to cut food budgets in half this year due to a lack of funding ? 
   xavier broseta , assistant hr manager , flees crowd after 3,000 job cuts announced at airline they 'd love to get back to work ... 
  what people tend to forget is that we only hear and see about isis but that the largest cause of civilian death is assad himself . 
  eminent domain you clickbait pos . 
   that goes for a lot of them , having been in safety in turkey for a long time . 
  as i 'm getting tired of explaining ... safety is n't everything . 
  the camps are grossly underfunded , only house a fraction of the refugee population and the turkish government does n't officially allow the refugees to work . 
  and lebanon is even worse . 
  straight out of r/polandball, 
  so what does that cover ? 
  like a months or two ? 
  i 'm tired of having to type the same response , go look at the other two comments which basically said the same thing . 
  as i told a different guy , you were actually allowed to do stuff other then sit in that room . 
  one time deal or a monthly/yearly thing ? 
  of course they are allowed to do something other then sitting in that room . 
  problem , you are one of the few who recognizes this . 
  if you have n't noticed yet the prevailing opinion on this sub and most anti-immigrants politicians is that every single immigrant needs to get kicked out . 
  who said anything about killing ? 
  i did n't . 
  the article did n't . 
  oh no your not biased at all . 
  of course you wont . 
  [ now imagine that room looking like this . 
  ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/d5748k/view-into-a-fromer-refugee-room-of-special-exhibition-take-it-from-d5748k.jpg ) with 1 toilet , 1 shower , no privacy and no entertainment . 
  the symptom is ethnic and religious clashing , it is not the problem . 
  the problem is sticking 4000 people in a refugee center built for 750 . 
   also , refugees that come here do n't need that much saving compared to the single mothers and underage kids in the camps . 
  those we must help first . 
  ever consider why they came here ?
