i am pretty sure that they wo n't disclose anything specific ( just the amount they already did with copsub ) . 
  i guess they will launch from international waters , where only specific international laws apply . 
  if has no walls , m\u00e9k walls to break walls . 
  we really need a european `` how you say bitch in your country ? '', 
  map . 
  maybe it 's already exist , just i ca n't find it . 
  this comic needs more hungary . 
  do n't take `` friendliness '' toward russia too seriously . 
  oh austria you are too needy . 
  here take some refugees . 
  ^ but ^ not ^ from ^ me ^ muhahaha . 
  yes yes yes , this was phenomenal !, 
  being able to watch historic moments like this on live webcast is just unbelievable . 
  i hope the first stage has some serious highdef footage to offer , because i just ca n't get enough of it !, 
  i would be happy , if they would not broadcast low-resolution live video from the booster , if instead we get to see a much better one in hd , after landing . 
  but the best would be , if we get booth . 
  yeah , it 's pretty bad that how many people ca n't see the significance of it . 
  or how many of them think that the blue origin landing was the first . 
  it 's quite sad , that you can patent something like this . 
  i hope that they can keep up our appetite . 
  it 's sad how hard it is to reach space from europe . 
  if you think about it , the european spaceport is not even in europe , it 's in south-america . 
  i think this is a big reason , why space seems so distant from here . 
   i am from austria , in 1956\u00a0200000 hungarian fled to austria from the hungarian revolution . 
  about 72000 permanently stayed here . 
  now 80000 refugees somehow are a problem . 
  back then the financial situation was much more tense . 
  i feel sad and ashamed . 
  the problem is more difficult now and i do n't think this is the right subreddit to discuss it . 
  that big `` hope '' gives me chills . 
  well , that is another probable solution . 
   granted , most of it is nasa stuff which is public domain - just that nasa does n't seem to put all of it out itself these days . 
  and actually , not just these days . 
  i tried numerous times , to gather hd apollo videos . 
  i only saw a few , which were really good quality ones . 
  otherwise , i would have to go to some third-party and purchase there , for x dollars . 
  i do n't understand why they are doing this , but this is not new . 
  what , no scrub ? 
  i do n't understand anything anymore . 
  but we have to be honest , it was a beautiful abort , the rocket is in one piece and that is really good . 
  a crs-7 style launch would be worse . 
  i hope it will worth the delays . 
  i would n't mind it , if we will see a successful launch and landing . 
  and also unverified . 
  wow beautiful re-ignition . 
  exactly . 
  this is the same behavior that `` old-space '' show about reusable rockets with propulsive landing . 
  the problem with this reasoning , is that a solution being impractical is not the same with unimplementable . 
  spacex proved that they can make a rocket , which is able to do rtls after an orbital launch . 
  however , they still have to prove that it is practical , from an economic standpoint for example . 
  you could also argue that it makes the rocket 's mass bigger , therefore decreasing the size of the payload , so it 's also physically unpractical . 
  is this means that the idea is stupid ? 
  not really . 
  of course what they doing is not on the same level as these amateur speculations . 
  you rarely find well researched alternative solutions on twitter and facebook . 
  i see that these could be repetitive and not really helpful , if it was already answered , so moderating them is fair . 
  but , still , i do n't get why < < get your math and physics together   would lead to anywhere . 
  most of these ideas are not breaking physics or math , these are just unpractical and/or unhelpful with the end goal , just as it is already stated in the wiki . 
  and that is a big difference . 
  i never said that spacex invented it . 
  but it was only realized ( for orbital rockets ) by them , just a few months ago . 
  the technical webcast actually showed much more footage from the separated first stage . 
  it seems i am the only one , who does n't like the moderation system at all . 
  and it gets even worse . 
  the `` low effort '' is one of the most subjective things one could classify comments . 
  now , it 's ramped up to `` high quality '' whatever it means . 
  does it mean character count ? 
  answering `` yes . '', 
  to question is high quality ? 
  it just four characters , quite a low effort to type in . 
  doing a long , but flawed calculation is high quality ? 
  if it 's totaly wrong , then it is just useless spam , even if it took big effort . 
  making a joke ? 
  if it 's funny it gets a go , if not will it be removed ? 
  i seriously do n't know . 
  but everyone likes this way , so this subreddit is just not for me . 
  yeah , relationships just do n't get out of nowhere for your good-being , like in the movies . 
  they are just as hard work as getting a job or even harder . 
  i think we also got the answer for why we are not landed on mars , yet . 
  because of shitty people . 
  this code is wrong on every level . 
  it 's just a social experiment , bro !, 
  i think he gets it . 
  he even says : `` just be real . '', 
  although , i do n't see he would like that either . 
  do n't regret anything , i think you dodged the bullet . 
  this is just sad . 
  hey bitch , i am nice !, 
  this will be a beautiful launch . 
  i feel it . 
  wow , so this technique is really working . 
  just try to image how many could be outside this thread !, 
  and she also has a boyfriend . 
  same , and i am not even gay . 
  it 's sad that i have to realize it this way . 
  that you u/anal _ parkinsons !, 
  i think people generally understand this without using a long analogy . 
  sometimes even niceguys & # 8482 ; . 
   ... the only slight problem is women in general are looking to ` share their cigarettes ' with someone ... 
  yeah , this analogy does n't work at all .
