it does n't matter who annexes who tell that to crimea, 
  what do you make of the dollar ? 
  flash forward podcast did an interesting topic on this . 
  [ it was specifically about ones that are in the jet stream ] ( https://www.flashforwardpod.com/2015/07/21/winded/ ) but interesting nonetheless . 
  tl ; dr : it would involve taking more energy out of the jet stream than the whole world currently uses by a factor of 100 to cause any problems . 
  we have much a claim to being taken over by vikings as taken over by the english . 
  hey , can we join ? 
  that does n't sound like a problem , tbh . 
  honestly , i 've never heard anyone say that . 
  most of the pro-independence scots i know are republicans anyway . 
  let 's take your mp statement first . 
  that is correct , but under the new boundaries , it will be much closer to being equal . 
  let 's take another example , shall we ? 
  scotland has 6 meps ( which is decided by the uk , because each state decides how it organises it 's meps and how they are elected ) . 
  ireland , with a population of nearly 1 million less than scotland has 11 meps . 
  that does n't sound like scotland is being favoured more than the eu system . 
  the money issue is also true , but that is mostly due to the fact that things are more expensive in scotland due to there being a lot more rural places . 
  the `` scottish mps can vote on english issues '' is a stupid one . 
  i 'm fed up of people complaining about that . 
  there have been like 2 votes in the history of devolution that have been swayed by scottish mps , and if english people really care about it , they can get their own parliament . 
  if that matters , fight for it . 
  i would strongly support a federal uk , but it 's clear that england do n't want it , so i 've given up fighting for that . 
  the system is stupid , but the vast majority of people in england do n't vote for any parties that want to change it . 
  look , i 'm not wanting to get into a `` scotland should be independent '' argument . 
  i 'm just trying to point out that it 's not hypocritical to be for the eu and against the uk . 
  they are very different beasts . 
  i am not against unions of countries . 
  i think they are massively important for peace , for improving equality , for improving the quality of life . 
  but i do n't like how the uk works . 
  that 's all . 
  except that they are different things . 
  the uk and the eu are completely different structures . 
  the eu is an organisation where the members are sovereign states who cede some of their sovereignty to make joint laws . 
  the uk is an organisation where the members are `` regions '' ( or `` countries '' ) who cede all their sovereignty , but have , in recent years , gotten certain powers back . 
  power in the eu is by default in the states . 
  power in the uk is by default pooled . 
  the uk is also a very unequal partnership , with 1 of the 4 members being 53 million , while the other 3 combined are 12 million . 
  a partnership like that leads to a very unequal situation . 
  the eu is a partnership where no 1 country is bigger than all of the others put together , and it also tries to give the smaller nations more power than they would if it was completely distributed according to population , so they ca n't just be pushed around by the larger nations . 
  is the eu perfect ? 
  is it a better system than the uk ? 
  yes . 
  therefore , that 's why i want scotland to be an independent state within the eu . 
  no anti-english sentiment from me . 
  sure , it exists from some people , but that 's definitely not prevalent . 
  in the scottish independence referendum , anyone living in scotland who comes from scotland , ruk , eu , and commonwealth could vote in it . 
  in the eu referendum , only british and commonwealth citizens could . 
  those from the eu living in the uk had no say on their future in the country . 
  so , to say that independence is `` anti-english '' when english people living in scotland could vote is spurious . 
  weirdest bot i have seen :-\\, 
  that 's some pretty big assumptions there . 
  brexit in a nutshell , everyone . 
  it is n't that great of an idea , but fuck the europeans , eh . 
  what ? 
  no way !, 
  really ? 
  the tabloids go on about it every time it gets hot in england ... `` hotter than madrid '' etc etc, 
  yup , sad is a real thing , why do you think we are all so grumpy in the winter ? 
  and in the summer we are grumpy because we are sunburnt . 
   i never said that scotland does n't have values , i said that it does n't have particular values of ` inclusion ' and ` progression ' anymore than another part of the western world yes , and my point is that / u/c3m _ waffles never said we did . 
   what makes the use of the phrases even more ridiculous in this case is that they 're being used to also describe architecture of all things . 
  that may well be a good point , but why does it matter ? 
  people read into art and similar things , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
   the point i 'm making is that i think it 's absolutely worthless to explicitly and overly identify with values like ` inclusion ' and ` progression ' when they are held by every other western nation and when scotland has so many other unique cultural features . 
  not worthless . 
  there is worth in a way that ca n't be measured . 
  people enjoy these types of things , they enjoy projecting things onto other things , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
   scotland does n't have values or traditions of ` inclusion ' or ` progression ' anymore than other advanced western societies . 
  did he say that we did ? 
  dear goodness , why get so offended by the idea that scotland has `` values '' . 
  do you get annoyed when theresa may talks about british `` values '' ? 
  are we trying to steal those values from others ? 
   we should be proud of such ` inclusion ' , but to define one 's culture or set of values as ` inclusive ' is meaningless . 
  ...  i have a real problem with the terms ` inclusive ' and ` progressive ' . 
  ...  people talk about ` diversity ' , but its the drive to be more ` inclusive ' that 's making all of europe and the west so bland and similar . 
  what are you on about ? 
  inclusion is n't about making everyone the same , that 's utter tripe . 
  inclusion is about accepting different cultures and peoples as they are . 
  sure , we expect people to follow the laws of the land , but that 's not about become exactly the same as us . 
   scotland has a rich , 1000 year old culture that has nothing to do with ` inclusion ' or ` progression ' i mean , sure ... 1000 years ago there were loads of warring kingdoms trying to tear each other apart . 
  but this was the same in so many countries and we should n't judge a country based on what they have done , but what they do in the future . 
   using such terms is just to trick people into thinking `` yes , this is devastatingly ugly and does not suit its surroundings , but at least its not a racist or oppressive building ! '', 
  ah , i get it , you just do n't like the building . 
  fair enough , it is n't to everyone 's taste . 
  why did n't you just say that ? 
  oh yeah man , [ totally civilised ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kkrkhj5k8o ) . 
  even more ridiculous in that the spinning structure has meant that it has been closed for most of its lifetime because it started sinking . 
  fun fact , if scotland was separate on the map , it would be the second lowest . 
  [ tynwald , parliament of the isle of man ] ( https://m.imgur.com/6zaeihl ), 
   in ~ ~ the u.k ~ ~ england and wales ftfy, 
  where did they say that ? 
  but the problem is , by perpetuating the idea that labour ca n't get a majority without scotland ( which is wrong ) it ** makes ** it less likely to happen, 
  thought they were saying that chichester had declared independence . 
  yay !, 
  nonsense . 
  i 'm all but 1 case since ww2 , when labour win a majority , they would have won it even if scotland had voted entirely against them . 
  you got it good ... 
  stand up for yourself . 
  are we thinking of the same ireland ? 
  nah , just the english and welsh .
