  why else would scottish representatives need to discuss that with brussels ? 
  there was a white paper . 
  sure , it 's mostly a load of nonsense ( gambled scotland 's economic future on $ 100 + oil prices ) - but it was there and it 's still being hailed by the snp as a good document . 
   i read one today saying 61 % of scots would vote for independenc [ not sure what polls you 're reading . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence#post-referendum_polling )  i would even predict the possibility of scotland leaving the eu with the uk before having an indyref . 
  extremely unlikely to happen . 
  any referendum has to be agreed to by both the british and scottish governments , and that 's unlikely to happen until after brexit as the british government is so preoccupied . 
   i 'm sure the snp have talks well underway with the eu i highly doubt it . 
  while there is no doubt sympathy for scotland in brussels , them discussing independence possibilities with part of a current member would be a major break in protocol . 
  that big jump in british support around jan '13 coincided with the time cameron announced his intention to hold a referendum , not sure if that 's a coincidence or not . 
  scottish mps get their say on reserved matters at westminster , just like everybody else . 
  it 's not like scotland has been rejected a voice on this . 
  sinn f\u00e9in still do n't take their seats , which is a policy i understand but still wish would end ( or at least let the sdlp take them up instead ) . 
  salmond was far from rushed . 
  he won his majority in 2011 , edinburgh agreement signed in 2012 , referendum in 2014 . 
  the snp probably expected polls to be showing a majority for independence right now , when in actuality ( and surprisingly ) polls have move backwards for them . 
  and now all that talk about another referendum being a heartbeat away has backed them into a corner . 
  they ca n't afford to back down on it but at the same time they do n't want to call one just yet if they think they 'll lose . 
  so we 're getting endless posturing about how another vote is `` ever closer '' every time something happens that the snp does n't like . 
  i expect this will continue and nothing much else will happen over the next two years of negotiations as long as polls stay as they are . 
  by the time we actually leave , they will have to decide whether they want another to gamble with another vote ( knowing that a potential loss would end the movement for decades ) or take the humiliation of not calling one . 
  they 're not pushing for anything right now . 
  they 're a bit stuck because the polls have n't moved , so they 're buying time . 
  when has he been undermined lately ? 
  his opponents have pretty much shut up since his re-election . 
  the next general election will be a mercy killing . 
  voting on things that are reserved for westminster just makes the scottish parliament look a bit silly and undermines the institution , imo . 
  same goes for the welsh assembly 's vote earlier that went the other way . 
  people just dislike ukip . 
  i was surprised to read that there 's still a lot of hostility in wales to your devolved assembly . 
  i guess having a large english population contributes to that . 
  i think cornwall would benefit greatly from becoming its own devolved nation , both culturally and economically . 
  right now it 's a bit forgotten in england . 
  it 's legally part of england , i do n't think there 's a majority there for them to become a devolved nation like wales or scotland . 
  i 'd support it , though . 
  it surely depends on how long the queen lasts . 
  her mum was 101 when she died , charles would be 79 at that point . 
  well , i think that 's because english is n't seen so much as a national identity as a race . 
  among the far-right in particular , it 's a synonym for ` white ' . 
  such a shame . 
  what even is your argument ? 
  that it 's wrong , arrogant and imperialist to expect other countries to want to do a deal with a large economy ? 
  i 'm sure the leave campaign would 've been a huge success if they went around telling everyone that their country is rubbish and nobody wants to work with us . 
  it seems that brits are being held to an unreasonable standard here . 
  is it wrong for all countries to court deals with others ? 
  should we just be isolationist because even talking to others brings up bad history ? 
  when did vote leave ever even mention the empire ? 
  believing your country is great does n't always mean you want to go around the world planting your flags . 
  truly astonishing that you apparently can not be eurosceptic without being an imperialist , longing for the return of the empire . 
  because one already semi-detached member state leaving is a bit different to the entire project collapsing . 
  i believe that with us gone the rest of europe can speed up the process of economic integration and that will be good for them . 
  just like us doing our own thing can be good for us . 
  would that not be concerning ? 
  if the governing socialists are so unpopular , could n't le pen beat hamon ? 
  i have a loose definition of success . 
  as long as the sky does n't fall in it will be spun as a win . 
  my point was that , if brexit is a success then it could bolster euroscepticism on the continent which i do n't think would be a good thing . 
  i do n't think most people read the fine print about wages or whatever , just how the economy is doing . 
  i do want us to do well but the eu is fragile and they need to be cautious of that . 
  did n't mean that . 
  i 'm a brexiteer , i just think that the eu dissolving would be a disaster for the continent and probably the whole world . 
  just because i think that the uk would be better off out it does n't mean i want it to fall apart . 
  this is good news , but eurosceptics across europe will use this as ammunition for years ( provided we avoid a sharp downturn once we actually leave ) . 
  this will be the case particularly if we keep growing faster than the eurozone . 
  i 'm not sure that 'd be a great thing in the long run . 
  if ireland joined schengen then the cta would automatically be terminated as they would have handed over control of their border . 
  it would become a european border subject to european rules and so ireland could n't unilaterally choose to keep it open . 
  i do not believe this would be a vote winner , but then again i do n't think the ` independence in europe ' strategy would 've won it for them either . 
  the snp are more divided on europe than people have liked to admit and it was bound to catch up with them eventually . 
   those polls are done by calling landline home numbers a lot of them are done online now , actually . 
  does that mean they only represent the opinion of the young ? 
  of course not . 
  that 's not how polling works . 
  ctrl+f `` scotland '' , `` northern ireland '' . 
  no results . 
  well , let me know when you have anything other than a crystal ball to support your argument . 
  have a good evening . 
  ah yes , the old `` polls are propaganda '' chestnut that comes out whenever they do n't say what you want . 
  foreign policy is reserved for westminster . 
  this has always been the case . 
  the latest poll in northern ireland had 63 % against reunification with the republic and 22 % in favour , barely any change . 
  likewise scottish independence polls have barely moved since 2014 because , while there are a number of remain + no voters that have switched to yes , there is an equal number of leave + yes voters that have switched to no . 
  last month there was a poll that had support for independence below its 2014 level for the first time . 
  so do you have any actual data to back up your claims , or are you just participating in wishful thinking that the country will collapse ? 
  i fear you 're going to be disappointed . 
  i thought we left this in 2016 . 
  what is it about having a free trade deal that is so unrealistic ? 
  and why would you think that ? 
  british people certainly do n't support trump , no more than any other european country , but he 's the new potus at a crucial time for us so we 've got to put up with our government appeasing him . 
  that 's true but given the demographics of the vote it was probably only a matter of time until we had a pro-eu majority . 
  even if a country does n't take part in every eu project such as the euro of schengen it does n't mean they ca n't be a good member in other areas . 
  so it 's possible that in the future we could rejoin , unless public opinion goes the way of norway or switzerland . 
  though do n't hold your breath . 
  i do n't think rejoining will be on the agenda for a very , very long time . 
  nothing wrong with that position , but i think the eu would much rather have the uk as a member with the prospect of integrating someday as opposed to distancing itself completely . 
  they 've been perfectly willing to have a multi-speed europe up until now . 
  the eu needs to be flexible with its members with respect to their political situation at home otherwise it wo n't survive . 
  he should n't have said anything . 
  our media already had a bit of an obsession with him , considering he 's bit of a federalist and all he fits all the right stereotypes . 
  now they 're making out brussels is already plotting our return .
