  i like that our current system moderates the government a bit . 
  we should 've held votes on the treaties . 
   there already is a us eu deal . 
  um , where ? 
  ttip is n't signed . 
  clearly you have an axe to grind on brexit . 
   one country that is n't overdosing on nationalism and arrogance . 
  are you american ? 
  regardless , it 's quite rich accusing the uk of that while discussing the us !, 
  there is no queue because deals can be negotiated simultaneously , it does n't have to be one or the other . 
  once negotiations begin there are things that matter more than time frame , certain countries are easier to negotiate with than others for a variety of reasons . 
  and you can imagine it is a lot easier to negotiate with just one country ( that is already very close to the us to boot ) than it is with 27 , which is why there 's a distinct possibility a us-uk trade deal might be signed before a us-eu deal one even though the latter is more valuable to the us . 
  there is no queue . 
  if there was no trade deals would ever get signed . 
  it 's still a threat , even if it 's true . 
   pretty sure the uk does n't oppose a united ireland the current government does , may confirmed as much a few weeks back . 
  britain will stay a nation for as long as all parts of it want to stay . 
  it 's not that complicated ... 
  that 's not true at all . 
  in the last census 60 % of people in england said english was their sole national identity , very close to the 62 % of scots saying the same about scottish and 58 % of welsh people about welsh . 
  the only nation that has british as its largest national identity is northern ireland for obvious reasons . 
  it really does n't . 
  the independent is pro-eu though, 
  eh , the tories are on their highest % in scotland for decades - approaching 30 % . 
  they could easily win a couple more seats than this shows . 
  scotland has a unique political climate so national polls are useless for predicting swings there . 
  on a uniform swing , the tories would gain these under current polling west aberdeenshire and kincardine berwickshire , roxburgh and selkirk dumfries and galloway, 
  that 's more a symptom of their massive lead overall , though . 
  they 're polling 60 % + with 65 + s. 
  voter fatigue will help the tories , they have the most reliable voters ( old people ) . 
   they do , in a democracy you are always allowed to express your view publicly but that does n't mean that they are entitled to hold referendums all the time , which on the whole are a pretty bad idea . 
  when it comes to changing the way we are governed , the people deserve a direct say on that . 
  on day to day policy , of course we are a representative democracy on those things . 
  but signing away a degree of decision making power to a supranational identity is a huge change in any country 's constitution and the people need to give their consent . 
   that was not the problem and it was mainly down to national governments not wanting to give up more power because it makes them less powerful . 
  as such a lot of things are still done in at a national level even if they should really be done at an eu level . 
  as i said , so many problems come from the eu not giving member states more freedom and wanting to hoard power for themselves . 
   do you have an opinion poll proving that the majority of the public were overwhelmingly opposed and were bothered about it ? 
  experience in other countries has shown that it is a terrible idea to offer referendums on treaties . 
  there were many polls carried out around that time that showed a majority against , that 's why the government backed out of the planned referendum . 
  but why is it a terrible idea ? 
  because people might not be so keen on the eurofederalist dream and you do n't like that ? 
   that was enshrined into law by the 2011 european union act and as such that act would need to be revoked first . 
  it was an incredibly stupid act to pass for a multitude of reasons . 
  acts like that are only ever symbolic due to the nature of parliamentary sovereignty but the reasoning behind it was clear . 
  the conservatives knew that the public would never accept another eu treaty and so any future labour government would have to roll back that law in order to pass it without a referendum , which would look awful . 
   they were n't , most economists at the time were pretty cautious about the euro . 
  likewise they said that there would be less growth than they would be if the uk remained in the eu but the projections of doom and gloom were down to the campaign exaggerating what they said . 
  either they were cautious about the euro or they warned about lower growth if we did n't join it . 
  pick one . 
   that could simply be that people tend to not like change . 
  once the euro has been introduced people tend to warm up to the idea more and eventually take it for granted just like any other new thing . 
  we have been a member of the eu for 25 years and the eec for 20 years before that following a landslide vote to join and yet people actually went off the idea since then . 
   the media and politicians share most of the blame for that as they is no inherent cultural reason for the british to be naturally opposed to the eu , that does n't also apply to other countries in the eu that opted for more integration . 
  most brits would opt for closer ties with the anglosphere countries that we share a somewhat common culture with over europe , which we share little other than geographical proximity with . 
  even today there are more brits ( 1.3 million ) living in australia alone than there are in all of the eu27 . 
  that is despite having freedom of movement in the eu . 
   i highly doubt it . 
  if most people think that greece or even italy leaving the euro is n't a good idea you can bet you that the uk leaving the euro would n't be economically a good idea either . 
  leaving the euro is much harder than it is to leave the eu . 
  i saw a poll a few weeks ago that had support for leaving the eurozone at 44 % in italy , of all countries . 
  i do n't know why you find it so hard to fathom that a much more eurosceptic country , one that has just voted to leave the entire project to boot , would n't have voted to leave the single currency had it joined . 
  i think leaving the euro would be a lot easier in practice than leaving the eu ( mind , i 'm less sure about the politics of it ) . 
   that was my point about less integration causing more anti-eu sentiment . 
  although you somewhat contradicted yourself by saying that the uk would 've left the euro if it joined . 
  surely would n't it be just as ridiculous for the uk in that hypothetical situation ? 
  i think france leaving the eu * right now * would be ridiculous because it is much more integrated within the european project . 
  i do n't think leaving the euro and remaining a member of the eu is a ridiculous idea , i think the uk would 've done it . 
   yet the only eu country to have an opt out of both is the one that voted to leave . 
  maybe those opt-outs were a terrible idea after all . 
  and yet most brits are relieved that we stayed out of the hot mess that became of those two things , a europe unable to control its borders with the migration crisis and a eurozone unable to secure economic prosperity for all of its members . 
  other countries may like these things despite the pain because they are committed to european integration no matter what . 
  the uk 's relationship with the eu was always about convenience , on the other hand . 
   the main reason that he offered it was down to party political reasons , his party was tearing themselves over the eu since thatcher was still in power . 
  he was hoping that by holding the referendum it would settle the issues , when in reality referendums never do . 
  you 'd think he would 've learned that from the scottish referendum . 
  but on balance , it was either he offer a referendum or get challenged and ousted by a eurosceptic . 
   which is also when certain newspapers started to campaign for the uk to leave . 
  granted public mood can change pretty quickly but why was there such apparent change in climate during then ? 
  polls show that the eu was n't an important issue for nearly everyone until the referendum even among ukip supporters it was in the mid 30 % . 
  in the late 00 's we were preoccupied with the financial crisis . 
  as our economy began to recover people 's interests shifted to what was going on in europe , crisis after crisis was in the news and euroscepticism grew . 
  even as a mild leaver i would n't have put the eu as one of the top issues facing the country until around referendum time . 
  the eu is a much deeper , lingering question revolving around our constitutional status that it does n't really compare to things like healthcare for example . 
  just because it was n't the main topic of national debate it does n't mean the debate was n't there . 
   the conservatives were in the pro-eu european people 's party until 2009 but david cameron withdraw them due to pressure from inside his own party after promising to do that during his leadership bid . 
  because the conservatives are not pro-eu , the remainers in the party just did n't want to deal with the economic fallout of leaving . 
  they would love a return to the days of the eec . 
   agreed but that would mean more integration and most likely another treaty change . 
  people need a reason to care about such elections and it is n't just down to national governments doing a poor job of promoting them . 
  i do n't understand the need for the european parliament in its current form . 
  it 's like they just got ahead of themselves by creating a parliament because they thought they 'd need one eventually . 
  but given we live in representative democracy as you say we already have our respective governments to vote on european matters in the council . 
   it was national governments who did that as it is beneficial for them to keep the most power in the council and the commission . 
  therein lies the problem with the structure of the eu , it tries to act as its own federal state while at the same time trying to retain the sovereignty of its member states . 
  you ca n't have both . 
   on the whole the government wanted it as well and has done a good job of convincing to public to support it . 
  you mean the british government ? 
  i would n't say that ... we kept out of the the euro and schengen , and public opinion has never been too hot on integration . 
   then why bother having referendums ?
