  farage is an example of this . 
  but he 's still pretty unpopular , even among brexiteers . 
  shocked to learn that there is n't an magic line running through berwick that makes everyone north of the border suddenly overwhelmingly pro-european & extremely tolerant of immigrants . 
  being tough on europe is no bad thing . 
  arguably blair and brown being weak got us to the point where people wanted brexit . 
  i think there 's a difference between not actively looking out for another country 's interests because you have no obligation to , and actively trying to hurt them . 
  the latter would be primary school . 
   here , too , a conflict with london is being programmed : if the british government were to accept such demands , they would have to ask their voters why they had left the eu at all . 
  so , they hope the uk will to back out of leaving ? 
  is that why they also said article 50 is reversible ( with agreement ) ? 
  are catalans who want independence happy to put up with madrid continuously telling them no ? 
  how strong is the sentiment ? 
  in other news , the uk does n't care any more about eu interests . 
  that 's kind of the point of brexit . 
  though i do think neighbours should help each other . 
  nobody wants a basket case on their doorstep . 
  well , i think that while most brits do n't like freedom of movement , there is a huge age gap in what people view as more important between immigration controls and free trade . 
  presuming young people do n't get a lot more socially conservative as they get older , it 's possible that we 'll rejoin the single market one day . 
  which is probably where we were meant to be from the beginning , like norway . 
  we 're never rejoining the eu ... 
  i would argue that just eea membership would be closer to what we have now than full eu membership , and closer to what most brits want the eu to be and want our relationship with it to be ( other than freedom of movement ) . 
  well , i do n't want anything polled there to come back but you 're always going to have a nostalgic section of the population ( mainly older people ) who want weird old-fashioned stuff back because ` things were better then ' . 
  it 's probably like that in every country . 
  pretty much nobody voted to leave based upon any of those things yougov polled . 
  being asked if they want them back and saying ` sure , why not ' does not mean that determined their vote . 
  i think that unionism does need to change if it is to survive . 
  this is where the uup should come in , but their future is all a bit up in the air . 
  alliance also hoover up many middle class , progressive , economic unionists in and around belfast . 
  though i would n't bet a united ireland on the dup 's arrogance and refusal to deny reality . 
  when the time comes that unionism has to change ( probably when/if sinn f\u00e9in become the largest party ) , it will . 
  the thing to remember about the economic debate though is that , as you say the current economic situation in ni is far from ideal . 
  but people support the union anyway because of the belief that westminster subsidises them ( which it does ) and that things would be much worse in a united ireland where dublin does n't have as much money to pour in to ni . 
  so if unification is to become an actual real possibility then the republic has to present the case for it . 
  i know fianna f\u00e1il is preparing on a paper on the subject but sinn f\u00e9in have been doing stuff like that for years . 
  it needs to be a real , costed plan on the future for ni 's economy , public services ( the nhs is a big deal ) , etc. 
  they ca n't just say that things are bad in the uk and would be better in a united ireland if they 're going to convince economic unionists that the major constitutional upheaval would be worth it . 
  the best way i can describe how british people and politicians tend to view northern ireland is that it 's a place to which we have a political obligation but it 's not seen an integral part of the country . 
  not only is it small and unattached from the mainland but the political climate there is completely foreign . 
  our own political parties either do n't stand there or do n't get many votes and elections are little more than sectarian headcounts within a margin of error . 
  people there never actually help to shape the outcome of general elections , the only time they actually matter is when the tories need the unionist parties to prop up their majority in case of rebels . 
  the way that we essentially impose a northern ireland secretary on them from a party of our choosing would be almost colonial if they did n't have a way out . 
  it 's a sad state for a democracy to be in but that 's just the way it is . 
  with regards to theresa may not visiting , i think that 's got more to do with her not having anyone to visit than anything else . 
  if there was a first minister in place i do n't see why she would n't pop in for a photo opportunity . 
  i think we 'll see at the next census where things are headed with regards to religion , national identity , etc. 
  looking into the age crosstabs the catholic/nationalist demographic surge almost seems to [ have levelled out ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9e/northern_ireland_national_identity_by_age_band_2011.png ) . 
  any softening of unionism will surely come from those who have been quite happy to just be northern irish , as you said . 
  a lot will rest on the upcoming negotiations and if an open border can be secured with political will . 
  demographics have been shifting for a few decades now but there is still a large unionist majority . 
  you ca n't just look at religion because there is a significant catholic pro-union minority as well as a growing non-religious community which is overwhelmingly unionist . 
  at the last census for example 48.4 % overall identified as british while 28.4 % identified as irish . 
  with regards to soft unionists changing their minds , i have n't seen much evidence of it so far . 
  ipsos mori found a gain of 5 points from 17 % a few years ago to 22 % last summer in favour of unification but that 's still not where it needs to be . 
  who the hell mentioned the empire why is it always remainers/other europeans bringing it up while simultaneously claiming it is brexiteers who are obsessed with it, 
  do you have any evidence of this ? 
  the only proper opinion poll done since the brexit vote still had a very large majority against unification . 
  well , eurosceptics have n't shut up about it for decades . 
  i do n't think remainers will either . 
  there 's not a lot they could do about it before we 've triggered article 50 . 
  afterwards , it 's a matter for the courts whether article 50 is reversible . 
  i do n't see why it would be a problem though . 
  it would be a huge win for the eu if they got us to stay . 
  not like it 's going to happen , mind . 
  not that i disagree , but campaigning for remain is pointless now . 
  we 'll be out of the eu by the time the next election comes around . 
  it 's at that point the pro-eu parties will have to convince the electorate why we should come back . 
  they should be campaigning for return , not remain at this point . 
   how much of an utter cunt the average brit is it seems you are n't exempt from that . 
   those two things mean more or less the same thing colloquially . 
  i do n't think the uk will literally collapse in the same way syria has although that would be pretty funny if it did tbh . 
  you sound really mature . 
   why would the eu want the uk as its friend ? 
  its a declining postcolonial country that has n't realised that it does n't control 1/3 of the world anymore . 
  now that ukip are effectively running it through may adopting their policies the country is beyond a joke . 
  gee , i wonder why the eu would want a good relationship with the uk . 
  ca n't think of any reason at all . 
  not one . 
   good luck trying to have a constructive partnership with the retarded kid that shits all over the food table because he could n't get his way about the menu choices for once . 
  most of the brexiteers will be dead before the uk leaves the eu so who cares if they will claim to be vindicated ? 
  this is funny , because that is exactly what the eu would be doing - throwing a tantrum because one country decided they did n't want to be part of the club anymore . 
  it 's one thing to want to see britain worse off due to brexit in order to preserve the eu , it 's another to want the country to completely collapse . 
  that 's not what any ally or friend would want to happen to another . 
  leave voters would surely be vindicated if the eu decided to go out of its own way to punish a departing member rather than forge a new , constructive partnership . 
  does n't sound like a union i 'd wish to be a part of and would go against the principles the eu was founded upon . 
  luckily i do n't think most european politicians are as petty or self-defeating . 
  requiring visas would be next level petty . 
  pretty much all western countries have visa-free travel . 
  think the figure is closer to 52 %, 
  i do think federalism should happen . 
  i do n't see why it could n't . 
  people say that england is too big for a federal system and would need to be split up in order for federalism to work but that just sounds like a silly excuse . 
  other countries work just fine with something similar . 
  to me it seems like westminster is trying to hold as much of a grip on scotland as possible without fuelling independence sentiment . 
  i always hear about `` the vow '' that was made just before the vote and how it 's supposedly been broken , but i read it and i ca n't see anything that has n't been delivered . 
  do you have anything in particular ? 
   it makes you wonder what they were thinking of british nationalism , separating themselves from the republic for the long-term ? 
  polling afterwards suggested it was one of the less important issues , main ones ( for no voters ) being currency , pensions , public services . 
  to be honest , when it comes to something as serious as breaking up a country i do n't think it 's right to have a snap vote on it because of something like brexit ( as frustrating as it is that scotland voted remain ) . 
  let the deal be negotiated , let the dust settle , and see what scotland thinks then . 
  because a border poll would cause havoc ?
