probably . 
  even today there are around 700,000 people born in scotland and 500,000 born in wales living in england . 
  that is massive given their populations . 
  in ni , the percentage of people saying no religion or leaving the question unanswered increased from 13.9 % to 16.9 % between 2001 and 2011 . 
  [ x ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_northern_ireland#statistics ) in 2001 they did n't break down exactly how many said no religion , but it gives a broad idea . 
  i think the key word there is `` speed '' . 
  the eu 's main goal is ever closer union - they want every member state to reach the same destination , possibly a federal europe , it 's just some are ready sooner than others . 
  the uk meanwhile did n't want any more integration , ever . 
  something would have had to give eventually as the gulf between the uk and more integrated states became ever larger . 
  re : uk , it does n't look like there 's too much correlation between regions with high immigration and regions with high birth rates in england . 
  although obviously immigrants have a higher fertility rate , it does n't seem to be feeding in to the overall figures that much . 
  scotland and wales meanwhile have few non-uk immigrants and a low fertility rate too . 
  i do n't think people have a problem with that specifically ... 
  i think the line comes if we are going to be treated worse than other third party countries . 
  so if the eu has comprehensive trade deals with other countries around the world , but are only willing give us a limited one , that would be `` punishment '' . 
  of course , we have no given right to a trade deal . 
  the eu can work with whoever it likes , and people need to accept that . 
  i did n't vote in the ref , but leaned more towards leave , but i 'm pro single market like some other european countries not signed up to the political union . 
  it was wrong to have a referendum with a binary choice . 
  i do n't hate the eu , i just dislike the route it 's taking ( ever closer political union ) . 
  not sure what your last statement is about . 
  free , fair trade is good . 
  but not wanting a political union with india does n't mean i hate them ? 
  well yes , and it 's not my first choice , but if we 're leaving the single market we ca n't just have a trade deal with europe , we have to have them around the world as well . 
  because it 's not one or the other ? 
  i wish we were staying in the single market , but we 're not and we ca n't continue to rely purely on europe in such a scenario . 
  we need to court trade deals around the world and that may involve getting rebuffed by some but it 's always worth a try . 
  i think diana is more the territory of the express , tbh . 
  if the treasury 's forecasts last year were actually legit ( and not just negative spin to produce a remain vote ) , then they 're not worth the paper they 're written on . 
  it 's a big problem . 
  i think the only time i have ever seen the european parliament on the news is a few days after the brexit vote when they were making speeches . 
  considering how much lawmaking is done by the eu it 's really worrying how little coverage has ever been given to it . 
  it contributed a lot to the vote i think . 
  many think that the eu is some corrupt foreign organisation holding member states hostage . 
  they do n't realise that * we * are the eu . 
  hammond is one of the saner voices in government right now . 
  i suspect that he wanted to go down the eea route but was overruled . 
  the tories have a golden opportunity now though to transform this country 's economy . 
  they 'll most likely be in power for at least a decade more , they need to make the most of it . 
  if they do n't manage it correctly we 'll take a big hit . 
  because nobody here cares about the european parliament , but everybody knows merkel and juncker . 
  interesting . 
  as a unionist if i lived in ni i would n't have minded voting uup since i do n't think they 're trying to overturn the result of the referendum . 
  but i do think they 're suffering a bit of an identity crisis . 
  what makes you vote dup , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  considering the scottish tories have been in the political wilderness for more than two decades i think to be consistently around 25 % and even approaching 30 % in some polls is very good . 
  last year they polled 22 % which was already a huge increase and every indication is that they 've grown more since then . 
  to expect them to be reaching pre-thatcher hatred numbers so soon is a bit of a rough target . 
  unionism is her ` thing ' because independence is the biggest question facing scotland at the moment . 
  everybody campaigns on their strengths so you ca n't begrudge ruth and the tories for doing just that . 
  unionism is a tory value/policy , it 's in their name . 
  eh , i think you 're being a bit harsh on her . 
  for a tory in scotland she has remarkable approval numbers . 
  +18 ( 47/29 ) in the last yougov , compared to +16 ( 53/37 ) for nicola and -16 ( 26/42 ) for kezia https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/k39gmatrzb/times_scotland_results_170314_vi_indy2_trade_domestic_website.pdf, 
  when did she accuse europe ? 
  this whole thing is so silly . 
  of course we would defend gibraltar . 
  of course we wo n't need to . 
  i 've never understood why we have n't just incorporated our overseas territories like france has done . 
  there are some that probably would n't want it , like bermuda maybe , but i do n't see why others would n't . 
  most young people are still against le pen . 
  i definitely agree with you , i think the realities of rejoining would take away the appeal for many people . 
  but that does n't mean we ca n't rejoin the single market at some point which is basically what we had just without the political institutions . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  one former tory leader makes a silly hypothetical comment about defending gibraltar and next thing you know the entire country is up in arms about going to war with spain and coronating may as thatcher 2.0 ready to reclaim an overseas territory from foreign invasion . 
  we really need to get a sense of perspective . 
  the country is going insane . 
   `` the needle on public opinion has shifted so far now . 
  and trying to shift it back is as hard as it was for us to shift it the other way . 
  there 's people protesting , all the rest of it . 
  but the fact is , they 're not going to shift public opinion . 
  it has shifted . 
  it is what it is . 
  it 's permanent . '' why is he so sure ? 
  give it a few years and demographics suggest there would be a pro-eu majority . 
  of course a lot can happen over the next few years , but he 's way too arrogant considering how close it was . 
  this is reflected in opinion polls too ... polish people are generally regarded very well and much better than other eastern europeans . 
  indeed , but only as a backbencher . 
  michael howard is n't even in government anymore , he can say as he likes . 
  it 's not much of a choice . 
  the people of gibraltar have put up with spanish aggression before and they 'll do it again if they have to . 
  if spain is serious about ever getting sovereignty or even entering negotiations then they need to start being constructive rather than bullying the population . 
  markets like certainty ... 
  17 million . 
  and what about it ? 
  it 's almost always people who do n't live in britain , or at least brexit-voting areas , who think people here have mass imperial nostalgia . 
  the brexit vote was in large part a reaction to decades of decay and neglect in anywhere that is n't london . 
  it was driven by the lowest classes who have felt left behind by successive governments and globalisation . 
  whatever you actually think of their vote , whether you think it was against their own self-interest or whatever , that does n't matter . 
  but the idea that any of these demographics went to the polling stations on 23rd june because they wanted the government to exert its own foreign policy across the world once more is laughable and just represents a deep misunderstanding of these people . 
  if anything , they want government to * stay at home * and actually invest in them and their communities . 
  in my entire time debating brexit , the only time i 've seen the empire ever brought up by brexiteers is as a weak rebuttal to the argument that britain needs the eu to survive - a `` we once had an empire , i 'm sure we can govern ourselves '' kind of thing . 
  now , with regards to may 's government , trade deals are necessary for anybody not in a trading bloc but you do n't see the likes of canada accused of having `` delusions of empire '' for courting them . 
  if we already have strong foreign policy links through the commonwealth , why not start there to increase trade ? 
  i do n't think we see ourselves as better ( mind the loons ) , we just see ourselves as a special case in europe . 
  the question constantly asked by people was was - why do we have to be in a union with the continent ? 
  we 've much more in common with other nations like our former colonies yet we do n't have union with them . 
  the entire eu project just seemed rather arbitrary for a lot of people as we never had a european identity . 
  the feeling i got was mostly , the eu is fine but we do n't want to be part of it . 
  mind , there are some people who really hate the eu , you 're right .
