  representative democracy does a decent job without them . 
  because on an issue as complicated as the eu you ca n't use an election as a mandate for these decisions , unless you get over 50 % of the vote which is extremely unlikely . 
  i do n't like the divisive nature of referendums . 
  it forces people to take a binary choice on complicated issues so i think we should avoid them where possible . 
  but i do n't think representative democracy works when it comes to something with as big a scope as the eu , so there 's no other way but a referendum . 
  i should add that in an ideal world we would 've had referendums on all of the treaties as we went along . 
  having a remain/leave question in the end was far from ideal , too binary a choice for something so complex ... 
  but the damage was already done beforehand so it was the only way . 
   that is the thing it is beneficial for them to maintain such high numbers of immigration and the tens of thousands thing was daft beyond belief . 
  very beneficial to us economically , and if we have large growth numbers it 's easy for the government too come election time . 
  but increasingly i feel like people do n't care about the economics because the recovery is n't feeding down to the lower classes . 
  we saw that manifest in the eu referendum , decades of ` it 's the economy , stupid ' came to an end . 
   i imagine so as well , having as much access as possible is a high priority but remaining inside of it would mean accepting freedom of movement and being subjected to the ecj which is n't something that the uk government are wanting to compromise on . 
  not this government . 
  but 48 % voted remain and demographics wise it 's only a matter of time until they 're the majority . 
  i think a pro-single market government will get elected eventually ... 
  i do n't see an end to this that does n't see us end up like norway , on paper it 's a pretty crappy deal but they seem pretty pleased with it and i think people here would feel they have to accept it too . 
  why would they do that ? 
   they also had little long term impact on the environment . 
  many of the countries that never had a referendum on eu subject matters also have some of the most pro-eu population . 
  as i said , i think people deserve to have a say if there is to be a substantial treaty change . 
  gordon brown signing lisbon even when the public was overwhelmingly opposed was a low point . 
  he did n't even appear at the ceremony with other eu leaders . 
   labour ruled out a referendum during the next parliament if they got elected while the conservatives ran on a platform of holding one before the end of 2017 . 
  talking about treaty change , not membership . 
  all parties agreed that if there was another eu treaty there would be a referendum . 
   but they did n't instead they let problem fester and used the eu as a convenient scapegoat whenever it suits them . 
  i do n't dispute this but the eu has never helped matters by not giving member states more freedom . 
   they were n't actually , a yougov poll conducted in 2003 shows that only 27 % of respondents think that the uk should never joined the euro . 
  at there time we had an ambush of ` experts ' basically saying what they did before the eu vote , that we 'd crash economically if we did n't join the euro and it was untenable to keep our own currency . 
  the fact that there was a majority for keeping it off the table for many years ( at the time , i would say it was wrong to say a ` permanent ' no , because we did n't know what to come ) says a lot in that context . 
   beside people would 've quickly had gotten used to it and as such the hostility would lessen . 
  this is what has happened in the countries that use the euro so i see no reason why it would be different for the uk . 
  really ? 
  the uk is already one of the more eurosceptic countries , if you look at other countries where there is actually a significant minority for giving up the euro i have no doubt that given the crisis situation we would 've left the eurozone quickly had we joined . 
  even before that , there was potential for the 2005 election to turn into a referendum on it and labour would 've lost . 
   it really does n't help , if you look at polls for other members it is pretty clear that the euro does help make those countries feel more a part of the eu and less willing to leave . 
  this is pretty noticeable for france as such i do n't think a frexit will happen . 
  because france is so integrated the idea of leaving is ridiculous , indeed . 
  and given the major crises in the euro in recent years have related to the euro and schengen it 's not surprising that we have n't felt involved . 
  but we did n't leave because of that . 
  we could 've got involved if we wanted to and been a leading player like france . 
  but we preferred to sit on the sidelines ( rightly or wrongly ) and that set the stage for brexit , it was kind of inevitable when we began saying no to everything ...  that does n't mean that there was active pressure for it though . 
  people were distracted with plenty of other issues more than the eu was . 
  i am pretty sure at the time a referendum on anything would be fairly popular , even the av one . 
  david cameron announced his referendum polling in 2013 because ukip had spent the bulk of 2012 increasing in the national polls . 
  you were right that there was no active pressure for it in the late 00 's and early 10 's , while a lot of people wanted to leave other issues were more important at the time given the financial crisis . 
  but it was quickly becoming a national issue on which elections were fought post-2012 . 
   that is because they were the only people who bothered to vote in them . 
  as there was very little was done to inform the public of the importance of those elections . 
  eurosceptic parties got around half the vote in the 2014 european elections ( ecr counts in that i think ) . 
  and i think turnout actually indicates apathy with the eu and that 's just as bad . 
  turnout is n't just a uk issue in european elections , it 's an eu-wide problem . 
  people just do n't care about the european parliament , apparently . 
  it needs reform , last time i looked it did n't even have the ability to introduce its own legislation , as the only elected european body that is unacceptable . 
   i agree but we can not simply pretend that the uk tried to undermine integration just because the public did n't support it . 
  people here want less integration , so that 's what our government has pushed for most of the time . 
   all it has done is increased red tape . 
  national governments do n't have as much control as they might think and companies will put a lot of pressure on them to employ whoever they like . 
  as i said , if immigration is really that big an issue for voters ( i really do n't think it is enough to win an election ) , they can vote ukip or something . 
  but i think most voters accept the need for some immigration and trust the tories enough to cut the numbers ( ` tens of thousands ' is unrealistic though ) without plunging us into recession . 
   leave voters are a huge group and some were hoping for that option when they ticked that box . 
  i was one . 
   it looks like they are considering that option albeit as a transitional deal kind of like what was mentioned in flexcit . 
  i think the end deal post-transition will look like a very weak version of single market ` membership ' in the form of a trade deal . 
  i do n't think it will settle the uk 's relationship with europe . 
  people will question whether a clean break was the right thing or whether we should 've kept the eea . 
   no it would n't , people would have just voted on a bunch of local issues rather than on the content of the treaty itself . 
  other countries had referendums that eventually passed with no major issue . 
   it is completely wrong to think that people are as tuned into these things or bothered by it as you are . 
  if we are to have a significant change in the way we are governed , it 's only right that the people have a say in this . 
  the main three parties committed to a referendum on any future treaty change in the 2015 election , but it was too late by then . 
   it is clear that much of the discontent given for voting to leave was down to things that national governments have done rather than the eu . 
  it 's true that national governments can do a lot to alleviate problems , even if the eu does n't allow them to change policy completely . 
  but trying to direct blame and pretending all is fine with the eu rather than looking at the actual problems with the union is what got us in this situation . 
  just as bad as blaming the eu for everything . 
   i firmly believe that if the uk joined the euro at the start people would be more supportive of it now and brexit would never have happened . 
  most of the country was vehemently opposed to the euro at the time . 
  we 're not eurosceptic because we 're not as integrated as everyone else , we 're not as integrated as everyone else because we 're eurosceptic . 
   he did n't need to offer the referendum since the start of this decade polling showed that a majority wanted a referendum and a significant number , occasionally a majority , wanted to leave . 
  this was n't just something that he wanted to do for the sake of it , the eurosceptic sentiment in the country was always there . 
  at the very least it was n't tenable to go on with having ukip as our largest party in the european parliament without having a discussion about our place in europe . 
  that would n't have been healthy . 
   brexit wo n't give them the change that they hoped for . 
  it will give voters full control in the future . 
  i do n't mind immigration , but if people want it to change they will elect a new government that will change it in the future . 
  the tory government is n't permanent . 
   so it was the british government trying to sabotage what the other members wanted ? 
  how much pressure did the public put on then ? 
  every country has their own agenda in the eu . 
  ours was a more expansive , less integrated union . 
  that 's no secret . 
  we do n't accuse other countries of sabotaging our ideas just because they disagree . 
   poland and the other post 2004 accession countries were hardly impoverished perhaps not , but still significantly less well off than other countries in the bloc . 
   those countries have developed more because of the eu . 
  done squat to the migration numbers . 
   that would mean accepting freedom of movement with practically no say on eu laws . 
  it works fine for norway but i can not imagine that would work for the uk . 
  well it would have been one of many options in this theoretical scenario . 
  as for now , i 'd be fine with being like norway .
