  do you know anything about northern ireland 's history ? 
  a poll should n't just happen on a whim . 
  it should only happen when there is undeniable demand for one and when there is reason to believe a majority would vote for unification . 
  the peace process is still a work in progress and very fragile , no need to reopen old wounds for the sake of it . 
  they are , but there is no majority in the assembly for a poll . 
  why do you want to force a vote they do n't want on them ? 
  are their elections invalid to you ? 
  they had one two weeks ago !, 
   on the contrary , the ni public expressed a wish to stay in the eu . 
  london is forcing a change in constitutional status , so the ni public should at least be asked to choose between brexit with the uk versus eu with the roi . 
  just because they want to stay in the eu , it does n't mean they prioritise that over staying in the uk . 
   you seem to want this to be a catch-22 : the ni secretary wo n't order a poll if there 's no majority in favour of reunification , but the only way to determine whether there 's a majority in favour of reunification is to have a poll . 
  they have elections . 
  if nationalist parties get a majority in the assembly , then that could be grounds to call a poll . 
  you can also look at opinion polling and that has n't shown a move in favour of unification yet . 
  why order a poll if the public have n't expressed a wish to change their constitutional status ? 
  they just had elections where they could 've elected a nationalist majority if they wanted to , but they did n't . 
  the provision in the good friday agreement on the grounds to order a poll is fine . 
  given northern ireland 's history of deep division it would be extremely unhelpful and unnecessary to call a poll when every indication is that the unionist side would still prevail . 
   does the gfa rely on the irish and uk governments being members of the eu not really . 
   and being signatories of the echr ? 
  yes , but may has abandoned plans to take us out of it in this parliament so that 's not an issue . 
  the good friday agreement says that a border poll will only be called when there 's reason to believe a majority of people support a united ireland . 
  right now they 're nowhere near . 
  sinn f\u00e9in ask for a border poll all the time . 
  except they know that there 's no grounds to call one , so it 's just a chance for them to manufacture some grievance . 
  probably . 
  going into negotiations prepared to concede everything would be a terrible tactic . 
  they 're just `` asking '' for a sum they know is unreasonable so they can knock down the eventual exit bill that the eu is asking for . 
  things have obviously changed , hence why another vote was so necessary . 
  but i think it does give an indication of the public 's general attitude to europe at the time compared to now . 
  for example , scotland voted more in favour in 2016 with a much more integrated union than it did in 1975 when it was essentially just the single market . 
  england and wales were most in favour of joining in 1975 , funny how that reversed . 
  also london was one of the more eurosceptic areas of england . 
  it only gets messy when you have 5 ?!, 
  here anything other than single party majority government is rare . 
  glorious fptp . 
  it sounds nice in theory , but even if you got all of the anglosphere together the usa would outnumber the rest combined by about two to one . 
  politically it would be a non-starter . 
  never mind anything else . 
  if we have a hard brexit and take the hit to our economy remainers would complain . 
  if we have a soft brexit and none of the leave campaign 's ideas can get implemented then both remainers and leavers would complain . 
  may as well take a shot at pleasing somebody . 
  i have no doubt about that . 
  everything we know about her time as home secretary would suggest she was at the very least amenable to the idea of brexit . 
  but her remain stance does gives her a convenient get out clause if all goes wrong . 
  she campaigned for remain but is politically bound by the referendum result . 
  a ` hard ' brexit is the only brexit that can fulfil the leave campaign 's messaging . 
  at least theresa may campaigned for remain . 
  the scottish government meanwhile has to explain why they wanted to remain in the eu but leave the uk when the pesky experts say independence would be even worse for scotland than brexit . 
  `` every argument for leaving the uk is the same for leaving the eu . '', 
  see how that works ? 
  there is hypocrisy all over the place . 
  28 % is literally one of the lowest figures yes ever polled . 
  it was more like 35 % throughout 2013 , with no just under 50 % and a high number of do n't knows . 
  so the narrative that no bled support throughout the campaign is just false . 
  this amendment would force the government to table a motion on the deal at the end of the article 50 process . 
  there are other ways that mps or peers could trigger a vote , but making it part of this bill is by far the easiest . 
  also there are fears that the government could simply make the vote a ` leave with the deal ' vs. ` leave with no deal ' question , whereas some want there to be an option to seek an extension of negotiations or to revoke article 50 entirely ( it 's not known if that is possible ) . 
  they do n't need it per se , it 's just an attempt to hold the government to account on its promise to hold a vote on the deal ( which is what the lords is for ) . 
  it was n't clear whether the triggering of article 50 is royal prerogative or whether it requires an act of parliament . 
  the court ruled that it 's the latter . 
  this bill is just to give the prime minister the power to trigger article 50 . 
  it does n't bind parliament to accepting the deal that she comes back with , or anything else . 
  parliamentary sovereignty , and all that . 
  they can revisit the act at a later date , or introduce a new bill . 
  this amendment will most likely be rejected by the commons . 
  but that does n't mean there will be no oversight . 
  parliament can always choose to involve itself at a later date , it does n't need to be specifically written into this bill . 
  arlene would never be seen bowing to the demands of sinn f\u00e9in . 
  though they have said they will go into negotiations with her , they just wo n't accept her as first minister . 
  quite how that works out i do n't know . 
  well , everybody spins results in a way that favours them . 
  same way yes supporters bring up how much support increased for them throughout the campaign , while the scottish tories pretend alex salmond and nicola sturgeon were the only people to actually vote yes . 
  getting 45 % in any election or referendum is no mean feat . 
  case in point : / r/unitedkingdom, 
  definitely , economic realities have a big part to play . 
  and i think there is a desire to not disrupt the still very recent and fragile peace process . 
  in recent years northern ireland has pretty much had the best of both worlds . 
  with brexit the situation could certainly change . 
  i 'm not confident of making any predictions until anything is actually negotiated , though . 
  i think it 's one of the few areas where there is a lot of political will on both sides to make things work , so perhaps any damage will be mitigated . 
  nothing wrong with wanting a united ireland , just also think there 's nothing wrong with wanting good and less divisive government while the current situation exists . 
  not like the assembly has the power to call a border poll , anyway . 
  most definitely , think alliance and parties like it should be the future of ni politics . 
  i think alliance would be more unionist than nationalist if we 're going to guess , they used to be a unionist party after all . 
  pbp i will give you that . 
  young people tend to be more agnostic on the constitutional issue . 
  especially the generation coming in to the electorate just now , all they 've ever known is a relatively peaceful northern ireland . 
  i expect/hope sectarianism will slowly die out because of this . 
  demographic shifts mean catholics will probably become a majority in northern ireland at some point . 
  catholicism is closely linked with nationalism and protestantism with unionism , but i 've heard about younger catholics being more in favour of the union than the generations before . 
  i 'd be interested in a proper study on it . 
  it is , but the unique circumstances in northern ireland make it a bit easier to predict . 
  for starters , a border poll ca n't even be called until it looks like irish unification has majority support . 
  also the behaviour of the electorate is closely linked with demographics . 
  i do n't think within the next 15 years is very likely at all . 
  i do think it is inevitable at some point , though . 
  45 % backed brexit in northern ireland . 
  not a majority , but hardly an overwhelming rejection .
