  apologies . 
  point still stands . 
  considering you are seemingly unwilling to accept that the irish did anything wrong with regards to violence and believe that everything was the fault of the nasty british , i think that i am ever so slightly ` better ' in that regard . 
  it 's not impossible for it to happen , no - but i do n't think it 's particularly feasible . 
  once a border poll is seriously proposed the unionists will start acting up and that would of course just be the start . 
  for the actual referendum to be successful , it would probably take years of negotiations to ensure it would be carried out peacefully and respectfully by both sides as well as the irish and british governments . 
  questions would have to be answered - how would unionists be protected in a united ireland ? 
  would stormont continue as a devolved administration ? 
  questions like that . 
  to be honest , i think people would just get fed up of the whole thing actually and accept what they have . 
  it 's not as if northern ireland is in a bad position right now - nationalists get their irish citizenship and an open border ( which i 'm confident will continue no matter what ) , unionists get their country . 
  i agree that young people are quite a bit more moderate in their views . 
  but i think that 's more to do with an understanding of the other side as opposed to being prepared to be won over . 
  one of my best friends is northern irish , votes sinn f\u00e9in and wants a united ireland more than anything , but he still understands and respects unionism . 
  that 's not to say he could ever be won over , nationalism is ingrained within him . 
  going back to identity though , and looking at the last census , 48.4 % identified as british , 29.4 % as northern irish and 28.4 % as irish ( some overlap , mainly between british/northern irish ) . 
  that would be a tough start for any unification campaign especially when you consider that those identifying with england , scotland or wales takes the combined british total to 50.0 % exactly . 
  taking 16-24s in isolation ( 44.2 % british to 32.3 % irish and 29.6 % northern irish ) it still looks like it 'll take some effort . 
  northern ireland is the only nation in the country where a plurality identifies as british . 
  in scotland , well over 60 % identified as ` scottish only ' yet unionists still found a majority in 2014 and lead the polls today . 
  i think , if we 're going to have a united ireland in the not-so-distant future , it 's going to come from elsewhere - probably involving the union completely collapsing . 
  and for the economy to have a serious impact on views , i think similar to scotland there would have to be an actual recession for people to shift . 
  right now the most common forecast seems to be that our economy will still grow but at a slower pace than it otherwise would have . 
  i do n't think most people will be able to tell the difference if it goes down like that . 
  i 'm not saying things ca n't change in the future . 
  they obviously can , they do all the time . 
  but some people are acting as if northern ireland can join the republic within 10 , 20 years - which just is n't a realistic time scale no matter what sinn f\u00e9in say . 
  you also have to factor in that the peace process is very fragile as we are witnessing right now . 
  if you thought the scottish independence referendum and the eu referendum were divisive , i dread to think what a border poll would bring . 
  my only thought process is - if somewhere like scotland is struggling to form a majority for independence , a place where attachment to westminster is tiny and most already feel more scottish than british , then northern ireland has almost no hope in the near future when british national identity is so strong . 
  i do n't think that 's an unreasonable view . 
  well , clearly you 're unable to have a proper debate . 
  well the will of the northern irish people right now is to remain in the union . 
  under the good friday agreement a border poll can only be called when it 's feasible that a majority would vote for a united ireland but polls right now say only somewhere between a quarter and a third would do so . 
  but again , you 're falling into the trap of thinking domestic policy has much influence . 
  northern ireland is not scotland . 
  there are n't going to be tons of people suddenly calling themselves irish after considering themselves british for so long just because the uk is leaving the eu . 
  do n't be so dramatic . 
  let 's not rewrite history and act like violence was a one way street during the troubles . 
  it was hardly the best moment in our democracy , but it 's a bit insulting to compare it to the crimean referendum . 
  it was a free and fair vote . 
  nationalists were hardly dragged to the polls and forced to vote in favour of the union . 
  they were free to either vote for a united ireland or boycott altogether . 
  you clearly do n't understand northern ireland . 
  campaigning would n't have moved the needle that much , referendums and elections there are basically just sectarian head counts . 
  the debate is ruled by national identity and no amount of campaigning can change whether someone identifies as british or irish . 
  99 % on a 59 % turnout , so it does n't matter that it was boycotted by nationalists . 
  it 's a sad reality . 
  i 'd go further and say that even a lot of dup types in northern ireland were probably only in favour of brexit because it presents the opportunity of a hard border . 
  not that i personally think it 'll happen , mind . 
  and you think people would buy that ? 
  i 'm not sure where you 're from , but what you 're saying suggests a deep misunderstanding of the english electorate . 
  like it or not most do not really care about peace in northern ireland or whether scotland goes independent - neither things affect them . 
  sad , but true . 
  what they 're interested in is whether immigration goes down and whether their own prospects improve . 
  you can have whatever opinion you like about whether leaving the eu will actually achieve what they want , but ignoring the result of the referendum would only strengthen their resolve - you think after the nature of the vote they 'll all just get in their box and say `` well , the government says we can not leave , so i guess i was wrong '' ? 
  they 'll be angry , and they 'll certainly turn up to vote next time . 
  a majority voted to leave the eu . 
  you really see no problem in ignoring the result ? 
  what would that say about democracy ? 
  people would understandably be angry . 
  except very few unionists vote for the snp . 
  they do so well because they have a monopoly on the nationalist vote while the unionist vote is split between different parties . 
  their policy is n't just to win a referendum on leaving the eu but to actually leave it . 
  farage would certainly come back if the government back out of leaving ( he might even return if single market membership/freedom of movement is retained ) . 
  and just because they 're not considered serious by the centre/left it does n't make their 13 % at the last general election invalid . 
  yougov polling currently that shows around a quarter of voters would consider voting for them , which would likely increase after a couple of `` traitor '' headlines from the daily mail et al. 
  it would n't take much to make them the kingmakers at the next general election . 
  the snp completely took over scotland despite a relatively decisive referendum loss yet you think ukip would n't surge if this referendum result was actually overturned ? 
  they have alternatives , they just do n't want to run while chances of ousting corbyn are minimal . 
  you 're really being unnecessarily dramatic . 
  i have yet to hear a convincing argument as to why an unskilled italian should be given preferential treatment over a skilled indian . 
  your argument seems to be that they just should , because , well , europe ? 
  you 're working backwards - the eu is a good thing so therefore everything about it must be good . 
  it 's a nonsensical argument . 
  i do , however , appreciate you insinuating that everywhere outside the eu is a third world hellhole that we should want no contact with while everywhere inside is some sort of first world economic bastion so of course free movement is n't a problem . 
  nice touch . 
  but you 're completely right that immigrants contribute immensely to this country . 
  that 's why nobody is attempting to stop immigration . 
  and in case you do n't know , non-eu immigration is actually higher than eu immigration . 
  so i do feel that you 're exaggerating these ` barriers ' just a little . 
  they do n't stop people from coming here . 
  and because of the extra checks that do exist , the average non-eu migrant probably contributes more than their eu equivalent . 
  the dangers to our economy do n't come from limiting immigration from the eu , rather losing access to the single market for goods and services - but that 's a whole different argument . 
  as a british citizen , i think if the uk tried to deport me ( to where ? ), 
  this country would have to have some deep problems going on . 
  i 'm not even sure what to say to this paragraph . 
  your argument is a bit crazy . 
  why should i afford a supranational union the same respect as a sovereign state - my country of birth ? 
  what ? 
  the eu is not some sort of hero organisation that protects us all . 
  plenty of countries outside it exist just fine without stamping on the rights of their citizens . 
  nothing in life is guaranteed . 
  but certainly they will be treated no differently than an immigrant from anywhere else in the world . 
  we have plenty of people from all over who build their lives here . 
  if people from other continents can come here and succeed without being given any special rights , so can europeans . 
  as far as i 'm aware the government is not going to start deporting millions of eu nationals . 
  no immigrant has had their life ruined . 
  mostly , it 'll be interesting to have europe 's biggest economy outside of the eu ( if we 're still out then ) . 
  for that reason i ca n't see much changing other than france taking on a bigger role .
