  the uk will keep doing its own thing , stuck in between europe and the usa . 
  stay in the single market ... or we 'll kick you out of the single market . 
  even back in 2012 polls had people wanting to leave the eu . 
  euroscepticism was hardly a thing people picked up en masse in 2016 . 
  i mean , i do n't know about any other countries but for the uk it does tend to come up with much more favourable figures for the eu than our own national polling . 
  but you 're pretending that anybody promised immigration would be reduced to 0 if there was a leave vote . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  there was only one official leave campaign designated by the electoral commission and `` end all immigration '' was certainly not one of their messages . 
  i 'm not going to deny that the whole process is a mess , but please stop lying about what people were told when they went to vote . 
  reducing the numbers is another matter entirely , we can have a whole debate on whether that 's even feasible ( in the long term , given it 's already fallen by a lot in the last year ) but that 's not what you said in your original comment . 
  no one in the leave campaign said they do n't want any immigration at all , i do n't understand how that 's moving the goalposts, 
  we were told by the government that barely any would come so there was no need . 
  whether they actually believed that or not i do n't know , but they did later use the restrictions when romania and bulgaria joined in 2007 . 
  english is the lingua franca of europe because it is by far the closest thing we have to a worldwide lingua franca . 
  there would be no point in the eu trying to force another language unless they could also convince the whole world to . 
  but what you appear to be suggesting is a lingua franca for europe only , and i do n't see how that 'd solve any problems ( other than some french people not liking english ) ... we 'd still need to be able to communicate with the rest of the world which would likely still be speaking english . 
  is it really any wonder why so many brits voted against a united europe last june ? 
  clearly the `` unity '' was a facade . 
  why not invite argentina to join the eu if loyalties were really so split ? 
  i was responding to the comment saying that the uk ca n't be in the single market without being in the eu , not talking about hammond ... 
  well that 's my point - if other eu member states favour swiss-like deals over political union , what is the point of the eu ? 
  it should exist purely to serve its member states interests , not impose anything on them that they do n't want . 
  nonetheless i do n't think you have to worry about it , the eu27 will be fine . 
  given it 's hammond saying this ( the most pro-soft brexit member of the cabinet ) , i doubt freedom of movement is a huge concern for him . 
  but of course he understands it would be politically suicidal to keep it for longer than need be . 
  it 's perfectly possible to be outside of the eu and part of the single market , whether it 's on an eea basis like norway or part of a bilateral relationship like switzerland . 
  not sure what you 're on about here . 
  as regards to your last point , if eu member states would prefer a series of bilateral agreements rather than political union then perhaps the eu should n't exist . 
  the eu does n't exist in spite of its member states , but because they want it to . 
  based upon the context that you 've omitted it appears he was talking about the transitional deal . 
  there 's a lot of people who still do n't trust the government and think we 'll have a ` transitional period ' in the single market that will never actually end . 
  it 's not a dumb statement , it 's meant to appease the same group who liked the ` brexit means brexit ' rhetoric . 
  this really shows how the eu 's image of being hostile to decentralisation hurt the remain campaign , and that barely anybody bought in to the ` reform from the inside ' rhetoric . 
  in 2015 only 22 % wanted to leave entirely . 
  this increased to 41 % in 2016 as views hardened due to the campaign , but they still find a majority in favour of staying in principle . 
  it 's just that leave picked off many of the 35 % that wanted to stay but reduce the eu 's powers because they thought the eu would never agree to that . 
  the uk will not have any judges on the ecj because we wo n't be a member of the eu , that 's how the ecj works . 
  that 's why ending ecj jurisdiction is a red line for the government , we wo n't be ruled by a foreign court . 
  in this case the eu wants the ecj to be able to rule specifically on issues surrounding the rights of eu citizens in the uk . 
  since we wo n't be following all eu laws and regulations anymore it would make no sense for us to have a judge . 
  there should be a neutral court that upholds the deal . 
  except the uk wo n't have judges on the ecj once we leave . 
  do you expect uk courts to have a role in upholding the rights of uk citizens in the eu ? 
  or does it only work one way ? 
  well legally , consent is n't required . 
  it 's just convention but it can be overruled . 
  generally speaking people say they want to stay in `` the single market '' and `` customs union '' , but they also want to end freedom of movement . 
  the public do n't know what anything means . 
  this poster was a response to the uup ( another unionist party ) making an electoral pact with the tories back in 2010 . 
  it 's a bit of a different situation to this one as the dup still have their own mps . 
   a senior minister said the fact may intends to rely on northern ireland 's democratic unionist party means she could be forced to keep britain in the eu 's customs union , as well as the single market . 
  that minister clearly does n't know much about the dup , as they as in favour of leaving the single market . 
  oh yes , most of the party probably wants one . 
  but it would be electoral suicide in their heartlands . 
  they did promise to end free movement , which means out of the single market . 
  indeed . 
  but there seems to be some delusions among a lot of people that labour want a soft brexit , which is just not true . 
  there wo n't be . 
  there 's a real chance the tories would lose , so they 'll do everything they can to avoid it . 
  and the dup obviously do n't want to risk corbyn being pm . 
  labour never said they would keep us in the single market ? 
  i will say that this poll is why there wo n't be another election anytime soon . 
  tory mps wo n't vote themselves out of government , and the dup certainly do n't want corbyn to become pm . 
  well aware of the problems in ni . 
  it looks to be a confidence and supply arrangement at westminster though which is n't quite as bad as a coalition , means the dup are n't in government . 
  talking about the dup here , of course they think that . 
  it 's a mess , you 're right . 
  the tories wo n't be able to carry out a lot of their manifesto so really we 're looking at stagnation for as long as the government survives . 
  but if the polling suggests labour have taken the lead , they will of course try to keep it going for as long as they possibly can . 
  i was truly astonished when i read may wanted a formal coalition with the dup . 
  it suggests she is either completely ignorant of northern ireland 's politics , or just does n't care . 
  westminster is meant to be neutral in their affairs and that 's impossible if the dup are sitting on the government benches . 
  confidence and supply is bad enough , but an all-out coalition would be ridiculous . 
  particularly as direct rule is looking a distinct possibility . 
  the reason polls are so bad is because it 's almost impossible to gauge what the turnout will be , especially among the youth . 
  in 2015 one of the main reasons the polls overestimated labour is because young people did n't turn out in the numbers they said they would in the polls . 
  this year most of the pollsters tried to correct for this , but in the meantime they completely missed a legitimate surge in youth voter engagement which resulted in them underestimating labour this time . 
  but if the dup bring down the tory government that could trigger another election , which there 's a real possibility labour could win . 
  the dup obviously do n't want to risk that - it 's personal for them , his past ira links are controversial . 
  yes , it feels slightly strange talking about how much of a disaster it is for the tories when they got more than 42 % and 13.7 million votes ( second highest total ever ) . 
  that would normally be landslide territory in fptp . 
  but two-party politics is truly back . 
  mainly because the lib dems are breaking towards labour though , if she starts to lose her own voters then she 'll panic . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  she needs to keep her voters happy or they 'll go back to ukip . 
  i 'm guessing the uk 's population forecast will change dramatically depending on whether may actually succeeds with her immigration policies, 
  they want to leave the single market and customs union and negotiate a new trade deal as a third country . 
  that 's all they can really say about it , the rest is up to the negotiations . 
  i think may/the government would take the view that they should n't be here if they 're unemployed, 
  nobody is forcing you to click on threads you 're not interested in, 
  this is n't r/eu , its r/europe any european country can post about its internal politics , i always find it interesting, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj6k-evqcca she sounds really good actually, 
  italy is great this year tho, 
  england and wales , or england for short which shall annoy the welsh probably not going to happen anyway, 
  leave.eu is a fringe organisation, 
  the centre of brexit was the conservative party, 
  leave.eu is n't really mainstream , they did n't get the official campaign designation for a reason, 
  leave.eu once again showing why they would 've lost the referendum in a landslide had they got the designation, 
  proportional representation has its merits , but at the same time it would give undue power to fringe , extremist parties like ukip or the greens by making them the kingmakers . 
  in 2015 we probably would 've ended up with a tory/ukip coalition .
