  exactly . 
  there 's no point even discussing rejoining if we lose our opt-outs - it 's just not going to happen . 
  but saying we could come back and carry on as things were if all goes wrong is not a particularly strong position for the eu either . 
  that 's not to say it should n't be possible . 
  having the uk around even with opt-outs is obviously better for the eu . 
  but they should n't be shouting about it . 
  there have been record levels of immigration into the uk in the past couple of years , though . 
  even when more countries are available we 're apparently still the most attractive , guessing because we speak english ( elsewhere they would probably have to learn a third language ) . 
  delaying the problem is n't really a solution though . 
  that said , a lot of the uk 's grievances with the eu can be traced back to blair . 
  considering he 's probably the biggest europhile there is it 's a bit ironic . 
  i think the uk and canada would be better off negotiating our own trade agreement as opposed to being limited by trump 's campaign to weaken mexico . 
  kosovo is n't even a member of the united nations . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're proudly using them as an example ? 
  they 're one of the poorest countries in europe . 
  when half the world does n't recognise your existence it does n't exactly help you prosper . 
  spain also does not recognise kosovo and would not recognise an an independent scotland through udi either . 
  so there 's eu membership out of the window , as well as membership of most pan-european organisations . 
  and i completely disagree that most would turn out to vote regardless . 
  the unionist parties would flat out tell their supporters not to turn up . 
  it would get extensive media coverage . 
  there is precedent for this in the uk - just look at the 1973 northern ireland border poll . 
  you are also wrong about malta . 
  abstaining was just one of three options suggested by their labour party . 
  they also told supporters they could spoil their ballots or vote no . 
  again , constitutional matters are reserved for westminster so the snp would n't be in a position to accept anything . 
  i 'm sorry but the half of scotland that does not want independence would simply not accept any of these tactics . 
  it 's insane that you think the snp would ever even consider going down this route . 
  why would 2/3 of ` no ' voters turn up to vote in what would essentially be an snp opinion poll ? 
  the referendum would n't be recognised . 
  not internationally ( apart from the usual suspects ) , not by westminster , and not by most unionists . 
  if the snp even tried a udi it would destroy scotland . 
  you think the rest of the world would just allow an unrecognised and illegal country into international organisations and the like ? 
   scotland is a country not a region and can choose to leave the union if it decides not actually the case . 
  scottish independence would have to be granted by westminster . 
  just like the spanish government denies catalonia , westminster could do the same to scotland . 
  i do n't understand why people act like nicola sturgeon could just call a second independence referendum unilaterally at any moment . 
  all she is doing right now is posturing and that will always be the case until she formally asks the british government to prepare for another vote . 
  they 're very busy right now however so i ca n't see them complying until after brexit is done and dusted . 
  the government simply can not cope with both things at once . 
  also , the uk is not federal . 
  we await more polls , but the scottish subsample in the [ yougov poll ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/xalfiwu0ed/timesresults_170118_vi_trackers_mayspeech_w.pdf ) on may 's speech suggested that scots were broadly supportive of may 's brexit targets . 
  by 40-29 % scots said it would be good for britain if achieved , and by 44-42 % they said they 'd be happy with the outcome . 
  and it was said months ago by both the uk & eu that a separate deal for scotland is impossible so i 'm not sure what you 're going on about there . 
  maybe , but there was a referendum just over two years ago and the argument has hardly died down since then . 
  i think most people will have formed an opinion already which makes it different from the other referendums we 've had . 
  it 's more than people just choosing the status quo option because there has n't been any debate . 
  correction : the snp say they want another vote to leave . 
  polls have n't moved very much . 
   yes , it was mostly grumpy old men . 
  but i think it was also inevitable , even if the young had actually come out and voted . 
  i never spoke to a remain voter who really loved the eu , they ( we ) just did n't like the alternative . 
  the uk just wanted a free trade area , nothing more . 
  if we did n't leave now , we would have left in a few years . 
  one of my biggest reasons for , on balance , supporting brexit . 
  it 's clear our vision for the eu is fundamentally different to what other european countries want . 
  i never bought the `` remain and reform '' message either because we can not expect the rest of the eu to accommodate us all of the time . 
  and having an exemption from further integration as outlined in the renegotiation would have only sought to create further divisions and a two-tier membership , weakening the union . 
  i think now that we 're leaving we can still have a close relationship but the eu can carry out the reform it 's needed for quite some time and the uk can be better off in the long run as well . 
  can we implement those new border controls while he 's gone ? 
  indeed , 76 % of leave voters want to guarantee the rights of eu citizens currently living in the uk . 
  just 8 % say we should n't . 
  [ source ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/xalfiwu0ed/timesresults_170118_vi_trackers_mayspeech_w.pdf ), 
  what do you expect her to say ? 
  do n't think anyone is claiming it 's back to where it was before the referendum . 
  i never said anything about what i expect post-brexit . 
  the next decade or so , possibly longer , will be worse than they would 've otherwise been . 
  but i think us leaving the eu at some point was inevitable anyway . 
  the rest of the eu is going to continue to integrate , it simply has to if the project is going to work and solve the problems it has , but the public in this country was ( obviously ) just never going to accept that . 
  we would become a half-member , almost . 
  and we already had enough opt-outs . 
  i think we will , eventually , get to the point where we can be close and co-operate with the eu while still being outside of it . 
  maybe we wo n't be as prosperous as we would 've been . 
  but that 's not everyone 's number one priority it 's important to understand . 
  if it 's the difference between our economy growing at 2 % or 1.5 % ( based upon latest projections ) then i think most brexiteers will happily take the hit . 
  the vast majority here do not want to become part of what could become a european state just because that 's the way everybody else is going . 
  the article is about the single market , not the eu . 
  could n't you have asked the question without the snipe at the end ? 
  part of the leave campaign 's message was that the eu prevents the uk from forging its own trade deals with other countries . 
  it was n't really an isolationist campaign , tbf . 
  i 'm arguing that what she 's expected to say tomorrow will be nothing new . 
  i see what you 're saying . 
  though i remain unconvinced that any sort of temporary agreement can be arranged within just two years , nor do i want the eu to still dominate our politics for decades after we leave . 
  ` taking back control ' indeed ...  if the pound falls below parity , i predict that the government will resign . 
  why ? 
  they 'd just be returned with an even larger majority . 
  there is no opposition . 
  ` brexit means brexit ' is mocked but it was a line mainly to reassure voters that we would n't be retaining ` membership-lite ' and thus freedom of movement . 
  in one of her first speeches as prime minister she said that ending freedom of movement is a red line . 
  add on to that what we 've been hearing from eu leaders about the four freedoms , our departure from the single market has been all but a certainty - people just did n't want to hear it because of how much they think it 'll be a disaster . 
  can the probability increase any further ? 
  we 're leaving the single market , to be honest we 've knew that ever since may became pm . 
  i think the vast majority of people want immigration to be reduced , yes . 
  for many that did n't lead them to vote for brexit because the referendum was not just on free movement , but a remain vote \u2260 an endorsement of free movement . 
  and even less voted to remain . 
  if people are n't eligible to vote or choose to abstain then their vote does n't just get added to the status quo option . 
  welcome to the echo chamber . 
  votes ? 
  but fair enough . 
  please tell me where i was being unreasonable .
