  ipsos mori did a poll post-brexit . 
  http://www.newsletter.co.uk/news/major-poll-showing-strong-support-for-the-union-divides-nationalism-1-7570933 granted support may be higher if you ask about the distant future , but i think people are too protective of the peace process and aware of the economic realities to want to disrupt northern ireland any time soon . 
  the independent elected is a unionist as well , so they 've held on to a plurality of one . 
  alliance by nature are a status quo party . 
  even though they invite people from all backgrounds , they do get most of their support from unionist areas and it 's important to be conscious of that when analysing the results . 
  yeah , she 's an independent ( progressive ) unionist . 
  that is not true . 
  almost certain now that there will be 40 unionist mlas ( 28 dup , 10 uup , 1 tuv , 1 ind ) , 39 nationalist mlas ( 27 sf , 12 sdlp ) and 11 ` other ' mlas ( 8 all , 2 grn , 1 pbp ) . 
  the nationalist vote was extremely motivated by arlene foster 's corruption and arrogance . 
  unionists are extremely lucky they still have a slight plurality . 
  interesting times ahead for northern ireland , a return to direct rule could be on the cards . 
   a united ireland is now more likely than ever before . 
  i protest this . 
  this assembly will ( hopefully ) last until 2022 , so a border poll is unlikely during the next five years as unionists are still the largest designation , and the neutral parties have n't expressed a desire for one any time soon either . 
  i was joking ? 
  we should ban them . 
  they 're not good for my mental health . 
  they need to get 28 or lower , because that jim allister guy would almost certainly sign off on their pocs , at least for equal marriage . 
  labour have said they wo n't delay , so i expect the commons to reject the amendment and the lords to give in . 
  it will probably delay the process by a week . 
  any money that could be given to make up for brexit shortfalls will probably be given separately after we 've left , not as part of another scheme which has been concurrent to eu funds . 
  giving them the benefit of the doubt here . 
  the government does n't even know how much money it will still be paying into the eu budget for various things , so i do n't think it 's right for them to start apportioning out money on guesswork anyway . 
  well , it 's only adding to brexit in terms of political uncertainty . 
  so it ca n't be helping . 
  i ca n't believe merkel 's actually in danger . 
  she 's always seemed invincible from an outsider perspective . 
  most probably , particularly the stuff that is required for trade . 
  it 's other stuff that will become problematic . 
  if she waits too long , then she may miss her window . 
  it will become a problem if scotland is outside of the eu for too long - the potential for a seamless transition will be lost and public appetite ( or at least intensity ) for eu membership might fade away as well . 
  so it seems like it will be easier for westminster to tighten its grip on scotland in the long-run through brexit , it 's the next couple of years that will be tough for them . 
  the first table is voting intention . 
  since may took office it 's been a lead for no in the high single digits , but there was a short-lived surge for yes immediately after the vote . 
  leaving aside that nonsense prediction for a moment , you 're forgetting something - that quite a number of yes voters from 2014 voted leave in the eu referendum . 
  [ many of them have now made the switch to no ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/inlineimage/18541/indyref2%20skanky-01.png ) , enough to cancel out the people going the other way . 
  they 're more likely to vote against than for , imo . 
  the snp still have n't answered the major questions surrounding independence ( currency , etc ) . 
  and there 's another one they have to answer now - in 2014 they could say they would be in the eu single market so trade with ruk would n't be affected . 
  but now an independent scotland would ( probably ) be in a different internal market . 
  it 's another issue they have to convince people on . 
  it 's retroactive i believe , so people can still move here for the next two years , but if they come after article 50 is triggered they wo n't have the automatic right to permanent residency after we leave that the govt is planning to give to other eu citizens . 
  are they official polls ? 
  that poll was conducted by ipsos mori , which is a member of the british polling council . 
  the [ latest poll ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-37309706 ) from september had 63 % against reunification and 22 % in favour . 
  just saw [ this tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/europeelects/status/829422748309061635 ) . 
  seems it 's more of a middle aged thing . 
  the uk has been far too centralised in london for too long . 
  we need to build up our other cities . 
  london would survive without parliament , thinking of it i would be in favour of having the british parliament move to manchester and a new english parliament in birmingham as part of a federal uk . 
  probably wo n't ever happen , mind . 
  they need some operations in the eu to participate in the single market . 
  does n't mean they 're necessarily leaving london - although , i would say that 's a more long-term worry and the govt should work to protect the future of our financial sector . 
  do n't young people support the fn most ? 
  i will give the markets the few weeks after the vote to think that was a realistic possibility . 
  but if they still thought article 50 would n't happen after theresa `` brexit means brexit '' may became pm they are insane . 
  i 'm not sure what difference it would have made had article 50 been triggered immediately after the vote . 
  markets price in what they know is going to happen - it does n't matter when . 
  on the morning of june 24 they knew that there was an extremely high probability that article 50 was going to be triggered at some point , even if not that exact morning . 
  i do n't think the pound will suddenly tumble again next month when the formal notice is given , as if traders will be caught by surprise . 
  any ups and downs over the next few years will be due to any uncertainty or news coming out regarding negotiations , not because may finally decided to formally notify the eu of what we 've known for more than half a year . 
  imagine having this much hate for another country . 
  it 's needed if the eu wants to survive . 
  brexit gives euroscepticism legitimacy , and provided we get out still standing it will be used as a weapon by eurosceptic parties across europe for years to come . 
  eu needs to counter that . 
  but the court is there to enforce the law , not create new ones . 
  well , the civil partnership law only applies to same-sex couples - so what law takes precedence ? 
  i think the court is right to rule that only parliament can change it . 
  you think unionists would n't put up a fight if there was a threat of losing their country ? 
  brexit or no brexit , the current arrangement is best for peace in ni . 
  if reunification becomes an actual prospect the violence would be ten times worse than what a hard border would bring . 
  you may have a point once article 50 is actually triggered . 
  right now it has n't been so nothing has changed , we 're still full members and acting as such . 
  it 's hardly as if we voted it down . 
  26 of our meps voted in favour , 24 against . 
  it 's just a fringe group at a ukip conference . 
  you do n't think we should get a say as long as we 're paying , participating and abiding by the rules ? 
  article 50 has n't been triggered yet . 
  as long as we 're still a full participating member we should get a vote . 
  i have a horrible feeling fillon will beat macron to the second round , and then another scandal will arise and ta-da , president le pen . 
  seriously , seeing her on 43 % in a head to head is not comforting . 
  come on . 
  it was only ukip , greens and some labour who voted against . 
  the tories , the lib dem and the rest of labour voted for it . 
  it would 've been quite something had scotland voted for independence in 2014 on the back of oil , only for the price to crash and shetland to secede . 
  why do people quote one mep , or one person within the eu and use that as evidence of anything ? 
  all it does is allow people to cherry pick whatever they want to hear to further their own agenda . 
  first that article about scotland `` joining the queue '' and now this . 
  the truth is nobody knows whether scotland could have smooth entry into the eu because the eu as a whole has n't decided yet ( and should n't really until scotland actually votes for independence ) . 
  and those issues will i 'm sure be discussed with the scottish government when they come up . 
  but that does n't give it a right to veto article 50 as a whole . 
   and i 'm not sure what polls you 're reading . 
  point is , polls can say anything . 
  they can say anything , but they 're certainly not saying scots would vote for independence right now . 
   that 's what i said . 
  they will probably leave , have indyref and then rejoin eu or efta . 
  rejoining the eu would mean signing up to the euro and schengen , while saying they will just go for it half-baked through efta would hardly be a major vote winner in the referendum and kill some of the snp 's rationale for holding it . 
   why would it break protocol ? 
  they would n't be discussing independence possibilities , they would be discussing the formalities of how a country , as a former eu memeber , would go about rejoining the eu after a period of non-membership . 
  hence , discussing scottish independence ?
