we behave like we could , does that count ? 
  / r/history is going to have an aneurism :(, 
  vlad was ruthless but he fought a defensive war , ca n't really compare him to the other 2 . 
  is n't celine dion the only canadian ? 
  yea it is moronic , we got kemal ataturk , the most famous and influential figure in modern turkish history , listed as a greek because he was born in thessaloniki . 
  turks got homer because they got his birthplace like 3000 years after his era , bulgarians got saprtacus and croatians and slovaks have their own wtfs going on . 
  the balkans on this map are just a triggerfest . 
  our whole neighborhood in this map is a mess  . <, 
  just not `` money stronk '', 
  in greece we got 491/100k and there was an incident of a cop killing a 15 year old back in 2008 . 
  athens burned for a week . 
  bring tea !, 
  as is tradition . 
  it plays in the culture of both politicians and citizens sadly . 
  hence the never ending quicksanding in the wonderful cesspool we 're in . 
  this shitstorm has deep social/cultural roots , not giving a fuck about each other being just one of them . 
  did we though ? 
  i smoke in my hospital office ( i do n't examine patients in there ofc ) . 
  with 90-100 hours a week for 1k/month it 's either that or i burn the fucking thing down . 
  i 've seen patients smoking in the room with other patients and in the corridors , usually gypsies , junkies and drunks . 
  teachers do not smoke in class . 
  i did read the article , non-emergency surgery is just as life-saving , this is denial of health services to legal citizens . 
  it is unethical and ~ ~ illegal ~ ~ a human rights violation . 
  source : i am a physician . 
  this is unethical and illegal . 
  but i love clouds and rain !, 
  this makes sense , thanks !, 
  nah , firing doctors would take balls , and these guys they have none . 
  instead they just do n't hire anyone , letting the public health system bleed staff by retirements and resignations . 
  this practice went on during 3 governments , socialists , conservatives and now leftists . 
  all of them corrupt to the bone . 
  fml . 
  in state hospitals as residents we had 80-100 hour weeks , life was ... numb . 
  so many told me that these days , how come you guys have such a high need for docs ? 
  salaries look great , hospitals too , health system i assume ... healthy . 
  is it a low interest in the field ? 
  that 's what i thought , how about a tour for experience in south america , lots of spanish speaking countries . 
  and mining ofc . 
  cheers !, 
  any series with `` simple '' language i can follow with english subtitles ? 
  you should see the oils they use for cooking !, 
  they are transparent , wtf ? 
  same in the us , i remember olive oil being sold in a little bottle like a perfume . 
  i got like 20 galons in my cellar . . 
  well ofc , it is not impossible , but i 'm not in a hurry to get out of here , if i was then germany would definitely be on my list , 
  it 's not the dishes , it 's the whole style and ofc ingredients . 
  real olive oil , fish , frutti di mare , veggies etc. 
  iceland is a beautiful country !, 
  that is true , my brother is in sweden doing academic/research work as a doctor and they all just speak in english . 
  clinicians must speak with people though : <, 
  lots are , but there are a lot of jobs for neurologists . 
  medicine is weird with all the specialties , you may be drowning in surgeons for example , but have a high need for pediatricians . 
  i must be fluent in a language to examine a patient and take a detailed history though . 
  ofc not , but i have no idea what will happen with the brexit and all : /, 
  let 's make a mediterranean cuisine empire !, 
  i actually found a lot of opportunities for my specialty in ireland and it is currently in my top 3 choices !, 
  ah the universal language of nomnomnom !, 
  yeah , many of us go to germany and are quite successful , love the people and the system as well , but alas i do n't speak german . 
  i can do taste and quality testing . 
  very thorough . 
  ( speaking for my field ) there has n't been a single consultant doctor hire in a state hospital ( state-based health system ) for the last 6 ( six ! ), 
  years , only residents for the specific years their specialty requires . 
  old docs/clinic directors retire , middle aged ones go abroad or try private practice , hospitals are understaffed . 
  this is unofficially named as an `` economic measure '' by the same politicians that appoint their 6th cousins as their 12th secretary . 
  fuck this . 
  fuck it with a pointy stick . 
  can confirm , greek doctor , looking to export myself . 
  umm sir , are you ok ? 
  ooops , late night brain derps , you are right , thanks !, 
  i think it 's more realistic for us to develop a space program than have politicians with will :(, 
  wow dude , you were n't kidding about obscure !, 
  time to watch a tranny road trip !, 
  it 's 1200km of mostly mountains , walls must be patroled else they wo n't work . 
  look at the us-mexico situation , flat desert , rich well equiped country , they have fences at the common passages and patrols , both official and citizen ones , yet they do n't seem to make a dent to the problem . 
  granted , if something like this is done , many of them would probably not make the trip , but it seems like a big gamble . 
  ah no , just a reference to their cuddly nightmares that they call `` local wildlife '' . 
  i do love 90s cinema though , and australians , please elaborate :o, 
  no i am not , but i do take into consideration the resources and manpower needed for this . 
  it is just beyond reach . . 
  they have delusions of civilization , yes . 
  it is tricky , because these free stuff are part of a system that made your societies top the quality of life index . 
  yes it will have an impact on the immigration wave , but wo n't that mean that you 'll practically make your countries `` too shitty for them to come ? '' . 
  i do n't think it is worth it , nor that you should be `` punished '' for having a proper society by being the go-to place for everyone who fucks up his own . 
  but this is trump logic , it 's a logistically , strategically , economically and diplomatically unrealistic and dangerous plan , i mean come on : /, 
  * if the wrong decision is taken , we will unleash the refugees * - burhan kuzu , akp , turkey yes , we are monsters . 
  it 's not the distance , it 's the kind of sea , an open ocean like yours is suicide to cross , a closed sea with 1000s of islands is much easier ( relatively ofc ) . 
  plus if someone actually sneaks in australia without knowing , chances are he 's going to be eaten by a queen of something . 
  no idea why you got downvoted , this is correct , the logistics of sealing off an archipelago with thousands of islands are just ~ ~ utopic ~ ~ unrealistic . 
  that been said , you ca n't just ask from germany or sweden to cut down on welfare either , it 's going to affect more people than the newcomers . 
  plus you 'll always have the risk of just having unregistered , illegal population , living off the grid , eventually rising the crime numbers . 
  in greece we also commemorate in august 15th the sinking of the light battle cruiser `` ellie '' in the port of tinos in 1940 , where it was to take part in the virgin mary celebrations , by an italian submarine ( the delfino ? ) . 
  it was the first of the events that led us joining wwii 2 months later . 
  we 'll see who ~ ~ wins ~ ~ survives this event !, 
  dear iceland , i like where this is going love , greece, 
  cause my brain derped for a second !, 
  that is true , it is used on the coin and as a symbol of several academic institutions , including the school books printing press . 
  the phoenix was only used by the junta , closest to a bird i guess is the imperial ( 2-headed ) [ byzantine eagle ] ( http://imgur.com/x9pd18t ) , still used by the church . 
  we also got the stork as the national basketball 's team mascot . 
  the laws are pretty much on par with eu and balkan regulations ( prespes lakes for example up north ) . 
  minimal illegal hunting may occur but it is heavily frowned upon even by hunters .
