tl ; dr : do n't worry , there is no racism in france ; also , stay away from gypsies , they 're all thieving scum . 
  that 's a huge lie , also it 's ironic that you post that just before making a racist statement towards romani, 
   now they have a leftist president hahahahahahaha, 
  everyone prefers changing things the democratic way , i mean is n't social peace great ? 
  the problem is when democracy does n't work anymore , 80 % of the country did n't want the law passed , the prime minister did n't give a fuck and used the 49.3 which means the law is considered adopted without voting unless the assembly overthrow the governement . 
  riots are n't wished , but they 're needed and have to be respected . 
  i 'm only going to talk about a few because there 's too many of them : front de gauche : fuck capitalism and this system europe \u00e9cologie les verts : fuck pollution ps : no one knows who we actually fuck atm modem : idk what to fuck medef : enslave the workers les r\u00e9publicains : fuck the poors front national : fuck the bougnoules and bamboulas ( extremly derogatory terms for arabs and blacks ) lesquen : trump is karl marx next to me, 
  most transgenders i 've spoken to do n't care if i slipped and pronounced the wrong pronoun as long as it 's unintentional . 
  i think the deal is when someone mispronoun on purpose just to make a point , you can tell some people that you prefer `` she '' instead of `` he '' and they 'll push the `` he '' down your throat to spite you then call you oversensitive when you call them out . 
  in university they give free laptops to every litterature student that need it , you can take it home and do anything you want but have to give it back at the end of the year . 
  otherwise it depends on the school , some school give tablets to childrens and some do n't . 
  [ aaaah the memories ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/hinrichtung_ludwig_des_xvi.png ), 
  churros , granitas and chouchous are comonly sold at the beach, 
  i had a guinea ping nammed croquette and now i have a cat nammed kitty . 
  almost half the population has a pet . 
  we have our own `` black accent '' it 's sometimes called the `` wesh accent '' but does n't have an official name i think . 
  it 's a different intonnation and sometime words are pronounced differently or cut a certain way . 
  there 's also a lot of slang , coming from gypsy , arabic , english and west african languages . 
  it 's an accent commonly found in ghettos regardless of the population and regardless of the region and it 's a slang that evolves a lot . 
  i speak it , i lost that accent through highschool because it was out of the ghetto but i can still speak it . 
  it sounds like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/qfzzjylq9l8?t=13 ) the guy is making an effort not to use slang but you can still feel the intonation . 
  this accent can be a source of discrimination because it directly implies you 're from the ghetto , white people can still be victime of this accent discrimination since the language is n't limited by race like aave but the population of ghettos are generally gypsies , arabs and subsaharian africans . 
  appart from that we have the a few `` main accents '' i will cover but really each region has its own accent , the south accents which include the south east , the south west and corsica have their own sets of variation but generally they 're not really discriminated they sound heartful appart from specifically the marseille accent which have a stereotype with stupid people who exagerate all the time . 
  in the north you have the chti accent which have the stereotype of being unsophisticated peasants . 
  the antillais accent has a stereotype with lazy people and finaly the parisian accent , the stereotype is when you hear it you can assume you 're talking to a pompous asshole . 
  of course there are a lot more accents , each oversea region , belgian , qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois , swiss , north african , west african etc. . . 
  i do n't trust putin, 
   if you could choose where your country 's non-eu immigrants could come from based on nationality , who would you pick ? 
  anywhere . 
  someone 's appartenance of a nation does n't really come into play especially when we 're all talking about people that are n't our neighboors . 
  the only critedia i 'd ask is the initial wish to come here . 
  before having a nationality you 're human . 
  as for countries themselves not the people : i like : canada ( especially qu\u00e9bec ) meh : usa i dislike : israel , russia , saudi arabia , north korea other countries i have no strong feeling one way or the other, 
  from the thread :  oh , but europe does n't engage in petty nationalism like us dumb amerikkkunts . 
   europe  nationalism ??? 
   us dumb amerikkkunts aaaaah makes sense, 
  generally everything that might suggest anal penetration . 
  i generally eat it warm except for corn flakes, 
  learning dutch will be hell , it will go like this : - goededag , hoe gaat het ? 
  - oh hi i 'm fine and you , i see you 're foreign , is that an american accent ? 
  - i 'm trying to learn dutch - * why * ? 
   white is skin colour a factor of integration now ? 
  you should ask on / r/france you can make a thread in english there too, 
  some regions have a stronger identity than others . 
  bretons ( brittany ) are not french they 're bretons , they 're very proud of their region and will not hesitate to show it , i live in the complete opposite side of the country and i sometime see breton flags at events . 
  the corses are even prouder than bretons , do n't tell a corse he 's french and if you want to die you can tell him he 's italian , some people in corsica want to declare independance . 
  after that you have the chti and the picard in the north , the alsacians near the german border and that 's it . 
  the rest identify nationally , but there are some exception with cities , parisiens , marseillais , ni\u00e7ois , bordelais . 
  i never saw them and i live near the biggest military base of france in toulon . 
  sometime i see an american or a russian ship but they 're only stationed for a few days . 
  i do n't think we have any american base in france anymore since de gaulles closed them and we 're more than capable of defending ourselves . 
  you should also post on / r/france there are british expats who can help you ( you can post in english ), 
  in french the word `` race '' is strictly reserved for animals , we use `` ethnicity '' is the translation of the english `` race '' . 
  so when i talked about ethnicity i was thinking about white , black , asian etc, 
  still your ethnicity is white , you ca n't differentiate a latvian and a polish on looks alone while it 's much easier if you 're talking about a french and an african . 
  for some people it 's like that , you can immigrate and live in france for 10 years as a white and be more french than the arab who was born here that 's just what i experience on my everyday life . 
  i see , i knew it was done in the us but i did n't know it was common practice in a lot of countries . 
  while i do n't like ethnicity being on forms and census at all because it just makes me uncomfortable since it makes me feel like a 2nd-hand french i think this would still have a positive effect for minorities . 
  there is roughly 4 million arabs and 2 million black people , they 're by far the largest minority and we 're in a country of 70 million people yet far right extremist talk about `` an invasion '' of french people with a certain skin colour against white french people . 
   `` everyone is a french citizen , and the rest does n't matter '' type civic nationalism that 's what you hear in the books but on the street the reality is different , my family might be in france since almost 70 years but for a lot of people i 'll never be truly french . 
  it starts from mundane questions suchas `` where are you * really * from ? '', 
  to security guards following you for no reason , to always being controlled by anti-criminality police ( huge shaved head douchebags who think they 're cowboys btw ) , to being discriminated at jobs interviews , to racist jokes who were funny at first when your friends did it once but not so funny when you hear it 20 times from an openly racist person who really mean what he says . 
  you can say `` arabs are ok if there 's only one but not when they 're a lot of them '' on tv ( and it was n't the most shocking sentence in the conversation ) and still be minister of immigration and eurodeputy . 
  if you care about your image you can replace `` arabs '' by muslims since islamophobia is so trending and casual no one will judge you , for example you can publicly say that arab women who wear the hijab are like `` niggers who are for slavery '' and still be the current minister of women rights . 
  every american is 1/16th cherokee then you just fill in the rest of the fraction with random european countries, 
  countries really ask you about your ethnicity ? 
  wtf ? 
  i agree europeans answers should be at top level , but downvoting someone like that only makes us look unwelcoming , just leave them at 1 point . 
  common stop pretending , no one likes germany we 're just nice to him because he had a huge freak out, 
   in toulon , a popular city for north african immigrants , the cours lafayette market was every day , sprawled along a long street in the center of town , but consisted almost purely of fresh , provencal produce . 
  if you wanted meat , you had to go into a halal butcher shop , of which there were plenty , lined up and down the winding road . 
  but the olives ... . the olives . 
  fifty different varieties , heavy with spices and herbs , and each bigger than my thumb . 
  i almost cried . 
  hey i can litteraly see this city from my window lol , here are a few photos of the market she 's talking about i 've been there a few times : [ 1 ] ( http://toulon.fr/sites/new.toulon.fr/files/ctimport/greatprojects/asc_quartiers_cours%20lafayette02.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( https://mvistatic.com/photos/2010/07/03/nm_261879_px_640_.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://tpm-agglo.fr/sites/new.tpm-agglo.fr/files/styles/contenu/public/ctimport/article/toulon02.jpg?itok=rz5p5paf ) it 's next to the harbor where you can take the boat-but bus that connect to my city . 
  supermakets and markets both have their convinience , in the supermarkets prices are lower and there is more things . 
  but markets are more pleasant to use since they 're simply more beautiful , smell better , you do n't have to queue for 10min before paying and you can negociate with the vendor . 
  people do n't use the market as their main source of groceries , groceries at the supermarkets are more of a chore while you generally go to the market on sunday to relax and buy small things like a bag of fruits and some vegetables or some cheap clothes imported form marseille . 
   accepting an adoration of american culture ? 
  difficult . 
  accepting a love of mcdonalds ? 
  very difficult . 
  i do n't think there 's an adoration of american culture in all young people , it 's only really influent in basketball and tv mostly rap music . 
  about mcdonald i ca n't blame anyone for liking that , it 's scientifically studied to be liked . 
  i think she 's overeacting , the primary users of markets are stay at home moms and dads and old peoples but as for everything old people does , young people find that stupid at first and eventually grow to like it . 
  when the young of today will be old , they will act like regular old peoples . 
  i wish we would take more refugees , those that actually want to stay here and have a new life not those who just want to go to britain : / . 
  could a polish tell me more about what 's happening in their country though ? 
  in the media the country is portrayed as a far right extremist land where muslims are persecuted . 
  and apparently it 's also not a terrorist attack unless brown people did it . 
  why could n't you ? 
  on the comic you see it 's his instinct to look at the sky when the signs is an arrow pointing forward . 
  it 's just the natural scheme of things , bird migrates , beavers build dams , sea turtle go to the ocean and belgians are from belgium . 
  i heard a lot of things about preston especially upon seeing [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzp1xc51kro ) . 
  we have some regionals joke too , for example southerners are lazy drunks , parisians are assholes , the north is the realm of incest and car tuning they 're the one plumbering the national average iq , the corses are terrorists . 
  but it 's nowhere near our jokes with the belgians , belgium is unifying our nation into a common group of people to make fun of . 
  even mcdonald ca n't refuse you free water, 
  trump may have fascist undertones , but cruz is so to the right he 's in japan . 
  i 'm not the best with maps but i tried replicating our countries to give a point of reference in case you guys want to use the template : [ map ] ( http://imgur.com/ty7flmc ), 
  german humour :  knock knock - who is there ?
