  i can say that it 's true for france at least , the rooster has been our national animal before america was even discovered . 
  i ca n't find anything relating sorcery , we tell childrens about english witches with their broom and crooked nose . 
  but to scare them most tell the story of `` la dame blanche '' a woman in white haunt places , if you see her look at her glove , if they 're white you get married this year , if they 're black you die within the year . 
  it 's the only thing i could find sorry, 
  i learned english because i could , i just want to learn as many languages as i can i 'm currently training my german and i plan on maybe learning spanish . 
  we must learn at least 2 foreign languages at school , some learn 3 but most learn 2 . 
  people are generally good at one language , you will find plenty of french who have an excellent italian/spanish/german it just happens that i 'm good with english but it 's the easiest since there are more tools to practice it . 
  i 'm not saying english is the easiest language to learn , italian is definitly the easiest it 's just that it 's easier to find people who use it so you can train with them . 
  it was totaly a choice though , it 's the most useful for me considering my career plans but if i did n't want to be proficient in english i could 've just bail out and forget everything after highschool . 
  in france absolutly everything is translated in french , weither it 's books , movies , series , anime , videogame , manuals name it and it 's translated in french . 
  the average frenchman never uses english , the french internet has everything we need weither it 's forums , torrents , tutorials , news , [ even reddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/ ) . 
  by the way , i do n't know how to say it but french is like the english of french websites ( does that make sense ? ), 
  you have people from various nationalities using french as lingua franca like belgium , all of north africa and a good portion of africa , a good portion of canada even in asia a lot of countries use french as one of their official language so we do n't feel `` cut '' from the rest of the world just because we do n't speak english since french is spoken in all continent . 
  i never expect a fellow european to speak english , if someone does n't speak english we generally ask to see if we have a language in common and if we do n't we stick with handsigns and easily understandable words . 
  do n't feel ashamed to be a native english speaker , just articulate , do n't speak fast but do n't speak too slowly or it might be insulting . 
  try to have a neutral accent , if you ca n't try to lean more towards the californian accent . 
  if you 're british just do n't speak like a scot or like you 're from northen england . 
  if you do n't want to feel like an asshole first i think you should n't treat europeans going to european countries like `` internal tourists '' , there 's more cultural difference between france and germany than usa and england , when a german comes in france he 's just as external to me as when a swedish comes to america . 
  edit : needed to add , just learn the basic politsness of the language for example : bonjour/bonsoir : good morning/good evening merci : thank you s'il vous plait : please ( the polite form ) excusez moi : excuse me parlez vous anglais ? 
  : do you speak english ? 
  au revoir : good bye if you meet someone or go in a store ( for example a bakery , here called boulangerie ) or ask someone something in the street just constantly use these words . 
  you will get a lot of death stares if you do n't . 
  when i went to germany i started to use the bare minimum in politness in german instead of speaking directly in english and i got a lot better experience than when i did n't . 
  they like to drink , they like to fight , they like football , they support the arsenal or liverpool at an om vs psg match . 
  they eat weird food , like beans so much beans just why do you put beans in bread ? 
  it 's like asking for a pasta sandwich it makes no sense no wonder your national star is called mr.bean . 
  they 're not germans level of fashion but they 're not that bad either , sometime they get frustrated because i think i do n't speak english but it 's just their accent sometime it 's a cristal clear english like benedict cucumber or david tennant and sometimes they speak scottish english or something it 's beyond comprehension but i just nod and indicate the way to the nearest pub with tv , did i mention they like football and drinking ? 
  but at least they do seem to enjoy their time here , i never met an english tourist that was n't happy or trying to be happy . 
  honestly appart from americans and chineses i do n't recall any problem with any tourists really . 
  chineses are rude but i mean another dimension level of rude , just please ** stop shitting on the floor ** , they 're loud , have no discipline and for the love of god stop disrespecting the country , do n't tip your feet in the louvres fountain , do n't vandalise a 3500 year old sculpture , do n't push everyone on the street and photographe people without their permission . 
  the next are probably the americans , they come in france thinking they just moved from state to state in america . 
  they act like everything is a chore and end up not enjoying anything . 
  they find out waiters rude when it 's just a different culture ( here waiters do their job and get paid by their boss they do n't suck dicks for tips ) , they do n't understand why they need to fucking say bonjour and bonsoir . 
  finaly all they end up doing is go to paris , go to mcdonald , grab a beer , taste the french specific items on the menu and go back to tell their friend . 
  as you can see when we compare it to the big 2 that cause problems there 's nothing really wrong with british people in fact i like them , maybe the youngs are sometime twats but it 's the same in every country . 
  i 'm not living in paris i live in la seyne sur mer in c\u00f4te d'azur and also i lived in nice for a while . 
  so we mostly get old people who want to relax on the beach , the ones i see the most are in order : italians , germans , british . 
  us movies : 5 french movies : 7 that 's at my theater this week , the us movies shown are deadpool , zootopia , ave ceasar , point break , alvin and the chimpmunks . 
  i do n't think the movies themselves would be less violent , less propaganda and less patriotism for sure but you can see for example the french movies * taken * and * ennemy at the gates * . 
  here `` french movie '' is almost a genre , movies by luc besson etc are french but more `` americanized '' . 
  they 're very often either dramas or comedy and are more humane in a way . 
  for example some you might know abroad : intouchables , la haine , blue is the warmest colour , am\u00e9lie . 
  i do n't think there are a lot of famous french adaptations but the other way around was done a lot , for example you can compare taxi and new york taxi . 
  we do n't hesitate to mock our own country or to mock others , also racist jokes we find them funny and we 're pessimist as hell so movies would be more dark . 
  visit new york should take me some time , i also really want to see a smaller town to really get a feel of the country i also really want to see new orleans . 
  speak the language enough to converse , act like you want to be there , say you 're french , adopt our values . 
  there 's not much more to do . 
  i said to consider yourself french but do n't forget where you come from either , as the saying goes here `` you have to know where you 're from to know where you go '' . 
  a first generation of immigrant can easily integrate , it 's a land of immigration , in that regard it 's the usa of europe . 
  that 's funny we give 2 names to your country , pays-bas ( low country , because it 's at sea level ) . 
  or hollande ( we call the country like that but is n't it just a region ? ) . 
  the name hollande is particularly funny considering our current president is nammed fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  what are those parallel societies ? 
  you can tell someone is a tourist from 100m no matter its skin colour , no matter where they 're from and what they look like people love tourists ~ ~ because they spend a lot of money ~ ~ . 
  we work with 2 healthcare , the governement 's and a private one generally from work . 
  it 's efficient , we have a little green card from the state called the `` carte vitale '' , when you go to the doctor or at the hospital you just need to give it and you do n't have to pay . 
  meds are technically free depending on which one you take ( if you refuse generic meds you ca n't be reimboursed ) basically you give your carte vitale and you have up to 65 % reduction , then your health insurrance covers the rest . 
  i 've never heard of health care rationning what is it ? 
  it 's great because there 's almost never money involved due to combining both healthcare , for example when i needed surgery i chose to go to a private clinic to get a private hospital room with television and a balcony for 5 days . 
  i called in sick in the morning and was on the table by 5pm . 
  after the surgery they regularly sent at my home a nurse for 2 weeks to take care of my stiches . 
  when it was time to pay everything that was n't covered by the state healthcare was covered by the private healthcare . 
  the only time money came out of my wallet was to get a snack on the vending machine . 
  i would rate our healthcare 10/10 . 
  edit : here are some links for you : [ healthcare ranking according to the world health organisation ] ( http://thepatientfactor.com/canadian-health-care-information/world-health-organizations-ranking-of-the-worlds-health-systems/ ) [ a video in english that explains the system a bit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yf69kvbuaq ) also since i saw in your comments that you are very supportive of bernie sanders , i wanted to add that education is also free . 
  i mean , practically free , it 's 200 $ / year for a year in college , of course you can still go to a private school and pay enormous price like 5000 $ or even 7000 $ per year but most people go to public colleges . 
  it was free for me ( and a large portion of students ) , not only it was free but i also get paid 450 $ / month for attending because my family 's revenue is under a certain threshold ( the crous ) . 
  the money i earn helps me to pay rent and buy food , on top of the money the state give my landlord to help me pay rent ( the apl ) . 
  roquefort and blue cheese are fundamentaly different , roquefort is made with shee milk and must be coming from the region of aveyron, 
  it 's banned in school but not banned in home afaik . 
  it 's not viewed well but nobody would blame you if you smack a little demon that 's throwing a tantrum at the store but the eyes layed upon you would n't be of approval . 
  it 's viewed as lazy it means you ca n't control your child except by the threat of pain but it 's still better than complete laxism . 
  it 's common to say `` il y a des claques qui se perdent '' very roughly translating `` someone could use a slap '' when you see a poorly educated person . 
  on a large scale nationalist parties are on the rise but they 're a vocal minority.i do n't think you would encounter much problems in the everyday life , and even if by any means you encountered a racist nowadays they smile in front of you and insult you in their facebook group i was baffled when i talked so what seemed like a friendly guy ( i 'm from arabic descent ) only to find out after adding him on fb that he likes some rather unfriendly pages . 
  i heard french cheese was illegal in the us, 
  i speak german as good as you and i had no problem , people will generally gladly appreciate your efforts to learn the language . 
  english proficiency is quite good in the country you cited most people will be able to understand you . 
   do you have in your respective countries people who are the equivalent of our `` rednecks '' here in the us ftfy yes we call them `` beauf '', 
  depends from which country you base your values , / r/france is slightly left wing or even center but it 's already too liberal for americans for example . 
  ( for example sanders is considered extrem left wing in usa but center in france ) . 
  you would have not much downvotes posting a right wing opinion as long as it does n't goes into the extrem right/nationalist category . 
  honestly , most discussions are n't even politised it 's just people talking about the general news and asking stuff \u00e0 la / r/askreddit . 
  there 's also the forum libre , everyday a thread would get stickied when you can talk about anything and just chill . 
  `` someone 's liberty stops when the liberty of others begin '' is a french quote . 
  this is my liberty not to be the target of defamation , not to be verbally assaulted , not to be discriminated against . 
  i do n't know where you get all your bullshit from , first of all do n't confuse middle easterns with european muslims . 
  i 've never , in my life seen the gouvernement or anyone excuse bigotry , misoginy , homophobia or religious intolerance , regardless of the individual 's religion . 
  that 's some next level bullshit i 'm reading i 'm guessing you either never get out of your house or you do n't even live in europe . 
  i just do n't know what to respond to that i 've never seen so much misinformation you 're even talking about media censorship when they do the exact opposite by putting the muslims in a bad shade because those papers sells . 
  saying where you 're from would be a good start , also i 'd advise you to select a non english speaking country as it 's always a wonderful opportunity to be able to learn a new language in the field . 
  keep in mind the cost of college , it 's different in each country i know for a fact that in france 1 year of college cost around 200 $ , if you 're european you can get a significant amount of money from the gouvernement personally i get 4500 $ a year and college fees are canceled . 
  i do n't know maybe he thinks we 're steampunks, 
  i know that a friend of mine while sutdying in nice sometimes took the train to italie , it costed close to nothing , hate a pizza there then head back to class , it 's not moving but a * nice * way to have launch . 
  to just move out of the country and live somewhere else is difficult , it 's easy to get there but you have to accomodate to the different laws/culture/language . 
  because you 're looking at / r/european which is specificaly created for the people that were too racist for / r/europe . 
  i do n't know about the others but the ones i visit , / r/france and / r/de are a place were people share and discuss the news , ask stuff , talk about culture and anything . 
  you should try to hangout in those subs they are very friendly even if you do n't speak the language ( yes even the french , especially the french ) . 
  knowing french is the most important thing to guaranty your french citizenship ( you can get dual citizenship btw ) . 
  basically all you need to do , is get here and live here for 5 years then apply for citizenship you will be required to know basic french and a grasp of french culture , the rights/duties etc. 
  you can also get a visa of permanent residence lasting 10 years and renewable , basically you have all the rights of french citizens you just ca n't vote .
