  fucking great taste . 
  we 're not locked in with them , they are locked in with us . 
  triggering spaniard ocd is part of the fun . 
  galician is essentially old portuguese spoken with varying degrees of castilian accent , which will affect how much they understand us ( less castilian influence = closer to portuguese ) . 
  in rural areas it 's essentially portuguese with a few regionalism words , just like any region of portugal . 
  it 's definitely closer to portuguese than castilian , and it can be argued it is similar to a dialect of modern portuguese , even though they are twin languages , with the same common root - galaico-portuguese . 
  since they set their own spelling rules separately from us , then written it 's a bit weird , with x 's instead of j 's and z 's instead of \u00c7 's , but i 'd say it 's about 95 % intelligible , and it goes both ways . 
  the african colonies usually open their vowels a fair bit ( except the more educated people who actually did study portuguese in portugal during colonial times ) , so it sounds closer to brazilian than to euro portuguese to us , since we notice the differences more than the similarities . 
  i 'm sure it 's an uncanny valley situation , but i 'd say they are somewhere in the middle , even if a bit closer to ours . 
  spain is mostly empty . 
  besides portugal/galicia ( which shared a common language ) , the next big population centre is in the middle of the peninsula , with huge mountains and deserted plateaus in between . 
  written ? 
  yes , mostly . 
  each sound a bit retarded to the other , but you can read it . 
  spoken ? 
  it 's unilateral . 
  portuguese understand spanish just fine , but spaniards have a tough time with portuguese . 
  it has to do with the fact that spanish has a lot of open and distinct vowels that are all pronounced , whereas portuguese closes all but one vowel in each word ( usually ) , and even omits a few . 
  euro portuguese , that is . 
  brazilian portuguese might be easier , i 'm not sure . 
  we do n't mind spaniards speaking spanish . 
  but when people not from spanish speaking country do it it 's infuriating since it shows a lack of research and respect for our country . 
  well , i 'm positioned to just hate everyone . 
  damn all of you chinamen living beyond vilar formoso !, 
  is there any country in europe that does n't ( at least slightly ) dislike their eastern neighbours ? 
  probably stopped for a 200 year-long siesta along the way . 
  romanian sounds like slavic-accented romance . 
  just like portuguese , i guess , except with a better reason for it . 
  it always seems frustrating to hear because it feels like i should understand what they are saying , because both the accent and the syllables are familiar , but i ca n't make sense out of it . 
  i 'd rather they use the brazilian flag if they use brazilian words and grammar nuances than use the portuguese flag with the brazilian words and grammar , since this way i can avoid it and use english instead . 
  brazilian portuguese lands a bit on the uncanny value for me , where the slight changes always catch me off-guard and distract me , so we mostly use english anyway . 
  only location-sensitive cases such as store prices matter , and those are never wrong . 
  that works !, 
  we 're the last of the p 's . 
  thanks qatar for existing , otherwise i 'd need to go to the r 's . 
  i severely dislike poland , and here 's why : every time i need to select my country in a dropdown menu , i conveniently type `` po '' and expect `` portugal '' to show up . 
  but since `` l '' comes before `` r '' in the alphabet , fucking * poland * shows up , and i find myself required to press the subsequent `` r '' . 
  this is a 50 % increase of effort expected from my part , which is unacceptable . 
  screw you , poland . 
  at least we get the single letter `` p '' in the licence plates , as opposed to `` pt '' or other commoner two-letter combinations like * poland * . 
  from the phrasing of op i got the impression it was state-built or something . 
  i guess i should 've thought about it a bit more . 
  what the heck happened around 2000 to warrant the construction of a castle ? 
  an unusually large increase on german tourism ? 
   though i like portugal 's a bit ( even if the plants are a bit too much ) the plants are it 's `` large form '' . 
  we have the simpler coat-of-arms form in our flag . 
  none of the other coats-of-arms are transformers , i do n't think . 
  oh yeah , you 're right . 
  fucking false friends . 
  rosmaninho is rosemary in english . 
  it is delicious , though . 
  is n't that the international symbol for pharmacies ? 
  or is that just a portuguese thing ? 
  some people call it morocco . 
  it does n't necessarily mean `` far '' , though . 
  oh , that makes a lot of sense . 
  i guess it never crossed my mind that we 're the far away ones from that side of europe . 
  geographically , i usually see portugal as the edge of europe , but more like the face/beginning of europe , so it never crossed my mind that we 'd be the far away end for someone else . 
  how self-centred of me . 
  but why portugal , if none of the groups you listed is portuguese ? 
  yeah , it stinks of ^ ^ [ citation ^ ^ needed ], 
  the thing is that the sample is large ( summer population is huge ) , but the base it divides with is small ( very little resident population , since even most tourism workers come to the algarve during the summer from other parts of the country , not to mention the actual tourists ) . 
  it 's basically dividing the crime rate of a populationally dense place by the population of a couple old dudes that actually live and are registered there . 
  in portugal we call it a spanish invasion . 
  they 're not doing it sober , mate . 
  the thing with algarve is that it has a much larger population than the registered locals , since even most of the tourism workers are from other parts of the country and only go there for work in the summer since it 's only 6 hours away from most parts of the country . 
  any crime or per-population statistic is always hard to gauge because it 's the result of a large population divided by a small one . 
  not to the point of murder , i do n't think . 
  luckily they are tall so even if it floods , they 'll still be able to have their heads above water to breathe . 
  low population . 
  2012 had 2 or 3 more murders than usual , so it spiked up . 
  same thing with 2016 , oddly enough . 
  mostly domestic violence/mental illness gone very bad , so it 's just punctual cases . 
  but would n't `` pain au chocolate '' would be bread with chocolate , as opposed to that flaky pastry with chocolate ? 
  hence you need a new name : panique au chocolate , because chocolatine is just ridiculous , lets be honest . 
  not to mention you can put fios d'ovos ( angel hairs ) instead of chocolate and you would call it panique au oeuf , not `` fils-d'oeuftines '' . 
  it 's about time france learned a thing or two about pastries . 
  is that what this is about ? 
  that 's a chocolate panique , jean-pierre . 
  shit , you 're right . 
  i 'm just so used to seeing the well of initiation being posted that i mixed both architectures together out of reflex . 
  i have n't been in a long while . 
  it is a pretty awesome place no doubt . 
  that shack is n't even the best part about it . 
  but if it 's gon na be posted here , i thought i 'd contribute with a bit more information . 
  i do n't know where you got `` castle '' from . 
  it is a duck shack thingy for a large [ 18th century mansion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quinta_da_regaleira ) 's lake . 
  it is a rather large and very nice place , though . 
  and reddit always seems to love it , so it gets reposted all the time . 
  no one . 
  it 's * free * . 
  vindaloo is portuguese , though . 
  the real name is `` vinho d'alhos '' , but the goans could n't quite pronounce it , it seems . 
   portexit/portuguexit departugal . 
  probably full of portuguese emigrants . 
  east of vilar formoso is basically ussr or some shit . 
  no mate , that 's sweat . 
  and it only took the spaniards 7 years to graciously send a [ helping taskforce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_invasion_of_portugal_ ( 1762 \\ ) ) to their iberian brothers . 
  not inside the buildings . 
  turns out marble and limestone are cold as fuck .
