  well , yes . 
  the obelix to our asterix . 
  again, 
  you can add the 220m portuguese to the spanish ones , since all you need to do is give us each a toothpick to put across our mouths so that we open every single vowel , ca n't say the `` s `` s without a lisp and make every `` f '' into an `` h '' . 
  sure , but not in large enough numbers to be profitable or have a technique associated with maximising extraction , i presume . 
  the only other place that has any meaningful cork tree population is the spanish estremadura and western andaluzia , which is contiguous to the portuguese production area , so both have evolved as one and share the same techniques since they are geographically the same area , and the population is basically the same ( minus geopolitics ) . 
  so , yes , it 's how they do it everywhere , but `` everywhere '' is portugal and southwestern spain . 
  good old fool-soaking drizzle . 
  gibraltarians too . 
  just in case we want that one land neighbour to be france . 
  but the south pole is nowhere near europe . 
  most of what i there saw had little to do with these besides the fact they were blue . 
  the majority were pattern-based as opposed to being painting-like , which i only ever found here . 
  what 's your point ? 
  blue tiles have been here since forever , sure , but not the specific type shown in the picture , which was developed and is much more prevalent ( even if not unique ) in portugal . 
  we also did n't invent cobblestone roads , but the cal\u00e7ada portuguesa is definitely its own thing . 
   includes elements of both countries . 
  ah yes . 
  the famous portuguese azulejo tiles and spanish thievery . 
  this should be a fun thread . 
  i 'm honestly shocked when i read stuff like this . 
  for you guys to be saying that , either german/scottish literature sucks , or you guys are being very ignorant/blind about it , and i very much doubt it 's the first one . 
  i for one would not like to live in a world where you had to take classes to be able to read any of the portuguese literature poetry , as opposed to having the language ingrained in me from young . 
  cam\u00f5es and pessoa are no second to shakespeare or cervantes , and neither are they to the former two . 
  i absolutely love the english language , but in some aspects it pales in comparison to somethings you can do in portuguese , and vice-versa . 
  heck , even closely-related languages like portuguese and spanish can have so many interesting and telling details and nuances and completely change how people behave or perceive the world . 
  language is all about communication , sure , but not all communication has to be efficient and not all communication has to be temporally synchronous . 
  ah , that makes more sense . 
  i was misled by having so many monarchic symbols in one and republican ones in the other, 
  interesting that the monarchy room is less ostentatious and simpler than the republic one . 
  i mean , relatively speaking . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i see the portuguese ones all the time . 
  * shouts back hello in a weirdly slavic-sounding accent from the least likely country in europe to have any slavic influence at all * ( \u25d5 \u30ee \u25d5 ) \uff89, 
  i would never :\\ ^ ), 
  or you know , `` look bitch '' , since that 's the imperative form for the second person . 
  you guys know about second person , right ? 
  \\  puta olha now this is some banter . 
  i 'm not sure of the actual timeline , but `` the espanas '' used to mean the whole iberian peninsula , including portugal , castille and aragon . 
  when the latter two united they claimed the name of `` spain '' with some sort of hope/delusion of grandeur , not unlike you call people from the us `` americans '' . 
  meaning that `` spanish '' in this context may actually mean `` iberian '' , especially since in 1720 we were n't irrelevant at all , since this was at about the time we we 're importing tons of gold from brazil and africa . 
  portugal is also in french . 
  it feels nice that for once they mistook you guys for us instead of the other way around . 
  the fires usually happen later in the year . 
  the first few heat waves usually dry the place up but do not ignite . 
  this one dried it and ignited it with a thunder , which has n't been the case . 
  this is why it came out of the blue . 
  sure , but then old people would n't sound so much closer . 
  the lexicon must have changed across the centuries , but not so much the accent until lately , i think . 
  yes , that 's sort of how it ended up , particularly since franco tried to unify spanish languages . 
  even some of the ones that did learn galician at home , learned a castilianised version of it taught at school , and they all know castilian spanish . 
  some old people are the exception . 
  modern galician has a ton of castilian influence , but in the smaller villages they essentially speak portuguese with a couple archaisms ( xantar means lunch instead of dinner and silly differences like that ) . 
  it sounds like an even more northern portuguese . 
  even traditional music is melodically similar to portuguese . 
  some folk do that , but that 's not the same as having a double-word surname altogether ( castelo branco , esp\u00edrito santo being the common ones with a different origin ) and the like . 
  it 's by giving both your mother 's and father 's surnames to your kid that you do create them , though , but you 'd have to be the second generation , and never the first , otherwise it 's a different phenomenon . 
  marcelo 's dad was already named `` rebelo de sousa '' , he was n't called `` sousa '' and his mother was n't called `` rebelo '' . 
  no , you followed all the rules and just got handed the exception . 
  the default is `` given name '' - `` mother 's surname '' - `` father 's surname '' , except any of these can actually be a combination of two , for historical and societal reasons ( rich families tend to have more than just the one ) . 
  2 given names are commonplace , though . 
  it 's extra confusing because portuguese and spanish names can sometimes be written similarly , but they use the * unquestionably wrong * convention of having the father 's name in the middle and the mother 's name at the end . 
  everyone knows the father/family name comes last , so that the short version of your name is just grabbing the first and last ( or so , double word surnames usually just sound better when said in the same cadence ) . 
  rebelo de sousa * he 's got one of them rare and fancy double word ( + preposition ) portuguese surnames . 
  that 'd be luxembourg , if anything . 
  just . 
  maybe , if only the comparison point was n't spain , of all countries :p, 
  it looks gaudi-awful . 
  ^ ( i actually sort of like it , to be honest ), 
  i thought nobody wanted to learn it outside of angola , that 's cool . 
  i stand corrected , then . 
  i was under the impression that africa 's population was essentially stabilizing and skipping over the huge population boom that europe and asia had since they now have access to more advanced stuff than we did ( even if it 's not up to our modern standards , obviously ) , but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  i seriously doubt they 'll be able to top brazil 's 190m speakers . 
  they 'll have the population , sure , but portuguese speaking africans are n't close to being 100 % of the former colonies . 
  even counting creoles . 
  i could be wrong , though . 
  meanwhile , even if portugal was all condensed into a city , we 'd still be ranked number 3 portuguese speaking city , after rio de janeiro and s\u00e3o paulo . 
  as it stands , i do n't think lisbon is in the top 10 , but that starts to bring metropolitan areas into the equation and nobody likes that discussion . 
  \\  yellow dots on the quinas it 's not huge , but we at least have some nice names , for the most part , and we never needed that many boats to get what we wanted , just good sailors . 
  they 'd cancel each other out , and we 'd be much more relieved for it . 
  speaking of , you 've technically been living in our side of the lines . 
  i expect you guys to leave by the end of the week . 
  their flag is infringing copyright laws from portugal circa 1129 . 
  it 's full of people trying to come up with the most smart-ass thing as fast as possible instead of answering the question , mostly because the questions are often so inane that they do n't merit a proper response . 
  so just like any given portuguese village caf\u00e9 or tasca . 
  temperatures in the double digits , eh buddy ? 
  and they are all either islands or locked in a peninsula by one country ( and singapore , for malaysia ) . 
  i 'd be more impressed if one of them was landlocked or something . 
  they are the world 's leading fish consumers in eaten fish kg per capita , followed by south korea , ~ ~ malawi ~ ~ malaysia , portugal and japan . 
  it 's like we just ca n't stop being the best . 
  suck it netherlands * and * finland . 
  ^ ( can we borrow some money , though ? ), 
  and paying taxes to the uk , since that 's their fiscal address . 
  in fact , i believe it 's the uk 's current largest tech startup . 
   the european age is just beginning yeah , let 's forget about the xv-xx centuries , why wo n't we . 
  wow . 
  is that a natural estonian in it 's own habitat ? 
  i do n't think we have any of those here . 
  nice photo , too . 
  same for mirandese,
