  which mostly means buying stuff . 
  for that to make sense , they need a weak greece in the eu . 
  they want any deal , but their money wo n't help much - unless you consider china owning all your public utilities good . 
   however it takes one phone call . 
  take your pick , obama , xi jinping , or merkel . 
  obama wo n't have much influence on portugal ( only at eu level ) . 
  even if portugal has a good relationship with the us , if the choice is siding with the ez creditors , or siding with the us , passos will side with the creditors . 
  as you say , xi jinping might ( as they 've put a ton of money in portugal , buying our public utilities ) but not more than portugal 's actual creditors . 
  as for merkel , her government is one of those that will have more difficulty passing debt relief through the parliament and will probably suffer the largest public opinion hit ( just read some german press !, 
  it 's ridiculous how much the narrative is simply `` those lazy greeks should be kicked out '' ) , so i would n't count on that . 
  my point is , portugal will only side with debt relief if the creditors side with debt relief . 
  also , assuming greece gets debt relief , portugal , ireland and spain will probably only accept assuming they can renegotiate their bailout conditions as well , which will further complicate the creditor 's positions . 
  not saying i agree , but is n't the idea to make sure those salaries do n't become retained by capital controls ? 
  let 's imagine a situation where greece votes ` no ' on sunday , and there is no `` better agreement '' , so the banks collapse . 
  if the salaries are paid into the greek banks , the beneficiaries will only be able to withdraw 60 $ per day until monday , and then probably only drachmas . 
  this way , they guarantee the beneficiaries see the whole salary . 
  if i 'm understanding it correctly , this whole report is just trying to make a thunderstorm out of a teapot . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a company ( in this case , an institution ) making sure the salaries reach their workers , and do n't end up forcefully converted into drachma instead . 
  at most , it gives more weight to the thesis that a `` no '' vote means an ez exit , since it seems the commission is taking action assuming greece leaves the euro . 
   regardless , the imf must press for some debt-relief given their latest report . 
  they can not sign up to a programme that is deemed unsustainable . 
  sure , but if they consider it unsustainable , then they should press for debt-relief from all parties , not be hypocritical and say `` greece needs debt relief , but we 'll not give them one . 
  you guys should be the ones to lose money '' . 
   all of this is true . 
  so what ? 
  no one is arguing about their good will . 
  merely that they will push for a solution . 
  as they are already doing , as you can see in the links i provided . 
  my point is that if they do n't put their money where their mouth is and offer something to the negotiations , their pressure does n't count for all that much . 
  the problem never was that the us or china does n't want greece in the euro - the problem is that the creditors do not have a political situation back home that can be used to provide debt relief for greece without very substantial string attached , and credibility that all those strings would be followed ( which has n't been the case with greece , the corrupt governments have not done most of what they promised regarding improving the tax situation ) . 
   [ people saying stuff ] my point is , a lot of people are saying something and back-tracking , nobody is actually sure , but nobody has committed to debt relief ( or even gone so far as mentioning it ) . 
  and without debt relief , a `` no '' vote means grexit for sure . 
   this is true but it 's more complicated than that . 
  what is rajoy going to do ? 
  how is he going to get deal with no debt relief if , aside from syriza , even the imf wo n't want it ? 
  the alternative , greece defaulting , is also extremely scary for him , and he 'd be fighting against merkel , holland , obama , tusk , etc etc. 
   again it 's difficult to imagine rajoy going against merkel , hollande , and obama . 
  also as much as he may not want to compromise , greece leaving is also a very scary prospect . 
  rajoy is only one voice in the eurogroup . 
  also , he 's probably more worried that podemos might win ( and therefore wants syriza to fall ) , than with the well-being of the country . 
  same with the portuguese ( this one i 'm sure ) and irish ( maybe not ? ), 
  government . 
   first of all as i said , the eurogoup gave at least 4 months extension in december . 
  one week is nothing when they clearly knew what will happen . 
  now they have to pour even more money for a completely new baillout . 
  but most problematic they put 11 million people in desperation for an amount that a european country makes in what ? 
  1 day ? . 
  above all arguments , that was despicable . 
  and 4 months should have been enough . 
  they did not want to extend the programme 1 more week , when it had already been extended so many times . 
  i do n't see that as all that bad ( though i 'm of the opinion they should have extended the programme ) . 
   second , asking for a referendum in the middle of the negotiations , with months ahead and discussions still going is ... well i do n't know whats is . 
  everyone would call tsipras out that he still had time to bring a better deal . 
  months !, 
   eu asked for one only because they knew it wont happen . 
  i concede that a referendum in may might have been too soon ( and i agree that sch\u00e4uble 's comments might have been in jest , and he knew they would n't happen ) . 
  but then why not schedule a referendum one week before , on the 21st of june ? 
  why had tsipras kept stating that he would never do a referendum over the deal , even only a week before he announced the referendum ? 
  it 's no-one but the greek party 's fault that the referendum was announced too late . 
  because it makes even less sense for a referendum * after * the dead-line than not having a referendum at all . 
   third , he accepted a lot of terms last monday expect the absolutely idiotic vat in tourism and cutting early retirement . 
  but he also wanted debt relief discussion ( < -- this is the crux of the problem ) . 
  they declined . 
  hard . 
  they declined two more times the following days , even 5 minutes before the wednesday default where he agreed in almost anything expect debt relief . 
  not really the one being uncompromising , is he ? 
  first things first , i agree with the debt relief part . 
  it will be necessary . 
  however , as i discussed before , it is currently politically unfeasible for the creditor countries to give it to the greek government , and would amount to political suicide . 
  tsipras should at least have an idea of that being the case . 
  as for the vat in tourism , it kind of makes sense to increase it slightly , assuming you have to increase taxes at all . 
  this is because vat is a relatively safe tax to increase in terms of being easy to collect ( and one of the largest greek problems is tax evasion ) , and tourism is one of the few greek `` industries '' that still bring in a lot of money , and would probably not suffer much with a slight increase in vat ( did n't they want to increase from 6 % to 12 % ? 
  if so , that 's still lower than the tourism vat in portugal ) , especially since greece is a popular eu holiday destination . 
  and regarding early retirement , again , if you 're looking at the problem purely from a `` we must cut costs '' pov , there 's no real alternative . 
  over one quarter of the greek budget is pension costs , considerably higher than many other ez countries ( though greece also has a higher cost of living ) . 
  it will keep increasing , so much so that assuming no large increases in revenue , there 's no alternative to slashing pensions . 
  also , regarding early retirement , greece has one of the lowest retirement ages in europe , so it makes sense ( from a `` cutting costs '' point of view ) to increase the retirement age ( or to forbid early retirement ) . 
  if i remember correctly , the reason why the creditors did n't accept the `` equivalent measures '' suggested to replace the early retirement cuts was because , while they 're equivalent * now * , they 're not equivalent in a few years any longer , and so further things would have to be cut for sure . 
  now , this is all from a `` cutting costs '' point-of-view . 
  a default would be much worse than any of these deals due to currency devaluation . 
  an alternative , or a way to avoid further cuts , would be to increase revenue . 
  greece is the worst country in the eu in terms of tax evasion , and for at least a decade the eu has been trying to fix that . 
  all the bailout terms regarding fixing the tax collection system have either failed , or were not even implemented by the corrupt greek government . 
  tsipras had quite a large chance here , as anti-establishment . 
  they could have taken an average deal , implemented a ton of tax reforms , and in an year of two gone to the ez and said `` see , we 're fixing our tax system !, 
  now most problems are because of unsustainable debt - do so and we 'll be out of this mess for sure !, 
  '' , which might have helped the creditors justify a debt restructuring program . 
  but he did n't do it , mostly because it was politically unfeasible to accept a deal at all without any debt restructuring - his party would have shot him . 
    according to juncker , on the 27th the technical teams had come to a compromise ,  a document never presented to the greek prime minister , never ratified , essentially worthless . 
  and still did n't said anything about the debt . 
  assuming juncker is n't lying , the creditors were willing to accept that deal , and the greek technical teams had agreed as well . 
  all that was left was the discussion between the leaders . 
  this deal was basically the same as the deal that tsipras had suggested , except as always had no debt restructuring ( but let 's repeat again : there is no way the creditors could do debt restructuring right now , * even if they wanted to * , so that was always off the table ) . 
   finally cyprus is led by a center right government and sister party to greek nd , as is the rest of the eurogroup . 
  if syriza , a far left party finds a solution in this shitstorm they are out of their jobs asap for a long long time . 
  yeah , but they 've always stuck by greece 's side in the negotiations , as far as i know . 
   the imf is agreeing with tsipras . 
  the imf blames syriza for the last few months of recession , and refuses to give a debt relief themselves . 
  all their report suggests is that * others * should give greece a debt relief . 
  as always , it 's very easy to argue for something if you 're not the one losing money   merkel herself is agreeing with tsipras ( see the leaks ) the leaks were from 2011 , before the first haircut , were n't they ?
