  we also call for the creation of trans-national lists that would ** allow candidates to be voted for by europeans regardless of their place of residence or of nationality . 
  and it makes sense , that under a federation states are more equal in terms of population , in order for some states to not have a much larger power compared to some others . 
  it would make sense to split larger countries into smaller ones , something like [ nuts2 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6b/nuts_2_regions_eu-27.svg/1039px-nuts_2_regions_eu-27.svg.png ) . 
  though , it 'll probably be next to impossible to get the populations to agree to such a split . 
  a federal `` merge '' , where for example spain and germany ( and other federal-like countries ) were to split into their current states , instead of joining the `` federal eu '' as a single state , might be slightly more likely ( even if still close to impossible ), 
  i 'm not saying otherwise , just pointing out that there are reasons why greece might want to get rid of the imf . 
  well , the imf refuses to do debt relief themselves - they 're just calling for * others * to do the debt relief : `` hey guys , i seriously think the debt is unsustainable ... somebody really should do some debt relief . 
  *** not it !, 
  *** '' that might have some reason to do with why tsipras does n't want the imf involved - he knows imf loans will never be able to be renegotiated , and he has absolutely no say there , while he has friends in the ez who might push for restructuring in the future ( like france and italy ) . 
   and also because i see this as a move towards fiscal union and similar plans which i find repulsive . 
  i 'm curious exactly why that is . 
  i mean , a common currency can not work without transfers to poorer states ( read into a [ optimum currency area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) ) , and the current eu budget ( under 1 % gdp ) is not enough , by far . 
  [ the us federal budget , for example , is around 20 % of gdp . 
  ] ( http://www.supportingevidence.com/government/fed_budget_as_percent_gdp_over_time.html ) these transfers do not have to be ( and should n't be ) simply giving free money . 
  for example , in the us the work through federal-level subsidies , for example unemployment , health care , etc , as well as federal investment . 
  even though federal taxes and subsidies do not discriminate between states , it 's obvious that richer states end up paying more than what they get in subsidies back , while poorer states pay less than what they get . 
  in the end , having a stable currency union is good for all its members . 
  the richer countries get a weaker currency and many trade partners , which more than pays for the fact they are not a net recipient , so it 's not like simply dissolving the currency union will make everything better for anyone . 
  now , of course , such transfers ( and federal taxes ) without democratic control over where the money actually ends up would be ridiculous . 
  this means that the federal level ( in our case , eurozone ) would need to have the power to fiscalize the national budgets and make sure that happens . 
  for this , political representation at federal level is needed . 
  in addition , taxation without representation would be ridiculous , so even more reason for a political union to control any possible federal taxes . 
   it is a way for finmins to agree on joint decisions , and we know who participates . 
  but we do n't know what happens in the eurogroup - everything is done behind closed doors . 
  how is that accountable ? 
  also , they 've ended up as such an important decision-making body , do n't you find it weird that each country has a single representative ? 
  or do you think the whole population of france has a single opinion on ez matters , and therefore a single representative is more than enough ? 
  i personally find that absolutely undemocratic . 
   i would rather see meps from ez doubling up as ezmeps if we must have such a thing ( which i am far from convinced we need , but that 's another matter ) . 
  piketty actually also suggests that as a valid possibility ( though he later says he 'd prefer the other choice , though i do n't understand exactly why ) . 
  let me quote :  [ ... ] either ** a eurozone parliament consisting of the members of the european parliament from the countries concerned ( a sub-formation of the european parliament reduced to the eurozone countries ) ** , or a new chamber based on grouping a portion of the members of the national parliaments ( eg 30 french mps from the national assembly , 40 members from the german bundestag , 30 italian deputies etc , based on the population of each country , according to a simple principle : one citizen , one vote ) . 
  as for why its needed , it 's because the current ez governance is being done in secret in the eurogroup , and requires unanimity . 
  each country has exactly one representative , so there is n't a plurality of opinions ( any party other than the country 's current government parties are not represented at all ) . 
  there are no rules for eurogroup meetings and what exact powers they have , it 's being made up as we go . 
  it makes a ton of sense to codify them into a parliamentary procedure where countries have multiple representatives ( so there is a plurality of opinion ) , and decide exactly how everything should work , as well as opening it up to the public to add accountability . 
  in addition , piketty 's suggestion assumes a fiscal union where the federal level of the ez actually has some taxation powers ( it 's the first part of the proposal , actually ) , and he says that 's only possible with some sort of political union and democratic federal-level representation to decide how that money is spent :  our second proposal is the most important and flows from the first . 
  to approve the tax base for the cit , and more generally to discuss and adopt the fiscal , financial and political decisions on what is to be shared in the future in a democratic and sovereign fashion , we must establish a parliamentary chamber for the eurozone . 
   the issue i have is not whether it 's technically an indirect election though , but with accountability . 
  assuming that the ezmeps come directly from the national parliament , if they screw up in the ez parliament you could easily not vote for them in the next elections , right ? 
  same as if they screwed up in the national parliament itself . 
  i do n't see how that is n't accountable ? 
  ( and even if that were the case , it 's much more accountable than the current system ), 
  yeah :d, 
  on the right side of the page , where you can read the subreddit name , description , ( un ) subscribe , etc , you can find a checkbox with the following text ( in my case ) :  show my flair on this subreddit . 
  it looks like : * [ portuguese flag ] * lordgravewish ( edit ) you just tick the checkbox , and click '' ( edit ) '' to choose your flair . 
  to be honest , it does n't make sense to get rid of the council completely . 
  you need a higher chamber ( aka senate ) to make sure that smaller states are not completely ignored . 
  that 's what the council is * supposed * to be . 
  the problem is that the current implementation of the council is very bad , though . 
  heads of government in the council are basically unaccountable , since if they do something bad all the electorate hears is `` the eu did something bad '' . 
  it 'd make sense for each country to have multiple , * directly elected * representatives in the council . 
  specifically , every country should have the * same * number of representatives in the council . 
  votes should be public and nothing should be negotiated behind closed doors , to make the representatives accountable for their actions . 
  then , a ton of powers should be transferred from the council to the parliament , but like any higher chamber they should keep veto power on most things . 
  out of curiosity , which country is that ? 
  you 're not flaired . 
  the proposal is effectively describing a system where a few mps from each country would be given a second mandate as an ezmep under some kind of proportional distribution from the national election results . 
  i assume mps from your country are aligned to political parties , so it would be easy to just calculate the number of votes for each party ( add up all its mps ) and use that to calculate the number of mps that get the second mandate , taking them from the mps for each party that got the most votes , for example . 
  if there is the possibility of independents running , something else could be designed to get around that . 
  but these are all implementation details - and better minds than ours could probably come up with good ideas to solve these problems . 
  my point is that this is n't `` indirectly elected '' by far . 
  yeah , that 's the only point i disagree with . 
  it should be degressively proportional to population , similar to the euparl . 
  either that , or ( preferably , in my opinion ) the `` eurozone parliament '' should have a higher chamber ( the `` eurozone senate '' ) with veto powers where each country has the same number of representatives , who are directly elected in a separate election . 
  but the idea itself is pretty good . 
  so , when you elect mps for your national parliaments , that 's an indirect election ? 
  because what the proposal describes is exactly the same . 
  or are you saying that your country does n't vote for parties , and you actually vote directly for people ? 
  i guess some countries using fptp would qualify , but that has a completely different share of problems . 
  for example , the last parliamentary elections in portugal had the following results ( ignoring parties that did n't get parliamentary representation ) :  psd ( social democrats ) : 38,66 %  ps ( socialists ) : 28,05 %  pp ( christian democrats ) : 11,71 %  cdu ( communists ) : 7,9 %  be ( left bloc ) : 5,17 % let 's imagine that portugal 's population qualified it for 10 portuguese mps in that chamber . 
  the 10 portuguese mps for the european chamber would therefore be ( using de hondt distribution , no idea what distribution would actually be used if this were actually implemented ) :  psd : 5  ps : 3  pp : 1  cdu : 1  be : 0 these would be taken from each party 's elected mps for the national parliament ( so they 'd effectively get a double mandate - one for the national parliament , and one for the european chamber ) . 
  the only detail that 's missing from the proposal is exactly which mps the party would pick , but the proposal limits those to mps that actually got into the national parliament themselves ( and therefore were already democratically elected ) , so the rest is simply details . 
   indirectly elected do you know what those two words actually mean ? 
  let me quote from piketty 's proposal :  [ ... ] a new chamber based on grouping a portion of the members of the national parliaments ( eg 30 french mps from the national assembly , 40 members from the german bundestag , 30 italian deputies etc , based on the population of each country , according to a simple principle : ** one citizen , one vote ** ) . 
  basically , piketty 's proposal wants the new chamber to be composed of a number of mps for each country proportional to their population . 
  these mps would be * directly elected * mps from the national parliaments , from all parties , with the same proportionality for each party as in the national parliaments . 
  there might be flaws with the proposal , but there 's nothing `` indirectly elected '' here . 
  that 's a very interesting proposal , actually , and i 'm all for it . 
  some choice quotes ( emphasis by me ) :  [ ... ] either a eurozone parliament consisting of the members of the european parliament from the countries concerned ( a sub-formation of the european parliament reduced to the eurozone countries ) , or ** a new chamber based on grouping a portion of the members of the national parliaments ** ( eg 30 french mps from the national assembly , 40 members from the german bundestag , 30 italian deputies etc , based on the population of each country , according to a simple principle : one citizen , one vote ) . 
   [ ... ]  the european chamber would initially involve only the countries of the eurozone that want to move towards a greater political , fiscal and budgetary union . 
  but it would be designed to welcome all eu countries agreeing to go down this road . 
  ** a minister of finance of the eurozone , and eventually an actual european government , would answer to the european chamber . 
  **  this new democratic architecture for europe would make it possible to finally overcome today 's inertia and the myth that the council of heads of state could serve as a second chamber representing the states . 
  this wrong fable reflects the political impotence of our continent : ** it is impossible for one person to represent a country , unless we resign ourselves to the permanent impasse imposed by unanimity ** . 
  to finally move to majority rule on the fiscal and budgetary matters that the eurozone countries choose to share , ** it is necessary to create a genuine european chamber , where each country is represented not by its head of state alone , but by members who represent all political persuasions . 
  first things first , 6 % is a huge surplus . 
  running a surplus of 6 % instead of 8 % is very different from `` borrowing and spending mindlessly '' , let 's not kid ourselves . 
  the reason for that rule is that if you have a surplus , someone must be having a deficit - it 's basic mathematics . 
  this means that one country having a surplus ( especially a very large country that exports a lot ) usually results in other countries going into debt to pay for that deficit . 
  this means that a country with a surplus is indirectly * hurting other countries * . 
  therefore , strong economies in an economic union should be required to keep it below a certain surplus ( and invest the rest back into the economy , increasing consumption and imports , which help to stabilize the situation and return money to the other , weaker economies - also , it increases the quality of living in the `` surplus country '' , so it 's win/win ) , in order for other countries ( especially weaker countries ) to not suffer because of that . 
  now , to be fair , a lot of germany 's surplus supposedly comes from outside the eu , so it 's not necessarily that harmful for the remaining member states . 
  still , it has an effect , and rules are rules ... 
  but it seems germany does n't have to follow all the rules , when it does n't feel like it . 
  i agree that most of the blame for the current crisis lies with greece , portugal , ireland , etc , for their mismanagement and over-borrowing policies of the last decade , and that it 'd be unfair to institute anything even close to a transfers union to keep those countries propped up , without any kind of fiscal and/or political union . 
  but let 's not kid ourselves , germany 's surplus did n't help much either . 
  rules usually exist for a reason , and it 's a bit hypocritical for a country to keep complaining that others do n't follow the rules ( even if they 're right ) while ignoring one rule entirely ( because it does n't affect them negatively ) . 
  and allow them to fudge the numbers ? 
  seriously , the point of this is that if they fudge the numbers , they 'll just end up with worse numbers as punishment ... 
  therefore , * do n't fudge the numbers in the first place and you 'll be better off * .
