  i guess i was n't completely clear  yeah , hopefully once i finish my university course i 'll find a good job somewhere ( like germany ) and therefore move out . 
  though it 's very common for young portuguese who work in the city their parents live in to stay at home until very late ( and that 'd probably be my case were i to find a job in lisbon ) . 
  it 's hard to justify moving out when you need the money you 'd be spending on rent for other things . 
  who initializes the procedure ? 
  in portugal it 'd be the president , the prime minister , or 1/5th of the parliament . 
  has any party actually spoken against the law ? 
  it costs quite a bit to rent something in lisbon ( even student residences are n't cheap unless you have a scholarship ) , and my parent 's house is already close to my university , so there 's no reason to spend extra money . 
  i 'd assume most of the 86.7 % have similar reasons ( lack of money and/or unnecessary expense ), 
  in portugal , if i remember correctly , at least 1/5th of all members of parliament ( 230 in total , so 46 ) must be present for any vote to be valid . 
  parliamentary commissions require 1/3rd . 
  it 's not much , but avoids extreme situations like this one . 
  meanwhile in portugal ( i 'm also 23 ) : 86.7 % i 'm currently living in a dorm while in erasmus , but once i go back home and until i finish my university course , i 'll be a part of those 86.7 % . 
   or at least is made using technologies which have beneficial purposes . 
  most likely the technology used to make sarin gas has other uses , and probably at least one of them is beneficial . 
  i found it weird , too . 
  but i guess `` faded '' is actually the one selected ( if you click on the man , it selects the man , even though he 's faded . 
  same thing for the woman ) . 
  yeah , i 've already started backing up everything i 'll need to switch providers . 
  i use my server ( among many other things ) as a vpn so i certainly value my privacy , and such a law is a deal-breaker . 
  still , moving a dedicated server is a huge amount of work and expense ( installation fees are the devil 's spawn , and i 'll probably never find such a good deal for a dedicated server in europe ) , so i 'd rather avoid it unless absolutely necessary . 
  thanks for your answer , it 's certainly useful . 
  do you know how long it 'll take for the law to go through both the senate and that council ? 
  as in , how long do i have before this law actually becomes law , if it were to actually pass ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  ovh have also threatened to move to a different country if the law passes so i 'll give it some time anyways , maybe they 'll move my server for me  do you think it 's likely the law will be failed at either of those two remaining steps ? 
  just curious on what the chances are . 
  what does this mean exactly ? 
  is this already law , or are there further steps to go before then ? 
  i 'm interested because i 've got an ovh dedicated server in france , and if this becomes law i 'm planning to move my server to another country . 
  since the t-shirt had `` dick-tatorship '' written on it , maybe they want more women working for the ecb ? 
  i have a dedicated server from ovh ( physically located in france ) , and i support this . 
  otherwise , i 'll be the one moving my server once the law passes . 
  i guess i 've been doing it wrong all this time . 
  well , that 's nice to know , thanks . 
  it probably does n't hurt much , especially since as you said most people would probably understand . 
  still , i 'll keep it in mind :d, 
  there 's a weird lack of germans on this thread . 
  that 's the country i was most interested about , actually . 
  i never really thought about the fact that the greeting custom might be different from my country , and it seems an important detail to know while living here ... 
  i mean , i 've been here for a few months and i 've been greeting/saying goodbye to female friends the portuguese way ( 2 kisses , one per cheek ) all this time . 
  hopefully i have n't been doing anything weird ahah anyone ? 
  yeah . 
  unlike you i consider myself relatively leftist ( in the left-right , authoritarian-libertarian chart i 'd position myself as a center-left libertarian ) , and i agree . 
  i mean , i do n't think we should go around being assholes and offending people on purpose just for the heck of it , but otherwise we should n't have to walk on eggshells . 
  as you mentioned , offense is subjective enough that anything you say to someone could be considered offensive if they feel like it , even constructive criticism . 
  a person and their views should n't be exempt from criticism just because it `` triggers '' them or/and others , or some other similar excuse . 
   why are n't they releasing the names of the pilots ? 
  is that normal procedure ? 
  i think the crew and passenger names are protected under eu privacy laws . 
  i might be incorrect , though . 
  in any case , i do n't see why the names of pilots should be released before the investigation is complete . 
  seriously , these pilots might have died doing all they could to save the plane . 
  last thing we need is for the press to swamp the poor families of the victims with unfounded accusations . 
  never stated otherwise , i was n't talking about conservatives specifically . 
  both sides enjoy their hug boxes and dislike having their views even slightly challenged . 
  they have a lot in common , surprisingly . 
  the more extremist politically correct crowd ( sjws , if you prefer that term ) just passes it off as `` being respectful '' and seems to be more prone to labeling , while blindly doing exactly what they accuse others of ( racism , misoginy/misandry , etc ) . 
  i 'm not sure if they 're just missing self-awareness or what else , but their double-standard is ridiculous . 
  on the other hand , the more extreme conservative crowd simply does n't care what they look like from the outside , it seems . 
  some people ( likely not the case with op , but i 've seen this mindset a lot recently ) need a hug box , where their views do n't get challenged in any way , shape or form . 
  because nowadays one person criticizing another 's views is harassment , did n't you know ? 
  there 's a reason why twitter 's abuse report page lists `` in disagreement with my opinion '' in the same check-box as `` offensive '' and `` disrespectful '' . 
  [ i wish i were kidding . 
  ] ( https://support.twitter.com/forms/abusiveuser ) yeah , i do n't understand the logic either . 
  the problem is that sometimes , the opposite happens :  on 5 november 2014 , lufthansa flight 1829 , an airbus a321 flying from bilbao to munich when the aircraft , on autopilot , unexpectedly lowered the nose and entered a descent reaching 4000 fpm rate of descent . 
  the loss of altitude had been caused by two angle of attack sensors having frozen in their positions during climb at an angle , that caused the fly by wire protection to assume the aircraft entered a stall while it climbed through fl310 . 
  the alpha protection activated forcing the aircraft to pitch down , which could not be corrected even by full back stick input . 
  the crew eventually disconnected the related air data units and was able to recover the aircraft . 
  in that case , the auto-pilot almost brought the plane down , were it not for the pilots . 
  128/141 man , i kept getting the balkan region wrong , and then did n't remember the order of estonia/latvia/lithuania ... 
  i guess i need to play some more paradox games . 
  that 's still just anecdotal evidence . 
  you should n't paint people in multiple countries with such a wide brush . 
  i 've lived in portugal for years , and i have never actually hear someone say something of the sort ( not even the few communist crazies i have met , they were more of the `` modern '' anti-capitalist kind ) . 
  here , have some more anecdotal evidence , 
  -- * from what i know ( not in portugal right now ) , it 's just a block at dns-level . 
  that being the case , the best way to work around this is to change your dns server to the public ones from google ( at ip 8.8.8.8 or 8.8.4.4 ) . 
  * * better than proxies , at least . 
  the problem is n't weak phone receivers . 
  citing wikipedia :  satellite signals may exhibit multipath propagation where signals skip off structures , or are weakened by meteorological conditions or tree canopy . 
  some standalone gps navigators used in poor conditions ca n't fix a position because of satellite signal fracture , and must wait for better satellite reception . 
  a gps unit may need as long as 12.5 minutes ( the time needed to download the gps almanac and ephemerides ) to resolve the problem and be able to provide a correct location . 
  also , the tower position and wifi hotspots really do n't matter ( unless you have gps turned off ) since they 're way too innacurate when compared to what gps is aiming for . 
  instead , the a-gps device receives ephemeris , reference location , reference time and other optional assistance data from the a-gps server which can be used to obtain a lock . 
  without this information , the receiver would need to download this information from the actual gps signal , which can take quite a long time , especially under bad signal conditions . 
  just to be clear , * ethnic * portuguese people do not have to be completely white . 
  there have been darker-skinned people living in portugal for centuries . 
  just consider the fact that over one thousand years ago the iberian peninsula was muslim and inhabited by arabs and berbers . 
  many of today 's * ethnic * portuguese and spanish have arab/berber ancestry , and thus have darker `` arab-like '' skin . 
  nobody , not even the most racist of portuguese , would consider them `` not ethnically portuguese '' , so its shocking when they 're attacked in eu countries due to their * portuguese * ethnicity . 
  for example , [ this study ] ( http://biologiaevolutiva.org/dcomas/estimating-gene-flow-from-north-africa-to-southern-europe/ ) shows that between 5 and 15 percent of * all ethnic iberians * have north african ancestry that dates hundreds of years ago . 
  even though portugal is a country that has a huge relatively well-integrated diaspora all around the world , these kinds of attacks basically never happen , especially to students on an exchange programme . 
  so much so , that when they do they 're so unexpected they become automatically front-page news in all portuguese newspapers . 
  yeah . 
  seems this one was reinstated , though , after i posted the comment you replied to , 
  i thought it was interesting for / r/europe since it involves two different european countries in two opposite sides of europe ( so at worst , it 's local news of two far-away places at once ) and the eu erasmus + exchange programme , with some sprinkles of the migrant crisis on top ... 
  i mean , that there makes it more `` european '' than many of the submissions on the front page right now :p, 
  [ source in polish , from the rzeszow news network . 
  ] ( http://rzeszow-news.pl/portugalczycy-ofiarami-rasistowskich-atakow-w-rzeszowie/ ) quick and dirty translation of the portuguese article :  one of the 15 portuguese students in the town of rzeszow , in southeastern poland , taking part of the eramus + programme , has been the target of a racist attack . 
   the group of students arrived at rzeszow on the 3rd of april to do an interchange in an electrotechnics school .
