  my point is that even if they keep the euro as * one * currency , they 'll not be able to stay inside the eurozone if they 're also officially using another currency at the same time . 
   but it will take longer . 
  i 'm really not sure if this will be the case . 
  a default is n't a short-term prospect , either - just look at argentina ( which had a lot more going for it when it defaulted , including a trade surplus ) which lost almost 2/3rds of its gdp after it defaulted ( leading to a ridiculous devaluation of pensions , subsidies and salaries ) , and the fact that 14 years after their default they 're still mostly cut-off from foreign investment and financing . 
  if done right , controlled reforms and cuts could be much less painful than a default . 
  i 'm not sure whether i trust both parties in the negotiation to reach an agreement that 's not simply delaying the problem for a few months , though . 
   separately , is your position that the euro , as currently designed , is perfect , with no possible improvements ? 
  not op , but i do n't think he was making that point . 
  everybody minimally knowledgeable about economics knows that the euro is at best broken in the current implementation ( it does n't fulfill a lot of the requirements for an optimal currency union ) , and that for it to work the eurozone needs a fiscal union . 
  does n't mean the euro as a general idea of a common eu currency is wrong , though , nor that it ca n't be improved . 
  the problem is that it 's currently politically and democratically unfeasible to setup a fiscal union ( there 's no way all ez countries will agree ) , so the only alternatives are a transfers union ( which is also unfeasible ) or what is currently happening leading to a possible dissolution of the euro . 
  i personally think a fiscal union would be the best way forward ( and the only way that does n't involve breaking up the ez ) , but it 's not a simple matter , and i 'm not sure if we 'll ever get there the way this is going right now . 
  the problem is that the first option is likely to be much more disastrous than the second option , and last equally as long . 
  capital controls wo n't help , banks will collapse once the ecb cuts ela , forcing greece to switch back to the drachma . 
  the new drachma * will * devalue a lot , so expect everything to be cut through devaluation to below half of what it is right now ( pensions , salaries and subsidies included ) . 
  expect tax revenue to fall through the roof , as well ( so any possible primary surplus wo n't be there for long ) . 
  lastly , greece also has a trade deficit ( including in such important areas like * food * , so expect even more starving people ) , and it will lack hard currency to maintain it . 
  this all happened in argentina , and it managed to recover in a decade or so , but they had a ton of things going for them which greece does n't have , including a trade surplus . 
  most likely , this will be even worse . 
  if done right , controlled reforms and cuts could be * much less painful * than a default . 
  i 'm not sure whether i trust both parties in the negotiation to reach an agreement that 's not simply delaying the problem for a few months , though . 
  sounds like greek to me :p, 
  ah , okay , then i misunderstood you . 
  and yes , i agree . 
  still , it 's worth repeating that the chance that greece `` voluntarily '' leaves the euro ( it would be left with no alternative ) is * very high * , especially if the ecb cuts ela , no matter how much tsipras wants to stay in . 
  the real question at this time is basically - if that happens , can greece exit the euro without leaving the eu ? 
  that 's the unknown part . 
  tsipras can say whatever he wants , but if the ecb cuts ela ( and it * has * to if greece defaults , the rules are already stretched so thin it should have been cut-off months ago ) , there 's no way greece is going to be able to stay in the euro . 
  i 'm not talking in terms of morals or whatever , as i want greece to stay in the euro - it 's just impossible for a country which ca n't get credit ( because of the default ) and with a completely collapsed banking system ( because of the ela cut-off ) as well as a trade deficit to not create a new currency , or stop paying people entirely . 
   but may run it 's own currency alongside the euro which the people will continue to use unofficially does n't that go completely against eu treaties , though ? 
  if you 're in the euro-zone , you are supposed to use the euro and only the euro ... 
  you really think no country in europe has thought about what might happen if greece defaults ? 
  they literally had years for someone to say `` umm , guys , maybe greece will actually default '' and make sure if that were to happen , they were affected as little as possible . 
  i doubt there will be a huge crash after a greece default . 
  my biggest fear is with speculation attacks against weaker countries after it is proven that the euro wo n't be protected whatever the cost . 
  tax revenues depend on company health and consumption . 
  if the banking system collapses ( and once ecb stops ela , it will ) they will be forced to introduce a new currency , and there 's no way consumption will be able to keep up outside the euro , especially since most companies will very quickly find themselves out of money , and greece imports much more than they export . 
  sadly , they would not be able to maintain their primary surplus without large cuts , in the case of a default . 
  if they default , there 's no way their tax revenues keep up and they maintain the primary surplus , though . 
  to be fair , the referendums were about the european constitution , and that failed . 
  the lisbon treaty fixed most of the problems pointed out by `` no '' - voters on exit polls . 
  let 's just assume then the ez does n't give greece the money to pay back the debts , and greece defaults . 
  banks dry up almost immediately and have to activate capital controls ( the only reason why there still are n't capital controls in greece is because the ecb keeps giving greek banks money , especially in the last week or two , and if there 's a default this helpline would immediately stop ) . 
  companies go bankrupt due to the lack of consumption ( people ca n't withdraw money =  people ca n't spend money ) and without euros to import what they need . 
  meanwhile , tax revenue drops so much ( reduced consumption ) , and expenses rise ( many more unemployed ) , that any primary surplus ceases existing almost immediately . 
  since there would be nobody to loan greece money and cover the deficit ( defaulting on the lender of last resort is n't usually a good idea , i wonder why ) , they 're forced to immediately cut costs . 
  all this repeats , which means that any state expense that can be cut * will * be cut ( including pensions and salaries ) . 
  yeah , not a fun experience . 
  meanwhile , the ez at most has to worry about the likely contagion to countries like portugal . 
  it 's a considerable risk , of course , but not the end of the world . 
  summed up , your analogy is ridiculous , especially since all that ez debt is currently financed with ridiculously low interest , which means that the ez is actually losing money with those loans . 
  i personally do not agree with `` austerity \u00fcber alles '' and the way this whole business has been negotiated by both parties , but it 's ridiculous to assert that greece has considerable leverage over the ez . 
  the ez has almost all the leverage . 
  very ironic , considering the new revelations about the nsa . 
  but is n't almost all of japan 's debt owned by the japanese themselves ? 
  i think that was the case . 
  it 's quite an epic anthem , i agree . 
  one of the things i miss most now that i 'm living outside the country is the food . 
  oh god , the food is so good . 
  i do n't see hate , more like some teasing and such . 
  we do call you guys * nuestros hermanos * ( yes , in spanish ) for a reason , and it 's not because of hate  though there * is * a stereotype that spanish people do n't make much effort to understand portuguese when they come to portugal , expecting instead that * we * make all the effort and speak spanish . 
  iberian master race :d, 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law#dual_citizenship ) has a section about dual citizenship . 
  when i last researched this , i read some sources in german , but i do n't remember exactly which . 
  in the case of germany , if you acquire nationality of any country outside the eu or switzerland , you 're basically giving up the german nationality automatically ( if they ever find out ) . 
   if i remember correctly , it 's not possible for germans , for example . 
  i looked into that matter some time ago , out of curiosity , and germany allows double-nationality with any eu country or switzerland . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law#dual_citizenship ), 
  it 's not that simple , though . 
  the current composition of the eu is very unstable , and sure to collapse if nothing is done . 
  sure , it was too early for all this integration . 
  but what is done is done , and now we have to figure out where to go from here . 
  there are only two choices , though : 1 . 
  integrate further , fixing most problems of the incomplete monetary/political union . 
  there 's no way this will happen at this time without a two-speed eu . 
  dissolve partially ( back to a simple free trade zone , or maybe the single market ) , or completely . 
  give up on a federal eu for a few generations ( maybe forever ) , since everyone will be unwilling to `` try again what failed before '' . 
  the problem is that if you want some sort of a federal eu , there is * absolutely no way * it will not be some sort of a * two-speed * eu . 
  this is because multiple countries ( as i 'm sure you 're aware , the uk being the most famous one ) have absolutely no political will for further integration . 
  trying to force them to integrate would by itself mean a collapse of the eu . 
  i 'm still waiting for the day we get an institution named something like `` the european council of councils '' . 
  that would be fun !, 
  i think someone was just having fun with the names . 
  i mean , `` the european council '' , `` council of the european union '' , `` council of europe '' ? 
  if i did n't know better , i 'd think it was some kind of inside joke ahah i can only assume the new eurozone sub-chamber of the euparl they 're suggesting will be called `` the council of the european parliament '' if it ever comes into fruition . 
  it is unclear , especially for someone who is unfamiliar with the institutions . 
  if you say `` the european council '' , then it may be assumed due to the english language that further mentions of the word `` council '' without specifying the full institution name refer to `` the european council '' as well . 
  for example , if i say `` the european parliament '' and later start using `` the parliament '' , people will think i 'm referring to the european one , not my national one  i was just pointing it out almost in jest , that your post was somewhat unclear , especially for someone unfamiliar will all the councils , so it might be useful to add the extra `` of ministers '' there . 
  and yes , the names are confusing ( `` the european council '' , `` the council of ministers '' , and `` the council of europe '' ? 
  come on , it 's like someone is doing it on purpose ... ), 
  i know that . 
  i was just pointing out that the way he said it is unclear , since he names them `` the european council '' and `` the council '' ( i.e. , he never specifies `` council ** of ministers ** '' ) . 
  someone who is not as familiar with all the confusing council-named institutions will understand nothing he 's talking about . 
  thanks for the explanation , though . 
  i 'm sure it 'll be useful for someone , 
  no , no , i did n't argue against that . 
  i was just pointing out that you 're talking about the `` council '' versus the `` council '' , and nobody is sure which institution you are referring to when you talk about each of them without specifying . 
  i think that 's the idea ? 
  a `` sub-chamber '' does not need to be a different institution , i think . 
   the european council is a eu institution as well ... with more direct democratic legitimacy than the council .
