  it requires the greek government 's support , and i 'm not sure if they 'd agree , but it 's a way for them to keep their promises of re-opening the banks and keeping the euro as sole official currency , as well as not having to agree to further bail-outs . 
  if you allow for some margin of `` breaking the treaty '' , parallel liquidity could be issued by the government on top of this ( as long as banks are prohibited from accepting the ious ) to allow for some devaluation . 
  otherwise , drastic cuts would have to be made to hit a primary surplus , but it 's more than possible ( and the greek government would be free to do it however they like ) . 
   and the eu is surprised about this ?? 
  sort of . 
  but what alternative was there ? 
  other than having had a grexit 5 years earlier ? 
  greece could easily start printing euro bills whose serial number is n't greek , though , so that would n't be enough , 
   i feel that you are wrong in thinking the usa would take it as economic warfare or kick them out of nato . 
  if a nato state starts counterfeiting euros or dollars , and does n't stop when told to , their position in nato would be at best very weakened , at worst they 'd be kicked out . 
  in greece 's case , as you say , a lot would be needed for that last part , though , as the aegean sea is strategically important . 
  but this whole discussion is over the possibility that greece starts illegally printing euros , which is very * very * unlikely in itself . 
  they 'd put themselves into a very precarious diplomatic position , which would hurt them for sure in the long run . 
  i do n't think they 'll be kicked out of the eu unless they do something as terrible as that . 
  still , the article 7 teu exists , and could be applied in a case where greece starts acting in a way that could seriously hurt their eu partners ( printing euros illegally , for example ) . 
  i could also see a partial sanction ( * de facto * expulsion from the ez ) if they switch to drachma officially but want to retain their powers in the ez ( including their vote in the ecb ) , by refusing to voluntarily leave the euro . 
  it is technically possible for article 7 teu to be used to only remove their ez rights , and leave their eu rights intact . 
  since when did i suggest they would be sending in the army to destroy the printing presses ? 
  stop implying i 'm in favor of military action in greece ( or any other country in europe for that matter ) , please . 
  it would be much simpler to re-denominate the non-greek euros , and let the greeks print monopoly money to their hearts content . 
  if they then kept with printing the new euro bills , it would be outright counterfeiting at nation-level , and they 'd most likely be kicked out of nato ( if a state engages in counterfeiting euros , who knows when they 'll counterfeit dollars as well ? 
  no way the us would stand for it , they 'd be setting a huge precedent ) so it 's not like article 5 would matter anyways . 
  economic war is , as the name says , solely economic - putting troops in the ground is no longer just `` economic war '' - it 's * actual * war . 
  also , we were discussing the case where the greeks start printing euros without permission , going against the treaties . 
  * they * would be the ones declaring `` economic war '' , in that case . 
  edit : as for viktor orban ( what does he have to do with the greek discussion i 'm not sure ) , i agree that he has been stretching the rules and should get sanctioned . 
  but he is still not openly in breach of the treaties , and even if he were , a `` clear risk of a serious breach '' requires more than breaking a rule or two . 
  let 's not get way ahead of ourselves here . 
  also , the normal order for these things is to go to the ecj first , only then the sanctions , except for a sudden , huge breach of the treaties . 
  though , a dictator inside the eu would be in serious breach of the treaties , so if every other member state decided to , they could do the same to such a regime . 
  in the case where some member states were corrupt enough to accept bribes from them , though , things would be more difficult , as an unanimous vote is needed ( excluding the target country , of course ) . 
  i think the ecj also has some power to suspend treaty rights , which could help ? 
  edit : just checked , sanctions require only a qualified majority . 
  unanimity is needed only to declare that there has been a breach of the treaties . 
  sure , call it `` sanctions '' . 
  they require unanimous vote from the council ( bar the target country ) , and may suspend rights derived from the treaties , including ( but not solely ) voting rights . 
  it 's a * de facto * membership suspension , though , no denying that . 
  [ here ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:l33500 )  article 7 teu aims at ensuring that all eu countries respect the common values of the eu , including the rule of law . 
  the preventive mechanism of article 7 ( 1 ) teu can be activated only in case of a ' clear risk of a serious breach ' and the sanctioning mechanism of article 7 ( 2 ) teu only in case of a 's erious and persistent breach by a member state ' of the values set out in article 2 . 
   the preventive mechanism allows the council to give the eu country concerned a warning before a 's erious breach ' has actually materialised . 
   the sanctioning mechanism allows the council to suspend ** certain rights deriving from the application of the treaties to the eu country in question , including the voting rights of that country in the council ** . 
  in that case the 's erious breach ' must have persisted for some time . 
  economic warfare ( printing euros without permission ) would absolutely qualify as a `` clear risk of a serious breach '' . 
  as for expulsion , a country under such article 7 sanctions and without support from any other member states could see itself isolated diplomatically and economically ( with possible economic sanctions on top ) , and would be under pressure to `` voluntarily '' leave the union and renegotiate its diplomatic position from outside the union . 
  there is no way to kick out other countries in the treaties , but the rules are malleable enough that that 's not absolutely necessary . 
  what i described does not break any treaties , for example , and would result in basically the same thing . 
  more important is the $ 3.5 bn debt repayment to the ecb and other central banks on the 20th . 
  if they miss that payment , the ecb * has * to stop ela loans to greece . 
  assuming the greek banks survive until then , they 're screwed afterwards . 
  in the current situation , yes . 
  we do n't know how far cyprus is willing to go , though , because they risk angering the remaining member states quite a bit ( who are also cyprus ' creditors ) , depending on the exact situation at the time . 
  the current government is n't very happy with syriza , having for example co-signed the eurogroup document that put the blame for the failure in negotiations solely with greece a few days ago . 
  from my analysis of the situation , greece should be able to count on cyprus ' vote if greece plays by the rules . 
  however , once greece starts breaking treaties , that may change at any moment , especially if they were to do something that could have direct consequences for cyprus themselves . 
  i know ( and it 's a bit more complex than that ) , but i was just explaining why it 's not bad/stupid to have that discussion in the first place . 
  the first comment i replied to implied otherwise . 
  the question still stands if cyprus will allow greece 's eu membership to be suspended if greece unilaterally breaks any treaty . 
  but with such a serious action as this , there 's no way they would veto anything against greece . 
  it 's not . 
  they 'd be asking for sanctions , and since they import/export a ton of stuff from europe , that would be very bad for their economic future . 
  also , sanctions from the eu would fatally wound their tourism industry . 
  that could be seen as declaring economic war on the rest of the ez , and would be very bad for them - one of the best ways to bring the opposition side together , they could n't even rely on cyprus ' veto to protect them after such an action . 
  they 'd have their membership suspended very quickly , and economic sanctions applied , at best . 
  but if the banks give you extra money with no strings attached , they 're pretty sure you 'll keep needing more loans anyways , and some other guys might start asking for many more larger loans under the same conditions . 
  and then you threaten to commit suicide and not pay anything , unless they do exactly as you say , draining any good-will you might still have have with the electorate ( turns out , the bank you loan from is a public bank , beholden to an electorate , that does not want to keep giving you money because they do n't trust you to fulfill your end of the deal even if they were to give you better conditions ) . 
  also , the bank has so much money that 200.000.000.000 will not have a huge effect . 
  tl ; dr : stupid analogy , oversimplificates things , and can be spun both ways . 
  worthless for discussion . 
  if you owe the bank 200.000.000.000 and you need money , you have a huge problem as well , as nobody will loan to you , especially without many strings attached . 
  yeah , but * how * exactly would such a rogue country be fucked ? 
  what powers do the other countries have , assuming they do n't just break the treaties entirely ? 
  [ it 's a pretty interesting discussion , actually . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c8btv/varoufakis_if_necessary_we_will_issue_parallel/cst5uub ), 
  my point was , that discussion did n't just appear out of thin air ( the post i replied it to made it seem like people just went crazy and actually believed it could happen ) . 
  and it 's actually an interesting discussion in general - what might happen if a country went rogue and started printing euros without permission ? 
  yeah , cyprus might protect greece from a membership suspension . 
  but if they go mental and start counterfeiting euros , even cyprus would immediately change their mind . 
  not doing so would be economic suicide for cyprus . 
  [ to be fair , it seems some hardliners within syriza want to do exactly that ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11719688/defiant-greeks-reject-eu-demands-as-syriza-readies-iou-currency.html ) :  hardliners within the party - though not mr varoufakis - are demanding the head of governor stournaras , a holdover appointee from the past conservative government . 
   they want a new team installed , one that is willing to draw on the central bank 's secret reserves , and to take the provocative step in extremis of creating euros . 
  unless the telegraph are downright lying , which they might be , i would n't be too surprised . 
  by treaty rules , greece can have their voting rights suspended upon a serious infringement of the treaties . 
  and if greece starts printing euros against the rules , it 's basically a declaration of economic war . 
  not even their friend cyprus will stand behind them . 
   it is tantamount to an act of economic war this . 
  not even cyprus 's vote could save them then . 
  not exactly , but there are provisions for suspension of all membership rights , effectively `` temporarily suspending '' membership for a member until the member fulfills the treaties again . 
  this includes voting rights in the council . 
  technically , in the case of a drawn-out `` temporary suspension '' of a state 's membership , the treaties could be amended to allow their permanent expulsion ( and the suspended state would have no vote on the matter , as their voting rights are suspended ) . 
  it 'd still be a complex procedure , and i 'm not sure if such an amendment could pass , as the possibility of a permanent non-voluntary expulsion of a member state being written into the treaties is sort of like opening a pandora 's box . 
  another possibility for `` greek expulsion '' is using the `` enhanced co-operation procedure '' which allows for at least 8 + member states to negotiate on further integration by themselves * on top of the current institutions * , or dissolving the eu , replacing it with another institution with similar rules and a similar name . 
  these two options ( especially the first one ) might also make sense in the case of part of the eu desiring stronger integration , but facing the veto of some of the remaining member-states ( like the uk ) . 
  still , a greece in a suspended membership procedure , with no open market to the remaining member-states , as well as no way to get fresh euros , would be facing a huge pressure to exit the eu `` voluntarily '' and renegotiate their diplomatic position with the eu from the outside . 
  not sure . 
  there are quite a few anti-austerity movements with considerable popular support , though . 
  do n't play dumb , my point was never that they should do what the german people say . 
  my point was that no matter how much they pressure other governments ( like the german government ) to give them money , they wo n't get better terms * because those governments they 're negotiating with are not beholden to the greek people * . 
  and by going `` all-in '' , they 're just screwing themselves and draining any remaining good-will there might still be on the other side . 
  you really think germany is the only reason there was no deal before ? 
  do n't be ridiculous .
