  now , with that out of the way , i 'll quickly go through your points :  they created a humanitarian crisis in greece ( that should be the worst ) . 
  but most essentially now , they ( well , you actually ) are going to pay much much much more if they want to fix this mess . 
  oversimplification . 
  the humanitarian crisis was created by over-borrowing , populist and corrupt * greek * governments , and then corrupt greek governments who did not reform such things as the tax system after the bail-out , even if they promised to . 
  now , a government comes to power , saying that they want better conditions than the ones promised before , and debt relief . 
  there is simply no trust that they will be different than the previous governments , so there is no political will in the ez to give in . 
  look at it from the point-of-view of those governments . 
  on the one hand , greece leaves the eu , in the short-term everything is fine at home , on the long-term , with some luck , it 'll be stable , or the eu will dissolve . 
  on the other hand , greece gets debt relief ( and i 'm not sure if it 'd even be possible to pass in some parliaments , many mps would revolt ) , we get voted out , we guarantee even more votes to euro-sceptic parties , and we set the precedent which will mean that this whole mess will repeat itself in spain and portugal . 
  the choice is obvious . 
   unless he believed ( or led to believe ) he could find a solution and agreement . 
  this is the only way it makes sense . 
  why decide do a referandum on the time he will be the most exposed . 
  at the start of the month is when the elderly take their pensions . 
  the media are having a fucking field day with the lines of old people under the scorching sun accusing tsipras for that . 
  does n't makes any sense , unless you understand it was the last option to pull a solution from an uncompromising europe . 
  the referendum was forced , not chosen . 
  but debt-relief was * always * off the table . 
  he took a bet that in the last week , the creditors would fold and give him debt-relief , and when they did he realized he had screwed up and declared the referendum knowing full well that the program would n't be extended , so that he could pass on the blame to the creditors . 
   portugal does n't have a non-european country with almost the same tourism contract but cheaper right next to them ( turkey ) . 
  also increasing vat in a place where tax evasion is rampant is idiotic . 
  either the businesses are going to go under or turn into illegal income to stay at least afloat . 
  killing the golden goose and all that . 
  and before you say ` tax evasion tackle ' they where supposed to be implemented in october , no time at all to do anything about it . 
  i would n't be that sure - spain , specifically the spanish islands ( canaries and the baleares ) tend to be considerably cheaper than portugal . 
  not as cheap as turkey vs. greece though , i concede that point . 
  as for vat increasing tax evasion , the thing is that vat is the * easiest * tax to collect , so any other tax you could increase will bring in considerably less revenue than an equivalent change in vat . 
   they will cut the only income from thousands of elderly people . 
  please think hard on that `` we must cut costs '' pov . 
  okay , let 's think hard on the `` must cut costs '' pov . 
  we have a state that runs a deficit and has a huge debt , mostly because of huge tax evasion . 
  it can not get financing on the markets . 
  since it uses a currency that it has no direct control over , it can not devalue it . 
  our creditors do n't trust us , and so wo n't allow debt restructuring ( and could n't even if they wanted to , due to the political situation back home ) . 
  nevertheless , most of our debt has ridiculously low interest ( 2-3 % ) and ridiculously long maturities ( 40 years + ) . 
  our goal is to grow . 
  we start spending money we do n't have . 
  once money runs out , we have no choice but to switch currency and devalue . 
  we make cuts . 
  strangles economy , if done too much also reduces tax revenue . 
  the objective here is to reduce expenses and therefore reduce the deficit . 
  we increase tax revenue by increasing taxes . 
  if done too much , increases tax evasion even further . 
  the objective here is to increase revenue and therefore reduce the deficit . 
  we reform the tax system , try to reduce tax evasion . 
  very hard , especially since many rich people do n't want it . 
  the objective here is to increase revenue . 
  takes very long to do . 
  we do nothing . 
  once money runs out , we have no choice but to switch currency and devalue . 
  we switch currency and devalue . 
  look at argentina for a relatively successful case where they broke a 1:1 peg to the usd . 
  2/3 gdp decrease in one year , 40 % devaluation in just the first day ( which means a 40 % cut in pensions and salaries/subsidies in a * single day * ) , medicine and food shortages , etc. 
  a balanced program would try to do a mix of 2 , 3 and 4 . 
  what happened is that such a bail-out was agreed with , but the corrupt governments did only 2 and 3 , such that the weaker economy now means that any new program needs to do even more 2 and 3 , because 4 is a long-term process that will take very long to have an effect , and in the meantime you 're still running a deficit . 
  so either you get a ton ( really a ton ) of money to run a deficit until 4 goes into play ( meanwhile , pension and subsidies costs keep rising ) , or you make cuts . 
  if everything has already been bled dry , other than pensions and vat ... well , yeah . 
  if you could get debt relief , less of 2 and 3 would be needed , granted , the problem is that 4 has been promised since greece joined the eu ( and the eu even paid for a national tax registry ) , but has completely been ignored by the greek government . 
  now you go to the eu and say `` yeah , we need a debt relief '' , and the creditors do n't trust that you will do what they ask you to , in terms of 4 . 
   everyone with a brain would have shot him . 
  greece does n't have two three years . 
  the debt bubble is about to go bust.big time . 
  greece has 2 or 3 years , for sure , and it is very likely better than the alternative . 
  you do realize that under a default , greece will be set back to quality of life levels similar to third-world countries ? 
  and even under the worst predictions , 2 or 3 years are n't enough for greece to get a worse quality of life than the poorest eu states ? 
  now , the idea was that it would have made sense to keep the bail-out programme , reform the tax system , and then use the fact that the tax system is much better than before to justify a renegotiation of the bail-outs . 
  that was my point . 
  an anti-establishment party could have done that , and it could 've worked , since if you show a greece with less tax evasion to the creditors , it 's much easier to convince their electorate that greece should get better conditions . 
  it 's still a gamble , but in my opinion a better gamble than demanding everything before implementing such reforms , when the creditors do n't trust greece institutions * because of their own experience with them * . 
   yeah , that little leverage ? 
  you will feel it ( and the short sighted leaders ) in a few years regardless if he is president or not . 
  its called euro-sceptism , and as the greek problem is not solved , it will swell the fires of it . 
  uk is having a referendum . 
  austria is discussing it , even if it is improbable to happen . 
  greece is on the brink to leave . 
  tell me those where even imaginable 5 years ago . 
  the problem is that euro-scepticism is showing up * because of helping greece as well * . 
  most of the anti-eu parties , for example the afd in germany , believe greece should never have received any money , and that it should get no more money . 
  they 're also mainly anti-immigrant . 
  ** giving greece more money will increase their share of votes ** . 
  on the other hand , the anti-eu leftist parties want to give all their money to greece , and those will get more votes if greece exits . 
  as for the last sentence , the uk referendum was imaginable since the maastrich treaty . 
  austria 's petition is bullshit . 
  other parties , like fn , are mostly anti-immigrants/anti-islam , and greece is little more than `` i told you the euro was bad '' , no matter which way it goes . 
  as for uk , their referendum will not be changed much from the whole greece mess . 
  they 're already outside the euro . 
  as for austria , 200 thousand people signed a petition to leave the eu . 
  you could probably get 200.000 people to sign a petition on * anything * . 
  also , one of their arguments , according to the discussion thread on reddit about the subject , was that they 're sinking money into greece they 'll never see again . 
  again , not helping greece wo n't change much . 
  it * is * delusional to say that greece has considerable leverage over the eu . 
  they have * some * leverage , but if greece leaves its not the end of the world from the eu , while it * is * the end of the world for greece . 
  [ continued in second comment ], 
   i do n't disagree , but it 's irrelevant to the case . 
  point is a 3rd bailout with the imf will have to have debt relief . 
  i concede that , that just makes a third bail-out even less likely , though . 
   this is not true , as i showed with the link on china . 
  and everyone knows about the political problems in the ez , but repeating that ad infinitum as if it is the only variable makes no sense . 
  i 'm telling you all the other variables in the game . 
  china wants to invest in greece ...
