   pcp secretary general said today that the agreement with the socialist party is `` going in the correct direction '' , but refuses to reveal any content of the negotiations , adding that he `` does n't do futurology '' regarding any 4-year agreement . 
  the portuguese republic is a semi-presidential system , where the president has the power to nominate the head of government . 
  the only restriction the constitution places on that choice is that the president must take into account the election results . 
  the head of government does n't even have to be a member of any party , or be an mp - if the president wanted , he could even nominate his own mother as head of government . 
  of course , the nominated government has 10 days to pass their government program in the parliament , which means the parliament has veto powers . 
  the other thing the constitution technically allows ( by not setting deadlines for the president 's nomination of a head of government ) , is for the president to refuse to nominate a head of government . 
  in such a case ( or when all nominated governments are vetoed by the parliament ) , the previous government will continue working , in `` management-only '' mode ( basically , with very reduced powers ) . 
  point being , he has the constitutional right to refuse to nominate someone to be head of government , no matter his reasons . 
  whether his reasons makes sense is another point entirely . 
   accurate not really . 
  read the replies to his comment . 
  ( and no , i did n't downvote him , but i can understand why some did ), 
   namely when a coalition that does not include the party with the most votes got more votes . 
  paf ( psd+cds ) is a pre-electoral coalition . 
  they presented their coalition agreement * months * before the election . 
  ps+be+pcp * are currently in talks * for a ** post ** - electoral coalition . 
  there still is n't an agreement . 
  and to be exact , be and pcp refuse to negotiate with eachother , so the talks are ps+be and ps+pcp separately ( even though all three parties are required for the resulting coalition to have more mps than paf ) . 
  point being , the current largest party/coalition in parliament is paf ( psd+cds ) , followed by ps , then be , then pcp , and lastly pan . 
  once there is an official agreement between ps , be and pcp , that could change . 
  but as of right now , there 's no reason to nominate the runner-up party instead of the largest one . 
  since when ? 
  the three left parties have not yet been able to come to an agreement , so there 's no `` coalition '' . 
  that should change in the future ( though that 's not a certainty ) , but you 're lying if you say there already is a coalition . 
  in addition , 2 of the parties that would form such a coalition refuse to negotiate with each-other , so ps is basically negotiating two agreements at once ( ps+be and ps+pcp ) . 
  edri is a more than credible not-for-profit ngo , with [ over 31 privacy and civil rights organisations as members ] ( https://edri.org/about/ ) from all over europe ( plus the eff , from the usa ) . 
  they 're as credible as can be as far as european civil rights go . 
  still , they do n't have a ton of money ( their main brussels office only has 4 full-time employees ) , so most likely the translation was done by one of them ( not a professional translator ) or even by a volunteer . 
  if you are from country a '' , and work in country b '' , you pay into country b 's state pension system , and then after a while you become able to draw from it when you retire . 
  president of the ecb , and the president of the eurogroup , afaik . 
  i 'll assume you 're just uninformed , although that 's probably not the case . 
  in the 2014 euparl elections , 38\u00a0610\u00a0376 people voted for epp candidates all over the eu . 
  epp+pes+alde totals 90\u00a0464\u00a0849 votes . 
  the epp had put junker forward as the leader ( similar to how the tories put david cameron forward ) , and so he got nominated as comission president . 
  because junker is the `` prime minister '' of the commission , and as such he can reject any commissioner if he does not feel they would do a good job . 
  also , junker was democratically elected in the same way as cameron , being the candidate for commission president put forward by the epp , the same party that won with most votes and got majority of the euparl by allying with pes and alde . 
   the eu recipe , which led to the deficit which the eu now wants to sanction . 
  to be fair , that `` eu recipe '' brought us down from a 11.2 % gdp deficit in 2010 to 3.2 % right now . 
  blaming the eu for the current deficit is dishonest at best . 
  the euparl can vote to sack the whole commission with 2/3 of the votes , yes . 
   eea minus free movement not going to happen , would be suicide for the eu as that would constitute `` having the cake and eating it too '' . 
  not even switzerland has such a deal . 
  remove the `` minus free movement '' and i agree with what you said . 
  i deleted my comment as i am unable to find a source . 
  i am convinced i read/heard it somewhere , but i guess i may be mistaken . 
  yeah , that 's the one that allows stripping a country of their powers , like i was discussing in my comment . 
  sort of . 
  kind of . 
  if the uk starts being regarded as negotiating in bad faith ( like delaying article 50 to get more leverage at the cost of the eu ) , the eu just needs to be creative . 
  for example , you can vote to strip a country of their powers ( just need the other 27 countries to agree ) . 
  then just start passing laws that disadvantage that country ( e.g. , everything the uk vetoed in the past ) . 
  they 're forced to follow those laws , unless they trigger article 50 . 
  if they ignore those laws , they get fined and maybe even kicked out for a serious breach of the treaties ... 
  they could formally ask the uk to confirm if they will be leaving due to the referendum . 
  an affirmative answer could be taken to trigger article 50 . 
  a negative answer could be publicized as a `` the uk is ignoring the referendum results - look who 's undemocratic '' . 
  a `` negative '' answer that is an obvious lie , for example by at the same time justifying in the british media with `` we 're just taking our time '' could be taken as in bad faith , and there are a bunch of things the eu could use to screw with the uk and force them to trigger article 50 . 
  for example , the council could strip the uk of their membership rights ( without stripping them of their obligations ) with the justification that they are obviously going to leave , and are not triggering article 50 in bad faith . 
  then , just start dusting off all legislation that had been fiercely opposed by the uk over the last decades ( e.g. , anything that hurts the uk/city of london disproportionately ) . 
  the uk will be forced to follow these laws , or trigger article 50 . 
  otherwise ( if they ignore these laws they had no vote on ) , the eu courts can declare a breach of the treaty and heavily fine the uk , which if the uk does n't pay could be used as justification to kick the uk out ( `` treaties no longer apply with regards to the uk as it is unilaterally not following them '' ) . 
  seriously , the eu has a ton of tools at their disposal to apply leverage onto the uk . 
  not saying it 'll happen ( and it most likely wo n't if the uk negotiates in good faith and triggers article 50 soon ) , but if you start believing that all you have to do is wait a couple of years playing all parties off each other to your advantage , you might find that the eu actually has some teeth after all . 
  you 're leaving the group , so do n't be surprised that when you try to screw with it , the eu will circle the wagons and protect their own interests - not yours . 
  nowhere does it state that it ca n't be `` declared triggered '' by other member states , tbh . 
  article 50 just says that the country has to voluntarily request to leave , which could be interpreted to be any statement in that direction . 
  the eu could for example formally ( publicly ) ask the british government if they are looking to leave over the next couple of years , and could then consider an affirmative answer to be such a `` request to leave '' . 
  other than that , they could make uk 's life in the eu hell , for example by stripping the uk from all influence in the council , including their voting powers , and denying the uk their rotating presidency of the eu this year . 
  and once that 's done , start passing all laws the uk was blocking in the past , for example stuff that disadvantages the city of london and the pound sterling . 
  the uk will be forced to follow those laws , unless it triggers article 50 . 
  if the uk were to ignore those laws , the european courts could declare a breach of treaty and justify heavy fines , or suspension of treaties . 
  not saying it will happen ( probably wo n't ) , but the eu is the more powerful party in the negotiations , and could easily do some creative thinking to force the uk to trigger article 50 . 
  it 'd be easier to simply vote to remove uk voting powers in the council ... 
  de jure , no . 
  but the council can effectively remove all voting powers ( and influence ) of a member state and basically force the uk to either be powerless in the eu ( but still having all eu legislation applying in the uk ) , or to trigger article 50 . 
  nothing stops the european council from formally ( and publically ) asking the uk government whether they are planning to leave as a consequence of the referendum , and require the government to either publically answer `` yes '' ( after which article 50 would be considered triggered ) or say `` no '' and anger the leave side . 
  also , nothing stops the eu from forcing the uk out , if the uk shows bad faith . 
  article 50 only applies to * voluntary * exits , and there are other possibilities that do not necessarily require a country to exit voluntarily . 
  for example , if the uk were to answer `` no '' ( or ignore the question entirely ) while still openly planning to trigger article 50 , it 's a huge show of bad faith which will just annoy the eu more , and the council could even vote to remove voting powers of the uk and effectively force them to leave as soon as possible . 
  afaik , the guillotine clause in the bilateral treaties with switzerland means that violating one part of the treaty voids all the treaties . 
  i know , sadly . 
  i 've always been in favor of a common federal governance system , but the way the eu is right now , i do n't see it happening . 
  member state governments have too much to lose , and would need to pass such reforms unanimously . 
  the recent eurosceptic developments in many countries does n't really help much , either . 
  as far as i know , including from the spitzenkandidaten campaign , juncker would n't necessarily be against such reform at eu level . 
  the biggest block to something like that are actually the member state governments , who would lose a lot of the control they currently have over the eu , and the ability to blame the eu for anything bad that happens . 
  yeah , as far as i know they can just refuse to vote . 
  the council has historically worked through unanimity . 
  basically , things only ever get formally put to a vote once everyone has already agreed during informal negotiations . 
  there * is * a ton of opposition , really , so much so that votes might be put on hold for months at a time while everyone negotiates . 
  just look at the whole refugee issue for a recent example . 
  i find it worrying how the council has so much power and so little transparency ... 
  in my opinion , it is one of the huge issues with the current eu structure , and it needs to be overhauled into an actual directly elected higher chamber of parliament , with the euparl serving as a lower chamber ( with reinforced powers ) . 
   fiscal union alone do n't you mean `` monetary union alone '' ? 
  because a `` fiscal union '' is something that could have prevented this whole problem in the first place . 
  well , high fiscal transfers ( [ similar amounts as those between us states ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2011/08/americas-fiscal-union ) ) is basically the only real possibility for actually fixing the eurozone 's structural problems and making it more like [ an optimum currency area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) . 
  which would require a fiscal union , and a large eurozone budget from eurozone taxes , an eurozone finance minister to manage that buget ( and therefore an eurozone government ) , eurozone social subsidies to spend those taxes , etc. . . basically , a much more federalized eurozone . 
  sadly , that 'll never pass in the eyes of popular opinion ... 
  so i guess disbanding the euro is the next best alternative ? 
  the whole eu budget is less than 1 % of gdp .
