  after a `` yes '' vote , the government will have a mandate to agree to any deal . 
  after a `` no '' vote , their mandate covers only considerably better deals , if any - which means that if the ez does n't fold , a default and consequently a switch to drachma is implicit . 
  so , even if it is not exactly a `` euro or not '' referendum , it 's * de facto * asking whether the greek want to stay in the euro at all costs , or only with a considerably better deal . 
  and in my opinion , i do not think the ez will fold to `` no '' winning . 
  if they did , they 'd be creating a precedent and guaranteeing podemos wins in spain , as well as similar parties in portugal and other such countries . 
  if the choice is between greece leaving , or having to debt restructure spain in the near future after a podemos win , i do n't think many of the creditor countries will fold , especially since most of them have to ratify any deal in parliament . 
  yeah . 
  it 's interesting , that any time the imf has suggested a debt write-down , it 's always suggested * somebody else * take the cut . 
  they 've always said they wo n't agree with a haircut on what is owed to them . 
  some other funny articles :  # [ passos coelho warns national tourists who booked holidays to greece to prepare for aggressions from all the greek people who envy the portuguese economic situation ] ( http://inimigo.publico.pt/noticia/detail/1700923 )  germany and england warned their tourists to withdraw fresh money due to the capital controls instituted by varoufakis , but passos coelho goes further and advises portuguese people not to visit greece at all , due to the risk of them being assaulted by the envious greeks . 
   `` they look at a portuguese tourist and think , ` look , that guy came from the country with full coffers ' [ the current government loves to say that everything is going well , and portugal has ` full coffers ' ] , and therefore beat him up . 
  `` if you have to go on holidays , do it in norway , whose economic situation is similar to ours '' , he concluded . 
   # [ passos coelho says that : `` i prefer to cut my arm off than to sign a deal that 's bad for the troika and good for portugal '' ] ( http://inimigo.publico.pt/noticia/detail/1700949 )  greek 's finance minister , varoufakis , announced that if the `` yes '' wins in the referendum , he will abandon the government , because : `` i prefer to cut my arm off than to sign a bad deal for greece '' . 
   in the same day , passos coelho announced that he would never ask for debt restructuring , because : `` i prefer to cut off both my arms and both my legs than to sign a good deal for portugal and bad for the troika ! '', 
   # [ cuba eliminates the aids contagion from mother to son , and passos and cavaco ask cuba to eliminate the contagion from greece to portugal ] ( http://inimigo.publico.pt/noticia/detail/1700948 )  the world health organization declared officially that cuba is the first country in the word to eliminate the transmission of the aids virus from a mother to her son . 
   paying attention , passos and cavaco asked cuba to eliminate the contagion from greece to portugal : `` fidel , my comrade !, 
  '' , screams passos , while cavaco hollers : `` viva che guevara !, 
  just missing one ` t ' !, 
  that 's a very interesting article , thanks . 
  yeah , 50 % is very optimistic . 
  oops , did n't read that . 
  still , they 'd be dooming themselves with unsustainable debt , if they get loans at ridiculously high interests ( i 'm talking of something in the order of 50 % , nobody would lend for less than that ) . 
  i thought they wanted to avoid unsustainable debt , though ? 
   try to raise debt from scratch let 's not be delusional , nobody will loan to greece if they default to the lenders of last resort , except maybe with ridiculously high interest . 
  15 years after such a default , argentina still ca n't get loans from international investors . 
   i suppose the point is that the push to make the vote about the presidency ( when it really was n't ) sort of half way through the long campaigning period , essentially as a bit of fa\u00e7ade of democracy was a mistake . 
  i still stand by the spitzenkandidaten system . 
  it could not be delayed - these were the first elections after the lisbon treaty , so if the euparl wanted to set the precedent and take the de facto powers of choosing the head of the commission for itself , they * had * to act . 
  the alternative , where the council chooses an unelected technocrat nobody has even heard of before election day , is much worse . 
  look at barroso , he basically bent over to the member states ' governments every day . 
  hopefully , now that the precedent is set , next elections things will be taken much more seriously by the press . 
  because the whole problem was the press - they completely ignored european issues , and prefered to cover national issues or treat the vote as a protest vote . 
  most countries did not even mention the spitzenkandidaten system . 
  hell , when schulz came to visit portugal , he had almost no air-time in the press , and the few times they did he was simply a `` supporter of the socialist party '' instead of the actual commission candidate for pes . 
  this is also because there were a lot of vested interests that the spitzenkandidaten system fail , as the national governments stood to lose power in the eu . 
  the uk took the cake , where the press spoke about the system multiple times and likened it to the coming of the `` undemocratic devil '' , and somehow managed to spin it as even more undemocratic than the previous system - i did n't even know that was possible . 
  the only country that took it seriously seems to have been germany , which funnily enough is what guaranteed the parliament the de facto power - merkel was forced to accept juncker ( and campaign for him in the council ) when the german press started blasting her over `` undemocratically rejecting the elected candidate '' . 
   oh and i think junker over the last few days has made quite a lot of people realise that there might be something a bit wrong , or at the very least that he may not be a terribly credible leader . 
  i think most of that is taken out of context , though . 
  the guardian article over the last speech ( which was posted here ) was terribly biased . 
  it did n't seem so , but if you read the actual speech in the commission site , it had a completely different spirit . 
  they spent the whole article making it seem like juncker was very sad and calling greeks traitors , when that was a single line during the introduction . 
  and actually , he said he felt a `` little betrayed '' that the greek negotiators told him the last day that they 'd accept his deal with some small compromises , and then walked away before the next day when the compromise deal was to be put on the table . 
  he was stating that the thesis by the greek government that they were not the ones to break off the deal was a lie , nothing else . 
  he then spent the other 99 % of the speech describing the whole negotiation process , and the supposed `` compromise deal '' that would have been on the table the following day . 
  i still think he is much better than for example barroso . 
  juncker has been trying to set a precedent - that the commission has a say in the bailout negotiations ( and any other important negotiations in the eu ) , which was n't the case . 
  barroso was chosen exactly before he would n't make a fuss and would simply follow orders , he never even tried to participate in the greek negotiations , he just did what his franco-german masters told him to . 
  juncker has already succeeded - so much so that tsipras actually called him directly in the past to ask for concessions . 
  and another party to the negotiations that can think of the interests of the eu as a whole is a welcome addition ( there are ground to believe his may actually be the softest negotiation stance when it comes to greece ) . 
  he 's also been doing a ton of work to try and get extra money to greece * outside * of the bailout , through european investment funds - the so-called `` juncker plan '' . 
  if it were n't for him , that would n't even be on the table . 
  the remaining member states seem to be trying to derail it , though ( as they 'd be the ones paying for it ) . 
  all the `` drunk '' reporting over juncker seems to me a clear attempt at making him seem bad . 
  those rumours were started during the campaign by british tabloids , and have n't stopped since . 
  he acts more playful , less serious than his predecessors when meeting member state leaders , but drunk ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  at least it 's a bit more charismatic than barroso was . 
  the problem is that you vote on meps in your country , and they declare loyalty to an european party . 
  if no candidate declares loyalty for the epp in your country , and you want to vote for the epp , you 're free to apply yourself . 
  it 's the same here , there was no party affiliated to alde , or to the federalist movement - the only two european parties whose proposals i thought made any sense . 
  i agree its a problem , but we 'd have people complaining about `` muh sovereignty '' if you instituted a vote on european lists instead , such that your vote for a certain party could be used to get someone from a different country the spot ... 
  are you seriously saying that barroso was better ? 
  barroso just sold himself , and took it in the ass , the commission was basically another council the way he ran things , led by germany and france . 
  at least this guy is trying to make the commission seem relevant . 
  he 's already succeeded in one thing : setting the precedent that the commission is also part of the greek negotiations ( and by proxy any bailout negotiations ) . 
  before him , the commission did n't have any say on the issue . 
  his pr has n't been exactly great , sure , but its not only his fault . 
  the guardian article covering his previous speech was biased against him and made him look bad by stating that the whole speech was centered on his disappointment and how he felt betrayed , when those were mentioned once in the intro ( he stated he felt a `` little betrayed '' when the greek negotiators said they would accept compromise under certain conditions , and then walked away before the new deal was put on the table the following day ) , and then never mentioned again . 
  yeah , he 's trying to build precedent that the commission has a say in these matters . 
  right now it may not matter much , but in the future could be very important . 
  as far as i know , the uk is the only country without an epp affiliated party . 
  [ the problem is that an exit from the euro is not possible according to the treaties . 
  ] ( http://law.maastrichtuniversity.nl/newsandviews/the-legal-possibilities-of-a-greek-exit-from-the-eurozone/ ) it has also never been done before , so it 's completely uncharted territory . 
  assuming a country * really * wants to leave the euro , there are three choices : 1 . 
  leave the eu voluntarily ( article 50 of the treaty of lisbon ) , and therefore the euro . 
  afterwards , optionally reapply to join the eu without the ez - assuming the member states unanimously vote for you and allow you to opt-out of the ez . 
  might not be as easy as it sounds , it 's not guaranteed all countries would allow greece back in , or an ez opt-out . 
  additionally , while leaving could be done very quickly ( matter of days ) , rejoining could take years as it requires greece to fulfill all requirements for entry ( like any other eu candidate ) , and i believe one of those requirements is that a country is not in default , and another sets a limit on debt as % of gdp . 
  change the treaties . 
  lengthy process , requires an unanimous vote from all member state representatives in the council , a ( qualified ? 
  not sure ) majority in the eu parliament , as well as parliamentary ratification in all member states . 
  some member states even require a referendum on any treaty change . 
  this will very likely be extremely difficult , as much of the good will towards greece from the remaining member states has completely vanished after the events of the last week or two . 
  unilaterally break the treaties , stop using the euro , just honor the non-ez parts . 
  you might be subjected to hefty fines , as well as expulsion from the eu ( expulsion requires an unanimous vote from all other member states , though , which might be relatively difficult in greece 's case because of cyprus ) . 
  additionally , it gives grounds to other member states to stop fulfilling their end of the treaties when dealing with you . 
  it is also a sure way to make everyone ( even countries outside the eu ) more wary of signing treaties with you , as you 'll have a history of breaking them . 
  that 's a press release . 
  complete bullshit pr-speak ( just look at the fact they state that these are the strongest net neutrality rules in the world , when that 's obviously not the case , for example there 's the us which a couple months ago agreed on much stronger net neutrality rules ) . 
  it can be useful to get an idea , but it tries too hard to `` sound good '' for the press . 
  the article i linked analyses the * actual * text that was agreed upon , which is what matters in the end . 
  it comes to the conclusion that it is very ambiguous . 
  as long as an isp can make up a reason for some traffic prioritization to no longer qualify as `` general prioritization '' , it can in principle be covered by the `` specialized services '' exception . 
  this ambiguity is n't good for anyone ( except the isps themselves ) . 
  net neutral is something it is n't , for sure . 
  and you believe the creditors will offer better terms ? 
  you realize that a new deal would have to pass many member state 's parliaments , and the way it 's going , many of them would never vote for sending more money greece 's way ? 
  it 's delusional to think that a `` no '' vote will get you a better deal . 
  most creditor countries have already come to terms with a grexit , sadly .
