i 'm as surprised as you are , had never even heard of these guys before . 
  this show seems to be from 1991 , keep that in mind . 
  before the main performance begins , the guy is talking about how they dislike that rock is starting to become completely dominated by `` soft '' , commercial music . 
  he goes on to say that they think that rock should have more originality , as they believe it to be an art form comparable to something like jazz . 
  therefore , their performance . 
  hopefully , this helps a bit ? 
  it 's still a debit card from visa . 
  if you want to be pedantic , sure , it 's * not * visa , but it can be used online as any other visa card , so they do n't seem to have much distinction . 
  if a business accepts visa they must also accept visa electron . 
  i was just commenting on how i found it funny everyone thought it was a credit card , not a debit card . 
  also , i know about the german debit card systems , i live in germany currently and have a maestro/ec card from a local bank myself , 
  no , visa also has debit cards called [ visa electron ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_electron ) - i have one from my home bank , actually . 
  though , whenever i try to use it where i am now , in germany , everyone seems to think it 's a credit card ... 
  [ according to this ] ( http://www.ef.edu.pt/epi/ ) , portugal is actually quite proficient in english . 
  number one proficiency when compared to other latin language countries , and considering it 's the only latin language country that uses subbing exclusively , that actually says quite a lot . 
  why is n't portugal shown as belonging to nato ? 
  i mean , we do n't follow the `` 2 % gdp investment in the military '' rule but neither do many other members . 
  i think it looks like a flag meant for esa and not the eu , but it is n't that bad . 
  you 've visited portugal but did n't go to either lisbon or the algarve ( the most common spots that tourists go to ) ? 
  not that i 'd recommend the algarve unless you like beaches and a lot of british tourists , but i believe lisbon to be worth a visit . 
  am i the only one who thinks that joining a foreign military conflict a country is n't involved in should be grounds for voiding a person 's citizenship ? 
  no matter what side you 're fighting for . 
  it certainly demonstrates that your loyalties lie elsewhere . 
  it 's like the guys who go fight in syria . 
  sure , you 're free to go . 
  just request citizenship there once the conflict is done , we do n't need battle-hardened soldiers with unclear loyalties coming back . 
  the issue is that it sounds good for the populists/eurosceptics to spin it as `` the eu forcing a treaty on the member states '' . 
  i bet most people who spout that nonsense did n't even look at the exit polls showing why people voted no . 
  ( primarily because * they had no idea what was in the treaty * . 
  funnily enough , in the second referendum that number dropped quite a bit , as there were education campaigns about its contents ) there 's nothing wrong with what really happened . 
   does that mean in case he wins , he gets the entirety of the claims ? 
  fta :  a specialist financier will bear the legal costs if schrems loses the case and will take 20 percent of the damages if he wins , meaning users can join the case at no financial risk . 
   schrems himself is not charging a fee but stands to win 500 euros , like the other claimants . 
  how about ... 
  the * extra * - large hadron collider ? 
  i 'd be interested in reading those studies that prove ( `` prove '' is quite a strong word - it 'll require a considerable number of studies from reputable sources ) what you 're saying . 
  because if you look at the most multicultural countries in the world , that does not seem to be the case ( for example , the melting pot that is the us ) . 
  so unless you can give me sources ( the way you 're convinced , there must be hundred of studies you could show me !, 
  ) , your statement is as true as the claim by many ( mainly in the past ) that the aryan race is better than everyone else , and the jews are the cause of everything that 's wrong with society ( since your claims just replace `` aryan race '' with `` us '' and `` jews '' with `` them '' ) . 
  as an electrotechnical and computer engineering student currently specializing in electronics and computers ( mostly computer architectures ) , this is very good news , 
   at this point , the bargaining shifted from picking a candidate to haggling over issues and packages . 
  this demonstrated another aspect of the spitzenkandidaten revolution : because of the need to win the votes from across the political divide , the entire set of top european posts has become subject to negotiation . 
  and this is how it should be . 
  it 's one of the major improvements with the system - they actually have to win the votes across the political spectrum , instead of only the biggest having a voice . 
   in this process , some of cameron 's pet issues were watered down , and the british prime minister could not fight hard for them , because he did not want to compromise on the nomination issue . 
   [ ... ]  last but not least , the uk has moved one big step towards an exit , largely because of its government 's profound misreading of european politics and the interests of others , but also because of poor tactics . 
  david cameron 's claim to want to keep britain in a reformed eu has lost most of its credibility , both at the brussels summit table and , presumably , at home . 
  the tories left the epp five years ago , and with the admission of the german eurosceptic party afd to their faction they have now burnt the bridge back to epp . 
  and this describes why cameron acted stupidly . 
  he gave up any negotiation power when he accused juncker of being an `` arch-federalist '' ( even though barroso is probably as federalist as him , and the uk had no problem with him ) , and refusing to ever vote for him . 
   you said it was more transparent than any of the national parliament okay , i 'm sorry . 
  i should have said `` more , or at least as transparent as any national parliament '' . 
  i 've edited my original statement . 
  there 's even a [ transparency register ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/info/homepage.do ) with details on any lobbying that goes on in the eu parliament . 
  many parliaments do n't have that !, 
  if you read my whole statement in the second post , you 'll see that it 's not that i do n't understand the argument . 
  i just try to justify the `` lack of transparency in the eu '' further than `` the eu is n't democratic '' to find a way to fix it ( instead of just wanting to end the eu ) , and the conclusion that the council is a huge cause of that is n't hard to arrive at . 
  it 's hard to support giving power to the council once you come to that conclusion , unless you want the eu to be even less transparent - therefore i call hypocrisy on anyone that does so . 
  in a way i 'm also an eurosceptic ( i think the current setup in the eu institutions is undemocratic ) but if something is wrong , i try to fix it first instead of dismantling it completely . 
  this is why i like to informally call eurosceptics `` eurocynics '' or `` euro-pessimists '' ( as they believe that was is wrong will never be fixed , so it 's better to chop its head off as soon as possible ) , and europhiles who do n't like the current state of the eu as `` euro-optimists '' ( as they believe that what is wrong can and will be improved , we just need to keep working on it ) . 
  i did n't know about theyworkforyou.com , but the fact still stands that most national parliaments do n't have such a website - there is n't one for portugal , for example . 
  the portuguese parliament has an official website where they post transcripts , but there is n't a platform like votewatch or theyworkforyou . 
  it 's a shame , because these platforms are very useful . 
  as for me calling people names , i just said i found what eurosceptics are campaigning for to be hypocritical . 
  last time i checked , that is n't an insult , i never thought some would find that offensive . 
  i 'm sorry if you felt in any way i insulted you , it really was n't my objective . 
  i also did n't ( and do n't ) know what your views on the eu were , i was just commenting on an argument i 've seen mentioned very often in this sub . 
  anyways , to expand on what i was saying ( so you do n't just think i 'm insulting people without knowing what their reasoning is ) , i know eurosceptics believe heads of government have more legitimacy than meps ( and i can understand where they come from ) , and as such want the council ( and thus the national governments ) to have the most power . 
  but then many campaign against the fact that most things in the eu are agreed behind closed doors , when the main reason such discussions are done behind closed doors are because those heads of government in the council ( that they want to give more powers to ) want it to be so . 
  this does n't make sense , as the reason that happens is exactly because the council is n't democratically accountable - the heads of government individually may be , but they can do whatever they want in the council , and the electorate will never know !, 
  and then to argue against giving powers to the actually democratically accountable , transparent institution in the eu - the parliament - in favor of the council makes even less sense . 
  from my perspective , those views are mutually exclusive . 
  either you want the euparl to have more power , or the council . 
  there are plenty good reasons for either of them , but if you pick the least transparent one ( and the one that 's not democratically accountable to the electorate ) you should n't complain that the eu is n't transparent . 
  though , those views simultaneously actually makes sense if the objective is to demonize the eu as most as possible , and the easiest way is by sabotaging any attempt to fix the power balance in eu institutions - for example the commission 's president election . 
  if take this far enough , for example by getting tabloids to propaganda against the main candidate for the job , calling him `` arch-federalist '' when barroso is probably as federalist as him , you might actually get moderate politicians from parties who are sinking in the polls - for example a head of government - to campaign tooth and nail against that person in the hope it wins them back votes . 
  therefore , i 'm not in the least surprised when populist parties use such ( flawed ) argumentation . 
  i was extra careful to use as neutral language as possible when writing this text , and tried to explain my point as best as possible . 
  hopefully i was successful . 
  just as a quick example , there is n't a [ votewatch ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/ ) for any eu national parliament , as far as i know . 
  with it you can know in seconds exactly who is who and who voted what . 
  this is an amazing tool , and i 'd love to have something like it for national parliaments . 
  you can also easily get access to [ transcripts of all the parliaments sessions ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/plenary/en/debates-video.html#banner_session_live ) , though that 's common on many national parliaments . 
  they also offer recorded video and live streams of the eu parliamentary sessions , as was the point of the thread - many parliaments do n't ( though most member states should at least have a tv channel you can watch which airs all parliamentary sessions ) . 
  also , the trilogue is n't transparent only because it involves the commission and the council - the parts of the trilogue that involve the euparliament are completely transparent ( and transcriptions are available ) , though that 's not the case for the commission and the council . 
  it 's actually funny that people who are against the euparliament because it is `` undemocratic '' ( whatever they may mean with this ) want to give more power to the council ( the institution that 's actually undemocratic ) instead , which is hypocritical to say the least . 
  yeah , the euparliament is quite transparent . 
  you can get more ( or at least as much ) information on it and what it does than any national parliament . 
  it 's an european citizens initiative . 
  the commission is obligated by eu law to respond , and this response must be legislative unless there is a very strong reason not to . 
  they wo n't have it easy - if they do n't want a power struggle with the ep when the next commission president choice comes after the next elections , they 'd have to change the treaty . 
  funny thing though - the ep has veto power on treaty changes . 
   the debate sounds interesting . 
  was that before or after the election days ? 
  [ here 's an infographic ] ( http://static.euractiv.com/files/eu_presidential_debates_2014_latest.pdf ) with the main eu presidential debates . 
  the one that aired here is the one on the 15th of may , aired with live dubbing by most ebu member channels , including rtp . 
  i actually watched most of those debates ( including the ones in german ) , as i speak fluent german too . 
  ~ ~ i 'm trying to find a full list of channels who aired this debate , but i ca n't seem to find the debate 's official web-page anymore , sorry . ~ ~ edit : [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.eurovisiondebate.tv/about/# ) check the list of broadcasters ( `` where to watch it '' ) , or more detailed [ here ] ( http://www.eurovisiondebate.tv/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/faqs_broadcasterslistva.pdf ) . 
  in the uk , bbc parliament seems to have aired it .
