  sure , most of the bail-out money goes back to european banks ... as payments for loans undertaken by the greek state in the decade before the crisis * voluntarily * . 
  these loans were used to pay for many things inside greece , like salaries , pensions , health care , etc. 
  of course , part of it was siphoned off by the corrupt greek governments to no fault of the greek people ( and at no fault of anyone other than the greek governments at the time ) , but a huge part of it ended up in greek people 's hands ( look at all the gdp growth during those years ! ) . 
  you can argue that those banks did a mistake and should therefore have lost their money . 
  i agree with it in principle . 
  the problem ( that turns it into a grey area ) is that the alternative would have been for greece to default on all those loans - many of them by their own banking sector . 
  this translates into a complete banking collapse in greece ( which is terrible for anyone living in greece ) , as well as a high contagion probability in many other ez countries , and a probable collapse of the euro as well . 
   it 's not like the eu is overly democratic . 
  this is a mis-use of the term `` democratic '' . 
  the eu is n't democratic because they do n't want to give better conditions to the greek ? 
  the whole problem is that the creditor governments * can not * give better conditions because * their * electorate does n't want them to . 
  democracy does not mean the greek people can vote for better conditions , and others are forced to fulfill that . 
  democracy means that a taxpayer should have some say on where his tax money goes to ( usually by electing a government ) . 
  this means that it is `` undemocratic '' to force creditor countries to give greece more money . 
  ** it does not matter if what the creditors ' electorate believes in is completely wrong ** - it is `` undemocratic '' for them not to have a say . 
  now , what 'd make sense is a fiscal union , where all states pay eu-wide taxes , and have some measure of control of where other countries spend that money , for example an eu-wide pension programme , or unemployment subsidies . 
  these are examples of politically feasible ways to have inter-state transfers without the whole moral hazard of a pure transfers union . 
  france and germany are n't against the idea per se , but it 'll still take quite a while before this is instituted , assuming it ever is . 
   this will not allay the fears of people and prevent a bank run . 
  once they see a country exiting ( for whatever reason and under any circumstances !, 
  ) , they 'll absolutely move their capital . 
  it does n't cost them much and they 'd be foolish not to . 
  i mentioned that a bank run is a possible risk , and i explained why i thought you were over-stating the risk . 
  the eurogroup and ecb have much more information than us and should be able to much more clearly estimate how large that risk is . 
  consider that the current ez narrative is that greece is the only problem - all other countries that underwent a bailout program are growing and seem to be exiting the crisis . 
  for example , portugal ( the most likely contagion ) is currently growing and has enough money , that assuming a cut-off from funding ( but no banking collapse ) they would last until mid-2016 . 
  assuming a banking collapse , the story is different , but even if portugal had to request a second bail-out deal to recapitalize banks after a bank run , they would still have less debt as % of gdp than greece . 
  another important factor is how portugal 's current government is very much pro-austerity , so there is no doubt that they 'd come to a deal with the ez relatively quickly if a third bail-out were needed . 
  the elections in september might change this , but the only other party that has a chance of winning are the socialists - and if syriza fails , then it 's assured that the current government will be re-elected . 
  with a centre-right government , help from the ez is much less politically unfeasible for the creditor governments . 
  all this put together , i do not see enough instability for a bank-run in portugal right after a greek exit . 
  maybe a few months later if the country starts showing weakness , but not immediately . 
   why does your abovementioned explanation ( of why a bank run wo n't happen after grexit ) not apply to this kind of situation ? 
  it does apply . 
  by letting greece exit the ez , they * are * setting the precedent of the euro being revocable . 
  that 's bad . 
  however , my point is that if you weigh the risks , greece leaving is much less risky from the point-of-view of the creditors ( at least from the information that we currently have ) than other `` syriza-style '' parties winning in any of those countries where there could be a bank-run . 
  well , assuming the political situation in the eu does n't improve , sadly , yes . 
  and i 'm speaking as an euro-phile . 
  the only way i see a good result for greece and the eu as well is if greece votes ` yes ' , syriza falls , gets replaced by a `` more cooperative '' government ( making it less politically unfeasible for the creditor countries to offer better conditions ) , and in an year or so with an even worse situation , and with much more pressure on the creditor countries ( both internal and external political pressure , as well as from experts ) , greece gets offered debt restructuring . 
  though , in order to make sure that such restructuring is politically feasible in the whole ez , the eu would have to start working on integrating further , by building a fiscal union , so that the complaint of `` debt restructuring together with further loans '' being `` throwing more money down the drain '' becomes completely moot . 
  without such a fiscal union , any debt restructuring will be very hard to do , as without control over where greece spends money it is more likely that the public opinion of the creditor countries changes overwhelmingly to `` kick them out '' instead of `` debt restructuring '' . 
  it is nice to see that france and germany , for example , do not seem to be against the idea of a fiscal union , and have been slowly pushing for something of the sort within the ez . 
  any other chain of events will be terrible for greece , and not very good for the eu ( possibly ending in a collapse of the eu as a whole ) . 
  at least , that 's my opinion , considering the current political situation over the whole eu , and how the current events might change it in the near future . 
   the eu politicians have shot themselves in the foot by bluffing about forcing greece out of the ez if greeks vote no . 
  the thing is , it 's not a bluff . 
  the political situation at home for those creditors is very unfavorable to giving in to greece ( and the fact that it 's syriza only makes matters worse ) . 
  if they give in , it will be very hard to get a deal through parliament , and they 'll be committing political suicide . 
   so the fear , i think , is higher than ever and there would definitely be a bank run . 
  no , because the current narrative is `` greece is the only ` bad student ' , syriza is incompetent , other countries are recovering '' . 
  the only fear is speculation attacks on countries like portugal , but there 's also a very high chance that in keeping with this narrative , assuming the political situation in these countries does n't change ( and they do n't elect their own syriza - which if greek exits they most likely wo n't ) , they might be much more willing to do anything to save these countries . 
  ( and it might be much more politically feasible back home to do exactly that )  they will accept something like varoufakis ' modest proposal ( which is not a transfer union ) the problem is the precedent . 
  if they accept that proposal ( which includes debt restructuring ) , they 're setting the precedent that any country with problems like portugal and spain can get debt restructuring under the same conditions , all they have to do is to elect their own `` syriza '' . 
  denying those conditions to those countries would be impossible after such a precedent is set . 
  that is a * de facto * transfers union , and is how it is being spun in a lot of the press already . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  still , it might be much more politically feasible to do debt restructuring with a `` more co-operative '' government an year or so down the road , after syriza collapses , and therefore avoiding the fear of syriza spreading to other countries . 
  not that i find that exactly moral , but i see no other politically feasible alternative , sadly . 
  summed up , my point is that the creditor countries do n't have a politically favorable situation to give in even if the governments wanted to . 
  the best way forward would probably be to institute a `` controlled transfer union '' through more integration ( fiscal union ) , which will most likely be on the tables in the near future , as the current german and french governments do not seem to be opposed to the idea in principle , but it would still take a while to agree to . 
   what then ? 
  well , then the precedent for euro exit being possible is set . 
  with that we have two possibilities : 1 . 
  everything works out for greece . 
  other countries in similar situations realize that they 'd be better off outside the euro , and leave as well . 
  in the long-term , the euro dissolves . 
  greece completely collapses . 
  other countries in similar situations realize that it might be better to play along with the euro to avoid a similar situation , and parties like syriza lose voters . 
  moderate risk of contagion . 
  in the long-term , who knows . 
  maybe the euro dissolves , maybe not . 
  looking at similar situations to greece , like the argentina default , the second choice will almost certainly be what will happen after a grexit . 
  it 's pretty good for the creditors , terrible for greece . 
  alternatively , they could give in to greece , and what will happen is that they are guaranteeing that parties like syriza ( podemos , etc ) will get elected in spain , portugal , etc and demand equal treatment ( as is only fair ) . 
  they 've * de facto * instituted a transfers union , and many of the creditor countries ' electorates are dead-set against such a thing , so the responsible governments would be severely punished in the next elections . 
  --------- from the point of view of greece : 1 . 
  pretty good 2 . 
  terrible since 2 is overwhelmingly more likely looking at past imf defaults , the leverage is with the eu . 
  calm down a bit , i meant no offense . 
  i had re-read your comment and noticed i had forgotten to reply to one of your points , so i was editing it in . 
  since i never refreshed the page , i did n't notice you had replied already . 
  the fear for a bank run in the periphery countries can happen , sure , and it 's what will end up deciding if the ez folds or not . 
  the risk is n't that large right now , though , since greece is a relatively small country and none of those periphery countries currently has a party like syriza in power . 
  on the other hand , you have the risk of the ez being `` blackmailed '' by podemos and other parties like that in the future , if they fold to greece , basically it would lead to the institution of a transfers union . 
  this , together with the `` lazy greeks '' narrative , will make it very difficult for the creditor countries to give into greece 's demands - it would never pass all the parliaments even if most of them wanted to . 
  from the point of view of a creditor country like germany , the `` better '' option , at least politically ( seeing as how a transfers union is very unpopular ) , is to at most offer the same deal that was on the table on the 27th/28th . 
   the voters do n't want grexit . 
  the problem is that the voters in a lot of the eu * want * a grexit , if the alternative is instituting a * de facto * transfers union . 
  it would be political suicide for merkel ( and other creditor governments ) . 
  not for giving in to greece per se , but for setting the precedent that if another country wants `` free money '' , all they have to do is elect their own `` syriza '' . 
  ( i know that it is n't exactly `` free money '' , but remember that the narrative in many countries is that the `` lazy greeks '' want more `` free money '' ), 
  i 'm not contradicting myself . 
  a switch to drachma requires an exit of the ez . 
  [ an exit of the ez , assuming no treaty change , requires an exit of the eu . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bu41o/eli5_why_is_it_considered_difficult_for_a/cspolut ) therefore , if greece refuses whatever deal the ez gives it ( which will be the case if they vote for `` no '' , and the ez does n't fold ) , they 'll have to `` voluntarily '' switch to drachma . 
  oops . 
  i 've fixed it , thanks for pointing it out :d, 
  still , my point was that it 's very easy to argue for debt restructuring when you 're not losing any money , or when you wo n't suffer consequences from your electorate , 
  though it 's delusional not to realize that the likelihood of greece ending up * having * to leave the euro is much higher after a `` no '' vote .
