  good , let 's hope it grows even further ... 
  oh , that explains it . 
  i 'm relatively young , i never associated portugal with towels and/or furniture , so this was a bit weird . 
  thanks . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  if you veto just because suddenly everyone else is subject to the exact same rules as you ( assuming everyone else were to refuse to renegotiate the treaties if that is n't the case ) , and you dislike the status quo , then you 're probably better off in the eea . 
  i 'm not saying the present is worse than it was before automation . 
  i am * not * against automation , at all . 
  we seem to be arguing about somewhat different things . 
  because of automation , people were allowed to specialized into fields that machines were not able to work in . 
  fields that require `` intelligence '' that machines did n't have . 
  that 's what has been happening so far . 
  the problem occurs when machines get good enough that there is * almost * no field that machines ca n't do well . 
  as much as you may say that in the future there will be `` new fields '' , with all technological development today , it is highly unlikely that we 'll ever find a * single * field that machines could not do a good job in ( at least as good as a human ) in a very far-off future . 
  i 'm not talking about ais ( which are another thing entirely ) - machine learning is an amazing tool , and it will only be developed even further . 
  you could argue that without true ai , a machine could never really innovate ( it 's debatable ) . 
  but all that is required is for someone to give the machine an idea , and machine learning algorithms should be able to do the rest - they are already great at problem solving . 
  watson for example is already pretty good at diagnosing some diseases ( even better than many doctors ) . 
  even if we assume that machine learning has limitations ( for example regarding innovation ) , there would still not be enough demand for that so that everyone else could survive off it . 
  let 's look at an example : horses and mules . 
  almost everything they can do has been automated and can be done much better than they ever could . 
  other than a few jobs ( most for art/shows/creative purposes , or just as pets ) , there is almost no reason to keep horses around , feed them , etc. 
  because of that , the horse population in the u.s. decreased from over 26 million in 1915 to little over 3 million in 1960 , about 11 % , because they did not have enough to offer that there was reason to spend money on feeding them and taking care of them . 
  today this number seems to have increased to 9 million again , but it 's still 34 % of the peak value . 
  of course , you ca n't just stop breeding humans , so imagine that in 100 + years machine learning has come far enough that very few domains require actual humans , but we did n't decline in population , there 's still 6 billion of us . 
  let 's assume that there 's demand for 11 % to do jobs that have n't been automated by machines yet ( or ca n't be at all ) . 
  that 's about 660 million jobs ( slightly more than the population of the e.u. ) . 
  this already includes the demand for creative jobs from the rest of the population that can afford to pay for them . 
  what will the remaining 5.4 billion humans do ? 
  the current system would condemn them to starve . 
  even if you use 34 % instead of 11 % , there 's still a considerable population ( 4 billion ) that has absolutely nothing to do , and for which there is absolutely no demand for their work . 
  and , to be honest , i think in the very long term , the percentage of jobs that can not be easily automated will fall to a single-digit , maybe even below 1 % . 
  if that were ever to be the case , we 'd have almost 6 billion `` worthless '' people . 
  but that 's just my speculation . 
   if they trade with another economy that demands poetry and offers food and resources , sure i 'm not saying that is n't the case . 
  still , we are talking of a future where * everything * other than art can be automated by a `` mechanical mind '' for much cheaper than hiring humans . 
  where humans no longer produce food and other necessary resources themselves , as machines can do it much cheaply . 
  other than the `` 1 % '' who actually own those machines , there is no part of the economy who demands poetry ( or anything else that humans may produce , that machines ca n't ) and offers food and necessities . 
  and i do n't believe the `` 1 % '' will be able to consume all the creative works of the other `` 99 % '' . 
  while somewhat far off ( a couple generations ) , this is not an impossible future , and it 's becoming increasingly clearer that there is almost nothing humans can do machines wo n't in the long-run be able to do for cheaper . 
  look at driving , industry , law , medicine , science in general , and even some creative areas ( like music ) . 
  these are being increasingly `` threatened '' by algorithms and computers , and machine learning in general . 
  it 's a great thing overall , as machines seem to be able to do everything much better than us , and if used correctly it could increase our quality of life even further . 
  the problem is that our current system of society will not be able to deal with these changes . 
  something like a basic income will become necessary sooner than later . 
  i was talking about during a renegotiation . 
  what i was saying is that any and all future renegotiations of the treaty with any country with opt-outs should be subject to the `` take it or leave it '' term of opt-outs being invalidated and removed from the treaties . 
  basically , if the uk ( or any other country ) wants to renegotiate the relationship with the eu without leaving the eu in favour of the eea , it should be told from the start that any opt-outs will not be allowed in the renegotiated treaty - i.e. , if you want to negotiate an `` opt-out '' , everyone needs to be subject to that opt-out . 
  this does not mean that the uk would be unable to renegotiate anything . 
  i 'm just saying that any renegotiations should apply to everyone else , too , as long as the uk remains a full eu member . 
  many would be happy to actually see any opt-outs applied globally , and i personally think it 's only fair . 
  no country in the eu is `` special '' , no country deserves `` special rules '' . 
  so you are arguing that there can be a `` poem and poet '' - based economy ? 
  are you seriously arguing that a super-majority of the population could live from creative works in a purely capitalist system where `` mechanical minds '' exist ? 
  creative jobs are valuable , as long as there are people to pay for them * with money * . 
  if everything ends up automated ( other than creative jobs , which * is debatable * as algorithms can already generate quite good creative works like music ) , and the sole income for the majority of the population is people paying for those creative works , it 's obvious that the money will drain from that `` economy '' . 
   a means to facilitate exchange of goods and services yes , but artists have to exchange goods and services with food and drink and other necessities in order to actually live . 
  if the bots are the ones producing those foods and drinks , they 're probably not interested in what art you have to offer them . 
  if a `` mechanical mind '' ( read machines/computers ) replaces humans in everything but creative affairs , where does the money to support those creative affairs come from ? 
  or are you arguing that there are some non-creative jobs that a `` mechanical mind '' will never be able to do ? 
  if so , please give a few examples . 
  i 'm not arguing against technological development , mind you , but how to pay humans when most jobs end up being automated is a serious problem that will need to be solved in the long-run - if in a long-term future it 's cheaper to do everything using machines , how does everyone else earn their money ? 
  this is one of the most important arguments for basic income - in the long-run , anything that a human can do ( maybe with the exception of creative jobs , although even that is debatable ) will be replaced by `` mechanical minds '' . 
  no single job is safe . 
  towels ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're referring to . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  but you 're welcome . 
  thank you spain for your * jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico * ( yeah , some of it is also produced in portugal , but it comes mostly from spain ) and * tapas *, 
  i do n't blame * you * ( the uk people or the government ) specifically for having negotiated for your interests , i never said that . 
  i blame whoever agreed to those opt-outs in the first place . 
  they should never have been allowed into the treaties by countries who do not get any opt-outs ( almost all of them ) . 
  if there is to be any renegotiation of the treaties in the future , the eu should remove any and all opt-outs . 
  you want a renegotiation , sure ? 
  however , one should not be allowed to pick and choose . 
  either be all-in ( and negotiate a deal that applies to * everyone * in the eu , i.e. 
  any opt-outs you negotiate would be applied to everyone else too ) , or become an eea member and lose most benefits ( other than the single market ) , including the power to decide on eu rules . 
  also , countries caught ignoring eu rules should be punished more severely - it 's ridiculous that rules are agreed in the common institutions , and many countries do n't even follow them . 
  ( as i said before , the uk is probably one of the best countries at following the rules , which certain deserves respect ), 
  these opt-outs are really unfair . 
  equal in diversity ? 
  seems some countries are more `` equal '' than others . 
  and no , i 'm not talking just about the uk . 
  i 'm talking about any and all opt-outs , or countries that ignore eu legislation they do n't like ( uk is actually one of the best eu countries at following the rules , which deserves some respect - of course , they are unfairly allowed to ignore part of the rules as they 've got tons of opt-outs , although that 's probably better than just ignoring some rules outright , like other countries do ) . 
  the name is an issue because greece , like all other member states , has veto power over new countries joining the eu , and they seem to feel strongly enough about the naming issue to actually use it . 
  is there any country that feels that strongly about kosovo in serbia 's case ? 
  just curious , i think some member states do n't even recognize kosovo at all . 
  huh , i seem to have made a typo while writing the link . 
  that 's weird . 
  anyways , it 's now fixed , thanks for pointing it out !, 
  but they have no legal right to black box data centers on foreign soil ( as american law does n't matter there ) . 
  even if they might do it , if they do it with ovh 's permission , then ovh is legally liable ( liable enough to go bankrupt , actually ) . 
  if they do it without ovh 's permission , it 's at best a diplomatic incident , and another nsa scandal . 
  on top of that , it 's much harder to black box a data center without the help of the company that owns it . 
  therefore , it 's more likely that any such `` black boxing '' is done with much more care and much more targeted . 
  it 's not hard to notice a black box on your network sending tons of data to a foreign server , especially in the long-term ( i.e. , the longer that the black box is there , the more likely it is found ) . 
  by making it legal on french soil , you 're just making it much easier for the french intelligence agency to spy on everything without any sort of control , and without anyone having any protections whatsoever against it . 
  so , why do n't you just let your intelligence agency install a trojan on your computer that monitors everything you do ?
