   there was no economic reason not to find a solution , but a successful left government will mean podemos in spain and a lot more countries . 
  thats the only reason . 
  that 's * one * reason , but it 's hardly the only one , as i 've described more than a few times . 
  this whole mess is a mixture of different political situations in the member states , sensationalist propaganda on all sides , as well as tsipras bluffing in desperation when he has very little leverage . 
  the fault does n't lie with anyone specifically , but i became very disappointed with the way tsipras lead the last week of negotiations up to the referendum announcement . 
  i expected better from him . 
   europe just fucking staged a coup in the 21th century . 
  that 's quite overkill , come on . 
  when you 've got the current government campaigning for a `` no '' under grounds that the eu will have to agree to a better deal ( when everything points to the fact they wo n't ) , neither side is being very honest . 
  that might be true . 
  but voting ` yes ' and then voting for golden dawn is contradictory , so my point is that if a majority vote ` yes ' and syriza dissolves because of that , golden dawn would n't win the next elections . 
  hopefully . 
   any 3rd programme would only be agreed to by the imf if debt relief is on the table . 
  it 's worth pointing out that the imf refuses to accept a debt relief on what is loaned to * them * . 
   the us wants the problem fixed , likewise so does china . 
  that the us voted for the latest imf report to be disclosed , against the will of the ez members , shows you where they stand . 
  again , it 's easy to argue for debt relief when you 're not the one committing political suicide . 
  in addition , china want the privatizations of greek state companies to go forward ( supposedly one of the conditions of the bailout deals that the greek government ended up not doing ) because they 're interested in buying them ( as they did in portugal ) . 
  they 're not exactly interested in the well-being of the greek people . 
   merkel 's discourse has been rather moderated , as has been that of hollande . 
  even schauble was quick to clarify that a no did n't necessarily mean leaving the euro . 
  they are dead set on keeping greece in the ez . 
  like [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/29/greek-crisis-referendum-eurozone-vote-germany-france-italy ) ? 
  it 's quite a mess , but many other high-ranking officials from multiple countries seem to agree that a no equates to leaving the euro . 
   jean-claude juncker , the commission president , said : `` it 's the moment of truth ... i 'd like to ask the greek people to vote yes ... ** no would mean that greece is saying no to europe . '' **  sigmar gabriel , germany 's vice-chancellor , voiced concerns that a so-called grexit could start to unravel six decades of closer integration . 
  he said the crisis was the most serious faced by europe since the signing of the treaty of rome in 1957 . 
  ** he added that if the greeks voted no on sunday , they were voting `` against remaining in the euro '' . 
  **  he was supported by french president fran\u00e7ois hollande , who came under strong pressure from us president barack obama to find a solution to the deepening crisis before it caused more damage to a still-fragile global economy . 
  hollande said : `` it 's the greek people 's right to say what they want their future to be . 
  ** it 's about whether the greeks want to stay in the eurozone or take the risk of leaving ** . '' -------  quite a few ez countries just want this over with . 
  the crisis costs them money but ceding to the greek situation will cost them even more money , especially once podemos gets into power . 
  they want it over with , but they 're increasingly considering just letting greece exit . 
  the eastern european countries , especially , dislike very much greece 's approximation to russia , and the fact that they keep paying for a country with higher gdp than them . 
  according to most reports , they 've been the toughest ones during negotiations , from the creditor 's side . 
   ireland as been less noisy than portugal and spain . 
  they may well end up supporting syriza , as the precedent serves all weaker economies . 
  all those three countries currently have a government that would lose a lot from a syriza `` victory '' . 
  they wo n't be supporting syriza any time soon . 
  hell , in portugal , the only opposition party that might be able to win the next elections are the socialists , and they 've lost a ton of popular support in the polls because of siding with syriza . 
  if this all had n't occurred , they were sure to win ( had a majority in all polls ) , but now the current government is in first place on all polls by a considerable margin . 
   what you describe is my dream , and possibly more europeans with corrupted governments . 
  if you 're interested , look into the [ european federalist party 's political manifesto ] ( http://federalistparty.eu/our-positions/our-political-programme/ ) . 
  they are one of the few eu-level parties whose manifesto present a real solution to the crisis ( including to the whole greek issue ) . 
  sadly , it 's very difficult to vote for them as they 're relatively small and so are represented only in a few countries :(  even the north european governments are not trustworthy well , they 're mostly following the will of their electorate . 
  i consider this a direct result of sensationalist press . 
   they cut the funding just 1 week to force a specific choice in a referendum while they gave a 4 month extension last year . 
  let 's be fair here . 
  i 'm not arguing that that was the correct choice ( i 'm undecided myself ) , but passing it off as forcing a specific choice is a bit of a stretch . 
  this is how it looks from a reading a mixture of portuguese , german and english press : first things first - the program had already been delayed multiple times . 
  the deadline has been known for over 6 months . 
  the imf payments were supposed to be at the beginning of the month , but the rules were already being stretched to delay them to the end of the month . 
  in may ( april ? ), 
  sch\u00e4uble had suggested greece have a referendum , tsipras rejected it . 
  one week before he announced the referendum , he was again asked if there would be a referendum , and denied it . 
  according to juncker , on the 27th the technical teams had come to a compromise , and the deal would be on the table for discussion on the 28th . 
  a deal very similar to the previous tsipras proposal . 
  suddenly , they receive information from the press that there would be a referendum over the deal that was on the table the day before , and tsipras was unilaterally leaving the talks . 
  they had not been told of this , had heard from tsipras mouth previously there would be no referendum , and were convinced a deal would be agreed on the 28th as the technical teams had come to a compromise . 
  on top of that , this referendum is * after * the dead-line . 
  in it , tsipras calls the remaining parties `` undemocratic '' , says they are blackmailing greece , and asks for everyone to vote no . 
  at the same time , he asks the eu to extend the programme ( which means they would have to give greece the money for the imf payment , as well as not freeze ela funds ) . 
  all this uncertainty caused fear , and the fact that the referendum was after the deadline made it very likely that greece would default . 
  this sped up the capital flight even more , and there were very real fears of a bank-run on monday . 
  over the weeks before , greek banks had been completely emptied already , surviving solely on ela funds ( $ 89bn if i remember correctly ) . 
  for ela to already be that high , the ecb was stretching their rules paper-thin already . 
  they did n't want to be the ones to do the first political decision that could start a greek exit , so they were doing all they could to find loop-holes and keep increasing the ela ceiling , convinced a deal would come before the dead-line . 
  suddenly , greece has a bank-run on its hands and an uncooperative government arguing for a `` no '' vote , which meant `` no deal '' . 
  public opinion in the richer creditor countries was , from what i gather , mostly `` i told you so '' and `` greece should have been let go way sooner '' , and how the conditions attached to the current deal were already very good . 
  the ecb then decided that it could n't justify increasing the limit even further , * but did not freeze the ela funds * . 
  the eurogroup , * including cyprus * ( a country that has time and time again been one of the most loyal partners of greece during the negotiations ) , rejected * another * bailout extension after what they saw as a huge show of bad-will ( at least from their point-of-view ) from tsipras , especially since tsipras himself was campaigning for the `` no '' . 
  they said that the referendum in the current conditions was ridiculous , that they were not willing to pay the imf loan on the 30th without an actual deal , and how the referendum was simply tsipras trying to blackmail the eurogroup . 
  this does not look to me that `` undemocratic '' anymore . 
  the fact that cyprus also criticised the greek government together with the rest of the eurogroup says a lot about how the greek government acted in the negotiations , too . 
  my conclusion from all this , is that from the pov of the creditors , greece has acted in bad-will , called a referendum for accepting a deal after the dead-line , accepted a compromise and then left the negotiations unilaterally , is black-mailing the rest of the creditors , is campaigning for `` no '' which might indirectly mean a default , and then asks for more money . 
  though , remember , i 'm not saying all this is true - this whole story was pieced together from a ton of reports from all sides , but it 's worth remembering that i can only read stuff in english , portuguese and german , so i concede that there could be a bias and my description of the whole thing might not be the complete truth . 
  i have done my best to remove any bias without simply making stuff up . 
  ------ anyways , the matter is that , no matter who is at fault , this is a very complex situation for greece . 
  i am very sad it has come to this ... 
  i assume you 're greek ( as you 've been referring to greeks as `` we '' ) , so i wish you good luck , whatever happens . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  there is no ideal solution , sadly . 
  the thing is , such a `` cooperative '' government delays the whole issue , and opens the door for an actual solution by further integration . 
  if you build an actual fiscal union , this means that those corrupt governments ( as well as any other eu governments ) must submit to supervision of their budgets , which will make it harder to be corrupt . 
  also , i assume any fiscal union deal will include an eu-wide tax office with supervisory powers in the whole eu , similar to the irs ( otherwise the deal wo n't be enough ) , which should technically be able to go into greece and fight tax evasion/improve the tax system . 
  this is why i said that it then becomes much more politically feasible for creditors to give into the greek demands and debt restructuring - because by then you 're not fully dependent on the corrupt greek governments for managing all the bailout money , and things might actually start to improve . 
  first things first , i have n't stated that i disagree with what you say . 
  i 'm trying to look at the current situation objectively and figure out a solution . 
  no matter if the propaganda is `` bullshit '' or not , and whose fault it is - any solution has to deal with the current political situation . 
  this means that any deal has to be agreed by all parties , as well as go through all national parliaments , and the imf board . 
  nothing happens in a void , and certain decisions can be written off as being unfeasible if one of the parties would be committing political suicide . 
  everybody seems to forget it - saying the solution is to do xyz and anything else is `` stupid '' or `` undemocratic '' , something that will never happen because it would never pass all parliaments , or would be political suicide for one of the parties in the negotiations is , frankly , delusional , and helps no-one . 
   because they 've drummed up this bullshit propaganda about not giving into greece . 
  serves the motherfuckers right . 
  i hope they will squirm like the fucking worms they are . 
  how much of it is propaganda * on purpose * , though , and how much of it is simply sensationalist press ? 
  i mean , what sells more papers , an economic theory thesis with 200 pages explaining all facets of the greek crisis , or an oversimplification + populist remarks like `` greeks are lazy because they do n't want to cut pensions , but their pensions are amongst the highest in europe ? '' . 
  do n't attribute to malice what can be explained by stupidity/laziness/short-sightedness . 
  it also does n't help anything to aggressively call anyone `` fucking worms '' , especially when you 're arguing for the side with the least leverage in the negotiation . 
   they 've been doing it for years with regards to greece ( like saying they 're bailing out greece and not the european banks ) so it will not be that hard to come up with some `` creative '' ways to spin it . 
  the `` bailing out greece and not the european banks '' thesis is another example of narrative/sensationalist press , except for the opposite side of the argument .
