  i would n't be in complete disagreement for such a thing under a full-blown european federation , actually , but that 's still a long way off . 
   on average , each constituency has 222,000 german residents . 
  the federal electoral law prescribes that an average population in a constituency may not be more than 33\u00a01/3 per cent more or less than this average figure . 
  this is the absolute limit for population discrepancies . 
  if the divergence is greater , the constituency boundaries have to be altered . 
  this has often been the case . 
  [ ( source ) ] ( http://www.iuscomp.org/gla/literature/introbwg.htm ) larger countries already have a huge weight due to their economic power , so much so that they * in effect * rule the commission and the council and as such control legislative initiative in the eu . 
  giving them even more power by forcing a constant population/mep ratio would actually make it * less * democratic , not more . 
   most nuclear reactors are technology from the 60s well , that 's the problem . 
  people complain that reactors are unsafe because they are old technology , but block any attempt to build newer , much safer reactors in order to phase out the old ones - most modern ones can not melt down by design . 
  yeah . 
  i was considering ( although far from certain ) voting for the epp but that answer made me seriously reconsider s&d . i might just vote for him and his party . 
  i 'll wait for the debates between juncker and schulz , but i liked his answers during this discussion . 
  they were certainly not what i expected from a politician . 
  [ european union agrees to impose sanctions on ukrainian officials responsible for killings in kiev , diplomats say . 
  ( bbc news ) ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26280710 ) [ `` eu decides as a matter of urgency on asset freeze and visa ban on those responsible for violence and excessive force in kiev . '', 
   the solution clearly is not going to appear in the context of the current european institutional framework , which is already the result of a long historical process and no longer reflects the needs of our time . 
  its governance functions poorly , especially since europe has expanded to include 28 members . 
  its functioning resembles that of a large bureaucratic machine in which the man in street feels only marginally involved . 
  a really interesting paper , i was expecting it to be much less critical of current eu institutions . 
  it justifies its criticism rather well and suggests a path ahead to attempt and fix everything ( mostly in the medium-term ) we 're experiencing today with the current euro area crisis . 
  it certainly seems impossible reading it with all the resurgence of european skepticism we 're getting today , but the optimist in me finds it unexpectedly possible . 
  i find it interesting that it suggests that initially only 6 or so countries cede sovereignty to a federal government , on top of the eu . 
  it 's one of the things that brings these suggestions into a realm of possibility . 
  this way , it 's much easier to get those countries to agree ( especially france and germany ) . 
  the rest of the countries would ratify the constitution later , after following its political/democratic/economic requirements . 
  the whole founding process is more complex than that , of course , but the detailed way they explain it is organic enough that it should work without many problems . 
  i 'm also pretty satisfied with how they describe the federation politically . 
  the system they propose is certainly democratic and with enough checks and balances that it should actually work efficiently , unlike the current eu institutions !, 
  i suggest everyone interested in european politics read the paper - even if right now it 's nothing but a dream , it 's an incredibly interesting read . 
  i certainly wish those in power in the suggested founding countries would read it and become inspired . 
  even if my country might not be a part of it in the beginning , i 'm sure that we 'd end up joining later if it proves to be successful ( which it most likely would be , were the paper followed closely ) . 
  i just hope it wo n't be too late , when ( if ever ) europe decides to do something similar to what this paper describes . 
  this last part , talking about exactly that , gave me shivers :  if governments remain dumbstruck and refuse to act , according priority to so-called pragmatism -- in other words , addressing the situation on a day-to-day basis -- the people will end up emerging from their slumber and that will lead to a new european adventure . 
  the classic cycle has already begun : a financial crisis is followed by an economic crisis , and that in turn is followed by a social crisis , which can only lead to a political and institutional crisis . 
  in the last century that would have led to a revolution , to the collapse of democracy in many countries , and ultimately to a major world war . 
  after reading this , i 'm left wondering : * what can i ( or anyone else ) do to make this possible ? 
  * i mean , i 'm not a politician , nor do i aspire to be one , but this increasingly less popular ideal of a federalized europe ( and likely the only way europe can become strong enough to survive on a world stage , instead of just becoming puppets of other , emerging world powers ) needs to become a reality . 
  call me an idealist if you will , but that 's certainly a dream of mine i 'd hope to see become true . 
  still , i do n't really know an answer to that question , so this dream seems destined to continue being just that , a dream . 
  edit : i 've [ x-posted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europeanfederalists/comments/1xrl06/heading_towards_a_european_federation_interesting/ ) this to / r/europeanfederalists, 
   portugal = xenomorph ? 
  [ something similar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_man_o%27_war ), 
  [ seems it 's still broken . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/resissues/wiki/knownissues#wiki_vote_weights_.28username_.5b.2b1.5d.29_don.27t_change_on_upvote.2fdownvote ) i 'm assuming / u/boq patched the code manually ? 
  edit : just followed the instructions in that page , and the vote counts now work again , 
  huh , i thought those upvote counters had been disabled ? 
  they just stopped working a couple months ago and i could never find a way to re-enable them . 
  anyone knows which res setting enables them ? 
  ca n't find it in the menu . 
  yes , but it will require a change of mentality in the member states from '' * insert other country here * is forcing us to do something against our will '' into `` the majority of europeans wants this , so we 'll do it '' . 
  i do n't think we 're there yet , sadly . 
  i also do n't agree with simple majority rule at the council level without democratization through direct elections ( and 2 or 3 councillors per country ) , instead of governmental nominations , in order for the councillors to be responsible to the electorate . 
  basically , the council needs to become an actual `` upper house '' of the eu legislative branch , instead of the mix of national executive and eu legislative powers it currently has , with little democratic oversight . 
  this might happen if there is further integration or actual federalization , but until then , unanimous rule at council-level is really the only choice we have , for the reasons i mentioned in my previous comment . 
  yeah , of course . 
  never said it was n't frustrating . 
  i was just pointing out that if you criticize the eu for being `` too slow '' , then the only way to fix that would be to ignore any minority opinion by enforcing majority rule at eu level . 
  unless you think we are ready to federalize ( which i 'm personally in favor of , but we 'd need a deep restructuring of eu-level institutions , for example directly elected council members ) in order to implement a democratic ( qualified ) majority rule in the council , i do n't really mind a slow , inefficient , but unanimous eu . 
  there 's no other alternative , really . 
  that 's by design , i think . 
  basically , the whole eu system was built up to be as intergovernmental as possible , based on unanimity in the council , exactly to make sure that nobody forces through things others do n't agree to , as that could lead to the `` opposition member states '' leaving the union , or worse ( imagine germany or france being able to force through something against the other 's will ) . 
  such an approach is necessarily slow and inefficient , as it requires a very long and arduous process of negotiation before any decision is taken . 
  of course , some crises need a quick response , and for those such a system is not very well adapted . 
  the other alternative would be majority rule in both chambers of the eu , in the veins of an actual federal state . 
  although the lisbon treaty did remove the unanimity requirements in some areas of the council , it still requires a qualified majority , and member states are still afraid to force through non-unanimous decisions in order not to anger the opposing member states ( the only time it has happened since qualified majority became a possibility was for juncker 's nomination , with the uk 's and hungary 's vote against ) . 
  additionally , it seems that  `` hotspots '' in italy and greece now have the necessary legal basis to start working . 
  according to http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/voting-calculator/ the fact that the uk abstains changes nothing . 
  they still need 65 % of the population and 16 votes for . 
  feasible , though . 
  assuming the whole eastern europe votes against , and uk abstains , there 's still 16 countries left . 
  germany . 
  but let me be clear , it was n't all that common , only happened `` more than a few times '' , slightly over a dozen , maybe . 
  mostly from nationals from countries on the opposite side of europe , or even the students from outside europe ( pakistan and china , for example ) . 
  i do n't really blame them , portugal is a small unimportant country nowadays , and i 'm also somewhat hazy on the balkans , or for example , the order of estonia , latvia and lithuania from north-to-south ( and yes , i had to double-check that on the map while writing this post ) . 
  `` the tiny rectangle next to spain '' . 
  i actually had to explain it more than a few times during my erasmus year , many people were n't able to connect `` portugal '' with the actual geographical location , so i had to use spain to help them out . 
  interestingly , everybody knew that cristiano ronaldo is portuguese , though , even those who had no idea in which part of europe portugal is located . 
  and portugal is part of spain . 
  so let me go through the quotes one by one . 
  that 's what the scotus is supposed to do . 
  he 's stating that if people think the constitution is wrong , then they should amend it . 
  nothing to do with judicial review ? 
  that 's exactly what i stated - if the constitution is wrong ( or is being interpreted by the scotus wrongly ) , then you just amend it , as has been done multiple times in the past ... 3 . 
  he still does not state how this ideal `` meaning is known '' universe would come to be , because as far as i know we 're not living in an utopia , nor was the constitution written in mathematical formulas . 
  he also states `` a law violating a constitution established by the people themselves , would be considered by the judges as null & void . 
  '' , which means that the judges do have some power to declare laws unconstitutional , he never mentions , however , how they are to decide if its unconstitutional . 
  now , let me quote some more :  '' [ federal judges ] would have a sufficient check against encroachments on their own department by their exposition of the laws , which involved a power of deciding on their constitutionality . 
  in some states the judges had actually set aside laws , as being against the constitution . '', 
  -- elbridge gerry  [ a ] s to the constitutionality of laws , that point will come before the judges in their official character . 
  in this character they have a negative on the laws . 
  join them with the executive in the revision , and they will have a double negative . 
  -- luther martin  [ federal judges ] could declare an unconstitutional law void . 
  but with regard to every law however unjust oppressive or pernicious , which did not come plainly under this description , they would be under the necessity as judges to give it a free course . 
  -- george madison in all , fifteen delegates from nine states made comments regarding the power of the federal courts to review the constitutionality of laws . 
  all but two of them supported the idea that the federal courts would have the power of judicial review , and those two never gave alternatives . 
   the two delegates who disapproved judicial review , john dickinson and john mercer , did not propose a provision prohibiting judicial review . 
  during the state ratification conventions , they acknowledged that under the final constitution , the courts would have the power of judicial review . 
  -- prakash and yoo , `` the origins of judicial review '' , 70 u. of chicago law review , p. 943 . 
  ------------  beats me .
