  you made some mistake here , the council of course has the same legitimacy as the council :p, 
   the entire new regime would come under the authority of a new post of euro commissioner who would be answerable to eurozone meps who , in turn , would need to have a separate sub-chamber in the european parliament . 
  they seem to be suggesting approaching a real parliamentary system for the eurozone , i.e. 
  a ( small ) government answerable to the directly elected parliament . 
  if so , it 's at least a step forward in fixing the `` bureaucrats living outside the society that has to live with their decisions '' problem . 
   the entire new regime would come under the authority of ** a new post of euro commissioner who would be answerable to eurozone meps ** who , in turn , would need to have a separate sub-chamber in the european parliament . 
  wait , am i reading this correctly ? 
  do they actually want to start building an actual parliamentary system with a government accountable to the parliament ? 
  this is the right way forward , but completely unexpected considering how much member states love to use the council to push through legislation . 
  i 've noticed that as well . 
  the parliament is the undemocratic one in the eyes of many eurosceptics , though , i guess in part because of it being the scapegoat for most things . 
   exactly . 
  junker is essential pm of europe now . 
  the main issue is that his cabinet is not drawn from parliament - but chosen by member states . 
  exactly . 
  that 's what i meant when i said that the commission should become a government in a parliamentary system with the euparl , 
  assuming we want the eu to stay , moving away from the council into the parliament can only be a good thing . 
  since the parliament has grabbed * de facto * power over choosing the commission president , it 's a good thing that juncker is actually doing * something * , unlike the previous commission , almost a slave to the member state governments ... 
  i 'm , of course , assuming , that the parliament manages to grab more powers over the commission , coming closer to having the commission be an actual government in a parliamentary system with the eu parliament . 
  nevertheless , juncker seems to be doing some good work , so i 'm all for it :  juncker 's strategy , some officials in berlin speculate , is to cast greece as a humanitarian crisis . 
  that would justify more direct intervention by the commission and shift negotiations away from a confrontational debtor-creditor dynamic . 
   the commission president would also like to take the imf out of the equation , something athens is also pushing for . 
  the imf 's involvement in the bailout has been controversial from the beginning . 
  critics see it as too rigid . 
  europe should be able to manage the crisis on its own , they argue . 
  yup , that 's why i 've posted articles from lqdn so many times in the last few weeks ( i 'm actually somewhat worried i might start getting removed for repeatedly spamming the same site ahah ) . 
  they 're probably the best place for us to keep track of what is going on with net neutrality . 
   the trialogue of june , the 2nd trialogue so far , was supposed to be the last one in order to come to an agreement on the eu regulation on telecommunications . 
  the negotiations are now particularly difficult since it became clear that the eu council -- composed of eu member states -- did not want to enshrine the principle of net neutrality into law , unlike the last american developments . 
   ** the european parliament has held so far its position from april 2014 on preservation of freedom and non-discrimination and stood up firmly not to sell out the fundamental rights of citizens to an internet free of discriminations . 
  ** it seems that the parliament has been hearing us and is standing up against the council in the negotiations !, 
  [ please keep telling them your opinions !, 
  ] ( https://savetheinternet.eu/ ) show them you agree , and want them to continue to stand up for our rights !, 
  it 's funny though , that when the parliament tries to grab some power from the council ( like with the juncker nomination ) , all the eurosceptics seem to be against it because somehow that 's undemocratic ... 
   the negotiations on net neutrality comes to the end in june with next and probably final trialogue expected on 2nd of june . 
  there 's not much time left !, 
   the 8 meps ^ 2 currently involved in the trialogue negotiations must absolutely respect the commitment of the european parliament . 
   [ ... ]  la quadrature du net urges citizens from all the european union [ to call ] ( https://savetheinternet.eu/ ) the 8 meps through the ongoing piphone campaign to ask them to save the internet . 
  ** we all need to mobilize before the next and maybe last trialogue that will take place on june 2nd . 
  **  [ ... ]  2 - pilar del castillo ( es - epp ) , marisa matias ( pt - gue/ngl ) , michel reimon ( au - greens/efa ) , patrizjia toia ( it - s&d ) , dario tampburrano ( it - efdd ) , jens rohde ( dk - alde ) , vicky ford ( uk - ecr ) , petra kammerevert ( de - s&d ) if you care at all for net neutrality , [ please phone the meps responsible for the trialogue negotiations ] ( https://piphone.lqdn.fr/campaign/call2/netneutrality_2015 ) . 
  alternatively , [ e-mail them or send them a tweet ] ( https://savetheinternet.eu ) , * make your voice heard somehow * . 
  if one of the meps responsible is from your country , consider talking to them specifically and in your native language . 
  shit . 
  i love my olives and olive oil . 
  last thing some countries in europe need right now is an olive crisis ... 
  in portugal , translated literally , we use `` relative majority '' ( largest party , but less than 50 % ) , `` absolute majority '' ( over 50 % , which means they can rule alone ) and `` qualified majority '' ( over 2/3 , which allows for example modifying the constitution ) . 
  leader has a somewhat dictatorial tone . 
  he is more like the prime minister of the eu , as he heads the commission , which is sort of like the eu 's government , and he was also elected by the euparl . 
  where is that in the treaties ? 
  the lisbon treaty did n't remove co-decision . 
  it actually made the council equal to the parliament on all decisions , unlike before ... 
  i consider that an improvement . 
  and please do n't spout obvious lies like `` the european constitution was rejected in referendums because the council was becoming even more powerful '' . 
  according to exit polls after the referenda , that 's complete bullshit . 
  also , fun fact : the constitution was put to referendum in a total of 4 countries ... 2 of them * overwhelmingly passed * . 
  that you say otherwise shows how uninformed you are on the subject of the eu constitution/lisbon treaty, 
  council decisions are very very rarely taken without consensus ( the juncker vote was one of the few exceptions ) , so if the council is going ahead with this law i seriously doubt your government has put forth much resistance . 
  until lisbon the treaties actually required consensus for basically everything !, 
  to be clear , i 'm not disputing what you 've said , as i do n't know either way , but do you have a source ? 
  i 'd be interested in reading it . 
  it 's just that it seems unlikely any government is actually fighting strongly against this . 
  votewatch.eu has a very extensive record of the euparl and eucouncil votes . 
  though net neutrality still has n't gone to a vote in the council . 
  the council traditionally decides with consensus ( exception : the juncker vote ) , so they basically negotiate internally and in secret until then . 
  the article i posted actually links to a leaked internal draft , as it 's not supposed to be public yet . 
  but yes , you can see who votes for what . 
  i completely agree . 
  i personally try to differentiate it whenever possible , but i actually care - many of my friends ca n't distinguish the council from the commission , sadly , for them it 's basically the same thing . 
  maybe in 5 years , during the next parliamentary election . 
  the parliament managed to grab the commission appointment powers for itself , so i expect the next election will have much more eu-wide coverage . 
  as for the title , i just copied the article 's title word for word . 
  they probably used `` the eu '' because people actually know what it means , unlike `` the council '' . 
  probably not , though your government 's representatives in the council could attempt to block the legislation , or side with the parliament . 
  though , the council seems to be speaking with a unified voice on this matter , so it 's likely your government agrees , and actually would n't mind restricting net neutrality while blaming the eu back home . 
  that , or they just do n't care , and think there 's better issues on which to use their political capital in the council . 
  it 's a good way for governments to take unpopular measures without suffering electorally for it , and where i personally believe a considerable part of that `` eu democratic deficit '' people love to talk about comes from . 
  yes , that 's mostly the reason why . 
  the euparl is more accountable than the council because the member states ' governments can blame everything on the eu so that their decisions effectively have no electoral consequences , while the euparl parliamentary groups can not . 
  yes , the parliament is in favor of net neutrality . 
  thing is , the eu works with a co-decision system , where * both * the council ( eu member states ' governments ) and the parliament ( directly elected ) have to agree on a law for it to pass . 
  the parliament passed a great net neutrality legislation a while back , but now it 's the council 's turn to have a say , and they seem to have listened to the big telecom companies instead of those who elected them back home . 
  as for the roaming packages , that 's also something the council disagrees with the parliament on , and therefore it still has n't passed . 
  the way i understood it from the article , it seems that the council wants to reach an agreement where they cede on one point ( roaming ) , but in turn want the parliament to cede on another ( net neutrality ) . 
  whether the parliament will agree depends on how much of the original bill they passed was because the parliamentary elections were approaching , or whether they actually care . 
  we 're talking about politicians here , so the first is probably more likely . 
  still , the eu parliament has shown itself to be surprisingly prone to siding with the voters ( when compared to the council ) , so who knows . 
  standing up to the council successfully could also allow them to position themselves as the `` real '' democratic institution in the eu , and grab some further * de facto * power relative to the council . 
  net neutrality and roaming would probably be two good issues for them to take a stand on , as they 're relatively popular in the electorate . 
  they might be able to achieve something similar to the last elections where they forced the council to appoint juncker as the commission president , grabbing the * de facto * commission presidency appointment power , with the council being delegated to a simple veto . 
  you do n't necessarily have a voice when it comes to the council directly . 
  they consist of the member state 's ( elected ) governments , so you need to convince your own government that they are making the wrong decision ( and that 's not exactly easy when their decision has little electoral consequence ) . 
  as for the parliament , [ you should contact your representatives ] ( https://savetheinternet.eu/ ) and tell them you want them to stand up for the net neutrality bill without conceding any point to the council . 
  there * is * [ this on-going campaign ... ] ( https://savetheinternet.eu/ ), 
  as always , the member states ' governments are trying to screw us over :  article 1 : in the objective and scope , the council removes all reference to `` safeguard of end-users ' rights '' and `` non-discriminatory treatment of traffic '' whereas it should appears as one of the main principles of the regulation . 
   article 2 : the council removes the net neutrality definition and all references to net neutrality . 
  an `` open internet '' ( art. 1 ) does not guarantee transparency and non-discriminatory measures . 
   [ ... ] this is unacceptable . 
  if you agree , [ please contact your representatives ] ( https://savetheinternet.eu/ ) . 
  portugal 's gdp is growing by 1.4 % ? 
  that 's much more than i expected .
