  thing is if you 're unemployed for more than a year the benefits time out and you declared to no longer a part of the workforce . 
  there are a lot of people in the us that have been unemployed for more than a year but no longer count in the unemployment rate . 
  i 've seen estimates that say our real unemployment rate ranges somewhere between 15 % to 30 % . 
  it 's not a good situation . 
  guess i 'm a bit behind on my military news . 
  thank god it got cancelled . 
  those things were possibly the greatest example out there of unnecessary military spending . 
  still we spent 20 billion too much on the damned things . 
  zumwalt himself believed in the use of cost effective combat ships . 
  making a retardedly expensive ship with every experimental piece of technology attached to it , and naming it after zumwalt is about as retarded as letting the federal reserve become a private bank , adopting a paper fiat currency , and putting andrew jackson 's face on it . 
  the problem is that despite the massive amount of money thrown at the military we ca n't get our troops what they actually need . 
  we 've suffered from an out of control military industrial complex , resulting in the us starting more wars and blindly throwing money at defense contractors . 
  one of the best examples i can think of for pointless spending is the new class of destroyers we 're making . 
  each one is a multi-billion dollar project , and they 're hardly any better than our existing ones that cost a lot less . 
  on the opposite end you ask any mechanized infantryman about our apcs and they 'll be able to rant for hours about how they rarely have more than a quarter of their vehicles functional , if they have them at all . 
  we dump money on stupidly expensive projects that are not worth the returns , while our troops do n't get what they actually need . 
  maybe i mixed something up when reading through the thread but it sounded like you were from here . 
  my bad . 
  still my point stands . 
  the way the us developed is cost effective if nothing else so without vigilance it could spread anywhere . 
  you 're right . 
  we only trash the place than put puppets that do our bidding in charge , and if they get inconvenient we do it again . 
  are n't we such a morally superior people !, 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  best move is to not play the game and get out while you can . 
  the suburbs in california are built to get knocked over and replace with apartment buildings , and those buildings will be made to get knocked over and replaced with bigger ones . 
  do what you can to get out while you can . 
  find a town that has a heart in it and never let it go . 
  take part in your local government in fight the soulless urbanization tooth and nail . 
  maybe if enough people leave then when the knock-over houses start to fall apart they do n't get replaced with more soulless city . 
  like it or not our country is run by the market and this urban design will only stop when people vote with their wallets . 
  also on my previous post i added an edit about what i think is the root of political problems in the us . 
  a lot of us cities are soulless things . 
  part of the problem is we had very few large cities until the industrial revolution hit us . 
  cities were build for factories not people . 
  we did it again in second world war , building california into a massive pile of infrastructure and manpower to build war materials . 
  berlin , frankfurt , paris , etcetera all slowly grew over hundreds of years . 
  almost every american city got built in a day for industry . 
  i 'd say move to the countryside if you can . 
  the concrete jungles were not made for people . 
  they 're soulless husks made from when people were treated like cattle , or were made for war . 
  edit : for the political problems i think the answer comes down to bureaucracy . 
  we ca n't agree on a system so we compromise , making a system tgat in theory pleases both sides but is a bureaucratic nightmare that wastes massive amounts of money and is unable to reach its intended target . 
  taxes ? 
  the little guy gets screwed over while the rich can jump through hoops to pay next to nothing . 
  welfare ? 
  huge amount of the money goes to the bureaucrats and the people that actually need it are fucked over . 
  i think the best answer to out political problems is to gut the entire system and make a new , simplistic system that is n't weighted down but an endless amount of bureaucratic red tape . 
  top kek, 
  as far as i 'm aware it 's mostly an american thing . 
  it 's been far too unbelievable for me . 
  i can see your point . 
  i 'm dead set so i could deny evidence when it 's presented . 
  the problem is that they have n't show us any evidence yet . 
  what can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
  we have the cia saying that russia interfered with our election , as if putin himself got on a laptop and changed the results in key states . 
  they claim the russians compromised the election without presenting the people a single slice of evidence . 
  now the mainstream media wants us to believe this message , that sounds like it was made by joe mccarthy himself , without any evidence presented to the people . 
  if the russians really did compromise our election than for the integrity of the republic show the fucking proof . 
  unless i see undeniable proof that the russians compromised the election than i think it 's a lie . 
  i do n't think the us is stable right now . 
  i do n't listen to our propaganda services anymore . 
  you learn more about a country by talking to the people their , which is easy these days . 
  the us is in for bad times no matter what but it seems everyone in power wants to crash and burn as spectacularly as possible . 
  i could rant for a while about the bad shit in the us but this is / r/europe . 
  all i said is the eu 's future looks shaky do now might not be the best time to join . 
  i do n't think the entire union is about to explode . 
  call me a dumb uninformed american if you want to but this what i see looking at tbe eu right now . 
  the uk is leaving , they 're just taking their time about it . 
  in france there seems to be a lot of support for the party that is primarily interested in leaving the eu , and something similar happening in the netherlands . 
  there is also italy 's government getting shaken up with the pm resigning . 
  maybe i 'm an idiot that does n't know enough to realise i 'm an idiot but it looks like the eu 's future is n't the brightest . 
  it seems like a bad idea to join the eu with how unstable it 's future seems . 
  american news and government are trying their best to invalidate our election . 
  all they 've done is point a finger a russia , said `` he did it '' , and now expect us to believe them . 
  i say extraordinary claims need extraordinary evidence but no one will show the american people a thing . 
  `` just believe good old uncle sam . 
  the russians put a puppet into our government and we ca n't show you any of the proof . 
  trust us we got your best interests in heart '' . 
  if anyone tries to invalidate the election without showing everyone definitive proof it will be civil war . 
  to me it seems like a real bad time to join the eu . 
  the uk is going to leave in some form or another , italy 's future is uncertain , and france and the netherlands might soon leave . 
  i just feel joining when the eu is this unstable is a bad move . 
  reddit is n't the only place i look around online but a lot of western media portrays poland as a backwards place . 
  there are edgy people that hate their own country on the internet from every corner of the world which i can normally ignore . 
  as i said i do n't get why poland gets portrayed so bad by the media but when i look into it the country seems to be doing well for itself . 
  i do n't get it . 
  on top of that i believe if you make an exception to your rights you lose said rights . 
  any censorship is bad censorship . 
  also more directly to what you said . 
  sure in america you can wave a nazi flag , shave your head and tattoo an iron cross onto your head ; but all that literally tells everyone in half a kilometer that your a skinhead nazi . 
  if you censor them than they hide and have try and blend in with society . 
  if i was n't on my phone i 'd link the `` you are all equally worthless '' clip from full metal jacket . 
  i do n't really understand why poland is continuously portrayed similar to the stereotypes of the southern us . 
  i get that poland is a very religious country but i keep hearing bad things about the place and do n't understand why . 
  for the post-soviet states it 's one of the ones doing better for itself . 
  i do n't know how relevant this is to europe but in america we have the concept of tyranny of the majority . 
  cities and rural areas have different wants and needs . 
  problem in the us is that the people the cities elect rarely give a damn about the rural areas . 
  they implement policy that makes city life a bit better but often lay waste to small towns .
