  to pay for what the cities want a tax gets implemented which is a slight hit to companies in the cities but the small businesses in the rural areas it could be devastating . 
  i 've seen towns where one business has to close it 's doors then every other business in the town starts to collapse now that the primary source of income is gone . 
  the cities benefit at the expense of small town america . 
  edit : i should add that i 'm not saying cities should n't vote . 
  i 'm just trying to explain why relations between urban america and rural america are so bloody . 
  the problem is reddit has a habit of creating echo chambers . 
  i mean look at / politics and / the_donald . 
  both are giant echo chambers . 
  almost any sub with any political leaning will be nearly exclusive to that idea . 
  i 've never been to / altrighg but i 'll assume it 's full stormfront territory . 
  with / the_donald i can at least say that some have extremist views that the rest tolerate while opposition is suppressed . 
  this allows the extremist views to be much more visible and the entire conversation one sided . 
  political subs are really the worst at discussing politics . 
  thanks for the warning joe mccarthy . 
  i want less goverment power at all levels . 
  i think goverment should be less involved in the lives of people , not more . 
  some of the earliest american coins minted said `` mind your business '' ( back then the `` own '' was n't a part of the phrase ) . 
  that 's pretty much my relationship with goverment . 
  they should fuck off and be less involved . 
  i 'm just simply more worried about the larger entities getting more powerful because they can fuck things over harder , and are harder to remove if they become tyrannical . 
  you told me at some point earlier that i should stand by my convictions and now i 'm doing so . 
  i do think globalism is destroying people 's cultures . 
  it 's not by outlawing it ( except in the case in germany where their anti-nazi censorship laws are growing instead of diminishing ) . 
  cultures are being destroyed through subversion of the people . 
  again germany is a great example of this . 
  they get told they need to let all these refugees into their country to make up for the bad things they did in the past , so the open the floodgates without doing anything to see who these people are . 
  the actual syrians fleeing from their war torn land i have no problem with but the majority of people coming in are n't from syria , they 're people that see an opportunity to exploit the good will of other . 
  this is before we begin to factor in the islamic extremist groups that flat out say that they want to move into these countries that allow these refugees in and simply out-breed the local population , become the majority and implement sharia law . 
  the politicians are at best ignorant of this and at worst want this because , like the roman empire , they wish to destroy the local cultures so that the people are easier to rule . 
  also we 're seeing clear evidence nationalism is on the rise . 
  maybe this is the death throws of an old ideology , maybe it is n't . 
  i say let 's let history decide . 
  i do n't trust authority . 
  you do n't need to read between the lines and think i 'm worried about the eu becoming more powerful than america . 
  if it happen it happens . 
  i just hope if america loses its place as the leading superpower its replacement does a better job of being just and fair than we have been . 
  we 've fucked up bad . 
  we got greedy politicians that start wars for profit and fuck people over for fun . 
  i simply worry about more power going to a higher goverment because i do not trust authority . 
  i do not trust people with power , political or economic , though these days what 's the difference . 
  i do n't trust my own country 's federal goverment taking more power away from the states . 
  it 's power going into the hands of less people . 
  i already do n't trust people in power , but when they try to get more power that takes it to another level for me . 
  you can call it paranoia if you want to but trusting politicians is suicidally retarded if you ask me . 
  it 's the constant battle . 
  more power in the hands of fewer people means if/when that power gets corrupted it 's more harmful . 
  a smaller more decentralized government half less capacity for tyranny but has a lack of oversight and is less effective . 
  if it is more centralized power than it 's easier to punish the abuse of power on the lower level and more able to accomplish goals , but if the higher level gets corrupted it has the capacity to be much more tyrannical . 
  voltaire said the greatest form of goverment is an enlightened monarch . 
  if someone truly wishes for the good of the people and how the knowledge to do it than he having absolute power would end well for everyone involved . 
  problem is to give that much power to one person allows them to do horrifying things . 
  absolute power has absolute results . 
  i get it . 
  not everyone that is n't a fan of the eu magically great . 
  i hate the uk 's laws that allow surveillance of it 's own people . 
  i hate that in the us our goverment does at much as it can while still being technically legal . 
  i just think with the eu founding it 's own military force it 's starting to look less like an economic union and more like a single country . 
  it 's more power going to less people . 
  i think power is a dangerous thing and we should keep it from belonging to fewer and fewer people . 
  i just do n't like seeing one building in belgium gain more power over an entire continent 's might . 
  i get it . 
  there are some bad groups that are moving with this big push to nationalism . 
  the thing is nationalism does n't need to be xenophobic . 
  i value my way of life but i also think other ways of life have equal right to exist . 
  it would n't be fair for anyone involved to push for globalism because someone will end up with their way of life being destroyed . 
  someone in the kongo has the same rights to their way of life as someone from japan , india , poland , france , germany , mexico , brazil , or america or anywhere else . 
  they all have the right to live their way of life and right now globalism seeks to destroy this . 
  i think we can be proud of who we our without hating others . 
  the most important part is to keep ourselves in check and to keep power in check . 
  i think we can make a peaceful world without destroying everyone 's culture . 
  i know things have n't always been great . 
  i try not to pretend that the past was perfect but these are the values i was raised on and they 're the values i wish to uphold . 
  i do n't trust governments to uphold these values , in fact i do n't trust government at all . 
  regardless of this america was founded on those principles and even though i do n't trust our goverment to uphold them if people do n't believe in these values than they truly are dead . 
  you can call it me delusional or an idealist but i 've stopped caring about what people call me ; i 've gotten desensitized to it finally . 
  i believe in the american way not because it 's always been true or perfect but because i feel these are values that are worth upholding . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm fully disillusioned about america 's past but every country has dark chapters in their history . 
  i want to see a future where my country upholds the values it was founded on . 
  the only way to make that happen is for people to believe that these values can be upheld and demand they be upheld . 
  we need our elected officials to be good people that will follow these values . 
  maybe this is all me being idealistic but i believe that it 's a positive way of thinking . 
  things will only change if people make it change and that will only happen if they believe . 
  as for the risks of nationalism that you seem concerned about i think the best countermeasure to that us to have a weaker less centralized goverment . 
  out in america we 've got a lot of push to having the federal goverment solve more of our problems , but that 's just been making them more powerful and corruption their more painful for everyone else . 
  i see a similar problem with the eu . 
  the eu keeps getting more powerful , allowing more power to go to less people . 
  the more centralized the power the more dangerous it gets . 
  if we keep it decentralized and weaker it will be much harder for a dictator to take control . 
  i 'll point you to my other comment where i elaborated on it a bit more . 
  everyone has the rights to life , liberty , and happiness . 
  in america we believe these are inalienable human rights . 
  they 're for everyone , not just us . 
  america is just one country in a big world so we are n't able to guarantee this for everyone else . 
  just look at what has happens when we try . 
  in the last 20 years we 've done nothing but cause wars that destroy nations . 
  i could rant on for a long time about what i feel is responsible but to give you the short version it 's the military industrial complex . 
  our country has suffered from unchecked corruption in our goverment causing it to betray the values it was founded on . 
  i do n't blame the soldiers that were sent overseas and fed propaganda for why it all went to shit . 
  it 's the politicians that fucked everyone over . 
  i know america has done bad for a while but this country was founded on the principle of life , liberty , and happiness , and maybe someday soon we 'll clean up our act and start to represent those values again .
