i sometimes lurk around on the parts of the internet where they 're more common and it seems that le pen 's supporters have been theory crafting how to give her the best possible chances for the second round . 
  one of the ideas that seemed to be more viable was to drive wedges between other parties to make it harder for people to vote for `` not le pen '' . 
  of course that would n't be easy with there being massive wedges between fn and pretty much every other party . 
  another thing they want to do us enlist support from everywhere possible to give le pen a much greater social media presence . 
  with how much of a role social media played in the us election i 'd say trying to bolster presence there could be effective . 
  i 'm not sure how effective any of this has been or will be but i thought it be interesting to share . 
  couple of different things that all add up . 
  first our country 's poor are really poor , so they ca n't get internet . 
  next we have a lot of extremely rural areas that do n't have many options for internet service . 
  finally we have few demographics that just have no interest , like the amish and the rednecks/trailer trash . 
  do you think i want to defend alex jones ? 
  he 's info-tainment at best . 
  his show is at least half propaganda but i will at least give him credit because he followed the most important rule of propaganda which is to have it be based on the truth . 
  he still spins it to the moon and back but at least his biases are obvious and consistent . 
  for example , he rants about how the processed food we eat is intentionally depriving us of vitamins that we need to be smart and strong , then he goes to the break where he plays an ad for his vitamin supplements . 
  no one can argue processed foods are n't good for you , especially in america , but he spins it to make it seem more urgent when you see his adverts . 
  again i do n't want to defend alex but we 're at the point where i have to . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but over here you hear about the `` fake news '' almost daily and they specifically attack alex jones and his show . 
  because how little faith americans have in the mainstream news it has only made him more credible in the eyes of the public . 
  i have to admit it 's had that effect on me but i only see him as slighly more credible than the daily show when they had john steward as host , which is that it 's entertaining and there is some information in there , though it gets spinned to the moon and back . 
  i get it . 
  there is real fake news but , at least in the united states , it 's being used by the mainstream media as a cover to attack underground media . 
  i 've seen constant attacks on the underground media , where they throw the creditable sites in with serbian blogs . 
  the only interpretation i can make is they want to get the competition banned , or poison the well so much that people stop going to the underground media . 
  why the ministry of truth of course . 
  the majority of the underground media does seem to have a heavy right spin on it but i have seem some underground news sites that have a more leftist spin to them . 
  i do n't know if the mainstream is calling them fake or not . 
  honestly this `` fake news '' bullshit was the final nail in the coffin for me ever trusting the big corporate media groups so i have n't listened to a word they 've said . 
  problem is politicians want you to be dumb so they can manipulate the people . 
  if people were thinking critically while watching the evening news they would quickly realise the crazy amout of spin there is and drop it . 
  maybe this does n't apply to you but in america if you start thinking critically while watching/reading the news you 'll be disgusted with it in month . 
  problem is that mainstream news lies a lot as well . 
  the only ethical path foward is to do nothing , except encourage people to think more critically about the media they consume . 
  of course if people start thinking critically while watching the evening news than they 'll realise how much spin there is and likely drop it entirely . 
  there is a reason the public thinks alex jones is a more trustworthy news source than cnn and msnbc . 
  america thinks that poorly of our mainstream news . 
  it is a private bank that has control over the united states dollar . 
  it is literally giving the value of a nation 's currency to a private bank . 
  i do n't think i need to elaborate too much on why that 's completely idiotic . 
  maybe i 'm a dumb american but i do n't really see how she is far right . 
  i get that she is fairly nationalistic but from what i 've seen her domestic policy is pretty much socialism . 
  i honestly have no idea how things are going to look in a few years . 
  we have a growing libertarian movement , essentially wanting to gut the government 's power back to something similar to america 's founding . 
  they 're also the only group in america that wants to end the federal reserve which is something we should have done a century ago . 
  essentially both of america 's major parties are so broken we have people moving to far left and right extremes . 
  on the left we have some actual leftist ( wanting to follow the european model essentially ) , socialists that want a full planned economy , and on the fringes we have true proper communists . 
  meanwhile on the right we have some actual conservatives ( not to be confused with the neocons that want to suck off big business and start wars ) , we have libertarians which i explained earlier , and on the extreme fringe we have full scale anarchists . 
  right now it looks like the actual leftists might have a change to gain momentum , but at the same time it looks like the next generation of americans is going to have a strong right leaning . 
  i honestly do n't know whats going to happen . 
  maybe the leftists will gain enough momentum to implement policy that actually changes this country . 
  maybe the country 's right winged youth will take hold and we 'll see the country look more like it used to . 
  whether it brings up to a harsher past or a more prosperous time is yet to be determined . 
  either way interesting times are ahead . 
  i know the federal reserve 's power is n't competently uncontested but i honestly believe that the us should simply end the federal reserve . 
  they have massive ability to manipulate the dollar . 
  i may believe in smaller goverment but the currency is not something that should be handed to the private market . 
  i 've seen some farmers markets that looked a lot like this , just with pick-up trucks . 
  well at least they would be paying their taxes to someone , assuming the us straighten out its own tax code . 
  while i personally believe a free market a better economic path i still think we should fuck the bankers . 
  they hold a disgusting amount of power over nations . 
  hell in the united states the federal reserve , the place that controls the us dollar , is a private bank . 
  the bankers need their power curtailed . 
  part of the problem is that they forgot that the us is a republic and forgot to analyze the states where it was important . 
  that and they also used skewed demographics in the polling based on the last couple decades elections . 
  that works when the status quo will be , for the most part , maintained regardless of result , but the status quo was failing many people this year so a change candidate would naturally have an advantage . 
  with how close it was in many of the deciding states simply not being as scandal ridden as clinton would have probably been enough to surpass trump . 
  secondary sanders ' primary campaign promise was directed straight at the rust belt , where trump won the election . 
  with the option of two candidates that were directly addressing their problems the traditionally leftist regions would likely side with the leftist candidate . 
  instead we had the reality where it was a neo-liberal candidate that wanted to continue the same path that had hurt those states against a fiscally right-winged candidate that directly addressed their problems and wanted to fix them . 
  of course i 'm no expert , this is just armchair analysis but i feel decently confident in my reasoning . 
  if you think i 'm wrong tell me why . 
  maybe i 'm too young and that it 's so far away but i really do n't understand all the fear of russia . 
  i know they are the second largest nuclear power but their economy is n't that good , and with poor economy their military relevance will eventually decline as well . 
  the picture i 've seen is russia is a big country that is slowly losing strength and is exerting the limited power it has left to try and put itself on better footing . 
  i know the kremlin does some nasty things but so does capitol hill here . 
  from parts of the internet where russians are more common i hear a lot about how they hate the cities built by the communist regime and many move off away to the villages in the countryside . 
  i do n't really see how the country will remain a major power , outside its nuclear arsenal , for much longer . 
  it 's obvious that the kremlin wanted trump to win over clinton . 
  clinton ranted about how she was going to hard on this russian aggression while trump did n't care too much about what they do . 
  for sake of discussion let 's just assume the near worse-case scenario . 
  trump is a useful idiot that got assisted through a kremlin sponsored propaganda campaign . 
  the economic status of the united states would continue to decline , and russia would have much less opposition on the global stage . 
  so what . 
  i do n't think that would save russia from its own economic decline , though it may slow it . 
  russia has nearly every natural resource it could need plus enough population and land to become an economic powerhouse but it remains one of the continents weaker economies . 
  i just fail to see how russia is as big as a threat as people make it out to be . 
  also did n't russia drop off the top five military spenders of the world a few weeks ago ? 
  i remember reading something about that but i 'm not sure . 
  i voted trump but i think sanders would have beaten trump . 
  yes we do n't know for sure what would have happened but i feel confident when i say sanders would won . 
  i doubt there was much dirt to dig up on him . 
  his message was also directed straight at the rust belt , which is where trump won the election . 
  i think we all know there are better solutions out there but the people in power do n't seem interested in that . 
  i do hope someone gets elected that can make things right but the longer it takes the more likely the chosen solution will be the final solution . 
  people are getting angry . 
  how long will it be before that anger manifests as something horrifying ? 
  at this point when hearing about this sort of news all i feel is rage . 
  many polls showed that sanders would have done very well in the rust belt states , pennsylvania and maybe ohio , which are what handed trump the election . 
  the united states tracks unemployment in a retarded way . 
  when people talk about unemployment in the us they look at those on unemployment benefits .
