  not really , it 's not my hypothesis , it 's dilatory_tactics ' . 
  fucking power bricks, 
  is n't that standard with mobile apps ? 
  on android i can install the same paid apps on multiple devices at the same time, 
  hey , welding is lots of fun , and the continuous strive to improve your skill is very stimulating . 
  the only problem is that there is no chance of career , the entry pay is very similar to what you 'll get after years of work . 
  it 's the unskilled jobs that nobody wants . 
  machete . 
  kills . 
  and american, 
  in italia ? 
  i ciclisti in strada quando c ' \u00e8 la pista ciclabile, 
  non so se sia nato prima l'uovo o la gallina . 
  ... and brown . 
  let 's just hope / home had its own partition, 
  it does n't have a poor suburb , except maybe the area of via palermo and in some way the area of piazzale picelli , but there still are some areas where i would n't go after dark if i were a girl . 
  still , no criminality of note . 
  if you like art there 's a shitload of things to see , even more than the residents often realize . 
  otherwise if you like to have fun , you 'll soon get to know the local clubs ( in italy we usually call them discos ) , after all it 's a very small city . 
  the arguably best clubs are outside the city i believe , but i do n't really do clubbing so i do n't know . 
  foreign students often meet at the tonic club ( bar ? ), 
  near via farini , but it 's a boring place , imho . 
  yeah , i guess that if you 're used to turin , there 's quite the difference !, 
  you do n't have to wake up in a zip code adjacent to the one before . 
  you just have to make sure you can reach a new unvisited one before you rise . 
  it would catch what is getting inside through said exploit, 
  no , please do n't . 
  incredibile . 
  if it works in italy , it can work everywhere . 
  i knew the song just because of the movie , but it 's a great song, 
  sarcasm detector readings are getting erratic, 
  e la guardia medica ? 
  altri medici in ambulatorio ? 
  here , have an upward arrow for your troubles, 
  it 's just because dead people ca n't defend themselves , so it 's seen as impolite to criticize or offend them, 
  well , that 's the same for me , but i 've also heard conversations akin to the one in the video from female acquaintances of mine . 
  every time he tries to rape someone, 
  and carry a big stick, 
  i 'm really sick of this appliance-phone mindset . 
  we have in our pockets mini-computers with incredible hardware capabilities , but using them fully is taboo , because `` that 's not what the manufacturer intended '' . 
  fuck that . 
  just use usb otg with a mouse, 
  yeah , but they 're there for the food and the drinks, 
  t and tx are flagship phones , not budget at all, 
  sony released phones with slightly outdated hardware before the z, 
  the polish makes up for it , though . 
  i 've always had google now off and i had the same issue anyway, 
  also always off, 
  i do n't need high quality storage for mp3s , videos and documents ... 
  neither for pictures , honestly , as a decent gallery app caches thumbnails and full photos open quickly anyway . 
  yeah , but it does n't matter , you 'll always have internal storage anyway , external storage is not used for the system , only for archiving . 
  and the removable aspect of sd cards is important imho , as they can be swapped and exchanged easily , just like you would do with an usb key , which would instead be unwieldy on a phone . 
  rant : when people argue about this , i always envision white collar guys who are permanently in front of a computer screen , of course they do n't need to store movies or music on their phone ... 
  but not everyone works in an office or has a steady internet connection . 
  and gimping a smartphone 's capabilities just because you want it to be more `` cool '' seems foolish to me . 
  it 's like a powerful car engine mounted inside a box ... ok , cool , it 's powerful but * what work does it perform ? 
  * we need to improve these devices ' capabilities , not reduce them !, 
  well , in that case it 's a software issue , and has to be addressed accordingly , by removing hardware . 
  it 's like removing a printer because its shitty drivers slow the system down ... the issue could be solved by proper drivers . 
  once again , then it 's an issue with the gallery software ... we can play this game all day long , but the fact remains that slow-downs can be avoided while still keeping the capability . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  the main storage is still going to be the first choice for software data . 
  and photos too if you want . 
  but i still need another storage device for slow stuff and data exchange, 
  cached thumbnails . 
  opening the photos themselves wo n't be faster , but previews have the biggest impact on usage . 
  on my phone , i save photos in internal memory , and periodically i can move them to external using the phone 's own software . 
  this is the optimal solution for me , pictures save fast and i still can keep all of them without having to rely on the network to view them . 
  music goes to the sd too , and that makes up most of my memory usage . 
  and use a lightweight browser while keeping javascript disabled , except for when you really need it, 
  why would n't it ? 
  ma come fate ? 
  i 'll gladly vote for a politician with the weirdest fetish just to foil this strategy, 
  what cable ? 
  crystals, 
  i 'm not defending this design, 
  remember that google `` does no evil ( tm ) '', 
  and guns & roses was formed by joining the bands '' hollywood rose '' and `` l.a.guns '' ... it 's names all the way down !, 
  dude , you 're getting too detailed for a thread about faded celebrities !, 
  you are n't following : they 're single . 
  money . 
  anxiety . 
  try to save it : make it about their mothers , quick !, 
  just use a second drive with the first one disconnected, 
  i 'd drink one, 
  it 's like windows glitches in real life !, 
  `` sex is a science , but love is an art . '', 
  we have them in northern italy, 
  two . 
  it 's dual channel . 
  and bloated websites, 
  custom roms are mostly like that . 
  do n't believe those on xda who exclaim `` perfect as a daily driver '' , they 're either lying or stupid . 
  midori is lightning fast when combined with lightweight window managers and des , just keep chromium or firefox installed for that `` quirky '' website you encounter once a month . 
  they also made their additional fonts pack free . 
  a real mobile interface which is also usable on phones ? 
  inbuilt support for cloud services such as drobpox , drive , box , etc ? 
  great pdf viewing abilities ? 
  maybe he has previously received another e-mail about rm that he 's `` not mentioning '' . 
  well , depending on the definition , europe can have different eastern borders ...
