  he probably also has to press the stop button in an emergency and has to watch over the machine , stopping kids from destroying it and looking out for needed extraordinary maintenance, 
  acceleration , inclination and time !, 
  multiple . 
  i still remember all the fuss about this on slashdot , it went on for quite a while, 
  as an italian i kind of envy the advantages us citizens have with low taxes and generally higher incomes ( for qualified jobs , of course . 
  people in my field make much more money over there , it really is the land of opportunity ) , but the complete lack of welfare really offsets many of these advantages . 
  the thought that getting sick ( something mostly out of your control ) may ruin you is appalling . 
  the problem is that people like the black women in the article are not in that situation because they gambled and lost , they were just born in disadvantageous situations ... 
  teachers only know college for the most part, 
  vodka, 
  i was puzzled by the devastation caused by that couch , until i realized, 
   quite common in 3rd world countries, 
  and in naples ... 
  wait i guess it counts as third world . 
  what 's that ? 
  tell that to the sand in my kidneys, 
  momentum , i think . 
  true . 
  i 'm a motorcyclist and i always carry my donor card with me . 
  but the motorcycle may be flung into timmy, 
  italy has a more relaxed approach to alcohol than the us or other western countries . 
  that said it is supposed to be illegal for anyone below 16yo to consume alcohol ... 
  but that rule is only upheld in bars , pubs and clubs . 
  no one at the grocery store or supermarket is going to stop a 14yo from buying a case of beer . 
  i would n't trust a dog who dislikes all people , though . 
  looks a lot like switzerland, 
  do you use the camera a lot ? 
  the z3c 's one sucks when compared to the iphone . 
  other than that it 's a great phone , snappy , great battery life , waterproof so no risk of water damage , easy to use with one hand and all that . 
  una mia parente ne ha appeso uno multicolore , per dire . 
   and no one ever quit so i guess i was ok at it . 
  `` they did n't quit . 
  they 're dead . '', 
  she already looked old in '93, 
  ... you just have to read the car 's manual, 
  pneumatic wrenches have torque adjustment ... 
  does n't happen to me, 
  * esodato, 
  you and everyone else . 
  dropped my z3c multiple times , but never from great heights , it never broke . 
  then one evening i pulled it from my pocket after playing videogames for a couple of hours and the screen was shattered . 
  turkeys are asshole , also . 
  and lorenzo being modest also gained him a lot of goodwill points . 
  what a world !, 
  it happened to me too . 
  i think the small glass `` bridges '' between the speakers and the fascia are very fragile , as something similar happened to my xperia t with the same design , after i gave it to my father . 
  ... grecia, 
  space latinos, 
   no more cars , computers , tvs , nothing . 
  save for chinese ones, 
   i can see riders like lorenzo and pedrosa struggling with less electronics and the new tyres . 
  rossi is usually good at adapting . 
  could go either way for marquez . 
  i 'm pretty sure lorenzo can adapt to this faster than anyone else . 
  vale will take more time . 
  ca n't say for dani , but mm will probably have trouble . 
   buttare cartacce per terra, 
  indossare le scarpe anti-infortunistiche ... 
  sparale , agente j !, 
  non \u00e8 regalata , \u00e8 in comodato d'uso . 
  ^ ( quasi poetico ), 
  i call that the fireworks 4 look, 
   yes , i turn my psu off with marlin . 
  you mean that you turn off the psu once printing is done ? 
  then i guess you 'll have to turn it back on ? 
  or does it have a standby mode or something ? 
   high red tty, 
  painful . 
  defalco ci ha fatto imparare a forza la parola `` biscaggina '', 
  well , if he uses a servo ( with a metal gear ) , a slightly undersized hole could be used for embedding the gear , this way the servo acts as the hinge and should be pretty tight . 
  otherwise he could print a sensor support with an alcove for embedding one of the original servo arms , and glue it together . 
   a $ 400 nikon will produce just as good of photos as an $ 8000 nikon will . 
  sorry , but that 's absolutely not true . 
  looks good !, 
  nozzle size/layer height ? 
  abs ? 
  ahah , no , i do n't have time for internet arguments , sorry . 
  and you sound rude . 
  i 'll admit i have little experience with nikon , but having used canon 's 1d , 5d and * 00d cameras , there 's a lot of difference , both in image performance and capabilities . 
  thanks for your detailed reply , 
  i adjusted my bed better and now it seems it 's printing better !, 
  unfortunately my z endstop is a bit ... mobile right now , as the supports that came with the other printed parts kind of suck . 
  the last part i printed is in fact a support for the z endstop , 
  [ also i switched to the abs roll and the difference is amazing !, 
  i think my steps/mm for the extruder might be messed up too , i 'll have to check that . 
  no , in fact i wanted to print a bracket just for that , but then i fried my extruder fan and i had to use the cooling fan for the extruder :d, 
  [ now i 've switched to abs , as i wrote above , and i 'm having better results . 
  ] ( https://imgur.com/qwconbb,3pq9cwm ) i 'll print the support and install the fan as soon as i receive the new one , 
  you 're right . 
  it appears to be better now . 
  it 's unlikely that you managed to damage either the stepper or driver with 5/7v potential, 
  [ huh ? 
  there are no borders in most of the eu , i do n't know about finland , but it 's likely that he could travel anywhere in the eu without the interested authorities noticing . 
  it 's not like he 's osama bin laden . 
  well , the fist week went by , but since there are almost no submissions , here is my first print ( which i actually printed last week ) , [ a calibration cube !, 
  ] ( https://imgur.com/cslqnss ) which was n't a cube actually , a lot of adjustments were needed , 
  are you sure that the screws holding the belt clamps under the bed are not pushing the bed upwards in the centre ? 
  it 's an option that you choose when compiling the software . 
  i 'm guessing the kit came pre-programmed ? 
  well , if you need to , reprogramming the controller is n't that hard,
