  nope , it 's a nickname that started on the tv i think . 
  at first they were n't using it in an offensive way , which is weird . 
  do n't forget the current champion, 
  i think i got a micro fracture in my foot while trying to push-start my 690 sm a few years ago ... would not recommend, 
  he likes seeing bikes slide around the corners . 
  yes , and that would be absurd and incredibly stupid . 
  especially in front of the whole world . 
  he is also afraid that sliding around will not be as advantageous as before , therefore reducing the use of this technique and hurting his fun . 
  i think . 
  i do n't know , just trying to translate . 
  i think that was the original meaning , but honestly i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  i can tell you that it started when marc was still the rising star . 
  what does a broken hose have to do with his social skills ? 
  ferrari let try their f1 car a few years ago , he did n't do too bad iirc, 
  italian here . 
  if you guys love motorcycles you have to visit italy and rent a motorbike sometime . 
  not now though as our economy is kinda fucked up and the roads reflect that . 
  lots of nice mountain passes , and there 's a restaurant on top of most of them . 
  just be careful in the early morning and late evening as the freaks with the illegal bikes tend to come out . 
  learn to cherish our differences and use everybody 's best parts to build a better society . 
  we do n't have to be all the same , we just need to accept that we are n't . 
   how are the italians with the foreigners ? 
  there 's something i need to know before moving ? 
  as soon as people discover you 're from argentina , they 'll ask you to cook asado for them . 
  as far as i know there are no nationwide bike rentals , so you 'd need to do some research . 
  as for where to start [ here 's a map showing italy 's terrain ] ( http://gritti.provincia.venezia.it/turismo/italia_fisica/img/italia_fisica.jpg ) , as you can see there 's a lot of choices when it comes to mountain roads . 
  as a rule of thumb , roads in the north ( and infrastructures in general ) tend to be better . 
  some roads can look pretty small to someone from the new world , and you 'll have to decide what you prefer , depending on your bike preferences . 
  edit : if you 're not from europe , watch out for roundabouts , they 're kinda dangerous for motorcycles of you 're not careful, 
  kept away from the news for a couple thousand years ? 
   windows 10 e ' il futuro . 
  feed-you-your-own-testicles-style ? 
  nope , i 'd just grab my laptop and hightail, 
  well at least it uses horizontal space , instead of dumbly reducing the vertical space even further , in the age of wide-screen . 
  siemens tia portal basic to me is 300 $ , pro ( only needed to program s7-1500 plcs ) is 1300 $, 
  the recent versions are good , but you still get random bugs with no explanation sometimes . 
  un po ' in ritardo per ranghinare, 
  shit on their heads, 
  israeli guns ? 
  italy has sicily and naples, 
  well then we 'll have to add florence and rome !, 
  pandoro forever . 
  spezzatino is forever, 
  [ i 'm built for comfort , not built for speed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glbqo8pco_a ), 
  the high taxation which does n't seem to buy services of comparably high quality . 
  immigrants always accept lower wages anyway , because they have no safety net , and often are used to lower standards of living . 
  well then you 're extremely lucky, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_power_parity#/media/file%3acountries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita_in_2014 . svg, 
  i wish , there are no kfcs in italy :(, 
  holy shit , next time i 'm in turin i will for sure, 
  people better not come to my funeral uninvited , else they 'll get a piece of my mind !, 
  or anything else really . 
  it makes sense for an hornet , which is smaller , to be able to outmanouver the space truck , but the space truck is bigger and it 's supposed to be able to have more firepower , with less ability to aim that firepower accurately . 
  because you do n't have the capital to do so, 
  the one in the commercial is a rebadged fiat dobl\u00f2, 
  i 've been using firefox since opera went chrome clone , and i always have tens of tabs open , rarely reboot my laptop ( maybe once a week ) and never close firefox and i have no such problems , never have a crash . 
  grown ups do n't use lol, 
  lol, 
  hey do n't ram people at the dock , it 's not fun . 
  especially for guys with multi crew ships for whom it 's difficult to depart from port olisar without having people get on without permission . 
  i have little free time , i do n't want to spend it all going between the dock and the request terminal . 
  so what ? 
  should i extensively test the walk from the terminals to the dock ? 
  i do n't think it 's a bios matter . 
  my asus keeps the fan always running when i 'm in windows , but in linux this does n't happen , and it 's much quieter, 
  it 's the people using `` how are you '' as a greeting that confuse me . 
  they ask but do n't expect an answer ... 
  i think . 
  the 13th warrior , maybe ? 
  they 'd have something better . 
  like stabilos, 
  i wonder if `` foreign '' objects will be persistent in the hangar . 
  if they will , some people would go crazy . 
  i already imagine the series `` hoarders of star citizen '', 
  we should mount those on our ships, 
  what ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  you posted the chart yourself , better processor , better wifi , and a quadro video card . 
  quadro gpus are very expensive, 
  headlights in the bumper . 
  great idea for an off-road vehicle . 
  sounds fine to me, 
  shit . 
  this game could really become a problem for my life once it 's ready . 
  ca n't you change the flap ? 
  well , the xps 15 is supposed to be very small for a 15 '' , so maybe size is n't much of an issue . 
   xps 9350 here : 5h of development ( lamp ) [ ... ] , notebook on my legs . 
  how do you do that ? 
  do n't your wrists hurt ? 
  3kw is the maximum available power in most houses over here in italy , something like that would trip many power meters, 
  `` casual '' fans are n't the ones who make up the majority of attendance at the track , do n't worry . 
  hey , i do n't have a solution , but a question : what happens if you set your resolution to 1920 * 1080 ? 
  is the laptop usable ( blurriness aside ) that way ? 
   also , this image is so large ( for my monitor and resolution ) that you can grab the scroll bar and move it fast with the mouse to the bottom and the res blurb wo n't be on screen . 
  you can also press the `` end '' key on your keyboard, 
  we can hope that with all the next generation displays coming out , support will improve, 
  [ gta v on linux ( skylake build + hardware vm passthrough ) ] ( https://teksyndicate.com/videos/gta-v-linux-skylake-build-hardware-vm-passthrough ), 
  nope , it 'd be produced inside a basement in naples , italy . 
  no i do n't , but i probably know who to ask for it ...
