  well , in italy , almost everyone has one ... 
  but that does n't necessarily mean it gets used regularly . 
  also lately there 's been a boom of home-size coffee machine that make espresso and such , but in my experience they ca n't equate to a commercial machine . 
  and since bars are ubiquitous here , i never felt the need for one . 
  hey , everyone here drinks moka coffee after all . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but coffee made that way is probably way better than what you can find in most of the world , so if you can , go for it !, 
  just make sure to find a good brand of coffee to use . 
  of course . 
  with coffee at 1 $ , if you drink a couple a day on work days you can easily spend 50 $ in a month just on coffee ... that 's a significant amount , given the average wages here . 
  moka is way cheaper . 
  well , lately there is n't much to be proud of for being italian , but food 's still a field where we can be respected ... 
  because they still have to finish putting on makeup ? 
  it 's pretty hard to shift 2nd to 1st , above a certain speed it just ca n't happen ... 
  so it loses the capital letter ? 
  is it better if a few children in a poor ( or not so poor ) country can get an education or if an american worker can afford an extra half ipad per year ? 
  i think the amount of money going to charity projects is not enough to make a difference on any big expense , once divide it among all workers of a particular company . 
  what about fact psychology , tho ? 
  yeah sorry , had a brain fart, 
  you may be overestimating their power, 
  and with all the other stuff in that drink , i guess he 'd have thrown up before digesting it all ... 
  so you 're talking about the 5 countries in europe who actually had real colonies ? 
  well , my dog is n't trained to guard or anything , she 's friendly but wary of outsiders , and does n't appreciate sudden movements near family members ... 
  i think it varies from dog to dog ... 
  then another layer of whiteout , then yellow again then white out and after a while you 'll be the guy with the giant ball of whiteout and highlighter hanging from the ceiling, 
  it ca n't sing ... 
  i 'll upvote you from 0 , but i have to disagree . 
  looks like an ass with a nose, 
  i guess that could be said for russia too, 
  useful in case you lost both arms, 
  my guess would be a space dildo, 
  my girlfriend would most likely punch me in the face if i did that and caught her off guard ... 
  i 'm an italian and ... 
  i 'll just go sit there in the corner . 
  did you perchance hit 88 mph ? 
  a moped maybe, 
  it 's cancerous , would n't be healthy ... or taste good . 
  jokes aside , the lights above make me think of bumper cars , where they have the electrified net, 
  as someone currently going to evening school , this is correct . 
  i do n't think you deserve the downvotes , but you still have to understand that this kind of protest achieves nothing , rapists are not going to be moved by it , they 'll just be thankful for the free show . 
  there are bad people in this world , and while it 's ugly , that 's just how it is . 
  these arguments are pointless , as the person you 're talking to is ( likely ) not a rapist , he 's just someone trying to solve a problem . 
  provocative clothing is more likely to attract attention from a potential rapist , period . 
  i think we all agree that women and men alike should be able to dress however they like ( within reason , considering the setting ) , but reasoning does n't work with the kind of animals who enjoy rape . 
  do unprovocatively dressed women get raped too ? 
  of course . 
  will a provocatively dressed woman be more likely to get raped in the same situation ? 
  i think you ca n't deny she will be . 
  just like we try to minimize the risk of driving accidents which would n't happen if everything went by the rules , we should do whatever we can to minimize the risk of rape . 
  i do n't understand the point ... as if rapists were people you could reason with . 
  depends on manufacturer . 
  my lg had it in the notification drawer ... 
  otherwise all the way to the settings page . 
  robin williams . 
  seriously , can you think of somebody else like him ? 
  i feel that such a direct attack is more likely to antagonize anyone with that kind of mindset and make them like those `` sluts '' even less . 
  i do something like that during sexy time with my girlfriend ... looks like it 's working to me !, 
  they are people of poor morals , otherwise they would n't stoop to rape , would they ? 
  i think that most people who say stuff like `` she deserved to get raped '' actually do n't believe what they are saying , or more likely mean that she took unnecessary risks that she could have avoided . 
  either that or they 're stupid . 
  and you know the usefulness of arguing with stupid people . 
  but would the thought of a similar marches pop in their brain and stop them in this case ? 
  and the usual people had to go and scare him off before the guy could completely remove the line . 
  did you try to find something more `` useful '' that you enjoy doing ? 
  learning a language , a craft , some skill ? 
  a car on dump-truck duty ? 
  too early yet ... and they 're still kind of unsightly . 
  they should _ fear _ him, 
  once the projection to the floor of your center of mass is outside your base ( your feet ) , you 're going to fall over . 
  that 's how we walk . 
  you ca n't just stand there like that . 
  it uses your upload bandwidth , so if you set your limits correctly , you 'll barely notice the difference as most of your traffic would be download , not upload . 
  unless you 're on dial-up or similar , of course . 
  he also _ makes _ them . 
  so he 's kind of like a gypsy who sells his own children . 
  that car is a first model renault scenic , which means this picture ca n't be more than 16 years old ... 
  since almost nobody drives new cars without wheel covers , i 'd say no older than 10 years . 
  people could have taken hundreds of pictures like this of me and my girlfriend . 
  truth is just that sometimes when we are having a conversation , we need to verify or find further information on the subject and we both look for it on the internet , or maybe we 're texting our friends to come and join us ( or organizing something , like last evening ) , or again one of us is answering a text and the other just checks his/her smartphone while waiting ... and so on . 
  he means the picture is a fake , there 's a link above explaining that, 
  only to lose the first 10 seconds of the song , therefore never recognizing it when it came up again, 
  so it 's actually cnc machining ? 
  sooo ... everyone here is trying to escape italy , and you _ moved in _ ? 
  every city in italy is full of artifacts . 
  usually every city has one or more central squares with a cathedral ( or just a big church ) and other historical buildings , at least . 
  one of the sad things of the recent earthquakes in emilia is learning about all of the important buildings and works of art that got destroyed or damaged , that you did n't even know existed . 
  oh yeah , it 's clear that you 're probably in one of the best places in the world for someone with your interests and that alone could make up for everything else . 
  still , you better have an escape plan in case things take the wrong turn here :p, 
  good luck to you then !, 
  you 're living my dreams too :d, 
  they use chisels , not axes , silly !, 
  as a straight male , i do n't care about others ' boners at all , as long as they do n't make physical contact with my person . 
  i do n't know about firefox and chrome , but with opera i use `` private '' tabs to log onto multiple webmails from the same provider ( google , for example ) , as they do n't share cookies . 
  ... and get accused of trying to obtain double karma : link and comment . 
  she took that pic on vacation , duh, 
  greasy stuff does n't come off with water, 
  potatoes are used to treat sun burns , so i guess it could be possible . 
  there are specific products for treating `` eye '' burns caused by welding , tho . 
  i tig weld and oftentimes i do it in just a t-shirt . 
  it 's not healthy , but it 's not like you 'll get instantly burnt . 
  maybe a slight burn if you do it all day .
