  i got kicked there once ... that was ... unpleasant . 
  cock ring ? 
  i did , i swear !, 
  that 's why they are patenting it : it 's a new idea !, 
  [ indipendence day !, 
  they 're very fast !, 
  [ those are quite common in italy for public and workplace bathrooms . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/squat_toilet ), 
  nice handling . 
  maybe getting slightly drunk and doing it would help getting ... unstuck ? 
  before * any * industry :p, 
  this `` public transportation '' argument comes up all the time ... 
  the last time i used public transportation in my country was 3 years ago , and only because i had a broken wrist . 
  the main reason for the lower consumption is the cost of fuel . 
  we have smaller , more efficient cars because here fuel is expensive ( and most european countries have way lower wages than the us ) , for example 1 us gallon of gasoline here costs about 9,30 $ ( this summer it reached higher ) . 
  many cars run on methane or lpg because it 's cheaper , even though you lose performance . 
  the fun thing is that you guys have humongous engines and ridiculously low speed limits . 
  in italy we use city names for that . 
  looks like a bb bold without the keyboard !, 
  cool , i 'll buy it !, 
  no , wait , i got throughly screwed with my 2x , the shittiest phone i 've ever owned !, 
  sony , quick with the xperia t !, 
  shittiest phone ever . 
  i 'm seriously worried that if i ever have to call an ambulance it 'll let me die . 
  i still miss the bold 's keyboard ... 
  it 's hard having to decide between a physical keyboard and a larger screen :(, 
  probably would have mentioned if they all wore green shirts or had mustaches ... 
  it 's just a thing they had in common . 
  poor reception , poor battery life , horrible software , horrible support . 
  i like custom roms , but having to try tens of them and various baseband combinations just to make my phone work is ridiculous . 
  they slashed my phone 's price by 40 % soon after its release because it was so crappy and they realized it ( oh , that really did wonders for its resale value ! ) . 
  ** never again . 
  depends on the guy . 
  and your age/look . 
  probably would swear back and tell you to go away . 
  then , if you insist ... 
  he asked about my experiences with lg , not google . 
  they may find a way to screw even this up . 
  gold, 
  that wo n't help if you leave the milk carton open and out of the fridge . 
  if that 's milk , of course . 
  the xperia t is the one i would also move to if i could afford it right now !, 
  but my 2x sells for nothing , so ... 
  you 're hurting me , man ... 
  [ rehosted to avoid hotlinking protection ] ( http://imgur.com/t3mhv ), 
  arduino is easy to learn ( well documented ) and inexpensive if you only use one . 
  once you find yourself building more `` permanent '' devices , you might want to transition to bare microcontrollers . 
  an arduino costs 20-22 $ , while a programmer for comparable microcontrollers costs 30-40 $ and the uc itself costs around 5 $ ( some less , some more ) . 
  this has the advantage that for simpler projects you can use lower-spec ucs that have ridiculously low prices . 
  it 's missing a part where you see his family leaving him , his things getting repossessed and a friend/superior telling him `` sorry john , there 's nothing i can do anymore ... '', 
  and your parents probably did the same things ... having sex is normal , perversions are `` normal '' , there 's no reason why you ca n't still be their little angel ... :p, 
  air-disk ftw, 
  it affects the properties on italian soil , of course . 
  within the confines of the vatican this does n't change anything . 
  the point here is that the church uses its tax exemption for its for-profit businesses . 
  good question . 
  well , running hotels is not the same as scamming people into buying indulgences . 
  it 's not a matter of borders , the vatican simply does n't have the infrastructure to be independent for real . 
  so it relies on italy for most things . 
  [ yeah , no way !, 
  [ oh , no , it 's really happening !, 
  so you rejuvenated and turned into a metalhead ? 
  well , tbh gordon could have picked up a flashlight on the way , too . 
  happens to me too ... stupid feeling -  mumbling or singing -  irritation, 
  legal concerns ? 
  becoming jasmine ? 
  when i was in kindergarten and first years of primary , i used to hang out with the girls instead of the boys , so those started making fun of me and saying i was gay ... 
  one day i talked to my cousin ( who 's older ) about it , and he simply said `` is it you who 's gay , hanging out with girls ? 
  or the ones who are always with the boys ? '', 
  never doubted myself again in that regard :p, 
  ] ( http://images.blog-24.com/690000/691000/691041.jpg ), 
  man , just go in the store and try on stuff ... do n't be shy , find stuff you like and try out combinations . 
  take your time . 
  look at the mannequins but do n't outright copy them ( they often look awful ) , find your own style . 
  you can bring a girl along for suggestions ( you 'll have to find the correct one , not everyone is suited for that . 
  for example i do n't go shopping with my gf , i go with my sister , she 's better ) . 
  accessories are often important , but keep it simple , you 're a man . 
  and once you 've started ... 
  simply forget whatever i just said , do whatever you feel like :d, 
  wow . 
  never knew about this stuff . 
  sounds more like children making up rules than adults finding loopholes , actually ... 
  but you ca n't penetrate yourself !, 
  no , wait ... you can . 
  it 's normal , but if you force yourself to do it , after a while the anxiety will go away , and you 'll start looking forward to shopping , 
  just try to remember that selling clothes and allowing you to try them is the store 's whole purpose , so there 's to reason to feel ashamed . 
  me and friends saw them together with judas priest and saxon in barcelona ... the next day communicating was impossible , for we all were out of voice and deaf ... 
  it was a comical succession of `` what ? 
  hopefully they do n't look like the ones in the picture . 
  unfortunately the forums for my phone on both sites are basically dead , so i 'm forced to wade through xda 's shitty users to get what i need , even tough said section of the forums are essentially a whine-fest about how ics is not yet on our phone . 
  the longest thread on the matter is currently 771 pages long . 
  with no actually useful information at all . 
  there are no `` devs '' on xda , only `` cooks '' who mish-mash stuff together . 
  there 's almost 0 real development going on there . 
  he 's not from xda , he 's from cyanogenmod, 
  i do that too and i 'm not even married :p, 
  soooo punchable ... 
  saw them live in 2005 while kinda drunk , and it was one of the best shows in my life !, 
  you need to cultivate your ear hair, 
  shush , we 're talking about normal countries here ... :p,
