  and to mute a normal camera you just have to cut the speaker wires . 
  an upvote ... the price for your immortal soul !, 
  i do my best to make her proud of me and to ... excite her . 
  in killing . 
  and who are you to tell them they ca n't protest something ? 
  is n't that free speech too ? 
  the point is the conversation , not the characters . 
  the lightning bolt sound from dungeon keeper !, 
  well , it 's also ironic what the vatican has come to ... 
  looks like a mbp13 to me, 
  i 'm not 40 but let me suggest to also replenish the paper supply if it looks low when you 're done . 
  you mean like double din slots ? 
  they already exist . 
  well , my renault trafic had that . 
  of course that 's a van . 
  i think my previous generation espace could house one too . 
  my pajero also has it , but it 's in front of the stick , so it could be awkward to operate . 
  in italy also, 
  almost pissed myself laughing . 
  * thanks guys . 
  there 's only 3 android apps in the first 6 pages ... 
  not really . 
  it 's fun but kinda repetitive . 
  also it 's pay2win . 
  ( pay to win in a reasonable time , i mean ), 
  everybody here was thinking about exhentai.org, 
  it comes and goes . 
  when you 're that age you 're almost adult , and you feel like you know yourself , but it 's not really like that . 
  just a couple of years from now you 'll see how things have changed . 
  stop hanging out with her ( or do it less ) and look at other girls . 
  you 'll notice there are a lot of interesting and attractive people . 
  also , you 'll learn that your `` type '' is not cast in stone . 
  yeah , well , it depends on the relationship . 
  you do n't have to completely abandon her ... you could just `` be busy '' sometimes . 
  it 's not like she depends on you to continue living , right ? 
  i 'm not one for telling people to give up ( i courted my current gf for something like 6 months ) , but in this case it would n't be fair towards her , would it ? 
  the point is not avoiding her , it 's * noticing * other girls . 
  it 's harder when you 're with someone you fancy , because she becomes the `` prototype '' of how a partner should be . 
  it 's not because * she 's perfect * for you , it 's just that you 're in love * with her * . 
  we all go through this kind of things ( in different forms ) in life , and once it 's over , everybody wishes he could have wasted less time on a one-sided relationship . 
  you guys should really consider redesigning your plugs . 
  puns . 
  well , your plugs being horrible does n't make uk ones good . 
  europlugs and schukos work pretty well . 
  here in italy we have 3 different plug designs , so our sockets [ are kinda slutty ] ( http://www.emmebistore.com/materiale_elettrico_online/278-399-large/presa-bipasso-10-16a-art-matix-am5180.jpg ) !, 
  when i visit the usa i ca n't imagine how people can keep from bending them all the time ... just step on one and there it goes . 
  also being used to the plastic coated prongs on the various europlugs , i would get electrocuted all the time . 
  * i use my fingers to guide the plug in the socket !, 
  dunno about yours , but not all of my appliances have ground, 
  my own motorboats itself !, 
  he 's going for realism . 
  we should attack an embassy !, 
  my lg 2x stays on if you remove the battery while it 's plugged in the charger . 
  agreed . 
  do n't buy lg . 
  that 's what i think too , but you still need some `` frame '' . 
  oettinger !, 
  looks nicer by the minute !, 
  looks like the stuff you put on wood to protect it , whose english name i ca n't remember right now . 
  that 's probably the reason for hating . 
  as a ( sane ) heterosexual man , first off i do n't care what other people do with their genitals as long as it does n't involve me , and furthermore ** the more homosexual men there are , the more ladies for the rest of us !, 
  of course that does n't take in consideration homosexual women ... * but everybody likes lesbians anyway !, 
  probably the last two . 
  in italy we call it something like `` impregnating agent '', 
  your mom is so fat that she did n't fit on the trailer and your dad brought a cow instead !, 
  maybe it 's `` if evil dead roams , you 're dead '' , meaning that if the dead start rising , you 'll be dead without his protection :p, 
  * do n't allow crazy to be sprayed inside you !, 
  it 's pretty simple , one girl is good , so two girls is even better !, 
  well , that 's a different matter !, 
  nation, 
  3 - a people who share common customs , origins , history , and frequently language ; a nationality :, 
  african can be a nationality . 
  maybe the kid drew that and mommy put the caption, 
  sorry , but ... ` shopped . 
  she would need a seriously fucked up skeleton to be real . 
  definitely yes . 
  your google is most likely in english , that 's why you use the point as a decimal separator . 
  in non-english speaking countries we use the comma . 
  that 's exactly why i wrote my post . 
  i read 10.668 and that 's almost the earth 's diameter to me . 
  i often have female friends offering me drinks ( i 'm going through financial hardships ) instead !, 
  but what about the choke ? 
  need watchdog timer, 
  why is this being hosted on a defaced website ? 
  [ `` susan goodman komen , was born in 1943 in peoria , illinois . 
  she was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 33 . 
  she died of the disease at age 36 in 1980 . 
  komen 's younger sister , nancy goodman brinker , \\ [ ... \\ ] founded the susan g. komen breast cancer foundation in komen 's memory in 1982 . 
  different focal lengths and angles , it got cut out, 
  ahah , mine too !, 
  but i do n't mind because i find her excitement very flattering !, 
  i 'm strong enough to push her away if needed , anyway . 
  but ... 
  but ... 
  i like it when my gf does this :(, 
  well , that 's just wrong . 
  italians do n't speak foreign language not because of a sense of superiority , but because of general ignorance and a poor education system . 
  source : i 'm italian . 
  it explains that she does n't have any monopoly because she 's dead . 
  it 's her sister who runs the foundation , and she 's called nancy goodman brinker .
