  iveco makes commercial vehicles, 
  that 's what 's left of the master computer program !, 
  the old doctor is costa, 
  the duet wifi is great ( i have it ) , but it 's crazy expensive, 
  bear in mind that atx psus have an always-on 5v rail that does n't turn off when you open the `` green-black '' circuit, 
  just a note : fat max is a line of tools / equipment , not a specific tool, 
  solita equit\u00e0 italiana . 
  may be a badly crimped connector, 
  use a benchy, 
  thanks for making a written review !, 
  i watched this movie on a plane . 
  in english , with lots of noise . 
  i 'm not mother tongue ... 
  it was ... 
  difficult . 
  crazy kids , wasting legos like that, 
  dude , if your car regularly gets to 60 celsius on the inside , pla warping is n't going to be your only problem !, 
  crack your windows !, 
  at least it will stand out in the trophy room, 
  air bags, 
  in italy all of them have locks ... 
  when they 're new . 
  for some reason , some gas stations remove the pins needed for the ratchet to lock . 
  not all printers are noisy . 
  if you get one with high microstepping , it can be very quiet . 
  mine is . 
  bending is a real problem only with us plugs, 
  fenati too . 
  and he was the only one on the podium with a bottle, 
  but of course make an exception for pixelated indie platformers, 
  what , you dare go against the new vegas circlejerk ? 
  at my company , software is encrypted and licensed with the machine , it is not accessible to the customer . 
  even the plc is password-protected . 
  ** lots ** of copycats in my industry . 
  one guy had one of our plants and he hired a competitor to build another one and re-used the same software , as it was unencrypted . 
  since the new softwares took a lot of man-hours to develop , that 's unacceptable , so we now use `` know-how protection '' , and given that all our machines are vpn-able , we just connect from home if there 's a problem ( does n't happen often , when it does it 's usually a wrong setting or something like that ) . 
  this is getting more and more common . 
  if someone needs to resort to copying others ' software , they most likely ca n't break the code encryption . 
   we had one customer who kept doing that . 
  every six months they 'd come back and have us adjust the quote . 
  turns out they were just using us to make a scope of work for them so they could hire the contractor they wanted . 
  we do n't quote work for them anymore . 
  story of my life . 
   it 's good that you 've found a way to keep your code away from copycats but not be bogged down with constant service calls as a result . 
  for now it seems to be working , but we make relatively simple machinery designed to keep working in the worst conditions . 
  of course going forward `` support '' is going to become more and more of a business in itself , it 's unavoidable when you keep increasing automation . 
  i liked the joke . 
  it 's a shame you 're being downvoted . 
  come to italy next time . 
  better police , better wine and better cheese  , 
  ... just trying to lighten your load . 
  how much is 1 million $ in dog money ? 
  `` eh non ho i documenti . 
  [ signal !, 
  ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.thoughtcrime.securesms ), 
  so , about the highway : we have an electronic toll payment device like your ez-pass and it 's called telepass , but you usually need a bank account for that , iirc . 
  if you do n't have one , there 's no need to fumble with money : just go to the blue lane and pay with your credit card . 
  you wo n't get many answers : the question is unclear, 
  come mad max : rockatansky, 
  i kinda prefer the way it looked before ... 
  some cleanup and it would have been pretty cool . 
  and i do n't even like graffiti usually . 
  who orders e-cigs from a random online store anyway ? 
  if i were a smoker i would n't trust chinese cigarettes , electronic or not, 
  there 's keenovo on ali express , but delivery time is long, 
  at least 3 benchys !, 
  i do n't think you realize the kind of equipment needed to build something like that . 
  soliti balzelli all ` italiana !, 
  my dell xps ' power jack lasted about one year . 
  my previous laptop , from asus , never had this problem . 
  i went with an expensive laptop exactly because i wanted to avoid the `` model roulette '' associated with the lower tiers ... got shafted , bought a 2000 $ computer that has a build quality lower than my previous 800 $ one . 
  lesson learned . 
  the 4k display and form factor are the only things that alleviate my disappointment . 
  ~ ~ * stuck in lodi agaiiiin * ~ ~, 
  i have n't played f4 , but in nv energy weapons sucked anyway . 
  his italian is indeed very good, 
  e dov ` era la camorra ? 
  holy guck bulega got full body slammed by enea 's bike, 
  imagine this happening with motogp bikes ... 
  so ... bagnaia wins the next one ? 
  both of them disabled ? 
  that 's a peculiar thing to notice, 
  [ heres a multireddit with all that ] ( http://reddit.com/r/upliftingnews+positive_news+goodnews+upliftingtrends+feelgood+humanize+wholesomememes+humansbeingbros+randomactsofkindness+randomkindness+examplesofgood+getwell ), 
  i had a nerdgasm the first time i noticed that kde connect pauses music when i receive or make a phone call, 
  i do n't have this issue but i do have an issue with missing taps on the touchscreen, 
  no , you do n't . 
  but you need to be able to solder . 
  wind non \u00e8 messa male ad app, 
  welding 's cool if you do it for some time , but do it 8 hours a day every day and you 'll be asking for your office job back . 
  just to be clear , i 'm saying this because i do both ( office job does n't mean banking job of course !, 
  ) , and while both have their pros and cons , if i had to go exclusively with one of them , it would n't be welding . 
  holy shit what a race moto3, 
  nobody 's better than `` il sanchio '' . 
  zoran + sanchio best commenters ever . 
  in the post race interviews everybody 's overjoyed for migno 's victory . 
  he seems very loved around the paddock . 
  pasini took all the safeties off, 
  nah , it 's two italian riders who never won in their category before ... 
  so it 's got to be pirro . 
  it was fun at first , but his grumpiness is getting old,
