  ... disheartening . 
  around here crows flee when you just look at them , even if you 're 200 meters away, 
  just one finger away from becoming the `` heavy metal horns '', 
  164 - 77 for me is easier this way : 100 - 77 = 23 -  23 + 64 = 87, 
  [ italy already into space . 
  somewhat . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_space_agency#programmes ), 
  well , in my price range ... 
  i found nothing using laser :(, 
  i do n't know where you work , but serious businesses do n't ask 100 when they hope to make 10 . 
  [ you mean something like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.ebay.it/itm/ultrasonic-module-hc-sr04-distance-sensor-/131116347082?pt=uk_boi_electrical_components_supplies_et&amp;hash=item1e8724aeca ) seeing the distance between the emitter and the sensor , it does n't look too `` focused '' honestly : /, 
  it only runs on gnu/hurd, 
  not a lot of men on that subreddit, 
  they 're boys , not men . 
  i 'd really like to see a duel of prototypes . 
  let people see what you can do when there 's no price limit , maybe a new product line could emerge from this clash . 
  i do n't think fluke 's the problem here , probably just government bureaucrats who do n't have anything better to do . 
  maybe all those bits around his face are supposed to be parts of an holographic device ? 
  my car feels like it was * designed * for hosting sex acts . 
  nope , when i had to do it , it was just an online form . 
  it asked a few questions , among them the location of the original work ( my page ) , and that 's it . 
  3 : does the id say `` king '' ? 
  southern italy too , i 'm told . 
  yes . 
  the best nail clipper i have is an old trim and has made in usa stamped on it . 
  i 'm italian . 
  me and my girlfriend managed to impress a team of irish rugby players with our resistance to alcohol . 
  it 's all the pasta . 
  all gone for me too with firefox 28 and windows 7 ( just ran the last update ) , but it works fine in archlinux with firefox 28 ( same machine with dual boot , so i guess we can rule out network issues ) . 
  i think organizations like libreoffice would have way more funds if they also implemented `` services '' a la redhat . 
  so we could say also the most of the world 's problem could be solved by killing 51 % of all humans ? 
  well , honestly though , amsterdam is the only place where i found dealers on the streets openly offering cocaine to me . 
  a lot of them , too . 
  usually dealers just stand in corners with their dealer-face and wait for you to come to them . 
  the most selfish third, 
  close my business , cut off ties with my father , go immediately back to evening school instead of waiting 4 more years , change friends to those i have now . 
  maybe start my relationship with my gf three years earlier . 
  i 'd be the king of the fucking world . 
  great book, 
  ... what if they 're all real ugly ? 
  well then i hope it 's ferritic , otherwise a magnet would be of little use, 
  ha perso tempo mentre cercava alternative al libano, 
  holy shit 2.2.2 ? 
  did you steal that from a museum ? 
  there 's something about it being done with a gun that just ... gives me a strange feeling . 
  i mean , if you kill someone for cheating on you , you surely are n't right in the head , but while stabbing or hitting someone at least brings you in contact with your victim/lover/important-person , it takes effort . 
  shooting them seems so ... impersonal . 
  disconnected . 
  i do n't know why , but it feels even worse to me . 
  from a country with a shit-ton of parties : it 's not the number of parties , it 's an unilateral class war . 
  why do n't they just `` rename '' them criminals and arrest them ? 
  you should write some kind of fanfiction, 
  looks like a car-mausoleum ... 
  his mom, 
  idk about where you live , but i 've switched from vodafone to wind last year and coverage is excellent everywhere i 've been to ( mainly northern italy ) . 
  i pay 7 $ / mo for 2gb +300 minutes , and an additional 5 $ for +3 gb , with free tethering ( vodafone charged 5 $ a day if you used tethering with a non-modified phone ), 
  o , all ` estremo , un * totale *, 
  we 'd rather not think about those, 
  they should set it at 1/16th of your work day, 
  i 'm pretty sure that any disability compensation or pension would be handled by the government in any eu country, 
  also , honestly , the enlarged images you get after clicking the thumbnails are not so big that they could n't have been put directly in the article page . 
  just ignore him , he 's a troll . 
  european here : that does n't really look like an handicap parking , it has no extra room on the driver side , like the free spot on the right does . 
  are we sure the sign refers to this particular spot ? 
  yeah , but around here , for an handicap parking to be legal , it needs both horizontal and vertical signals , meaning both on the pavement and the post . 
  one of the main points of handicap parking is the extra space for automated equipment for mounting and dismounting , which in this case is not present . 
  i know we 're in different countries , but if this happened here , i would n't notice it 's a reserved parking either . 
  yeah , no . 
  public healthcare here sucks , i just had to wait 2 months for x-rays and echography to my feet , and had to pay more than 100 $ in all . 
  free healthcare my ass . 
  our old people used to live long because they were hardy as fuck , but i bet that later generations are going to last less . 
  yeah , but in the us you do n't give away half of your paycheck to the national welfare body every month ( welfare includes public healthcare ) . 
  i 'm not saying that i 'd prefer private healthcare , just that our version of the public one sucks . 
  [ max damage ] ( http://carmageddon.wikia.com/wiki/max_damage ) would be proud, 
  well , since they are the front halves , which are the ones that are most often damaged , i do n't know ... sell them ? 
  from an opel calibra , of course . 
  before releasing it in the wilderness ? 
  \u00c8 assurdo . 
  yeah , they just reply that it 's other men who perform most of those violent crimes , so it 's our fault anyway . 
  intelligent , independent , self-reliant and fun . 
  you an expert of them `` unpleasant surprises '' , huh , krabby128 ? 
  i feel like this is often used as an excuse to do stupid shit . 
  do n't do stupid shit on purpose , it 'll happen by itself . 
  i 've got a friend who 's like that , always regretting all the fun stuff he missed during his younger years . 
  it makes no sense , stuff you do when you 're young may be fun but is mostly pointless . 
  just live your life like it means something and you 'll have adult cool experiences , which are worth 10 times more . 
  you mean we should start picking names from reddit 's users database ? 
  no more fuck in my arms , already appreciated all of it out of them, 
  in a public area you can record whoever you want, 
  not literal enough, 
  [ this is a smart car ] ( http://imgur.com/ob7olyn ), 
   women do n't have the equivalent of nipples , a non functioning body part that has a function in males , that i know of . 
  the clitoris ? 
  their orgasms ? 
  as the owner of a '96 mitsubishi pajero ( montero ) , that 's extremely sad to me . 
  drugs . 
  well , honestly , there actually is a lot of fucking going on ... 
  even if you consider punishing statutory rape with a 16 years old right , i ca n't believe you would consider 30 years in jail ( or even a tenth of that ) fair in this case . 
  which allow you to take about 16 photos before filling up the internal ( and only ) memory of 8gb,
