  `` now that 's a name i 've not heard in a long time '', 
  here in italy street names are `` thematically grouped '' , so you have an area with country names , one with italian cities , one with poets , one with important international people , etc. . . 
  maybe they 're doing the same, 
  i see what you did there, 
  bad bot, 
  and switching between them with ctrl tab works weird, 
  that 's the uk , a trailer that size must have brakes , but they 're most likely engaged by an hydraulic cylinder on the tow hook , so they only work when the trailer is pushing into the tow vehicle, 
  getting deep in the smell-hole, 
  gross, 
  ** if only netflix released season 2 in my region ... **, 
   most rual crossing in australia and europe do n't have have gaurds like we do on most crossings . 
  absolutely not true for western europe, 
  it 's not `` most '' crossings , so my statement is true, 
  what if there 's somebody on the other side going for a jump exactly where you are ? 
  well , i 'm not a physicist , but afaik you can make plasma out of whatever is in the air , you just need energy ( electricity ) . 
  the plasma cutter at my job works with normal compressed air and power . 
  and iirc the preorder price is n't even the full price , and they do n't even know what that 'll be, 
  yeah , well of course there are limits to what can be done by a small company producing small quantities , but this way it 's simply not viable, 
  same for z1c , z3c and z5c, 
  that 's very useful , but you have to be willing to learn at least basic 3d cad . 
  it 's not difficult at all , but some people find it daunting anyway . 
  lots of past artists died very poor but are now heralded as geniuses . 
  ubi would have helped them . 
  aaaand that 's not the new high speed line the guy above your original post was taking about . 
  we 've got those kind of places in italy too ... 
  i did n't mind it . 
  one thing that helped was not doing all of the `` simon says '' steps , skipping instead to the `` match the pictures '' step once i felt i had enough time on the timer, 
  i liked hong kong better than dragonfall as a game . 
  the story in df was cool though, 
  i carry it with me all the time , often overseas . 
  for me it 's great , it 's very compact for a 15 '' , although the power brick is a bit heavy . 
  inside my backpack with other devices and tools it fits underneath plane seats, 
  vespene ? 
  i 've been to the usa several times and they never asked me to unlock my phone or laptop either . 
  of course that does n't mean it does n't happen . 
  cagate . 
  nutella crepes are the best italian - french collaboration ever, 
  ferrero is from piedmont though , so she would n't look southern italian at all, 
  robots are stupid and clumsy . 
  robots that are n't clumsy or do n't have very limited scope are actually weaker than humans . 
  of course , but it 's not like nature makes things shitty . 
  if a robot needs to be as flexible and as capable as a human is , it 's probably going to have similar limits to a human . 
  one moment you 're waiting at a light , the next you 're flattened under a concrete mixer . 
  `` z brace . '', 
  `` but i have an ultimaker '', 
  brace . '', 
  mosfet upgrade, 
  i travel for work . 
  i do n't want to carry two different chargers for different purposes . 
  ^ haha, 
  furthermore the makers could remain unidentifiable, 
  \u00c8 una casa, 
  was great in 3d, 
  shit , guevara is reckless but i hope he 's fine . 
  martin gesturing at canet for celebrating a red flag, 
  if there 's a red flag there 's a good chance that somebody 's seriously hurt or worse , so not exactly a cause for celebration, 
  that 's why you 're better off not celebrating, 
  dovizioso could still kick his ass , he 's becoming seriously muscle-bound . 
  seems like guevara 's conscious and moves fine . 
  pasini 's a godsend for moto2 viewers, 
  told you guys before : lorenzo 's happy at ducati . 
  maybe he likes italian food , idk . 
  the riders say that those tires are not that different from one another . 
  rossi in the after race interviews confirmed that and added that vinales is better than him on a used tire . 
  except that lorenzo sucks at developing , as shown when rossi left yamaha . 
  he could have gotten better though . 
  yep . 
  i think this race was a turning point , as he did n't fall down the grid as in the past . 
  if you 're bigger than a midget it 's hard to do well on a moto3 bike, 
  i read all of it and remember almost nothing, 
   there are essentially two tracks : liceo classico and liceo scientifico . 
  what ? 
  there 's a shitload of different `` high school '' paths available in italy , from technical ( professional and `` engineering '' ) , arts and music , teaching , accounting , agriculture and so on . 
  have you tried rebel galaxy ? 
  it 's got a badass soundtrack too, 
  i just switched to cinnamon on fedora because kde started crashing and hanging continuously ... 
  current `` tablet-ifications '' of linux des work like shit on touchscreens anyway . 
  a possum is more likely to smash that thing rather than get smashed, 
  you ca n't post that without a picture of the bike !, 
  what the fuck indeed, 
  last year when iannone torpedoed dovizioso at the last turn , dovi pushed his bike to the finish line while iannone did n't, 
  `` del salto '' in italian ( and most likely spanish ) translates straight to `` of the jump '' , so ... 
  ok , that does n't sound good . 
  mixing components is one of the best things about linux desktops . 
  probably because with google , microsoft and apple you can keep the information private , while linux is completely open and patches have to be explained , so that would have made the vulnerability 100 % public . 
  maybe because those companies can pay to get disclosure of the vulnerability while the kernel devs ca n't , 
  / r/incels era 50 % trolls , 40 % fiction e 10 % malati di mente, 
  do you mean on a ship or anywhere ? 
  i 'm an industrial technician for food production machinery , i split my time between fixing broken stuff , installing new machines and developing the software . 
  usually though this is done by multiple people , so you 'd have an electrician , a welder , a software guy , a generic tech and so on . 
  otherwise there 's maintenance workers in any industry , but the work is n't usually any fun, 
   what 's so wrong with the work that it 's not any fun ? 
  well , constant emergencies , angry people , frustrating work . 
  normal maintenance guys are tasked with the stuff that is simple enough to avoid calling the manufacturer , so it 's usually menial and boring stuff . 
  often times i 've seen maintenance guys going crazy dealing with badly designed machinery . 
  and depending on where you work , you have good chances of being under-staffed , poorly equipped and poorly managed . 
  of course all of this depends on the industry and the company . 
  i have standard-compliant hands , and this happens to me too . 
  poor design . 
  most modern ultrabooks,
