  it 's the same size as my previous 14 '' asus u44sg , except it 's almost 2 inches longer on the side, 
   dell da200, 
  mine works like shit, 
  and burn your mouth with peppers, 
  studying to be a spam bot ? 
  ah , ma allora ha un nome . 
  yes , you do . 
  oddio , qui esageriamo un pochino ... 
  damn colonials and their gene-engineering . 
  fuck , i miss it a lot . 
  it had everything . 
  i still have n't found a good alternative for opera 's `` fit page to window '' function , which would be great with my hidpi screen nowadays . 
  i used to like both gnome and kde , but over the years they 've become horrid , i 'm now using cinnamon . 
  i install industrial machinery for a living . 
  i started when i was very young , imagine being twenty , italian ( as in from italy ) , and having to tell a bunch of 40-60 years old americans what they have to do . 
  i believe it was a joke on anglophones being the only ones to put the day after the month in dates, 
  wow do an ama, 
  it 's not like they 'll give a connector that 's live when unplugged, 
  dispatching spiders to help you fend off the water dwellers, 
  in europe industrial machinery runs on 400v feeds . 
  granted , thats 400v between two phases , not to neutral , but it 's still 400v, 
  i do n't know why you got downvoted . 
  this answer is correct . 
  i bought the 32gb +1 tb version and swapped out both drives ( 32gb m. 2 ssd and 1tb hdd ) with ssds . 
  the 32gb is used as cache in the default configuration , to offset the slowness of the hdd . 
  if you disable intel rapid storage whatever you can use it as a normal drive , but installing windows there is asking for trouble . 
  linux would be a different story . 
  for the brief time i used my xps 15 in this original configuration , it was unbearably slow , i think the stock hdd is slow even for hdd standards . 
  it 's a waste to bottleneck the xps ' excellent hardware this way , so i suggest you only buy this if you plan to swap one or both drives . 
  oh , changing the settings for intel rapid storage breaks your windows installation . 
  i spent about 300 $ for a m. 2 512gb samsung 950 pro and migrated my 1tb sata ssd from my previous laptop . 
  so ... what 's the in-universe explanation of how the character controls the suit 's movement ? 
  cerebral interface ? 
  2 all ` uomo nero, 
  it breaks ** existing ** windows installations ( in my experience ) . 
  if you swap both drives and perform a clean install , you can do whatever you want to the storage configuration . 
  just do n't change it after you 've installed . 
  with the big battery ? 
  well that 's impressive . 
  naples is the worst city in italy when it comes to following traffic rules . 
  it 's like a different state . 
  i have some in my workshop ( as in work , not hobby ) which are probably 20 years old and still work perfectly , and it 's not like they have n't been abused, 
  i 'd have to check . 
  i think one is a ridgid , but i do n't know about the others, 
  * groan * , this comment , every time ... 
  so fucking tired of it . 
  shows you 'd rather talk than work . 
  adjustable wrenches have their uses , and if you ca n't understand that , well , probably you 're not a professional . 
  my old asus used to give me around 30 % more battery time in linux than windows . 
  my new dell lasts almost half the time in linux compared to windows . 
  no idea . 
  on neither one i 've performed any tuning though , honestly . 
  it 's actually `` i want software from the current century '', 
  really ? 
  hell , better downvote you then !, 
  built my own with decent results for 350 $, 
  and i do n't want the bank to get a cut on every purchase i make . 
  fuck the bank . 
  in italy it depends , but usually it does . 
  here it does n't cost the customer anything , it 's the business you buy from that pays . 
  wo n't be a problem as long as i 'm not forced to use their service . 
  at that point it 's like a tax . 
  if you pay cash you pay the same price as you would pay with the card , so no , it is n't the customer who pays , it 's the seller . 
  the customer does n't pay any additional fee , and the fee that the seller pays depends on their contract with the cc company , not the customer 's . 
  i 've had mine for 2 months , and it 's flawless . 
  the only issue was the original windows installation which did n't work . 
  reinstalled and problem solved . 
  and throw that away, 
  the prosthetic, 
  pandora ? 
  bulega got himself a new fan, 
  fenati being a sour ass about bulega, 
  on the italian tv he said some stuff about teammates not helping and hindering him instead ... 
  did n't make much sense to be honest . 
  i understand about adrenaline and all , but he should have kept his mouth shut . 
  he comes off as a bit of an asshole, 
  weird that morbidelli has n't been penalized . 
  it looked to me as though as he moved too . 
  being investigated now . 
  at 6 laps left . 
  sounds stupid . 
  imagine the drama ... 
  first fun few laps , now : boooooring, 
  only saving graces of this race : the ducatis . 
  colin edwards, 
  he 's not allowed to ride . 
  he speaks mostly italian mixed with a little spanish on the italian television ... 
  he 's awkward anyway . 
  shit, 
  from what i 've heard there 's a lot of support for young riders in spain . 
  as for italy , especially in the north , our typical breakfast is gasoline with brake pads . 
  i 'd be extremely worried walking around with 84kw of energy in my backpack . 
  holy shit the neo900 sounded interesting , but 480 $ only buys you 40 % of a device ? 
  meaning that the final price would be 1200 $ ? 
  does bluetooth work for you ? 
  i had to swap the network card because bluetooth did n't work on linux , but now it does n't work on windows, 
  yes , i did . 
  wifi works but bluetooth does n't . 
  it gives me an error . 
  depending on what type of welding it is , you can occasionally do that , but you need to know how .
