  i leave in the morning for work with my printer building stuff and my roomba cleaning my floor . 
  it is very ... cool :d, 
  it happens to me too when i boot my xps15 while connected to the external monitor . 
  i have fedora 25 without the proprietary nvidia driver . 
  and no steam . 
  sorry forgot to mention it 's the kde spin . 
  and yes , it 's an external 4k display on displayport plus the laptop 's own 4k screen . 
  ok , i missed this one ... what 's `` activated '' food ? 
  magari ha le galline . 
  that does n't sound good . 
  i liked being able to mix parts and build my environment , like using a different panel and so on ... 
  i was n't either and it still turned out to be shit, 
  that 's not compatible with global warming, 
  e ciro, 
  there 's an heating element for water, 
  my xps15 came with a windows install that refused to boot . 
  and once i reinstalled , it did in fact give me bsods often . 
   it 's pretty tricky to do online , though . 
  after some practice , i can now do it in my sleep . 
  had to increase my sleep time from 30 mins to 45 , though . 
  if only they were n't taking their sweet time bringing season 2 over to europe ... 
  hai mai guardato la tv del mattino ? 
  the only thing that 's missing is a way to change the first layer settings according to filament, 
  honestly i prefer slic3r 's ui compared to cura for example . 
  at least it looks like a proper software and not like a game . 
  the only problem for me is poor support for hidpi, 
  it 's not a big improvement from the stool , honestly, 
  if those he listed are the lowest numbers , no more than 7 i guess, 
   and as much as they love rossi , he 's just a rider, 
  not really . 
  not after so many years in the sport . 
  lorenzo 's a learner , though . 
  give him time . 
  i really wish you to shit your pants this season, 
  aaaand you get brain damage and facial reconstruction instead !, 
  npm warn reddit-place-italy@1.0.0 no repository field . 
  noooo i do n't like brown, 
  an european war would fuck the world up enough that any current considerations would be worth exactly nothing, 
  i built the first incarnation of my p3steel for about that price, 
  i think this year it 'll be hard to forget oliveira, 
  phhhh !, 
  * ... you may say i 'm a dreameeeer ... *, 
  terminal blobification, 
  napoli is n't really indicative for the rest of italy . 
  it 's like a city-state , 
  lucio looks like a very nice guy who can get real nasty if you anger him, 
  with mav pointing out `` but i 'm number 1 '' and rossi going `` oh you ! '', 
  it 's lucio , luccio 's a fish , 
  yeah , just a bruise, 
  i think that the honda is a much more maneuverable bike than the ducati , i 'm not sure marc would manage to toss the latter around the same way as the first, 
  he does own a merchandising company after all, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i believe in the us people usually talk about gross salary , while in europe it 's more common to talk about net salary, 
  care to clarify ? 
  rossi is talkative and funny . 
  idk about international interviews , but on italian tv he 's always courteous and gives detailed answers ( even when they bother him as he 's watching the moto3 start ) . 
  that 's different from `` i felt good , the setup was great , i 'd like to thank the team '', 
   if one has a legitimate ( purchased ) licence for software - it does not matter if one torrents it - that person has the right to use that software . 
  except when you violate the license . . 
  if the license says there 's a limited number of reinstalls , and you agreed , then you have to follow that agreement . 
  the solution is simple : ** do n't use closed-source slicers ** . 
  open software and hardware are the locomotive of the 3d printing movement , supporting them is for everyone 's good . 
  depends . 
  the advantage of this one is that it 's pre-assembled . 
  but i seem to recall that this machine was about to get an update ? 
  edit : and as usual , it 's got a nice price increase compared to the us, 
  is that an ormerod ? 
  if you want to post text and pictures , make a self post ( text ) and add links for pictures in the text with this format : \\ [ caption \\ ] \\ ( url \\ ), 
  how is it ? 
  yeah , i think 300 $ is a bit too much , but it 's got some nice features such as wifi support . 
  and 300 $ chinese i3s are usually pretty crappy . 
  interestingly its small format is both a strong advantage and disadvantage . 
  good luck then !, 
  tax the income , not the production method . 
  it is shipped from china , so you have to pay import taxes, 
  ouch . 
  what caused this ? 
   also , is the printer supposed to make a lot of noise when it is printing ? 
  yep , they make noise at different pitches . 
  unless you get some electronics with very high microstepping ( like the duet wifi ) , then they can be almost silent . 
  you can put something under it to dampen the noise , such as a gym mat , but be careful not to skew your frame . 
  maybe you could ask on the [ openrc google + group ] ( https://plus.google.com/communities/112745535856143176146 ) . 
  right now there 's none in eu warehouses . 
  and there have n't been any time i 've checked, 
  are you happy with it ? 
  i do n't want one but friends ask about 3d printing from time to time, 
   because running it in the living room is a bit of a pain ( lots of sound ) . 
  that 's why i love my duet , my motors sound like whispers . 
  i hope that in the future more commercial printers will come with better drivers . 
  have fun with you printer , 
  big sky :(, 
  i do n't know if a d-bot is a good starter printer, 
  yeah , i 'd stay away from products only seen in renderings, 
  but you 'll need a bed anyway, 
  printing over usb in 2017 ? 
  so ... uncultured . 
  the us as a whole is way more dangerous than most of europe ... 
  the homicide rate in the us is on par with burundi , and roughly 4 times that of the large european countries, 
  honestly i do n't know enough to comment on that , but [ this wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) while titled after homicide rate , has a table titled after murder rate . 
  pei is convenient because there 's no prep , but the adhesion is n't as strong as hair spray for me, 
  it 's van .
