  thank you, 
  no , stop reading shitty news . 
  the aim of the reform was n't to give more power to the pm . 
  they are terrible , the movement comes down like a house of cards . 
  bringing the whole country down with them . 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about . 
  there are real consequences for that . 
  bella pure . 
  cause people and goods leaving and entering italy ( there are lots , italy is a `` transformation '' country ) mostly go through austria or switzerland . 
  why ? 
  the amount of material that may have transferred from the extruder to the print and from that to the juice is negligible compared to what you eat from normal store-bought food . 
  as for the bacteria , you just need to wash it above 65c . 
  what ? 
  not even a calibration cube ? 
  what do you even use your printer for ?!, 
  skylake in general has been a nightmare . 
  my audio stopped working some updates ago and never really came back . 
  does your wheel fit over the original knob , or did you remove that and used the pot 's shaft ? 
  it 's ... beautiful . 
  please delete your comment before it 's too late, 
  but what about air pressure hacks ? 
  someone may pwn your computer by yelling at it, 
  screws , but do n't be surprised if the extruder fits loosely and moves a bit during printing, 
  rats eat eggs, 
  you either print a different extruder with a clamp , otherwise you can put something on there to stop it from moving . 
  i wrapped one of those metal cable ties around the bottom of the groove and it worked, 
  war is hell, 
  life lessons are learned through pain ... and anime . 
  still better than in italy . 
  for car modding it 's easier for us to export the car to germany , have it `` certified '' by the tuv and reimport it to italy . 
  by all accounts , that 's very unusual, 
  it looks like something that could come out of my 3d printer, 
  when somebody t-bones you, 
  but putting it back together is a pain, 
   there is also text at the back of the boat . 
  if you can make out that text , you have a fantastic pritner, 
  i felt a disturbance in the plastic . 
  as if a million nerds just started calibrating their printers . 
  are the ground wires connected correctly ? 
  if the outsides of the connectors spark between each other , there must be a difference of potential between the two grounds , maybe a floating ground or a short to ground somewhere . 
  edit : do you have a powered usb hub ? 
  maybe it 's best if you continue your tests with that instead of frying your pc 's controller . 
  can you check the voltage between the metal parts of the two connectors ? 
  ( pc and arduino ), 
  the metal part outside both plugs should be connected to the ground . 
  if you see sparks there when connecting them , it could mean that one of them is not correctly grounded ... let 's check that , by checking the voltage between those two parts ( ** not ** the pins inside the plugs ), 
  [ 3d pens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=3d%20pen ), 
  get a 3d simo , it 's 4 useless tools in one , more motivation !, 
  i bought one for my sister . 
  ca n't wait to see how it in action . 
  nope , it 's not . 
  i 'm guessing the higher potential is on the arduino side , right ? 
  if so , you may either have a short in a cable somewhere , or the ramps board is busted/defective . 
  i 'm not familiar with the ramps ' circuit so i 'm not sure that 's the problem . 
  i 'd disconnect everything from the arduino + ramps , save for the psu , and see if it still happens . 
   i had the positive lead on the usb and the ground lead on the arduino when i got +12 v. 
  i 'll remove things one by one and test to see whats causing the problem . 
  wait wait ... that means it 's your computer that 's got a floating ground ... is it a laptop ? 
  / r/the _ europe ... 
  yep . 
  great , i 'm happy you solved your problem, 
  why ? 
  they probably add taxes to the us price, 
  would this work on nemo too ? 
  is that pla ? 
  also for non-prusa machines ? 
  installation instructions for linux tell you to clone from the main slic3r repo , so i guess the modifications are not exclusive to a prusa version but have been made to the main line, 
  what 's that , an hamster dispenser ? 
  i do n't know about us suppliers , [ but there 's this in germany . 
  ] ( http://www.filafarm.de/collections/collection-filabase/products/peibase ), 
  usually de-layering comes from low temperature , and is made worse by warping . 
  did you enclose your printer ? 
  when printing , each layer gets `` squished '' on the previous one . 
  adding the gap makes the layer `` not squished '' , and makes it stick less . 
  it 's not really printed in the air . 
  in italy amazon prime costs 20 $ / year ... 
  i do n't know the reason for the price difference , but it 's a real bargain . 
  actually i think when i first subscribed in 2013 it was 10 $ / year, 
  it works fine for abs , but some petg filaments require an higher temperature than it can deliver . 
  spare parts for your printer ... 
  i believe 100 $ ( or $ ) would be too much for me to spend . 
  i 'd have to buy a ton of stuff before i recouped the cost . 
  that said , i went from never ordering from amazon , to doing most of my online shopping there . 
  `` next day '' deliver for free is a game changer , especially for small items . 
  it 's a media codec , is n't it ? 
  dell qa seems very hit or miss for both models . 
  the trackpad issues seem to come from the drivers , my 9550 's trackpad was a pain on windows but works fine on linux . 
  i think it 'll be the same as your 13 . 
  some people report improvements with a different driver , but i do n't know . 
  i 'd look around , as this is a very expensive computer with many issues , one year ago there was nothing with the same combination of hardware on the market , now there may be . 
  you just need a button on the bus stop, 
  where i live , there 's multiple `` smart stops '' , and they 're rarely broken . 
  and anyway a toll free number for when the button is broken would solve that problem . 
  even if you do n't have a phone , you can flag somebody or enter a shop if you 're in the city . 
  they can use their nose, 
  it 's for the followers of the bus religion, 
  ok , this one is honestly awesome . 
  well , you should buy at least 1 quality roll from a trusted manufacturer . 
  otherwise you may go crazy trying to find the correct settings for your printer without realizing that it 's the crappy filament that 's giving you issues . 
  prusa research probably vet their sources enough to be considered a trusted supplier .
