  i was n't even replying to you , calm down and re-read . 
   it 's not as easy as y' all be making it out to be . 
  give us a bit of a break . 
  i was answering to this . 
  i think it 's important to find courage and face difficulties , you ca n't just take the `` easy '' way . 
  you may not agree or understand , but that 's your problem , seriously . 
  that the government orchestrated 9/11 ? 
  if it is in an isolated area , it 's better if you dismount your vehicle with your phone ready to dial emergency at the touch of a button, 
  sorry , non-native speaker, 
  i 'm italian, 
  [ dis \u00b7 mount, 
  to get out of a vehicle . 
  ... anyway :p, 
  by that reasoning , native americans could claim ownership of a whole continent . 
  except that this situation is still ongoing , it 's not centuries in the past , people are dying right now for this , for fuck 's sake . 
  oh but wait , it 's in the middle east , so they do n't count . 
  and who would be to blame then , and why , according to you ? 
  i hear they bring good luck, 
  blame in this case is needed to convince the international community to stop supporting a state which causes this whole situation , i 'm not saying that they should n't recognize israel sovereignty , but they should force them to stop this openly hostile behavior in an area where starting a war is a matter of minutes, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tilia maybe, 
  so what was your conclusion about these bans ? 
  not disagreeing , just asking, 
  dude , that does n't sound like a big deal ... 
  dude , you 're right . 
  my parents married when they were very young , and had children early . 
  when their love faded they stayed together anyway , and that caused a lot of problems . 
  luckily for their offspring ( :p ) , we were old enough when things got bad for real , and personally i am also grateful for having my grandparents close to me , who love each other and are absolutely the best people i know . 
  when i grew up i started to realize that almost everything positive about my personality was picked up from my grandparents , and most negative traits came from my parents . 
  what i learned from both couples helped me a lot in my relationships , and while my life is kinda rough right now , i have a partner who makes it all so much easier , and always makes me feel so good when we 're together . 
  what 's your background and how patient are you ? 
  if you need results immediately and have little electronics background , i 'd go for an arduino , extremely easy to program and with endless resources online . 
  if you want to learn something about electronics and have patience , well ... any other microcontroller is fine . 
  i use pics because they 're cheap and simple , but i think any product from a major company is fine . 
  maybe you could take a look around and see which brand has the cheapest programmers/starter kits . 
  unfortunately , `` easy '' platforms like arduino teach you skills that are difficult to apply in different environments . 
  or italy, 
  plenty of people like the beatles too , i think that was the point, 
  well , spanish is a very common language worldwide , so it makes sense to learn it if english is already your main language ... 
  the only one which would come close to those two would be french , i think . 
  as an italian , i 've learned english , i 've been taught french as a kid ( but did n't learn it :p ) and plan to learn spanish . 
  i know that speaking chinese or arab languages could be very useful in the future , but learning a latin language is way easier if you already know one . 
  if you know more , it gets even easier . 
  well , you 've got to put some effort in it . 
  had i relied exclusively on what english i 've been taught at school , we would n't be having this conversation right now ... actually once i learned the basics i 've constantly been many steps in front of the school 's program , which helped a lot , given that i was a lazy kid when it came to education , and some `` free '' good grades were always welcome . 
  nsfw warning, 
  you could give yourself a phone call . 
  `` it 's a bit cold here , pick up a coat before you leave ! '', 
  that 's probably because they are believed to have stronger morals than the average person , so they can resist corruption . 
  you have to challenge him to a duel and win, 
  not necessarily , but when he comes back from the hospital he gets his job back if you do n't kill him, 
  le fatine ? 
  things are a bit more complicated than that , if you take in consideration the whole grid . 
  these homes probably wo n't be microwaving their food all in the same instant . 
  extra demand supplied by third parties , etc. . 
  i once had an asshole border guard , or whatever he was , at the airport treat me like an idiot because i did n't understand what he meant with `` ok sir you 're geetygee . '' ... 
  `` what ? '', 
  `` you . 
  are . 
  good . 
  well fuck you . 
  you 're there dealing with foreigners everyday and you ca n't figure out that something like that is not going to be understood by an italian coming in from britain where they have a completely different accent than the one from boston ? 
  i 'd like to see him speaking italian , which is so difficult that most italians do n't even speak it correctly . 
  in italian there 's a shit-ton of those , and also some words with the same pronunciation and different meanings depending on context . 
  [ here 's a list in italian ] ( http://www.puntodidomanda.com/teatro/omografe.htm ), 
  words that can be masculine or feminine and either singular or plural , and not as simple as adding an `` s '' at the end, 
  actually , german always makes me think of old , fat sun-burnt tourists trying to herd their children . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm italian ? 
  yeah but nobody does that , tbh, 
  talk about being badass, 
  nope , it 's rude , but depends on the context, 
  who needs notches in the bedpost when you can gather scalps ? 
  as a guy : eyeliner and mascara are kind of magic , my gf does n't really use makeup a lot , and just putting these two on makes a world of difference . 
  ( well , having green eyes like she does surely helps ), 
  how much water do you drink daily ? 
  do n't dolphins also need to be conscious to breathe ? 
  i guess they have some way to do it, 
  by opening the screen first -_- ', 
  u and i too . 
  you and i. 
  swans are worse . 
  vicious . 
  deadpool !, 
  it 'd be a riot . 
  in italian it 's a slang word for `` joint '' . 
  the kind you smoke . 
  they lean towards being overweight, 
  in italy nowadays kitkats taste like shit . 
  they taste ... processed , i do n't know why . 
  is there a specific reason why you want to leave your s4 ? 
  what do you guys use ir for ? 
  tv remote ? 
  ask reddit is full of shit-smearing-stories ... makes you wonder . 
  i go to evening school . 
  the software we use for programming microcontrollers still has the 8 character filename limit from dos/win3 .11 ... and we run it on win7 machines . 
  they 're not fat , it 's just that after strengthening their wills and bodies with uncounted unresolved dependencies , misbehaving drivers and unpredictable binary blobs , they 've become giant musclebound ogres . 
  grandma to the rescue !, 
  i do n't think the phone has the superpowers required to suck more current than the charger is able to supply ... so that setting is likely pointless . 
  it 's not exactly something you can do secretly , though . 
  maybe you should check with a tester . 
  i do n't think chargers rated for 2a really supply that,
