looks like selma from the simpsons, 
  aaaand in the rest of the world you can drink since birth because nobody gives a fuck . 
  manual transmissions get better mileage and performance . 
  and they 're less costly to maintain . 
  i 'm italian . 
  i do n't make my own spaghetti . 
  that 's a pain in the ass . 
  my mother does make pasta herself ( not all of it ) only because my parents have hens that make shitloads of eggs and would n't know what to do with those otherwise . 
  never opened them this way , i buy barilla and they come in a box . 
  would n't care anyway as i have plastic containers for spaghettis and just discard the packaging right away . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm sorry , but i can only see my so on the weekends and have to spend time with our friends as well , so i do n't have much choice . 
  and i 'm 25 , by the way , not a teenager . 
  had 3 . 
  if by `` most people '' you mean `` most americans '' , i do n't know . 
  around here everyone drives manual and everyone i ride with manages to shift correctly with no problems . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  i 've had long hair since i was a kid . 
  one time while i was skipping high school with a ( female ) friend of mine some guys shouted something like `` hey cuties where are you going ?! '', 
  from one of the school 's higher windows . 
  they were a bit shocked to hear the not-so-polite answer in my not-so-girly voice :p, 
  and my build is not exactly girly also . 
  must be genetic . 
  i grew mine and then discovered metal . 
  they are . 
  i bought my black macbook in 2006 and i 've never gone back . 
  one of its ram slots got fried after 4 years of serious abuse ( i 'm kind of careless with my stuff , and i carry my laptop with me all the time ) and i replaced it with a 13 '' mbp . 
  it 's great . 
  i recently added 8gb of ram ( from 4 ) , replaced the dvd drive with a 1tb hard disk and replaced the main hard disk with a 120gb ssd . 
  and when i 'm not accessing the secondary drive it 's also incredibly quiet . 
  you mean that by the end of the movie , he 'd be completely covered in blood and grime ? 
  agreed . 
  her being angry at him for spending time with you is exactly the behavior of a cheater 's lover . 
  they 're probably worried about having short offspring !, 
  nope . 
  the one above is better . 
  she was probably fishing for compliments or something like that, 
  you 'll have to find another reason to be awesome !, 
  go to jail for his crimes , hopefully . 
  i 've usually seen people take crying men more seriously than crying women ... `` it must be something serious to get a guy to that point '', 
  because you try sticking your d * ck in the wrong holes ... 
  came here to say that, 
  even worse : i own a copy of gta 1, 
  seems to work fine on my optimus 2x with cm7 !, 
  when i 'm back home i 'll try connecting a wiimote and see what happens . 
  what happens when you bleed after giving fap ? 
  makes you feel pretty stupid :d, 
  lord , that 's so bad ... the only good thing about it is that the rsv wins :p, 
  you should have bought a cagiva raptor, 
  mine !, 
  gsx 1200 ( or 750 ) ... or an xjr and such ... 
  mmmm ... tender ... 
  thirded , thank you guys . 
  black out . 
  you know very well that if you post statements like that people are bound to demand proof ... 
  too bad it 's low resolution :(, 
  i think you are underestimating the cost of a ship , even just the hull . 
  way better !, 
  thanks . 
  looks ... strange though ... pasty ? 
  is it because of post-production ? 
  i like the effect of the weeds showing through the blurred wheat ( is it wheat ? 
  ) , this post deserves more upvotes . 
  the harbour master is quite angry , understandably , as the concordia 's captain has been bullshitting him for hours . 
  the other is more subdued . 
  it seems that after the accident the engine room was flooded , so no , i do n't think so . 
  from the phone calls with the harbour master it appears that the anchors on the other side of the ship had been lowered in order to raise the rip above the water , or something like that ... 
  dildos would be more appropriate for a pussy , y' know ... 
  not with gps , i guess ... 
  i agree that ffs is the best translation for cazzo in this context ( i 'm italian ) . 
  regarding `` figa '' , i usually simplify it as `` hot '' when talking about people and `` cool '' when talking about things ... 
  is n't that interesting too ? 
  hot and cool , 
  no , not really . 
  not in italian anyway . 
  ( people often confuse italian with italy 's many dialects ), 
  well , not unless you raped said sister or she just died in an accident or any setting in which the same question would be insulting in any language . 
  or emilia , the same . 
  in italy we ( they , actually , i do n't blaspheme even if i 'm not all that religious ) do all of that and even involve various angels sometime . 
  usually old men are famous for their ability to put out long strings of curses to various religious figures when something very upsetting happens . 
  this is italy , if they give him 15 years , he 'll be out in 4/5 . 
  or maybe they 're normal people who happen to get angry when reading about soldiers abusing minors and imprisoning them after getting coerced `` confessions '' . 
  let 's master the basics first . 
  i 'm trying to figure out if i should take offense at this title ... ( male ), 
  i 'm not exactly a guru , but here we go :, 
  first of all , if you are feeling nervous in intimacy , i think you should find someone you are comfortable with , who wo n't expect you to meet any standard ... today relationships start with sex , but it seems to me that you need to reverse that . 
  find someone who likes you and allows you to take your time . 
  stay away from porn for a while . 
  possibly a long while . 
  real girls are not perfect like the ones on the internet , with full body make-up and photoshop modifications , and if your brain is used to those , you may have problems . 
  there 's a possibility you 'll find a girl who is n't very good in bed . 
  usually it seems like the guy is the only one who has to `` be good '' , but it is n't like that , the girl has to do her part too , so you may need to have patience too . 
  relax . 
  if you ca n't relax normally , you 'll have to find another way . 
  you need to have fun without thinking too much about what you have to do , which can be hard if you 're not used to it . 
  `` always try to understand others and the way they think '', 
  this helps a lot when dealing with people , and teaching me this is probably the best thing my father has ever done for me . 
  money . 
  no , because they can be placed on the sides . 
  as would be sensible with a camera button .
