  and virtualbox has usb hotplugging, 
  well , everybody says that , if it 's true i guess it means i 'm horrible at setting up other virtualization softwares , because in my tests it 's been the better performing one . 
   i use a dell xps 13 laptop and it 's almost flawless on fedora , except for the so-so hidpi support . 
  that 's not to say it 's better on other linux distros , but the support is n't quite there yet . 
  are you against switching to kde ? 
  i use the kde spin on my xps 15 and it works pretty well , save for the occasionally disappearing panel when using the external display ... 
  off-road phone mounts for ... ? 
  bicycles ? 
  cars ? 
  motorbikes ? 
  whose bike ? 
  pasini has two levers on the left because a crash left him with a crippled right arm , so he 's got both the clutch and front brake on the left . 
  it 's cool to see jorge hugging his mechanics at the end of the race . 
   and michelin seems to finally have found the compound for a perfectly inconsistent tyre . 
  they 're doing this for the good of the championship show, 
  also lorenzo seems more laid back at ducati . 
  i think that the environment might be a bit more friendly . 
  perfect for a vampire movie, 
  and italian `` no-tav '', 
  yeah , gorgeous enough that i would n't bring a motorbike up there . 
  that family had a passion for fucking things up , on an epic scale, 
  it 's a matter of etiquette, 
  turquoise is a shade of cyan , most people would group it with blue before green . 
  and in this case it 's pretty clear what he meant, 
  or adding his user account to the correct groups, 
  heineken kegs are common enough in italy , i do n't know who drinks all that piss . 
  proper beers are less common in that format unfortunately . 
  when i 'm lucky the local supermarket stocks a paulaner one . 
  it 's because they 're helpless, 
  5 % is pretty normal for beer , and i believe heineken is around that percentage ( maybe 4,5 % ? ), 
  slots , clearances and washers help a lot when holes ca n't be precise ; after all the backside of the piece gets a lot of friction on the wall and it should n't move at all , even with slots . 
  seeing the clip makes me think that making the piece stick out more towards the far side of the handle would have helped in not stressing the joint too much . 
  aside from that , great job !, 
  imagine all the potential accessories you could mount on your arm !, 
  that looks like one cool comic, 
  no guardo le gare dove corre la gente in moto, 
  lupo mannaro italiano messicano in america, 
  not really . 
  their forest renders a service to the whole world , and by not cutting it they limit their economic growth . 
  so it makes sense for the rest of the world to pay for this service . 
  they 've got the bike to win , they needed a rider that could take it there . 
  unfortunately they choose the one who 's most incompatible with it , so it 's taking time . 
  this year moto2 has n't been that boring, 
  heat exchangers can do much better than bring both circuits at equilibrium, 
  `` the boss who put in the capital and takes all the risk is making more than me , common employee who just has to show up at work and can even reddit on company time , it 's an injustice ! '', 
  better than the shit i had to eat when i was running my own business, 
  ftfy, 
  that would be great, 
  that would be a wild show, 
  assurdo, 
  shocks are n't made out of wood . 
  0/10 disappointed . 
  you overestimate the amount of fucks given by minimum wage workers manning the post-packaging . 
  i work in the field , less importance is given to skill and experience everyday , and with the increase in automation it 's getting worse and worse . 
  you 'll have a guy operating a production line without training or overseeing who 's previous job was brick laying . 
  a dancing tree !, 
  iirc that model has a base in the pot that 's designed to allow it to oscillate , that 's why i said it 's a dancing tree, 
  hashtags have no power here !, 
  it 's not a chain . 
  it 's a cloud . 
  everybody helping everybody else makes the whole world a better place . 
  ssangyong is korean, 
  could be retraction / deretraction settings . 
  maybe check the gcode with a gcode analyzer, 
   it 's always sunny in ferrovie dello stato . 
  what not to wear :, 
  100lbs of fat, 
  10 inches of height, 
  alan could have done a lot of things much better, 
  it 's * soooo * 201 ** 5 ** !, 
  til opensprinkler, 
  do n't worry , i was just kidding . 
  this is a quickly evolving field , 3 years ago is almost middle ages , 
  moreover , do n't use the same picture of a roll photoshopped to different colours, 
  so , is it worth 15 $ ? 
  awww ... 
  i was hoping otherwise ... :(, 
  the lg optimus 2x had it in ... pre-history . 
  filament quality is also important . 
  i 've got some abs which can print reliably at 60 mm/s and other that ca n't go above 25, 
  you say that as if it 's a given that were this person not working on this distribution solo , they 'd be contributing to a larger one . 
  that 's not a given , they may not be interested in working on larger distro at all . 
  not in the developed world !, 
  where i live every job gets paid less, 
  i just start from the assumption that anything that comes out of a car salesman 's mouth is a lie, 
  well ... 
  if they sell cars ... 
  you 're trying to hard to force a paradox ... 
  i 'm guessing you 're taking about old coins ? 
  nowadays greek coins are called ... euros, 
  correct . 
  alienone is better , it means `` big alien '', 
  which does n't make much sense , as a club makes me think of something you subscribe to, 
  well , italians are pretty diverse . 
  the tv stereotypes are based on southerners because that 's where most italian emigrants are from . 
  my girlfriend 's family is from northern lombardia and they 're all tall ( guys are way over 6 feet ) and white as chalk . 
  i 'm from emilia romagna and i 'm 5 ' 10 '' with a neutral skin tone , and i 'm a bit below average height around here . 
  clean windows do n't fog up easily , so just clean them with an alcohol based product and you 'll be fine for a while, 
  ok , so they do n't like 80 % of the guys who approach them , but it does n't mean that it 's always the same group of guys . 
  women have stronger personal preferences than men in my experience , and i often hear differing opinions on the same guy expressed by different women .
