  moving to europe for medical reasons after having paid taxes in the us for all your life is n't very fair . 
  the free healthcare in europe is n't really free , it 's paid by taxes . 
  because they do n't come in the picture . 
  usually only people with high incomes have insurances , normal people use public healthcare , no insurance is needed there . 
  [ it 's the amerigo vespucci ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/rowing-team-front-amerigo-vespucci-tallship-genoa-harbor-italy-europe-52324923.jpg ) , a tall ship owned by the italian navy and [ used for training . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_training_ship_amerigo_vespucci ), 
  source : am italian , seen it docked a couple of times, 
  he lost, 
  or smaller , more numerous exhausts, 
   angular position of the wheel . 
  * movement, 
  they are relative , not absolute , so they can only measure the amount of movement , from which the designer has to calculate the position , if that 's what he needs . 
  just use duckduckgo and add '' ! gi '' to redirect to google images, 
  their staff is, 
  pandora ? 
  depends . 
  how many are you willing to set up ? 
  ddg has hundreds, 
  if you try it , you 'll see that 's not what 's happening, 
  sounds like a great way to have your kids grow up incompetent . 
  great patenting . 
  it 's the same thing here in italy . 
  schools that used to teach you how to make stuff now just teach theory and give you no chance to see it applied , making it harder to understand . 
  people around the world are n't usually aware of how much design , engineering and industrial production comes from italy , and it 's all going to hell because of shitty education . 
  i 've lived this issue from different perspectives , and it 's a real injustice for new generations . 
  i do n't want to grow children here . 
  as someone who has a hand in designing industrial machinery ( in a completely different field , tho ) , the answer is : cost . 
  maybe that thing costs 29999 $ , adding the mechanism you want costs 4000 $ , the customer does n't want to spend that much . 
  the maker community needs to reach out to this kid and encourage him . 
  we can not let this event discourage him from pursuing his passion , even partially . 
  edit : seems there 's a twitter hashtag , if you want to keep updated and check if there 's any valid initiative :, 
  great , can you imagine what will happen when somebody sees him carry something with the hackaday skull logo on it ? 
  do n't worry , with the mass of money the usa have , creativity will be imported for a long time, 
  yep , i ca n't stand glasses , i only use the face shield . 
  and gloves all the time . 
  i still burn my arms from time to time , but it 's better than burning my fingers . 
  i see no reason to put my fingers near the side of grinder 's disc . . and bare fingers are just as likely to get caught as a glove is . 
  fight wars for a couple thousand years , then grow tired and settle down . 
   call reject number feature, 
  if you mean automatically rejecting calls from a certain number , the feature exists on sony 's firmware too, 
  if you add the number to your contacts list , then open it in `` edit mode '' , the overflow menu button ( the three dots ) has a checkbox for `` automatically redirect to voicemail '' ( or something like that , mine is n't in english ) . 
  i used it on the numbers of a few annoying call centers that kept pestering me during work hours and it worked . 
  it is if you have no voicemail :d, 
  nor the crazy high frequency , which requires quality soldering to work properly, 
  how to become agent dev ? 
  that 's pretty cool, 
  / r/outoftheloop , please ? 
  italy is kinda smaller than the usa, 
  marc is scary, 
   can you blame them for taking a stronger muslim identity as a result ? 
  can you blame the eu for not wanting a country that 's so quick in turning to fundamentalism ? 
  why do n't we take the issue in our own hands ? 
  let 's downvote all the non-relevant links . 
  well , if 55 % people want drama , 45 % do n't , but 100 % want `` normal '' content , drama is still upvoted at just 55 % power , way lower than normal content . 
  we need to get out of this belief that downvoting is bad or `` rude '' . 
  it 's just voting . 
  well , we must differentiate between the `` i play at the bar every friday '' professional and the `` i 'm on a multi-million-dollar tour '' professional . 
  the second one usually has custom-built instruments , the first one only sometimes does . 
  i was n't talking about the submission , they were arguing whether instruments are designed with professionals in mind , and yes , many ( most ? ), 
  are designed with professionals in mind , but none ( except custom ones ) with big names in mind . 
  so i felt a distinction was in order , but that 's got nothing to do with the submission . 
  with wooden furniture and a stove for tea ? 
  depends on the distance . 
  would n't want to blow your cockpit off . 
  ok no cockpit puns please . 
  hopefully not , serenity 's too big for me, 
  especially since it 's a pickup !, 
  i tried that , but the battery case was essentially designed to self destruct when you try to open it, 
  visit europe, 
  it is, 
  i 'm guessing the 2 analog in are pt100 ? 
  1200s only have analog voltage inputs on the cpu , you 'd need a pt100 transmitters to use them , or an rtd module . 
  also you 'd need a tia portal license . 
  maybe you could go with some `` minor '' plc manufacturer that does n't charge for its suite, 
  also it was produced by a guy called chris roberts , who 's supposed a big deal, 
   upgraded versions are still being produced by china and russia . 
  at fisher price facilities, 
  what about the 200 maintenance men and programmers ? 
  well , the other greenhouses in the background do n't appear connected to any other structure , so it 's likely the spaceman just got in from the outside . 
  now , how that works without an airlock is the really interesting question . 
  old people are unlikely to end up short on food . 
  well clearly poor people are not the target audience for this advice , as they would buy food of they could . 
  and anyway nowadays you 're unlikely to starve to death in most civilized countries , even if you 're poor . 
  sure , it 'll write itself, 
  i have some experience in graphic design , and i make all the graphics for my hmis myself with photoshop . 
  honestly , the visual impact is on another level compared to the competition . 
  of course you need the right hardware to get the best results . 
  your argument is invalidated by europe, 
  nope . 
  * source : am italian *, 
  il problema \u00e8 sempre la privacy , per\u00f2 . 
  ... watch aprilia surprise everyone :p, 
  i agree , though he did n't do much better than the others for most of the race . 
  but he won , in the end . 
  i think all four of them are kinda tied together , it was an amazing performance by everyone . 
  ** as if there are n't idiots from any other nationality on the internet trolling or flaming on facebook or youtube . 
  oh , and you know , italy is kind of a complicated place , even people who live here all their lives ca n't really figure it out , surely someone who ca n't tell a prime minister ( berlusconi ) apart from a president ( mattarella ) ca n't really comment with any authority . 
  compatibility , unfortunately many professional softwares have no guarantee of working on win10 :(, 
  yeah well do n't buy samsung if you do n't like it , but forcing everyone on stock because of one manufacturer is bullshit, 
   the phone is placed screen-first onto a surface , which to me is the best thing ever .
