  not with nowadays ' nokias, 
  you do n't kill a cow with a calf , take a little bit from its body and leave the rest to rot while condemning the calf to death . 
  carnivorous does not mean senselessly cruel , for humans . 
  do you always answer with questions ? 
  bruno, 
  not really , it looks like you 'd keep banging your head on the `` roll-cage '', 
  as if france ( that 's like the 5th or 6th country in the world by military spending ) would need help to deal with countries in africa ... 
  hey !, 
  alligators are cute . 
  she 's got a metal skeleton like wolverine, 
  also , do n't forget that android is a fork of busybox !, 
  other women than princessadildo, 
  prosiutto di pavma , please, 
  / r/carcrash, 
  `` where the fuck am i ? 
  what the fuck am i doing ? '', 
  per cui ha un vocabolario e un libro . 
  also yoda, 
  i think it 's more a matter of kernel . 
  for example on my laptop i have installed arch with cinnamon , gnome and openbox ... 
  i see no big difference in battery between the three , it 's excellent in all situations . 
  it runs longer than on windows , despite not having the asus power4gear profiles that windows has . 
  and it 's also faster , as on windows i had to choose between speed ( higher clock ) or battery life ( clock capped ) and i usually chose the latter . 
  it was a shock for me because i 've always been used to the notion linux = poor battery life , but i guess things have changed . 
  probably android had something to do with this . 
  that said , if you stick to lightweight software , you 're more likely to have longer battery life , of course . 
  i know , but in my case it worked , otherwise i would n't have done it ... 
  yes , i 'm familiar with race-to-idle , but that was n't my case . 
  the issue is not so much the cost in money , as the cost in development . 
  if you leave for a year you lose your job , connections , and many other things . 
  it 's an action that has the potential to significantly set you back , and when you are fighting to make a position in life for yourself , it 's simply not an option . 
  i find it more comfortable to drive with my left arm at 10 o'clock position and the other on the stick , personally . 
  it also allows me to rest my elbow on the car door, 
  dunno about your field , but in mine i 'm not dealing with anyone i was working with more than 3 years ago ... 
  and on vacation you do n't really make useful work connections , relationship or gain significant insights ... now if you travel for work , that 's another deal entirely . 
  i think it 's a fear rooted in reality , honestly . 
  i know its cool to imagine ourselves as courageous travellers braving the world and gaining insightful knowledge , but the real world 's not a movie . 
  and you 're talking to someone who 's planning to emigrate from his home country to the other side of the world , so it 's not really a matter of fear , as much as strategy . 
  hopefully , then , steam will still exist when i 'm retired , decades from now ... 
  we could engineer a new type of porcupine with soft quills !, 
  there are lots of hedgehogs here in europe , but they do n't really appear as smart as this guy ... 
  the wild ones around here can grow to 20cm long , from what i 've seen, 
  well ... that 's weird for sure . 
  thanks for the suggestions !, 
   maybe an r7 265 instead of the gtx 660 ? 
  imo amd works better with their own cards ( drivers , etc ) . 
  other than that it seems fine . 
  that 's because i 'll probably install linux ( steamos or other ) in the future , and right now nvidia 's driver support appears to be better ( amd 's improving , though . ), 
  i forgot to add that i 'm subscribed to amazon prime , so i could find stuff there too , even though the price to me may not be the same as the one in other places . 
  i found the fractal design define r4 for $ 84,05 . 
  for the arch wiki you can use ! aw , and there 's also ! aur for aur packages, 
  all we got is a foot, 
  designed by mad catz & corsair, 
  yeah , it 'd be quite of an issue if it tasted like iron . 
  i really hate grinding iron , because of the way that disgusting taste sticks in my throat . 
  i had one keyboard at work which was stored with the cable wrapped around it , over time the wire had somehow melted the keyboard 's plastic and left a deep cable-shaped indent over it . 
  any * rooted * phone, 
  maybe not many , but rooting is not something anyone can do , and implies some risks and disadvantages . 
  something like xprivacy should be present on every phone without requiring modifications . 
  oh god , what kind of crappy dishwasher do you have ? 
  that 's disgusting . 
  and when you do notice and try to help those in trouble , others wo n't help you because they do n't understand . 
  just connect it to the standard 19v outlet in your car !, 
  so you can buy one for every new laptop you get , if they change voltage . 
  with the added convenience of not being able to power anything else with it . 
  i 'm pretty familiar with the concept . 
  the point is : the energy wasted here is virtually none , since a car 's alternator is going to be running anyway , and an inverter offers way more flexibility than a simple step-down or step-up converter that only outputs a certain voltage , so it 's the device to buy for this kind of job . 
   familiar maybe , knowledgable not really . 
  wow , are n't you a nice guy ? 
   plugging an inverter in and connecting some load to it will actuallly cause the car to burn more fuel . 
  negligible . 
   nevermind the fact that converting from dc to ac you get a loss of efficiency , and then another loss converting back from ac to dc . 
  nobody ever said it 's more efficient , just more convenient . 
   ok , but in this case , we 're just talking about using an inverter to power a laptop , nothing else , so the `` flexibility '' is irrelevant . 
  really ? 
  i 'm not even going to argue about this absurd reasoning . 
   you know what would be the most `` flexible '' solution ? 
  a splitter , so you can power the laptop directly with dc , and use the inverter for things that , you know , need ac . 
  splitters cost a couple dollars . 
  so your solution , instead of buying an inverter , would be to buy an inverter , too ? 
  what about an mp3 player ? 
  or ... an fm radio ? 
  not slow at all , most of those reach almost 200km/h, 
   it 's much easier for a person to do harm when their god says its ok . 
  yeah , for example the nazis did all that harm in the name of god !, 
  also stalin was very religious and had millions of his own citizens killed because he felt that was god 's wish . 
  maybe then the japanese rape of nanking was because of religion ? 
  the holodomor ? 
  ... well , maybe the issue are people , not religion . 
  unfortunately a pdf is not a simple text file , so importing it in writer would cause all kinds of problems ... 
  therefore giving up any hope of usability . 
  jar jar binks, 
  most are probably about a conflict that never happened, 
   the cell phones were bigger, 
  in the late 90s ? 
  he stabbed him, 
  good times ... 
  well , it 's really cool, 
  he really was n't that competent, 
  who cares ?
