  yes . 
  chase them when they are crawling !, 
  imagine how much 780k $ could help the less fortunate if used correctly ... 
  forgive my skepticism , but ... 
  yeah , sure , like it 'll actually happen . 
  ** if ** he is n't dead by the time the sentence takes place ( he 's 76 ) , he 'll be judged too old or sick to be put in prison . 
  i started a sex playlist the other day , i 'll keep adding :, 
  * nazareth - we are animals, 
  * acdc - skies on fire, 
  * joan jett - do you wan na touch me, 
  * poison - talk dirty to me, 
  * def leppard - pour some sugar on me, 
  * alice cooper - poison, 
  * alice cooper - bed of nails, 
  * led zeppelin - rock n roll, 
  * warrant - the power, 
  * warrant - cherry pie, 
  rhythm is important , 
  i 've seen it happen in other cases . 
  in italian it 's called `` incompatibilit\u00e0 con il regime carcerario '' which translates roughly to `` incompatibility to the prison regimen '' or something like that . 
  they usually spend their time doing home detention . 
  he used to look older ... 
  but you ca n't meet with mafiosos in your home !, 
  wow , op 's one is even better !, 
  yeah , my '96 mitsubishi pajero has torsion bars for the front suspension . 
  now i 'm curious to see what op looks like . 
  edit : meant op 's sister . 
  good riddance . 
  remember your medicine . 
  you now understand what it means to be a man : you approach many potential partners and only a small fraction of those reciprocate your interest . 
  i 'm holding back the tears of joy !, 
  it 's out . 
  hey , we 're talking about a pixar movie here ... 
  or cars !, 
  because there 's usually one or two games worth playing per bundle . 
  it 's humble , after all . 
  man , it 's supposed to be for your girlfriend ... 
  touching is what lovers do . 
  i like when my gf touches me , and if she gets pleasure from doing it , then it 's great . 
  * crying *, 
  glass bottles !, 
  makes me think of easthaven from icewind dale, 
  as the owner of a '96 2.8 td pajero , transmission-bro fist !, 
  but they can contain vcards , they are actually pretty handy when used for something intelligent instead of being used just for show . 
  my business card does !, 
  italy sucks , stay where you are . 
  source : i 'm italian, 
  big economic crisis , record unemployment , debt , corrupt politicians and public administrations , organized crime . 
  i could go on , but you get the picture . 
  fuck , everybody knows that you do n't go over 4 marijuanas !, 
  next you 're going to tell me you had 6 pastas !, 
  the best , but you have take out the tools first !, 
  where 's my upvote multiplier power-up ? 
  so you can scare away your buyers, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  do you even know what you 're talking about ? 
  source : i drink lots of beer . 
  it 's pretty simple : root allows you to use memory editors to cheat , and that does n't sit well with gamevil 's pay-to-win philosophy . 
  japan , usa and `` western '' countries are very rich compared to cuba , they do n't need help as bad as they do , though . 
  really ? 
  the richest country in the world ? 
  what you 're talking about may be a logistic or political problem , i do n't think more aid would change anything . 
  and please , it 's very ignorant comparing no tap water or electricity `` in some places '' to the third world . 
  is someone dying of malaria ? 
  is anyone starving ? 
  district 9 is pretty good . 
  it 's `` different '' . 
  i like it cause it implies more than sex , games and stuff , and it makes me think of two people who find each other sexy , which is nice , 
  now that you mention it , this sounds totally bad-ass . 
  to be honest , nobody in italy really wanted to fight those wars , except for the political leadership and hardcore fascists . 
  ( the same thing , really ), 
  well , american citizens are more valuable to the american armed forces simply because they 're the ones they 're supposed to protect . 
  if in the current situation taking action against the drug cartels would result in a higher risk to the nation 's population , then they 're supposed to stay put . 
  again ? 
  they were convicted for giving false information , not failed predictions . 
  adult ... 18-year old ... ahah ... yeah . 
  being recognized as romanian might not be much better , also . 
  as if everybody in the western world is employed at a job ( s ) he likes, 
  i do n't think that 's necessarily true , for example with smartflash or odin i guess you could flash a new rom without rooting the previous one , but virtually all custom roms are rooted , so you 'd end up with root anyway . 
  we get those all the time , wanted or not . 
  is this about you or about your boyfriend ? 
  everyone 's different , you 've got your rhythm you should do what you feel is right . 
  this is not a movie , it 's your life . 
  if you feel you should have sex or a relationship , actively seek someone right for you , do n't just accept the first proposal you get , be the active one . 
  wait for them to go away, 
  then how come for iphone users an update is the highlight of their year ? 
  have you never gave your parents a computer or tablet or smartphone as a gift and then got surprised by how much they grew to love it ? 
  one of the most important lessons apple gave us is that things being what they are does n't mean they ca n't change . 
  even drastically . 
  while pcs grew up malformed in order to keep every bit of backwards compatibility , apple just said `` fuck that '' and dropped that stuff along the way . 
  it 's still much more than any other manufacturer has done, 
  he does n't control the time travel , he 's caught in it . 
  and he decides to destroy the federation in order to ensure the romulans ' control over the galaxy in the future , which would of course help in saving them , and once he 'd finished destroying the federation he 'd simply go back to romulus and tell them everything . 
  the sides would break immediately, 
  to either make sure that whatever is after them does n't get power unless there 's enough tension ( above zener voltage ) or to avoid tension going above a certain value by connecting them with the anode to gnd . 
  they work like normal diodes except that what 's a breakdown voltage in a normal diode , becomes zener voltage for them . 
  this means that they let any tension through anode to cathode , but only tensions above zener voltage gets through cathode to anode . 
  connecting them cathode to cathode with a normal diode supposedly helps in contrasting temperature 's effects that would show with the normal diode alone . 
  hope that 's clear , english is not my language . 
  i just pictured arnold picking up the mail and , noticing a letter from the irs , running home squealing of happiness .
