  the eu is roughly half the size of the usa , for reference . 
  much better . 
  but imho `` se non altro , hai questo '' is better ... `` almeno '' is superfluous, 
  not gon na click on that . 
  years of study tell me there 's a high chance of rick-rolling in primes . 
  `` jack-ass penguins '' ? 
  and even if she rejects you , you can still feel proud of yourself for gathering the required courage for it . 
  is 2006 too far away ? 
  that 's the one for me , and i 'm still not out of this shit, 
  nope , started a business ... and i 'm italian . 
  not much to say , started business , very successful at first , then got swept up in the economic crisis from which my country still has n't recovered ... you can imagine the rest . 
  batman does n't kill , tough . 
  the fine is n't 64 times the ticket , though, 
  see how devilish those pirates are ? 
  the worst menace to our civilization to ever exist !, 
  ~ ~ ok , call me when you get fined 3200 $ for riding without a 50 $ ticket ~ ~, 
  scratch that , call me when you get fined $ 5000 for riding without a $ 78 ticket, 
   i 'm sorry your narritive does n't fit reality . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  he meant the computers, 
  hmm ... a new laptop is unlikely as i can not spare the expense right now , and i 'm very satisfied with the current one ( it actually packs quite a punch for a subnotebook and has great battery life ) . 
  also , it has a geforce 610m , which is supposed to have hdmi 1.4 , though i ca n't find any clear information on this . 
  unfortunately my laptop has no docking connectors or capabilities of any kind :(, 
  thanks anyway !, 
  i tried some time ago to sell it for 400 $ ( new it was 1300 $ ) but i had no luck ... now i kind of changed my mind and i would like to keep it . 
  i 'll try that , thank you !, 
  unfortunately all i have is usb ( 2 & 3 ) :(, 
  yeah , it runs at lower resolutions , but there 's some kind of `` static '' going on . 
  hate mail ? 
  for providing links ? 
  i guess that 's the result of idolizing frontier justice and believing that `` the end justifies the means '' ... 
  `` mi sono rotto il cazzo '' in italian is pretty common and has the same meaning !, 
  but putting children of different ages together is kind of risky, 
  they 're other people 's vehicles . 
  stolen ones . 
  do you guys take turns at getting bitten by radioactive spiders ? 
   open-casket funerals seem to be a custom in many places , including generally catholic countries , such as italy . 
  i 've been to plenty of italian/catholic funerals with open lids . 
  not true . 
  it 's definitely not an italian custom and not a catholic custom . 
  i 'm italian and i 've never seen an open-casket funeral in all my life . 
  not really a custom around here , the caskets have a metal lining which gets welded shut before placing the wooden lid , and from what i 've seen , this is done after the wake , before the funeral . 
  so no , it 's be pretty hard to have an open-casket funeral . 
  well this is a cool one, 
  i think almost anything , save for ios devices and obsolete mobiles , can play html5 video nowadays , is n't it so ? 
  horsepower, 
  not really . 
  the minimum is usually 3 for blank tests and 2 for punitive grades . 
  -32 is impossible , and if that happened it was worth nothing , as it would n't really stand with the school 's organization . 
  phones are more expensive here . 
  you can convert those 800 $ directly to 800 $, 
  nope . 
  i 'm italian and i 've visited the usa , so i met people who were not traveling ... you really are louder and friendlier than average . 
  in italy , when you 're young and stupid and you need to open a bottle of wine , you push it inside the bottle . 
  very annoying . 
  exposing your junk to a bunch of children is not the same as raping them . 
  especially if it was unintentional . 
  includes russia, 
  that 's because reddit is chock full of kids who parrot nonsense caused by polluted group-think . 
  polluted , not political, 
  since no germans are appearing : in italy with wind i spend 7 $ a month for 2gb +300 minutes , and 5 $ for a 3gb addition . 
  you have to see which carriers are popular in the area and go to their websites to compare the offers . 
  idk about germany but in italy it 's better to stick to the big ones who own the networks , because the smaller ones lease bandwidth from them and rarely give you a better deal . 
  oh and the best offers usually come out in the summer, 
  that 's something i realized some time ago when i was thinking about in-app-purchases in modern games ( especially for mobiles ) ... 
  i was like `` wth , you 're paying someone to change a few bytes on their server ... you give them real money and they give you back ... nothing . 
  like hell i 'd do that . '', 
  then i realized that banks are the same . 
  well , whole pieces of software are different , as they have a function and actually * do * something . 
  but changing how much `` gold '' you have in the last f2p mobile game from 100 to 10000 ? 
  is that worth 20 $ or $ or whatever ? 
  that 's one rule i do n't fully agree with . 
  not really, 
  the cover says `` men 's fitness '', 
  downvoted ? 
  the score 's still hidden to me, 
  as the one making the accusation , you 're the one who 's supposed to bring proof , not him . 
  the way you formulated , yes , it is an accusation . 
  also , your continuously challenging tone is further proof . 
  great show :d, 
  but so what is `` you '' ? 
  your personality ? 
  but personality changes continuously ... 
  the you of today is not the same you of 5 years ago . 
  so what ? 
  do `` you '' really exist ? 
  i do n't use hangouts , but attaching any kind of file is very easy if you use services such as dropbox , thanks to android 's share function . 
  rimini is in emilia romagna , which is considered as part of northern italy, 
  you can connect laptops to external displays and peripherals . 
  that 's what i do , it allows me to work on the field and at the office with the same pc , i have a nice 24 '' display , a keyboard and a mouse , 1gbit ethernet ready to be plugged in and so on . 
  i 'm not a developer but i do code occasionally and also do some graphics/photo editing together with the usual documents and spreadsheets . 
  i travel quite a bit and being able to bring my `` office '' with me is very useful , also i need my laptop to interface with the industrial machinery my company produces . 
  core i7 2640m + 8gb ram is n't the fastest machine around nowadays but it works pretty well for a laptop . 
  gaudy . 
  yeah i would , if welding with your hair undone was n't the worst possible idea . 
  * before you start messaging me , i 'm a guy with long hair *, 
  ... with coffee . 
  not likely , but you would deter the oligarchs who make the decisions, 
  it 's actually a game about grinding zeroes,
