  worst case scenario if the other , better , solutions are n't viable :, 
  measure the resistance of the voltage divider created by the pot ( so between pins 1 and 2 and 2 and 3 ) , find the closest size resistors , install those in place of the pot . 
  you could also install a switch to select between the 2 work modes . 
  i know people , i know , no need for expletives ... 
  it 's just that sometimes you have to hack something together . 
  also , a lot of people also do n't realize the cost of running a business . 
  they see an item sold at heavy markup and think it 's a scam , but they forget all the other costs of running a business that have to be paid by selling that item, 
  honestly , even in italy most people do n't buy 100 % italian olive oil , as it 's very expensive unless you buy from the producer or from relatives / friends . 
  the various italian mafias probably move an amount of money comparable to walmart 's . 
  they control many italian and foreign politicians and officials . 
  while in the past they were almost exclusively in the south of italy , now they 're pretty much everywhere . 
  in the north they may not go asking for protection money to every shop and small business , but where there 's lots of money going around , you have a good chance of finding the some mafiosos . 
  2 weeks later , you finally reboot , and your de has completely changed, 
   even catholics require some sort of dress code in church in most countries and nuns have to wear a habit at all times in public . 
  yeah , men have to take their hats off when in church , pretty different . 
  and i also believe i 've met nuns in `` civilian '' clothes . 
  i believe that mac os x is the same way, 
  here in italy people dress more formally when going to church too , but it 's just a custom , and nobody is going to throw you out of the church for wearing t shirt and shorts, 
  i do n't get notifications , but checking the details page , my order placed on 16/12 had the delivery delayed from 19/01 to the 21th , then 25th and now it 's 28th , though it changed to `` in production '' status . 
  i also had a lot of trouble with the payments ... 
  it 's not like i did n't know what i was getting into when i ordered , but i still ca n't understand how a giant company like dell can be so unprofessional . 
  yeah the freelancer 's cockpit screams `` long haul comfort '' to me, 
  [ smeg . 
  i thought it was a reward for finding him, 
  compressed air or water jets only . 
  wiping dust scratches the glass !, 
  well tbh your car gets dirty mostly because of water, 
  things well made are by definition more expensive than normal . 
  otherwise they 'd be normal themselves , not well made . 
  yes , and that 's why it 's expensive, 
  4k/holy shit err ` day, 
  is n't the sd card going to be slower than an usb3 stick ? 
  they make very small sticks which would probable extend out less than the sd , also . 
  wow , cool . 
  i think i have it on gog , i might just try that once my unit arrives . 
  i do n't know , camera mirrors are pretty small and do n't require much energy to shake ... and they 're also vertical most of the time . 
  2017 the year of the rpi zero cluster, 
  who knows . 
  some received it early , it seems . 
  myself , i ordered on december 16th , the first estimated date was january 19th ... 
  they shipped it yesterday , do n't know how long it will take to reach me . 
  oh , you 'll find one ... 
  but it will turn out to be a cheap knock-off which will give you 1 hour of battery life ... for the first two weeks . 
  i swear laptop battery replacement is a nightmare . 
  if the coil whine happens only when plugged in , it may be the charger . 
  this happened to me with my previous asus laptop . 
  i bought a spare charger which did n't cause any whine . 
   the disappointing `` small apps '' that used to live in the task switcher ( and which i never used anyway ) are gone . 
  wtf i use those all the time . 
  stop hating . 
  and they say arch is hard ... 
   just ask the seals , who are just play things for the orcas to toss around for fun before eating them , or sometimes not eat them just 'cause . 
  cats do this to any animal smaller than them . 
  and we keep cats as pets . 
  i received mine friday and it 's great . 
  the screen is unbelievable !, 
  the keyboard takes some getting used to but it 's fine . 
  the trackpad is ... unfriendly , but as many other things , it 's microsoft 's fault . 
  i had to reinstall windows , though . 
  does n't matter as i already planned to do so . 
  if you get it , the 32gb ssd + 1tb hd is sloooow , this machine deserves a real ssd , if you want you can buy it just to replace the disks ... like me . 
  sounds like someone who knows what it means, 
  kind of light on content, 
  very subjective too : `` it 's not my preferred size for a laptop '' . 
  i guess others only review stuff they like ... 
  do you have ssd only or the hdd + ssd ? 
  mine was slow as hell on the hdd , slower than normal even for a spinning drive . 
  after i changed the ssd to a bigger one and installed windows there , things changed drastically , of course . 
  at this point i 've grown used to the keyboard , but the trackpad still has a weird acceleration curve . 
  in linux it 's better but not perfect to me . 
  granted , i have n't messed around with any driver yet . 
  i 'm kind of missing the home and end keys but the fn + arrow combinations are n't that terrible . 
  have you tried enabling `` legacy boot '' ? 
  you 're not supposed to use legacy boot to install windows 10, 
  how did you prepare the usb ? 
  using the microsoft tool ? 
  never tried that , i used the tool to prepare the usb drive directly and it worked perfectly . 
  uefi boot is finicky , you should stick to the `` standard '' procedures . 
  you could buy a longer `` mickey mouse '' power cable , the one that goes from the home plug to the brick . 
  so did you use rufus with the other usb stick , or did you use the ms tool ? 
  ok so here 's the thing : the macbook is very overpriced when you compare specs , it 's like they 're scamming you , but ... 
  it lasts forever . 
  i love my new xps , but i do n't really believe it 's going to last longer than my macbooks did . 
  because they need their computer ? 
  it 's not like they planned on doing it when they bought . 
  e la stepchild adoption ? 
  just tested this : to me it does n't look too bad , of course it 's a little blurry , but not unbearably so . 
  windows seems a bit more blurry than cinnamon on linux . 
  why would n't it be safe ? 
  loving st more and more every day, 
  gravel, 
  un-updated software from microsoft ? 
  what could go wrong ? 
  more like accusation and rebuttal, 
  nope , but there 's worse . 
  like guineafowls and quails . 
  i guess it 's telling you to go read at your own place, 
  why ? 
  just bleach everything !, 
   make a meat-based sauce only vaguely similar to the ragu typical to bologna , and maybe serve it with spaghetti rather than tagliatelle , so what ?
