  while i 've never driven any of them , the new citroens look pretty hot too . 
  a chair is clearly feminine . 
  barbarian . 
  not really , honestly . 
   also some grammar rules have changed from since i was in school so now i 'm out of the loop on some of that stuff . 
  you need to download the latest service pack !, 
   what if they were drunk, 
  well their drinking problem is solved now, 
  they have more experience than him when it comes to lies, 
  turns out every chromium tab is a virtual machine instance, 
   fwiw petrucci was the one guy who stood out to me as being an amazingly sweet guy 100 % of the time . 
  he 's engaged to the female host of the italian post-race show `` race anatomy '' , [ irene saderini ] ( http://www.ilrestodelcarlino.it/pesaro/danilo-petrucci-irene-saderini-monteluro-1.1259804 ) , they look like a nice couple , 
  whoa, 
  few ports , no ethernet . 
  i know thunderbolt 's supposed to be the cure to that problem , but i loathe having to carry adapters , hubs and breakout boxes . 
  also he 's allegedly good at developing the bike , so even if he does n't win , he 's a good investment, 
   you live in the pork 's fence, 
  as someone from emilia , i 'll say that while i do n't live in the `` pork fence '' , i live [ very close to it , and i love it !, 
  ] ( https://chefdarrenbrown.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/july-2012-057.jpg ), 
  also , considering how much italian technlogy there is in motogp , and how many italians , work to give spanish riders their bikes , it would be sensible for marquez senior to eat shit and die . 
  the burden of proof is on the accuser . 
  there 's no way to prove that they invaded private property without the videos , so we have the iene accusing the marquez family of battery , for which they have some evidence , namely their wounds , and the marquez family accusing the iene of trespassing , for which they have no evidence . 
  i do n't trust anyone of those involved , but the marquez ' position seems weaker . 
  aaaand that 's exactly what i said, 
  i do n't think they care ... 
  this year 's been fantastic for them , they 've got a rider winning the championship and the other coming in second , either way . 
  you do n't get it . 
  they ca n't be considered intruders until it 's proven that they entered private property without the owners ' consent . 
  the marquez family is accusing them of intruding , and they have to give proof to support that accusation . 
  installed carmageddon, 
  can you expand on this ? 
  i 've been using cinnamon for a long time now on my laptop , connecting it to an external monitor almost every day at the office , but i disable the built in screen so i 'm a bit curious . 
  gdm works fine for me, 
  ~ ~ well , rossi does have a 7 point advantage ~ ~, 
  edit : well , this comment makes no sense anymore since the above post has been modified, 
  the parent post was saying something completely different before the edit, 
  it 's probably indexing stuff , and only does it when plugged in to avoid killing your battery, 
  i think marquez will simply race for the best position . 
  this scandal grew to epic proportions , it would be an incredibly bad idea for him to openly hinder rossi again . 
  `` oh no , i have my own place !, 
  the humanity ! '', 
  guys ... stop daydreaming ... 
  ok someone save me 20 $ and convince me to not buy the d&d remade bundle even though i already have the standard versions, 
  it 's `` take him out '' or `` take it out '' ( allusions to genitalia ) , but it 's kind of dialect/slang . 
  it 's kind of `` long live the pussy '' and `` hooray for pussy '', 
  if he pops a wheelie , does he fly away ? 
  lorenzo flies away and is n't seen until the finish line , marquez gets ahead of dani but ca n't reach lorenzo , dani stays in 3rd , rossi gets around 5/6th . 
  he 'll wait to be sure that pedro will finish third and then pass jl, 
  a shame . 
  i used to like him for his all out style , but after this , i do n't know how could anyone not spit at his face on sight , let alone respect him in any way . 
  only pass in the race ? 
  against pedrosa who was reaching jlo . 
  people keep saying that he 's young ... 
  he 's 22 , not 16 , ffs !, 
  the points table would have been different without match fixing, 
  it meant that time will heal wounds enough to let them stand each other somehow, 
  ok , that 's kind of excessive . 
  to be fair iannone only rode one wheel off !, 
  pretty sure he 'll be the first to adapt, 
  i want to think he was amazed by the damage himself and wanted to check it out :d, 
   pretty sure they do n't hand out trophies for that though, 
  they do hand out money , though . 
  `` next year ! '', 
  if you want i should have a recording of that , but he said it in italian anyway, 
  iannone showed at pi that he was n't doing vr any favours , even though i believe he would have let him through this time . 
  dovizioso at best tolerates rossi , he got passed and then fell back through the grid . 
  petrucci clearly let him through , but come on , it made no difference at all , he would have been passed anyway . 
  pirro ? 
  that 's beside the point , they could n't know the future . 
  it 's not just about rossi , but also mm and jl , i mean , we can argue all we want but let 's do it as grownups , ffs, 
  i wonder if the engineers are all from japan, 
  well , iirc it 's not rossi 's stardust , but it 's from the team he stole from honda when he left :d, 
  waitaminute . 
  snakes descend from animals with legs ? 
  and * anyone * is more correct than * everyone * , 
  well , i knew about cetaceans , but i guess i never considered snakes ' evolutionary path, 
  with the recent slowness of the front page that sounds like torture, 
   is the riding not entertaining enough ?!, 
  well , honestly it depends ... 
  watching jorge do time trials in front of everyone else is not very entertaining . 
  marc is more fun , for example , but you ca n't help being worried all the time . 
  there 's no way around it , rossi is still the most entertaining rider to watch , people do n't love him simply for his jokes in broken english . 
  they needed the germans in order to fix their behavior, 
  and that 's usually a bad idea, 
   take away the problems that lorenzo , marquez and pedrosa each had this year and rossi would n't have stood a chance . 
  take away the problems rossi had but overcame , and he 'd probably be champion too . 
   i mean , ffs , rossi accused him ( and the public lapped it up ) of helping lorenzo at phillip island . 
  yep . . the race where marquez overtook lorenzo in a risky move on the final lap to take the chequered flag . 
  rossi has lost the fucking plot . 
  at first i believed the stuff about pi was bullshit . 
  then came sepang , and i started believing him , i mean , the desperate overtaking was pretty suspect . 
  then came valencia , which was a shame , a farce . 
  i do n't know how you can accuse rossi of having made this up . 
  i especially like the reasoning i see sometimes `` marc did what he did at sepang because of rossi 's attack about philip island '' ... what ? 
  you mean he decided to do exactly what rossi was accusing him of doing to get back at him ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  well , melandri was just phoning it in , honestly , that 's a different issue, 
  well if the rivalry with rossi was stressing him out , imagine what getting rammed by marquez in every race would do, 
  it 's not like spending 10000 $ on shipping that stuff would put a dent in their motogp budget, 
  [ toronto ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@43.8233713,-79.3253785,3a,75y,339.06h,79.22t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1seznoz77ofpibiwzvigxzgg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ),
