  well , cameras in phones are not supposed to be monitoring you , they 're for taking pictures and videos when you wish to . 
  it 's not the same as having a security camera every five steps . 
  by that standard , anything that is n't the bare essential required to stay alive is a luxury . 
  it 's easy to guess what he said if you read the other replies . 
  and i inferred that because that 's exactly what you said . 
  while not * necessary * for surviving , cooking equipment is required for preparing most meals , and humankind has been cooking food for tens of thousands of years . 
  so saying that it 's a luxury is kinda like saying that a bathroom is a luxury ... 
  no , sorry , i 'm not from the states so i would n't know, 
  i understand what you mean , but people do n't buy smartphones for the purpose of self-monitoring . 
  a market is starting to appear for lifelike masks of other people 's faces , like in the mission impossible series !, 
  the purpose matters , a lot , because the fact that people are buying smartphones does n't mean they agree to be monitored by them . 
  really ? 
  well , time period is towards the end of the enlightenment , as diderot is a famous philosopher who , together with d'alambert , created the enciclop\u00e9die , the first encyclopedia . 
  context and source i do n't know . 
  my surprise comes from the fact that a simple google search can answer your questions and is quicker than asking . 
  ... but cooking equipment is not a luxury . 
  i do n't know about old people , but i 'm in my late twenties and i attend evening school , learning is way easier than ten years ago for me , i find myself facing the same problems i saw long ago and now they are easy . 
  so i 'd say i 've gotten smarter over time , not dumber . 
  the second one, 
  well , for me free time is a problem : the more i have , the less i do !, 
  i 've noticed that if there 's something that keeps me running , then i can keep the pace all the time , but if i stop , then i stop everything . 
  that 's why working during the day and going to school in the evening works well for me : i never stop . 
  sometimes it can be a problem , but i 'm happier this way in the end . 
  in regards to aging and learning ( gross generalizations ) : what i 've noticed is that people over 40 often * refuse * to try and learn something , deciding that they just * ca n't * outright . 
  i guess after a while not everybody feels like the effort is worth it . 
  twist : culby is actually a hobo in an abandoned building, 
  ... and then have him chase children . 
  but is there any research data upon which they could base their implementation ? 
  well , it worked !, 
  he wrote cat scratch fever , that motorhead made a cover version of, 
  ... and that 's why he uses a screen protector that can be thrown away when worn out . 
  not in my opinion , honestly . 
  it 's supposed to be compatible with my xperia t , but when i enter a vehicle the screen freezes and stays like that until i exit the vehicle , though i can still hear the sounds and if i use the controls the car moves , i just ca n't see it until i exit, 
  stephen hawking does n't exist, 
  they conspired to ruin hawking 's image . 
  next step , fabricated evidence of anti-semitic agenda found in hawking 's house . 
  dude ... my rott died this week of cancer , you just made me cry , it had n't happened in a long time ... she was just like you said , my family never had physical confrontations , but whenever an argument came to yelling , she always put herself in the middle and barked or whatever until we stopped . 
  she always made sure we were safe , in every way available to her , and all with just a ridiculous amount of training . 
  kitty distribution device ? 
  she was 13 , pretty old for their standard ... 
  yeah , i know ... 
  thanks . 
  and there 's a shitload of r&d required, 
  gladly and swiftly . 
  looks like a tram to me, 
  i was about to write that . 
  i still eat coco pops !, 
  the old woman at the town store always used to tell me how she remembered my mother buying them for me since i was a little kid . 
  yes , you got ta check the data sheet, 
  by that you mean the last decade and a half ? 
  are you saying georgia is an european country ? 
  because if you 're otherwise counting russia as one and we 're considering the wars in which europe is taking part on foreign soil ... well , we 're currently at war . 
  may i ask why you own three 3d printers ? 
  i own 0 . 
  i 'd like to build one tho ... 
  it 's an interesting topic for me also , one day i plan to build one myself . 
  unfortunately right now i have 0 free time and little money , so i ca n't do it , but one day i definitely will . 
  prima di una bella pepperoni pizza, 
  1 - look at the plates , this is in europe ( uk ? 
  ) , everybody knows how to drive a manual . 
  2 - the place looks like some kind of car scrapyard , the car being loaded is missing its whole front , so it 's probably junk . 
  i think this car had a bad clutch and the driver tried a stupid maneuver to get up the ramp , resulting in this . 
  all this touching of lawyers is making me uncomfortable ... 
  nope , i do n't have the app and i 'm not really a tumblr user so i would n't know ... 
  out of stock :(, 
  i need to replace the broken one on my laptop !, 
  maybe sexual abuse-y , it 's not like a 6 years old can actually rape anybody who 's not completely disabled . 
  you 'd probably get spanked . 
  after all she went through she probably did n't look very attractive . 
  chilliest meteor around, 
  student debt in italy : the 3 $ you owe to that guy who paid for your photocopies 2 years ago, 
  unless they 're called tuco, 
  as an italian , nobody in my government is competent enough to perform internet espionage, 
  too much of an hassle for a criminal . 
  if there is n't an easy way to do it , they 'll find a different solution to their problem . 
  it sucks because good people are good with the bad people , the bad people abuse this advantage , and it takes just a few bad people to ruin a community . 
  god i love that part . 
  rorschach is such a bad ass ... up till the end . 
  but do n't be an asshole if the guy she wants to marry is n't like you, 
  they 're both yellow , they ought to go well together , right ? 
  neither is the inside of a banana . 
  i 've performed countless linux installs over the years and i ca n't even code o.o, 
  dictators are just amateurs who ca n't manage to stay on top in other ways . 
  dude , i 've been to a bar here in italy with the same thing . 
  that day i saw my dick in ways i never imagined before . 
  do n't worry , it 'll pass, 
  but is n't allowed to do shit about anything . 
  you ( we ) enjoy a useless freedom of speech , but not the freedom to act . 
  ( i 'm not even american , but in my country it 's the same ), 
  but if really believe in them you 're ready to face the worst . 
  like the guy who started all of this . 
  you might be spiderman, 
  to be precise , the po valley does n't reach switzerland , it ends at the alps ( it 's a valley after all ) , 
  and `` nearly-aosp '' smartphones + collaborations with cyanogenmod, 
  because other parties are inept , because many italians are in trouble with taxes etc and hope that while he 's helping himself he 'll help them indirectly , and because a lot of people are stupid . 
  the 720p screen on my xperia t accounts for more than half of its battery consumption ... 
  i rooted and did some work with betterbatterystats , titanium and greenify and now the power consumption when idle is almost non existent ( probably more than two days ) , but whenever i use it i hear the battery scream in agony . 
  it lasts a full day ( 16 hours ? ), 
  on average with my usage if i do n't play games or such . 
  yes , you 're not using your smartphone .
