  yes it is , normal hours would be 40, 
  here in italy 40 is the standard , often with some more as overtime . 
  shift workers work 35 hours usually, 
  here in italy 40 is the standard , often with some more as overtime . 
  shift workers work 35 hours usually, 
  well , he 's a kid , of course he 'd be writing wlf everywhere at that age, 
  and built out of bricks too, 
   they still struggle to get rid of some comments , you have to understand two languages , the code and german . 
  that means that they just need german programmers , as anyone with the skills to work on lo will almost certainly speak english . 
  worse than it working , but us being unable to understand why ? 
  ok , earth is a slightly curved plane !, 
  especially the abb robot arm which is way overkill for what it does, 
  b-but ... 
  but ... tesla !, 
  i have a nokia a2dp dongle with ... an audio jack !, 
  usb mhl supports media output and charging at the same time , there 's no reason why lightning would n't be able to do the same . 
  just need to have the device syndicate the correct mode . 
  we 've been using the wheel since the neolithic , we should just phase it out !, 
  just do n't do that in italy or france , cause the law says you have to donate unsold food, 
  [ i will bring death eternal, 
  and my name is a killing word, 
  i am the hand of god, 
  who will lead you all to true freedom ] ( https://youtu.be/7bkysl6jr0c ), 
  mine too had problems getting the contacts to work . 
  now i have an mx anywhere for my laptop that works awesomely . 
  i think i charge it roughly once a month ( i use it everyday ) , and it really work on any kind of surface , which is great in my line of work . 
  i 'd be screwed in a place like that . 
  i ca n't weld for fuck without gloves and i ca n't grind without the face shield . 
  i 'd probably end up as the company bitch . 
  from hand injury to ptsd in one simple step, 
  pirro top , btw, 
  i loved the little fist pumping he did when they showed him the time after he came back, 
  ducati 's decision is sound . 
  they needed a second pilot , and iannone would n't have played nice with that . 
  dovi 's much more professional , and apparently good at developing / setting up the bike , which at least in the past lorenzo was not . 
  well , i 'm sure firing one of the riders was hard already , replacing both would have been dramatic, 
  jorge can hammer times for a whole race , it 's the battles where he loses his pace , so the usual strategy would be to not let him run away , keep him tied up, 
  \\ #pirrochangebike, 
  \\ #desmopirro, 
  b-a-l-d-a-t-t-a-c-k !!, 
  side note : ** balda attack !, 
  [ these guys took inspiration from piaggio 's mp3 ] ( http://www.quadrovehicles.com/ ) . 
  it 's a scooter , though . 
  do you want to get boned that bad ? 
  flood-prone areas are off-limits , though . 
  we have leftovers from the ones apple is n't using !, 
  the boys in accounting told me it makes no sense , so i decided to put three !, 
  cave johnson out !, 
  he surely would n't be one for removing features !, 
  con fritto misto, 
  patriotism is supposed to mean that you love your country and you feel the need to go above your duty for its benefit . 
  believing you country is intrinsically better than others is a trait of fascism , not patriotism . 
  i think homicides and mass shootings do n't fall in the same category , though . 
  he raced a better race than bastianini this time , imo . 
  binder 's ktm engine superiority was embarassing this race . 
  unfortunately , service is not always top notch . 
  actually it usually is n't . 
  actually they 're separate companies that own each other , guzzi is owned by aprilia , which is in turn owned by piaggio, 
  it 's like vatican city and san marino , which are countries completely enclosed inside italian territory ... 
  but i do n't know what 's so funny about that , op must have left out some important details . 
  hey , maybe you could clear a doubt for me . 
  i have an acquaintance that had a problem with a 4th-gen golf , where it would be impossible to unlock with a flat battery , even using the key . 
  the dealership told him it 's normal . 
  it happened a few times , and once he had to break a window to get in , open the hood and recharge the battery . 
  is this normal ? 
  to be unable to open it even with the key ? 
  sky tv 's commentator and former rider mauro sanchini sometime ago did a nice examination ( he 's great ) on this phenomenon using videos from `` front losses '' by several riders , i do n't remember clearly , but i think he showed that when the honda lays down it does so in a way that the wheels lift together just enough to avoid spinning the bike , but not so much that they 're lifting completely off the ground , apparently because of the shape of the fairing . 
  he added that the reverse crankshaft may have helped a bit but i do n't remember why . 
  and of course the rider needs skill and balls , because you have to use your leg as a wedge between the bike and the asphalt , but we 're talking about marquez , so ... 
  unfortunately it 's very hard to get those videos permanently recorded , it 's a shame because he 's a genuinely intelligent and funny guy . 
  actually sky here in italy has a whole channel dedicated to motogp , which very good all around . 
  i need to find a way to record off hdmi . 
  thank you . 
  see ? 
  good service techs are rare . 
  bagnaia , bulega , bastianini ... digiannantonio ? 
  they 're probably serving ads for that item because they know you 've been looking for it but ca n't be certain that you did end up buying one . 
  is it weird that reddit likes mellow girls rather than hysterical ones ? 
  as for the guy , he 's excited , not being a pain in the ass . 
  why would a projector need drivers ? 
  it 's just a display . 
  and if it is n't , it 's very unlikely it would work instantly even on windows . 
   projectors just work on windows . 
  what is required is a capable video driver and the configured output in your system . 
  that 's my point , on both oss projectors do n't need drivers , you only need the drivers for you graphic card ( which you should already have ) . 
  i 've been using external displays for years on my linux laptops without issues . 
  projectors should n't be any different . 
  i know the op is made up , but at least make it up properly . 
  these days the less you touch xorg.conf , the better x runs, 
  that 's not normal , you should have that checked out . 
  che software piratate ? '', 
  una vita normale ? 
  `` hey , might as well kill them , if we 're wrong they ca n't complain afterwards ! '', 
  wow , that 's one quick guy . 
  i just let my exhaust rot, 
  my only complaint when it comes to cinnamon, 
  i do n't know about battlewagon-ers , but in the offroad world we put the strap on the tow hook and then inside the hatch when we expect to be needing it soon , especially when mudding , to save time . 
  it 's a small , neutral country surrounded by friendly countries , with little strategic value outside of its banks , banks where lots of powerful people put their money . 
  who could currently be interested in attacking switzerland ? 
  well , you just need to ride a motorcycle to see that .
