  this is all stock , not rooted . 
  actually stamina mode on the z3 has two modes that can be enabled together or separately :, 
  - extended standby , which stops background apps from waking the phone, 
  - extended use , which lowers the performance of the phone while in use . 
  the second one is new , it was n't available on previous phones , and it may actually cause the phone to perform worse , but honestly i have n't noticed any difference . 
  they are getting fooled by the pronunciation, 
  pet dentists * ate * him !, 
  well ... you 've got to admit that there 's a shit-ton of us, 
  now kiss, 
  yahoo 's apps are so good that i 'd buy them if i could . 
  z3c here with 7 hours of screen-on time . 
  standby is really secondary to sot , if i use it 2 hours a day it lasts 72 hours and more , but usually my pattern is 48 hours with 3,5 hours of use per day , so 7 total . 
  oh , i do n't use stamina mode , by the way . 
  my chip 's on black, 
  yet . 
  ncis and friends are going to love this, 
  white guy over here , long hair , wavy . 
  my hair does n't like being washed more than twice a week , if i go over that it gets greasy very quickly . 
  hey , cool , thanks !, 
  maybe it 's named after a big person called sandy, 
  kinda looks like a [ deimos corvette ] ( http://w3.enternet.hu/fscult/3ddeimos.jpg ), 
  they would also be arranged from bigger to smaller if it was n't for that last fool with the suv, 
  well it 's weird in this case as you guys took the word and changed its meaning , so we could say that it 's actually an ... american word . 
  peperoni ( single p ) is the plural word for a vegetable in italian . 
  as for the plural , in italian when a word ends with an `` i '' , most of the time it is plural . 
  yes . 
  please read the linked chapter . 
  he 'd better memorize some puns with several variations of the world `` alternate '' . 
  rigid . 
  because you can swap sd cards if you change phone , you have better chances of saving your data in case of accidents , and you can use them to exchange data, 
  ghenghis khan is n't a considered a prophet . 
  he 's just a piece of history . 
  no , because people look at him and his teachings for guidance . 
  nobody looks at genghis khan for guidance . 
  it 's not that hard to grasp . 
  only one species has men and women . 
  ma ... ma ... il jobs act !, 
  720p is shit , vga did much better than that way before all this `` hd '' bullshit, 
  everywhere ? 
  there 's a shitton of iron in any factory , for example . 
  he did n't finish it, 
  all i know is that of all the places i 've shipped machinery to , china is the only one where my customer had to bribe the customs officials in order to get the shipment processed . 
  who says he 's driving ? 
  album oriented rock, 
  i think this tops everything that 's ever been posted here . 
  there 's a reason we have bidets in italy ... 
  it 's not just for shit !, 
  i suggest not to root , you can remove bloatware anyway . 
  on my z3c , the only app i that i tried to uninstall and had to disable is smart connect . 
  all the others ( like facebook ) can be uninstalled . 
  is it new ? 
  the battery needs some time to get to full capacity . 
  try disabling smart connect if you do n't use it, 
  you do n't need a server for a networked printer, 
  showed up for me too ... 
  right now, 
  thanks gabe !, 
  you would n't see shit though, 
  it looks very dangerous for a motorcycle helmet ... 
  if you fell , any of those nooks and irregularities could catch onto something and ... 
  snap . 
  well , you 're joking , but thefts of parmigiano at dairies are actually kind of common : they arrive with a truck at night , break in and steal as much as they can . 
  also the name is parmigiano-reggiano , or parmigiano for short . 
  parmesan is some kind of anglicized name , but it 's often used to sell cheese which is not really parmigiano . 
  feta is made from goat/sheep milk , that does n't causes the same issues with lactose, 
  i enabled it when i bought it and then disabled it almost immediately as it kept burning through the battery charge and unlocking the phone in my pocket . 
  have n't tried it since . 
  i do n't know why other people have different experiences , but that 's mine . 
  hmmm ... what about multiple drones ? 
  the truck could drive through a neighborhood and deliver multiple packages at once, 
  my z3c is the first smartphone i own that has shown no relevant flaws . 
  i do n't think i 'll be among that billion upgrades . 
  i think android phone manufacturers have finally matured enough experience to release really solid products . 
  bug reports are daunting , though, 
  the oil on the pads, 
  but a laptop is more comfortable for that !, 
  it kind of lives on in sailfish os, 
  battery usage is much better now, 
  extended batteries also look like shit . 
  and the z3 has excellent performance anyway . 
  yeah , do n't buy it for the camera because it sucks, 
  sounds like someone from the south who 's spent some years in the north , but idk , it 's strange . 
  gta4 : `` do you wan na diiiieee ?! '', 
  do n't worry , the italian governments have been working hard to destroy everything in pompei anyway, 
  years of neglect . 
  do a google search on it if you want to feel depressed . 
  the z3c seems to have better battery life than the larger version, 
  sony needs to make future phones fully waterproof , no flaps , ports or pieces of human skin closing holes in the body . 
  this way we the users and sony 's reputation are protected . 
  exactly . 
  you have to push on the screen and see if the pressure changes . 
  if it does n't , it 's not airtight . 
  holy cow that 's cool !, 
  thanks for posting it . 
  many of those are indie titles which move little numbers of customers . 
  there are very few aaa titles available on linux , it 'd be more interesting to see the percentage of money spent on linux-compatible games . 
  * real welders, 
  after the lg 2x i swore i 'd never buy anything else from them, 
  yeah but i ca n't get over it . 
  also i 've been pretty satisfied with sony , honestly .
