  the world is full of stupid people . 
  some are even exceptionally stupid . 
  it 's not as if public transport is free , you still have to pay a ticket , and it 's not that cheap . 
  do n't forget the lemon slice, 
  1 - you do n't perform a factory reset via hardware keys, 
  2 - if you root your phone you can install it as a system app and it will survive a reset, 
  well , booting into recovery is not exactly `` resetting via hardware buttons '' , and you need to have a recovery with that function , i 've never seen one in the stock firmware of the phones i 've owned, 
  weird shadows, 
  it 's been there since the previous update, 
  i think that cylindrical thing on the right hand side is a door, 
  liquid cooled ones without fans on the radiator have the same issue, 
  it has a mad max feel to it ... 
  i kind of like it, 
  no thanks , i want to see who i 'm shooting at and who 's shooting at me , not the pretty lights in the cockpit . 
  sony did get rid of it in my xperia t , but then ( wisely ) reintroduced it, 
  not really , the best outcome is for them to be on par with each other . 
  so ... you guys do this on purpose now , do n't you ? 
  it 's more than 9 hours if you just browse or use simple apps . 
  gsm arena reports 14 hours of web browsing . 
  [ well , not exactly ] ( http://www.gsmarena.com/battery-test.php3 ) , if you look at this chart you 'll see that it beats out the z3 compact by a little in the endurance tests because it 's battery consumption while on call is lower , but the sony manages 2 more hours of web browsing or 3 more hours of video playback per charge . 
  it 's not just sot , they run a script to use the cpu and simulate varied usage . 
  what 's really hard to understand here is her level of disability ... 
  i mean , you say it 's fun to be with her , so i guess you hang out , that must have given you an idea of her issues ... 
  learning disability does n't necessarily mean she 's retarded , and even having a guardian does n't really mean anything . 
  what 's holding you back is probably the idea of feeling like you 're taking advantage of her ( or other people thinking that ) , but if her situation is not easily noticeable from outside , she probably just has an handicap like someone missing a limb or a narcoleptic , would you have issues with those ? 
  after all , mcdonald 's food is worth so little, 
  drugs are one thing , but body modifications are trickier ... is a permanently-attached-helmet a piece of equipment or a body part , for a boxer ? 
  what if i get permanently attached to a tank ? 
  bathrooms have a specific use that intrinsically requires privacy , computers in a business setting do not . 
  if you are not allowed to use the computer for private reasons , then everything you do on it is company related , and the company should have every right to access it, 
  like this [ t-shirt ] ( https://www.threadless.com/product/2094/we_ve_got_some_work_to_do_now/?from=blot911 ), 
  sadly , humans are made for solving problems , if no problems are present we either fall into depression ( see suicide ) , or create some problems ourselves . 
  we can only hope that future generations can find challenges to take on and feel satisfied . 
  more bovine version : http://youtu.be/jmjxvsclu6s, 
  hey , hold on a minute !, 
  we 've got that same superstition about sweeping feet here in italy too !, 
  though it 's more of a joke nowadays . 
  i like the sony navbar buttons better than stock ones , and if the icons bother you that much you can use nova . 
  what 's important is that they did n't mess too much with the underlying os , and actually improve it with their modifications : for example stamina mode and the data queue function make greenify essentially irrelevant , so there 's less incentive for rooting . 
  you can also choose between mtp and mass storage mounting ( which is great for those who do n't use windows ) , you can choose which status bar icons to show , and so on . 
  i 've loved my xperia t , my gf 's z1c is great and my new z3c is like a dream come true so far . 
  essentially , with [ stamina mode when your screen is off apps are forbidden from waking up and/or using the data connection . 
  ] ( http://developer.sonymobile.com/2013/04/03/how-sonys-battery-stamina-mode-works/ ) that by itself would be kinda useless , but the cool thing is that you can select which apps are not subjected to this mechanism , so if for example you wanted to still be able to receive whatsapp messages , you could whitelist that and still forbid other apps from waking the phone from deep sleep . 
  this is great for battery life , especially with many apps installed , and is kind of similar to what greenify does . 
  you also have the data queue , which groups connection requests together and performs them at intervals , in order to again minimize the time your phone spends awake , even with stamina off . 
  other extra features are a [ theming engine which can also theme the navbar ] ( https://play.google.com/store/search?q=xperia+theme&amp;c=apps ) , a launcher which does n't suck , a music player that does n't suck , built in support for using your phone as a mass storage device when connected to a computer ( like in the old days ) , location based wifi control ( turns on wifi when you are connected to cell towers nearby wireless network you 've used in the past and turns it off when you leave ) , smart connect , which allows you to perform actions when you connect something or when there 's another event ( kind of like tasker , you can for example set the ringer off when you connect it to the charger at certain hours ) or when you tap an nfc tag ... and a shitload of other small things , really well done in my opinion . 
  as for cyanogenmod , i do n't know , and honestly right now i do n't really care . 
  i do n't feel the need for a custom rom , the stock one is perfect . 
  i made this mistake with my xperia t because i like tinkering , but a few months ago i flashed stock again and never looked back . 
  edit : oh , and you can add a torch button to the quick settings . 
  it sounds stupid but it 's actually stupidly useful . 
  holy shit, 
  i used both methods , tasker is much more powerful , but if you 're only switching wifi settings , the sony function is better because it trains itself . 
  with tasker sometimes it stops working when cell towers change id , and you have to use the record function again, 
  `` lightweight '' distributions can do everything a normal one does , it 's just that if you keep installing ( and running ) stuff , they reach a point where they 're not lightweight anymore . 
  less sweat during sex, 
  confirmed , italian too, 
  so , steamworks drm means this activates on steam ? 
  thanks, 
  not a great tip , but i was surprised when i discovered that you can actually remove the facebook app !, 
  greed is wanting much stuff ( more than you need ) , avarice is not wanting to spend what you have, 
  the last one looks like something from blame !, 
  you still can do complicated stuff on osx , it 's just harder to find out how , and i think it 's the way it should be : only those with skill should access advanced functions , as they know how to make use of them , showing those options to everyone just confuses them, 
  you do n't buy something you do n't _ need _ when you ca n't afford it . 
  thank you, 
  it 's not 50 % as in half of the 16 hours , it 's 50 % as half of the battery consumption, 
  thanks guys for the answers, 
  with smart belly fat management, 
  the sony bootloader is locked but easily unlockable using sony 's website, 
  an 800mhz one , at that !, 
  when i do n't have a cover on , my z3c slips and slides wherever i put it, 
  funny that you mention it , the two most popular footwear for working inside a dairy are rubber boots and clogs . 
  turns out the latter are more hygienic, 
  `` she '' is a long-haired dude, 
  it is n't 1 am all over the world , you know ... 
  and that 's probably the reason why they made this game , they increased their skill so now their future time is worth more . 
  it 's an investment, 
  the colors have nothing in common , and cel shading is not a borderlands exclusive, 
  black pages with a white outline of a penis . 
  best of both worlds . 
  may i ask you why ? 
  my z3c is the first phone i do n't feel the need to root, 
  except that for cad you wo n't do that and for warehouse/line management it 's pointless as parts have id numbers , not measurements, 
  then what are the microphone and spotlight for ? 
  in italy we call things by brand name too :, 
  - scottex for paper towel rolls ( carta assorbente would be the real name ), 
  - pulivapor for power washing machines ( idropulitrici ), 
  and more ... 
  the issue is simple , and there 's nothing we can do about it : men are wired to be attracted to young , attractive women . 
  therefore if women want to be desired , they need to be young and attractive . 
  love and other things can help making a woman more attractive , but there 's only so much you can do to contrast nature . 
  padreh ? 
  sony 's advantage is good software . 
  if you change the software to aosp , it 's just another phone . 
  ok , so my z3c manages about 6,5-7 hours of screen-on-time . 
  that 's what decides the battery life . 
  in standby it lasts forever , and standby has little impact on battery life , it can last a day with 7 hours of sot , or a week with 6 hours of sot . 
  this is all with stamina mode disabled , as from what i 've seen it makes little difference . 
  my girlfriend 's z1c is different , stamina actually has a noticeable effect on battery life . 
  i usually charge it every other night using my computer 's usb as it seems to last longer with a slow charge .
