  it still needs improving though, 
  my z3c has been by far the best phone i 've ever had , unfortunately the water proofing failed so i bought the z5c because in my field of work that 's an incredibly handy feature . 
  i like the fingerprint sensor and the better speakers on the 5 , but it 's slower and has way less battery life, 
  it 's the wiring . 
  have you checked with a multimeter ? 
  the wires are probably in the wrong arrangement, 
  so you 're saying that it must be printed slow ? 
  that 's why e3d has silicone socks for their hotends, 
  so sad that we still need you at this point in time . 
  wait , is n't the dreamer non-enclosed and without an heated bed ? 
  abs must be a pain to print with that, 
  i must have confused it with the finder, 
  that 's besides the point anyway . 
  most hobbies have very little practical uses , they 're just pursued for fun , so why single out 3d printing ? 
  i built from scratch and it was relatively easy . 
  but i chose an existing design , so i had an advantage . 
  most people will say it 's hard , but that 's because in the last year there 's been a large influx of `` less technically inclined '' people because of kit printers , and the price of those kits is so low that it makes sense to suggest them to newcomers . 
  so i 'd say go for it , of course by building from scratch you take a few risks when it comes to money : if you make a mistake you 'll pay for it . 
  i suggest you to start with a more conventional build size , though , as you 'll find out that it 's rare to ever print anything larger than 20x20x20cm, 
  i bought most of the parts on aliexpress and exercised extreme patience waiting for the deliveries , 
  suggestion : keep a spare arduino and a spare ramps . 
  shit , 129 $ ? 
  at that point you could add 50 $ and get a duet wifi with 3bit processor , silent stepper drivers , wifi connection and much better expand-ability . 
  a spare or one for dual extrusion ? 
  even half of my computer 's graphic abilities would be enough for my 3d cad needs, 
  [ apparently ] ( https://appdb.winehq.org/objectmanager.php?sclass=application&amp;iid=318 ) - [ they ] ( https://appdb.winehq.org/objectmanager.php?sclass=application&amp;iid=5719 ) - [ do n't ] ( https://appdb.winehq.org/objectmanager.php?sclass=application&amp;iid=6023 ), 
  catia has a gold rating for the old version , but who knows how to find out if it 's actually true . 
  mac os x had wine bottles, 
  sorry , i do n't have the necessary multiple thousands of euros to invest in this experiment . 
  as far as i know , trial versions of catia do n't exist . 
  i hate youtube reviews too , the reason they 're popular is that it 's easier to get ad money, 
  i do n't begrudge them either , but i find it annoying when they turn a 30-seconds concept into a 10 minute video . 
  and it warms you up by occasionally catching on fire, 
   why do people like spinners btw ? 
  i 'm still trying to figure this bit out . 
  i 've wondered about that too ... do they perform tricks with them or do they just ... 
  spin them ? 
  i 've got a co-worker like that . 
  i 'll print him one and record the results !, 
  masai per arturo, 
  don camillo !, 
  i have the duetwifi and it 's really awesome , but the price of ramps is really a strong point . 
  if you fuck up and destroy both your arduino and the ramps board , it takes 10 $ to replace them . 
  if you destroy your duet you 'll be mourning for weeks . 
  nothing special , just the usual : do n't short anything , follow the wiki , use the rrf configurator for the first config . 
  can you crimp ? 
  because the connectors on the duet are not the same as ramps, 
  honestly , hairspray on glass is what gives me the best results . 
  pei is convenient because it requires no preparation , but the print does n't stick as much . 
  yes , but no heated bed means a painful experience, 
  i do n't know about those brands as they seem to be north american ones , i just tried different brands from here until i found one that worked , and it works great . 
  maybe my pei is not the same as yours , but adhesion is no more than acceptable in most cases , and the surface is uneven . 
  rip youtuber, 
   the increasing sophistication of surveillance techniques has drawn comparisons with george orwell 's 1984 , but `` weeping angel '' , developed by the cia 's embedded devices branch ( edb ) , which infests smart tvs , transforming them into covert microphones , is surely its most emblematic realization . 
  well , `` weeping angel '' does n't sound ominous at all . 
  as a foreigner who visited the us multiple times , your government is in possession of several copies of all my fingerprints . 
  they better hack a fucking lorry then , my '90s japanese 4x4 appears to be made out of indestructium . 
  they 'll drop a plane on you . 
   where as in windows you do n't need to remember to click an icon and press next . 
  that 's not how you edit registry entries, 
  [ well , it seems like they might actually need some help with that  ( https://wikileaks.org/ciav7p1/cms/page_11629096.html ), 
  eggsmayhem, 
  freedroid, 
  dragonfly, 
  levitator, 
  nightmonkey, 
  simian, 
  skor, 
  snubble, 
  spearrow, 
  towelroot, 
  steelix, 
  we need / r/stallmanwasfuckingright, 
  the real zero-day, 
  til nintendo is the cia 's hacking division, 
  well , if someone already did their job for them ... 
   according to the doctor , the weeping angels `` are as old as the universe ( or very nearly ) , but no one really knows where they come from . '', 
  he also describes them as `` the deadliest , most powerful , most malevolent life-form ever produced . 
  well , i kinda hope that you 're wrong, 
  well , first of all it has to be a smart tv, 
  i use `` home '' to get to the start of the line, 
  ** solo wind !, 
  it 's actually detachable bones , not the whole arm . 
  muscles and skin go over that like a removable glove . 
  i sent a link to a friend once and it showed him a penis being stroked . 
  my friend was puzzled . 
  a me no , per\u00f2 me lo dice la nonna !, 
  the firmware does n't follow the speed set in the gcode to the letter , it adapts accordingly to its own settings and limits . 
  the slicer does n't have this info , so it can not perform precise predictions . 
  if you use a proprietary slicer with its own printer , it probably knows all the firmware settings and can therefore predict accurately . 
  that 's quite a pile of debris you 've got there on the bottom, 
  what 's up with your `` a `` s ? 
  is n't draftsight exclusively 2d ? 
  and there 's always fan connectors ... 
  italy is pretty varied when it comes to looks, 
  also , 3d printers generate some kind of dust , i 'd rather keep that in the enclosure away from my lungs . 
  it 's very big . 
  you should add a ceiling just above the top of the printer : the smaller the volume , the hotter it will be able to get . 
  an original prusa and a duplicator i3 ? 
  if you get a monoprice mini too you can be / r/3dprinting 's spirit animal .
