  i find myself at home with their software and i like the hardware too . 
  loved my xperia t and when i updgraded to my z3c it just blew my mind . 
  well i 'm in europe and i buy unlocked so the price difference was n't so much , and also with my kind of job the battery life and waterproofing are very valuable assets . 
  now if it had a removable battery and a non-glass back it would have been even better , but unfortunately no manufacturer seems to want to take my preferences as the basis for their flagship :p, 
  i like the screen size as it 's more manageable , and you can fully utilize it with one hand , also i have my laptop with me most of the time so i do n't really need a big screen ... 
  i still average 3 hours of screen-on-time a day , though . 
  or taken by force by the zig-zag, 
  facial recognition is a probable cause , if your friends upload pictures of themselves with you , and then you put up a profile picture , facebook has a chance to recognize you . 
  hopefully we may have a chance to see that happen, 
  italy here , only bricks and concrete, 
  you could also imagine two women in the same scenario . 
  will it get stuck against other magnetic cars ? 
  sprinkling titties, 
  me too, 
  how can you tell it was downvoted ? 
  even with good brakes , you need good tires for them to work, 
  i guess he did n't practice enough, 
  it depends on the age and on how it has been stored . 
  a heat gun on low also helps . 
  if you keep them on the plastic will dry up and removing them will be a pain, 
  everyone deserves education, 
  espresso machines barely make any noise ... 
  the grinder , maybe ... 
  well , only while you 're making coffee , if it 's just turned on it does n't make appreciable noise . 
  source : am italian, 
  there 's a fighter plane in the picture, 
  it uhs, 
  i think it might be defective . 
  mine gets 6/7 hours of sot , i usually charge it every two days ... 
  as someone who has been taught this way i really do n't understand why people do n't wear seatbelts ... 
  it 's not uncomfortable at all , i actually feel uncomfortable without one , feeling exposed and most of all i feel like i slide all over the place without it . 
  one small note : on this phone you do n't need greenify like you would with other phones . 
  stock non-rooted has a great standby life and a special option to use background data in `` bursts '' . 
  also if you want you have stamina mode which is kind of like a greenify in reverse ... 
  personally i do n't use it as it is n't needed . 
  maybe it 's foreplay, 
  these subs often overlap, 
  as with everything else , they have to be weird about it , it 's supposed to be called step7 tia portal but they call it just tia portal everywhere, 
  i 've been interested in mitsubishi plcs but it 's hard to get into them without a local distributor , i ca n't find proper information, 
  they 're nice , but purposely limited, 
  they 're supposed to ... 
  honestly they have some useful new functions , especially for novices , but relatively little memory , and adding modules gets expensive quickly , in some cases making them more expensive than an s7-3xx . 
  built-in ethernet support rocks , though . 
  well ... 
  the physics of this video are cool , but i 've got to admit that the equipment is even more cool !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that we also have better grounding techniques than we had one and a half century ago, 
   check out their unemployment rates and __ crime . __, 
  you are 5 times more likely to be murdered in the us . 
  mine looks the same !, 
  the sentinel , too, 
  to where ? 
  they have no documents , they ca n't send them back where they 're from as they do n't know where that is !, 
  that 's not an option for italy, 
  i do n't want to nitpick , but ... 
  there 's no oceans near italy, 
  nope , i 'm pretty sure that wincc , plcsim and so on are n't part of tia portal ... 
  the icon you click to access the application is called tia portal , while the others have their own names . 
  it sucks , btw . 
  it 's heavy as hell , my notebook with core i7 ( albeit old ) , ssd and 16gb ram struggles to run it . 
  going online takes like 15 seconds ... 
  the old step 7 is ugly but much faster , and it does n't crash as much . 
  `` i 'm on a mission from god '', 
  i can speak for the small business i work for , i implemented quite a bit of free software ( especially libreoffice ) here , and while i may care about free software , my users sure do n't . 
  personally it 's more about fighting software piracy than open source philosophy , but when looking at cost-free software , it 's become hard to trust non-os works . 
  he does n't invent , he finds ways to make inventions viable, 
  it 's common all over europe , i think, 
  there 's a third rail on the side ( which is n't always an actual rail like the ones for the wheels ) that acts as the power source , as long as you stay away from that you 're ok, 
  facebook is uninstallable on my z3c, 
  most non-uninstallable apps are either necessary or unobtrusive , honestly . 
  honestly i disabled a few apps and that 's all , and i feel like my phone works perfectly . 
  root access is dangerous , it can mess up your system even without you doing it directly , you just need a bug in a privileged app ... 
  this is the first phone i have n't rooted , and i feel like it works flawlessly . 
   life is stranger than fiction at times . 
  this fact actually sounds like something douglas adams would write, 
  they have special electric rollers that they put under the back wheel to start the engine . 
  the support for every device must be enabled when building the kernel in order for it to recognize the device , so it 's not that obvious, 
  yes ... 
  i do n't remember if they are allowed to push-start it again , but i guess they are . 
  money . 
  you have it , others have much less . 
   if you illegally immigrate and then have a child , your kid is an american as far as i 'm concerned , and you are not . 
  here in italy a child born from immigrants does n't have a right to citizenship . 
  we want the giant sloth back !, 
  it 's liberation day in italy !, 
  my mother does , but my grandma ( who 's a seamstress ) does n't, 
  bast and burious, 
  good-ly ritten, 
  are rocks on mars sharper than earth rocks ? 
  hey there , i do n't even have a printer but i do have some electronics background and this issue makes me curious : that kind of looks like a psu issue , as in not enough current or a short-circuit overloading the psu . 
  what kind of unit is it ? 
  it 's as if we actually need antitrust enforcement, 
  if microsoft were n't punished at the time when they were abusing their position , we would n't be at this point today , imho . 
  they could have taken many measures to stop google 's and apple 's growth . 
  you do n't have a bench psu or a friend who does , do you ? 
  i guess it used to work before , right ? 
  well , if anyone 's expecting an alpha build to be perfect , they 're idiots . 
  are you kidding ? 
  here in italy most homes have 3kw maximum power . 
  who the fuck wastes 1kw continuously ? 
  edit : ok you guys seem to have free electricity,
