we should definitley put him in charge of the ministry of foreign relations . 
  even though i agree with his views on the turkey situation i wo n't lie and say that i did n't cringe at this . 
  they should decide though . 
  would you like some politicians to lie nicely to you only to find out that the general public actually dislikes you when you visit ? 
  ca n't hide from that stuff while you 're there . 
  and here i thought bak\u015fi\u015f was only a balkan thing ... 
  i would n't call it hate . 
  it 's just that it 's a big difference between greek pensions and romanian ones . 
  they might find it odd that the greeks are crying about not having a unrealistic lifestyle ( everything before was achieved by lying on part of their government ) while the salary and pension cuts would still be well above the average here . 
   apparently wikipedia says it 's southeastern-central europe my god we 're all over this bitch ... 
  they 're [ gendarmerie ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gendarmerie#/media/file:firenze.carabinieri01.jpg ) , which is a part of the military . 
  from what i know i think they 're the only country which gave it such a diferent sounding name . 
  back before wwi there was the old saying which went like this : `` romania has only two good neighbors , the serbs and the black sea '' . 
  as of now we are n't exactly brotherly anymore but we do n't have bad relations and no intentions otherwise . 
  we like to be chill to each other helping in whatever two poor countries can . 
  bulgarians are pretty alright about them too . 
  i 'm in favor of bizantium as the most badass one . 
  i heard that your pores are open for a few hours , even if you fanned any draft bypasses the immune system and instantly kills you . 
  instead of contacting the police it 's better to set the precedent of killing someone and then claiming battered self defense . 
  i do n't care if she was a victim for 47 years she deserves to do time for playing vigilante , europe should n't turn into africa . 
  even ghenghis khan would n't dare invade poland if the defense minister has a face like that , dude looks like he was born with a knife in his hand . 
  in romania the tatar minority in dobruja is one of the coolest in the country and they are citizens before being muslim . 
  you can be a friend with a turk or a tatar here for years and not even know if he 's atheist or religious . 
  we do n't push each others business in our faces , everybody lives their own life . 
  a lot of muslims as of late have become very radical and are pushing burkas and imposing sharia rules which in the end stir the far right . 
  those are conservative , the nation is christian and all that stuff and they oppose anything that does n't follow that . 
  that 's how you get statemens like this and pushing the ban of minarets and mosques . 
  from a architectural point of view i think they 're very pleasing to look at and do blend in with modern designs too if done right , hagia sofia is a example of a improvement aesthetically . 
  main issue might be to not seem to have too much of a arabic influence . 
  their narative is n't that they 're ugly , it 's that if someone is n't tolerant of you why should we allow them to build minarets and mosques in our cities . 
  someone who is n't a muslim ca n't even go in most of the me feeling safe right now , let alone that some countries do n't allow the building of churches . 
  he 's hoping montenegro might get diplomatic points in europe by calling v4 , uk and neighbour balcan states useless while being a yessir . 
  having no backbone for your own safety and laws will only leave you open to hyenas in the long run because they know they can abuse you with no fuss . 
  eh , recreational drones are alright but if you [ really need a fix ] ( http://imgur.com/udqw70b ) man ... 
  the better part of the army was sent to fight on another front which did well against a-h and germany . 
  you guys had a bone to pick with us around that time and were more commited to fight while those defending knew we were sandwiched and alone in this . 
  it does n't mean bulgarians were super soldiers , there are a good number of cases in wars when sometimes we fight really well , sometimes we do poorly , it 's basically hit or miss and it has a lot to do with morale . 
  if 2 people tell you that you 're drunk , you go home . 
  i guess i heard it from people who spoke more colourfully to have more of a impact and it stuck that way with me too . 
  i edited it . 
  cool til , you 've surprised me on how much you know about origins of words on this sub before and not just romanian ones . 
  i have very little knowledge on arhaic or regional language , where i 'm from in the present it could only mean one thing . 
  `` aceia\u0219i m\u0103rie , alt\u0103 p\u0103l\u0103rie '' translates to `` same mary , different hat '' . 
  it can be used in politics , like when a party says the current party has no clue on how to run things and that they 'll switch things around 180 but nothing changes . 
  '' \u021aara arde \u0219i baba se piapt\u0103n\u0103 '' translates to `` the country is burning and the old woman is combing her hair '' . 
  it 's used towards someone who does n't know his priorities when confronted with a emergency . 
  not hard to find a man in politics who miraculously got his hands on a wife who know how to do business and make some really great deals . 
  some from partnership with the state others with individuals . 
  it 's either to mask bribe or steal from the budget pool because it 's hard to trace it back to the original gangster who orchestrated it . 
  most in ee politics profit from the turning of a blind eye to corruption and investigating further , you 'd be surprised how many of them have a brother/parents/cousins / wives who are ridiculously good at doing businees . 
  we can be everywhere because aparently we 're in the eu , what are you trying to say ? 
  why would greece go to war in europe over migrants ? 
  it 's not greek citizens who would get shot with rubber bullets and gas on the border . 
  the mental gymnastics some people do to demand special treatment is amazing . 
  the way you describe gender and age is heavily used by the press to sway sympathy or see someone as more of a threat . 
  it gained ground because the press is rarely neutral and some may have agendas to push . 
  in this case they side with his story , if they wanted him put in a bad light they would 've called him a man as i 've seen used as low as 15 in some cases . 
  you might want to look into what we did to ukraine and russia during ww2 when 750.000 troops strolled in . 
  or that we killed more jews than any other nation combined bar germany . 
  we are not without our evil past either . 
  shame that after we found freedom united we were so fast to start wars with each other instead of seeing our similar pasts and the bad sides to having bad neighbors instead of friends . 
  if we were a bit smarter we should 've realised that the closest thing to a non two face alliance would 've been between us , the west of the past gave away titles to our lords such as champions of christianity for their victories and resistence but had no trouble throwing us under the bus to the ottomans for centuries without a single attempt at liberating us . 
  rome did exactly that after they conquered big regions with germanic tribes , they first came as slaves or low skill workers and eventually became full citizens of rome being allowed to join the army and advance in rank . 
  they basically adopted and trained their future masters ( vandals , visigoths , lombards , holy roman empire ) who at the first sign of a weaker empire did n't allow them to shrink to a more manageable size and consolidate what they had and instead beat them into submission and ruled them for over 1200 years . 
  this can happen today if a big part of the population still remains a outsider by heart while pretending to respect your culture , you only need one bump in the road and they 'll create chaos . 
  after what brazilians put out every year i guess it 's hard to get attention towards carnivals from elsewhere because there is n't enough tits and ass to top that . 
  ww2 was a hell of a lot worse than that and the generation did a good job of picking themselves up and rebuilding . 
  war ptsd is a real thing but on a mass scale such as that people get a sense of camaraderie with those who made it and have been through the same thing as them and move on more easily than isolated cases . 
  it 's enough to go on liveleak and see for yourself the horrible result of accidents and to realise just how dangerous a car can be . 
  makes you want to have more severe laws against drunk driving because it 's not so innocent handling a weapon dangerously or inebriated just because you 're selfish or think you are in 100 % control while drunk . 
  two cases of just bouncers in clubs killed by albanians , one in italy and one in the uk . 
  i do n't need any more proof than this since you can just enter google on albanian mafia or killed by albanians and you 'll see the pages . 
  in greece there was a romanian bouncer who tried to defuse a situatian with a albanian who would n't leave a girl alone . 
  he was shot in the head without provocatian . 
  the bouncer was very polite about it but the guy did n't like to be told a no . 
  a ex girlfriend of a albanian was at a club in italy with a new guy , the albanian storms in and shoots them both in the head , after that he throws the gun on the ground and says that he can be taken away now . 
  they did n't have a old relationship , the guy just did n't like the fact that he was turned down for another guy . 
  there are way more stories like these as i ca n't write a novel . 
  to be honest we too had/have a wave of criminality in europe because of poverty but basically albanians and morrocans take the cake when it comes to crime , the gist is that they have absolutely no respect for the law and seem to have a fascination with guns and that they sometimes shoot you without provocation or even a reason sometimes . 
  any sex worker or bouncer/regular worker that was in europe will have stories about albanians . 
  i know on reddit we can find cool things about each other but all the stories that i heard make me not want to be around one , much less around a gang of them . 
  boring and underwhelming can be a pro if you want a more chill atmosphere and can find ways to have fun your own way through hobbies . 
  the opposite of it can be unpredictable and risky which reminds me of the saying `` may you lead a interesting life '' which is actually a curse in disguise . 
  [ what 90 % of / r/europe thought about at least once while reading about the migrant crisis and greece . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8tqhbiebwa&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=3m50s ), 
  switzerland has 3 cultures inside it 's territory , germanic , french and italian which are actually separated by the countries that border it . 
  they each speak their own language in private but have a comon 2nd one for the whole country , they have a single military and comon laws . 
  they made it work without disagreing with themselves . 
  romance , anglo , nordic , maghiar , balkan cultures do n't really clash with each other , at least almost nothing compared to anything outside of europe . 
  we could 've made this work if all the countries inside the eu wanted it to go this way . 
  you are absolutely right , i remembered all this from some extra history videos not from studying about this too much . 
  i distinctly remember that the previous dictators of rome were surprisingly true to their word and returned the power back to the senate . 
  the other thing was not being allowed to cross the river rubicon which caesar did when crassus died fighting parthia , really fun episode and thanks for correcting me , augustus seems to be stuck in my head for some reason instead of pompey . 
  yes it did , but he was n't elected temporary dictator by the senate . 
  he took advantage of romes situation at the time and did a military coup . 
  no army of spqr back then was allowed to cross the northen river into italy proper , roman senate had 3 main generals operating in different regions . 
  augustus in spain , julius in germany and crassus in irak . 
  crassus died in a disastrous campaign against parthia in the east , julius seeing this went down and attacked rome overtaking the senate , augustus then went after him and lost . 
  julius while having many enemies had succeded in eliminating anyone who could oppose him , he was not elected dictator , he did a military coup and installed himself as emperor . 
  romans in desperate times elected a dictator to give orders instead of the senate .
