  surprisingly every single time a dictator got the job done and the threat was over he gave the power back to the senate and backed down , there was n't a single instance of abuse of power to prolong their stay . 
  electing someone as a dictator when there was no room for indecision as a concept is n't exactly new , it was done 2000 years before de gaulle . 
  politics does n't require fast response in front of clowns , you take your time and analise before making decisions . 
  i hate it when it happens anywhere in the world , you 've taken your job and should act like a responsible and level headed person . 
  i doubt that they do n't have free time to unwind and forget about their jobs for a while since they do n't spend their time there 24/7 . 
  if you think he 's saying stupid shit you give a proper response with arguments when given your chance , not acting like bufoons . 
  it 's just disgusting behaviour from people who consider themselves the elite and this tradition got to the point where it 's considered acceptable . 
  i 'm not colorblind and have a hard time looking at it , the map uses earthy colors and they 're way too similar to not cause confusion . 
  while a bit catchy the singers are too terrible to consider this being serious . 
  it seems more like anti brexit satire . 
  well in my country we did negotiate a release of 3 hostages succesfully , same thing could 've been done here since they were negotiating and it 's been done before . 
  i realise the air campaign could n't be stopped , i only said the least your government could do is offer compensation for the colateral to the victims family which could have been saved and a formal apology . 
  maybe it 's too soon to say as i do n't know how the us will aproach this in the end but i 'm just bitter about the `` us does n't answer or give explanation to a weaker serbia '' in the comments here which is a pretty shitty thing to say . 
  i hope this does n't grow the anti nato sentiment any further because the future of the balkan region lies with forgeting about the past and making peace , as ridiculous as this sounds considering all the balkan jokes there 's no other way around this . 
  the more disagreement the less of a voice you 'll have in europe so you 're basically shooting yourself in the foot in the long run trying to join sides or being anti something . 
  i hope the us sends a apology to you guys and a big compensation to the victims families since these people while being in the wrong place at the wrong time could 've been saved . 
  either serbia or bulgaria , not really because it 's cheaper but i like balkan culture as a whole and they do n't lack anything you would look for such as nightlife , historical landmarks , traditional cuisine , sightseeing . 
  another reason is to learn the language a bit more since it 's easier to get a grasp of it by being there and talking to one . 
  it 's one of my goals to learn a slavic language or at least be competent in conversation . 
  least would be albania , not really known for having all that much and they 're a bit too high on crime in general right now to be worth the risk/benefit . 
  i want the uk in the eu as i had high hopes for a possible european federation especially about 1-2 years ago but ca n't blame you guys if you want to abandon ship looking at the way things are going . 
  i just want to get this over with so we can see what we have to work with more clearly , without scandals and conflict of interests being the nr1 thing we do . 
  if only 200 of them get their hands on weapons through connections in sweden it would be a disaster , hand grenades being sold is not unheard of there . 
  isis probably acted so incredibly evil in order to cause enough fear to who was against them so a migration to europe was possible . 
  you can somewhat keep track of jihadists going in and out but with these numbers you 're hopeless to serious armed attacks , these are suicidal fighters with combat experience not like the ones in paris . 
  it 's not as sexual as it sounds since they do n't do it to atract you , they create a mix of shock/disgust combined with the screaming to fuck with you so you stop thinking rationally in the chaos and just leave them be with what they stole . 
  why they act like this depends from situation from situation but it is a thing they do and a part of their culture . 
  in worst case scenario they pelt police with rocks and put their women in front with very little children in your face almost using them as bats waiting for you to hit them . 
  they usually lift their skirts up screaming like banshees if they do n't have a small child available . 
  everything they do as a group is just filthy and you as a regular person wants nothing to do with it and just ignore them so they wo n't use the racist card . 
  the guys when not hiding behind women as they see you as a easy target behave as you would expect from every ghetto around the world . 
  there 's nothing romantic about them . 
  something like the winter war will never happen again if it would ever come to it . 
  tanks , armored vehicles and aircraft are not the same to what they were back then . 
  if you 're not in the top 4-5 military powers in the world you 're just cannon fodder untill help arrives . 
  i only watch it to see if moldova still secretly loves us enough to grab those 12 points each year ... also a few from our expats in spain and italy . 
  even though a majority of kurds are not maniacs and there are turks who have kurdish friends , a small number of people can create chaos if they have a goal and can seed distrust . 
  you 'd think it ca n't happen these days but a handfull of people can provoke and start wars or make political changes even though the majority does n't want it . 
  if the attacks continue and the people demand something to be done and are out for blood it does n't even matter who you have in power , you 're forced to play or you 're brought down for doing nothing by the people or your oponents . 
  basically terrorism 101 . 
  depends on what you 're looking at , if you go outside and see [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-kc1lf5rbyco/vj7qblm6xli/aaaaaaaalx0/09it_tvisvu/s1600/img_6577.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://www.classictravelling.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/porto3.jpg ) or [ that ] ( http://image.slidesharecdn.com/portuguesecostumesanddances-140728150254-phpapp01/95/presentation-of-folk-costumes-portugal-4-638.jpg?cb=1406560263 ) you know that something 's up . 
  in the southern part of romania all the way to moldova the traditional dress is identical to that of bulgaria . 
  there is truth to what you just said . 
  on paper it would look that we 're from different worlds but if you blindfolded me and took me to a place in bulgaria where i ca n't read the alphabet and nobody speaks to me it would never hit me that i left romania . 
  in portugal or spain you would notice . 
  this is leading up to the fact that you want to sanction russia enough to undermine their economy/military through oil , not food and medical supplies . 
  belarus ships a lot back to them . 
  we just make it seem like we cut all ties to russia . 
  - i think this was the funny part , it should be czechia or czech republic started capturing slovakia . 
  a angry drunk would have to move in order to stab while the sleepy drunk in order to run away would have to do the same . 
  in this case it is considered a truce and therefore a success story . 
  lithuania bro , we seem to be the only ones who know that it 's much easier to outrun the drunken friend with a knife rather than the one with a gun . 
  man that 's some dark stuff to hear , i asked for opinions on every country because even though we were on the same `` team '' ( treaty of friendship , co-operation and mutual assistance ) we all had our own way of doing things . 
  yugoslavia was it 's own thing , russians backed off from us after 1958 and as a result had enough independence to not assist in the soviet invasion of czechoslovakia , we were all different . 
  what i wanted to say was that it did have some good plans set up and some of them work better for you depending on what situation you 're in . 
  in a free market with a state which is only responsible with public order , bureaucracy and passing laws , someone with enough money in time will form a monopoly by eliminating competition , they can influence people who can change and vote laws in parlament for themselves and their buddies , in that way capitalism has flaws too . 
  if you take greece for example you can definitely see how fast things can go sour for you with lies about debt , and nobody from the top payed for it . 
  almost impossible to say , would we still have a king ? 
  would we copy yugoslavia because of proximity and seeing them have it relatively good ? 
  we might try and mimic france and what laws they use internally as they were the country that we looked up to . 
  my wild guess would be no brutal architecture for the commie blocks , without turning the population in communist mode to build fast and industrialise we would n't have enough money for the needed manpower to achieve this . 
  with no increase in population from encouragement we would be somewhere around 14-15 mil instead of 22 by now . 
  the huge house of parlament as a statement of our greatness ( i know ) would not have been built , the push for education of the masses would come later after we would look around and see that it is a standard for every decent country around us . 
  we would probably have a more rural representation and smaller cities with no state funded projects like the iron gates on the danube or nuclear research . 
  all this in the end without any benefit such as being richer than now because interests from the bigger guys would still be the same and we could n't be a player even if we tried . 
  to us it was always a choice game , sometimes between 3 empires , you had to choose a side that hopefully got you the least fucked in the end . 
  happy 4th of july , show me some fireworks ? 
  what do you say on this occasion ? 
  happy birthday neighbour ? 
  i 'll try and not reply so much and let you guys discuss this or leave it be but i had replied what i think about dacia [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45w35p/opposite_to_the_communist_regime_jokes_thread/d00o8hm ), 
  everybody who has any sense of nationalism or wants some unity is a idiot . 
  please listen to me on this , there is a textile company in my city that is in partnership with dacia , they make the seats for the interior . 
  every employee there is paid well but 80 % of them take cipralex which is basically crazy pills to calm themselves down . 
  the reason for this is stress , it 's a high paying job , you are expected to perform for astronomical workloads to keep up with dacia and the treatment from the bosses is basically inhumane , you will hardly know what humiliation feels like unless you worked there . 
  there are other textile workers in the news who commit suicide instead of quitting their job , that 's how fucked up it is in some mass producing factories which is quite different from the `` i work shit you pay me shit that you talked about '' . 
  now imagine if the french from the dacia factory move their production to morroco as they threatened 2 times already . 
  all those workers are basically 70 % of mioveni , they have rent , they have bank loans because it 's a job with a future and they decided they have enough security . 
  imagine if they pull out , the workers wo n't have anything left to buy stuff , since the other 30 % of the pop is in comerce you can imagine the butterfly/domino effect . 
  basically even the textile which was partner with dacia will go bust , those workers are laid off aswell , is it because they were lazy or is it because this privatisation made you a slave to a foreigners whims . 
  with a simple decision mioveni and a what amounts to 15.000 people will become `` valea seaca '' they will sell their apartments for nothing because they 're worth nothing and move somewhere else . 
  i can understand you hate communism and state companies but you ca n't be serios when you say this privatisation is a possible good thing . 
  it might not happen but it can happen and it 's not because everybody else is a lazy bum . 
  sorry for the wall and text and rant man but this is how i feel about things sometime . 
  it definitely sounded like i was glorifying it , i am sorry about your extended family since communism does have some really dark sides to it . 
  what i was trying to say was that some * aspects * of it were quite progressive in ways . 
  capitalism is hand in hand with democracy and without fail in some naratives , but give people with money enough time and let them turn to corporations and they can influence people who can influence laws , in that way capitalism is in some way flawed too . 
  maybe if there was a law that could n't allow corporations to become more powerful than the state law then we will have more stability . 
  no disrespect to anyone that had it bad during those times but there are good things to say about both regimes and looking into both and selecting what is best for you might be a better idea . 
  like what the chinese said about themselves `` we do what works best and call it communism '' . 
  nice input , basically some farmers in the 40 ' and 50 ' had enough in their pockets to build a city from scratch , not because of communism . 
  unless you 're from bucharest i think there 's a 9/10 chance you or your family has a apartment right now because of them . 
  in pitesti where i live the petrochemical plant is gone , the beer factory is gone , the dairy factory is gone , cpl which produced furniture is gone , termocalor barely sits afloat with massive layoffs . 
  basically the whole city is shops and 2 malls , this was a city known for industry . 
  next to us is mioveni with the dacia factory which is keeping the city afloat but even that is co-owned with the french . 
  all of these seemed fine and all of a sudden we became idiots and they started being a black hole , ca n't even produce anything for internal use . 
  we had a violent revolution and everybody wanted to go on a witch hunt in our country , heads needed to start rolling , unfortunately most of the former managers and whoever was working very closely with top brass ( very loyal and intelligent people ) felt cornered and betrayed by this . 
  they were offered protection by people with money or the means to protect them and in exchange for the protection and a lot of money ( tiny compared to what they had to gain ) they facilitated in the privatisation of almost every thing worth a cent here , like pirahnas they stole and guttet absolutely everything that we build in a matter of a few years . 
  we as a country have nothing now , we sell foreign goods and provide services , everything that produces is owned by corporations which they place the salaries and prices as they see fit . 
  in poland this thing never happened , you guys still produce military hardware and sell a ton of it where there is demand , most of your factories have n't been sold for less than their weight in scrap and not a month later see them produce again for foreigners with almost 0 investment , you have great companies that make games and they pay taxes , in romania there is not enough sufficient capital per person to start something that makes a difference , the state is barely on a budget . 
  surprising that there are poles saying that considering you guys turned out a success story compared to us or bulgaria or serbia after the war which had their infrastructure and factories bombed .
