  that 's for sure . 
  kudos to the greeks : rather than let somebody else hold the blade , they 'd rather hold it themselves . 
  kinda odd being proud about somebody else 's work and success . 
  there you go , once more , the smiley generation claiming accuracy . 
  you can fool these guys here but you 'll never fool anybody who lived in here . 
   my parents were at the revolution too , yeah , i 'm sure they were , all over the empty central party building within the area , as [ anti- ] `` revolutionaries '' ; afterwards claiming special benefits . 
   an airport is not industry , an airport is providing a service to the public . 
  the fact that greece is a cultural country filled with history and a tourist hotspot , their tourism can be viewed as an industry . 
   seriously , i would like t see a reference of the eu policy that prevents running an airport for the capital sustainable . 
  this has to be the most ridiculous policy i 've ever seen in my life , and i 've worked corporate . 
  refresh to see the edit . 
  i 'll repeat again : the greek government can not enforce ( help ) greek entrepreneurs or greek businessmen because that 'd be considered favoritism/protectionism from the government ; something against eu regulation and policies . 
   are you serious ? 
  you think german , french ( and some others , too ) industry needs policy protection from greece ? 
  this i got to see , please back up with a citation of a credible source . 
  athens airport , for example . 
  they ca n't support it on their own ( nor via government help or cuts ) , so they decided to involve the chinese , the germans and others . 
  there even was a topic about it 2 months ago , i believe , in here . 
  here , there are more : [ one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35y80i/greece_to_privatize_port_airports_in_concession/ ) , [ two ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/34j0vv/greece_will_proceed_with_the_sale_of_14_airports/ ) , [ three ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2yq121/china_interested_in_athens_airport_plans_to_make/ ) . 
  therefore , like i said , they ca n't even enforce a couple of young greek entrepreneurs to manage it because of those policies . 
  it 's a status quo stalemate . 
  think : why did n't my country , portugal , spain , italy , ireland , poland , the baltics ( re ) builded their industries by helping their own entrepreneurs who need capital to even start things in the first place , yet , the governments always say they need foreign capital with interest + the risks with it to maintain their country ? 
  well , now you know . 
  like i said , france & germany hold an industrial monopoly over all europe , since the beginning of the cold war & after the wall collapse . 
   fundamentally wrong , money from outside the country without leaving goods or services is basically free money for economy . 
  this is one big lie that even my countrymen laid their minds onto . 
  this is very , very erroneous : your greek friends are n't paying taxes to the greek government ( their version of the irs ) ; besides not consuming goods or using services with their vat * in * their country . 
  they are helping their consort/parents/family to pay for their taxes and consumption but * they * , your greek friends , are n't paying for themselves * in personna * . 
  instead they pay their taxes to your government ( what country you said you were from ? ) . 
  and , since i 've already pointed out about the anti-protectionist and anti-favoritist policies in which the greek government can not help greek individuals to start enterprises of any kind , it continues to be an economic black hole . 
   just as much as a businessman who ca n't do business because of capital controls . 
  on this part , i agree , however , what businessmen are we talking about : foreign or greek ? 
  it 's relevant , if it 's about their country . 
   based on what ? 
  vote theft . 
   do you guys have a system that distinguishes between `` invalid because stupid '' and `` invalid because opinion '' ? 
  that does n't matter in either case , a vote is a vote , even a nullified one . 
   in germany writing something funny or smart might lead to a 0.5 second chuckle by the person who puts the ballot on the invalid stack . 
  and at the end of the day these `` smart invalid '' votes are treated the same as ballots from people who are too stupid to vote correctly . 
  besides statisticians , nobody gives a fuck about these votes . 
  some people believe that invalid votes leads to lower percentage of the voted parties . 
  but that 's usually not the case , invalid votes are sorted out before percentages are calculated . 
  the difference between you and i is that i 'm done choosing between the lesser evil * or * the less shitty politician . 
  untill there will be a political class that i might allign to a certain one , no party & no politician will ever get my vote . 
  the problem is that this trend just started . 
  when [ nullified ] votes are counted and , by chance , they 'll outnumber the votes casted to the parties/politicians , there 's the first sign of problem . 
   and what 's up with the name ? 
  no secrecy of the ballot in romania ? 
  whose name , what are you writing about ? 
   btw , depending on the exact system that is used , invalid votes might count towards the required voter turnout . 
  so voting invalid might be the opposite of what is desired . 
  there you go : german vote theft . 
  however , your nullified ones ( and the system 's design ) are counted in favor of your politicians and parties . 
  if that 's not theft ... 
   the economic is in the gutter , the current brain drain will only start to hurt years from now when business is picking up . 
  there are two errors with this : 1 ) because of the existing anti-protectionist & anti-favoritist economic policies of the union , nobody ca n't build something that 'd stimulate economy . 
  france and germany have a monopoly on industry . 
  and foreign investment means either usury or `` owning a piece of the pie '' . 
  2 ) even without the anti-protectionist and anti-favoritist policies , there would n't be anybody to construct anything in greece because everybody competent already flew from the country . 
   i have a friend of greek origin and a greek coworker , both hardworking guys . 
  both singlehandedly feed their whole familiy in greece while living a frugal life themselfs . 
  they 're not part of the solution . 
   i 'm convinced this helps a lot more then hanging around without job in misery . 
  at a personal level , yes ; at national level , no . 
  and just to avoid any confusion , i was n't only referring to the greeks with running from the problem ; look at my country as well : +3 million left and there has n't been any significant change either . 
  instead of rebuilding back our nation , most of my countrymen choose to flee because it was - you guessed it - more easy and less blood on hands . 
  i 'd find your text ironic , if you 're from the diaspora . 
   indeed , sadly i believe a big part of that resulted because of how romanians identify themselves , our ideology , even though so many people ignore that as a fact . 
  there is a reason we are the `` latin '' island in a slavic sea . 
  and yes , i know some genetical tests say we 're rather greek ( probably the initial population ) , or logically it seems more normal for us to be slavic , but it does n't change the fact that romanians identified and still indetify themselves as latin . 
  and that mattered an awful lot in the grand picture . 
  ^ and here , folks , is the offspring of the nomenklatura in which idetifies itself slavic than romanian . 
  faust would rather be a russian/slavic than romanian . 
  now , he posses as a victim , he apologises for the russians . 
  heck , he self-loathes so much that he 'd rather be with a russian than a romanian . 
  ironically , he studies in germany ( vienna award ii memento ) and has a love life with a russian ( ribbentrop-molotov pact memento ) . 
  now you can see , either a shill or an idiot who 'd rather spit on the graves of our ancestors . 
  now you see what 's the problem with some of these new offsprings in our nation : look at faust and his anecdotal `` historical accuracy '' filled with smiley-faces ( the facebook generation , mind you ) ; giventh , not written , from the local bar or from his shallow communist parents . 
  heck , he might have relatives that were communists , posses as a victim and apologises for them . 
  neither is running from the problem will solve anything . 
  you could be a good man , for what opinion you stand , and nullify your vote . 
  just vote both yes and no or simply troll with the stamp or draw something with a pen . 
  just make sure you nullify it . 
  trust me : it 's a lot better than letting that checkbox , besides your name , go empty . 
   i 'm not arguing for a legal perspective , i 'm saying that if all the mods stepped down , reddit would become a complete disaster . 
  they do n't own it , but that 's irrelevant . 
  you and i both were n't here when there were just the administrators to handle everything . 
  this is a viable option to keep in mind . 
   moderators are n't separate from us , they are users just like us , so you should n't act like they 're a separate entity as well . 
  first among equals in the subreddit or subreddits they moderate . 
  they are a separate entity depending on circumstance . 
  if they joined just to fulfill a fantasy of monitoring/controlling or if they have a bad day/stomach ache ...  i 'm not saying you should shed tears for them , i 'm just saying you should be considerate and understand the difficult position the admins are putting the mods in . 
  if they truly were bothered by the administrators , the moderators could , as easily , give up and let reddit become a cesspool . 
  that way , they could 've reach a deal . 
  but , no , of course not , that 's too smart or considerate for your fellow users who want to relax and laugh on reddit . 
  instead , they decided to throw a hissy fit by blocking me and others . 
   yeah mods can technically be replaced , but the way admins treat mods makes me think that they will eventually drive away all the people that care about the community , and believe me , you do n't want that . 
  voat has seizures . 
  it 'll be a long way untill it 's fully operational at the same level reddit is and there are n't any options left , apart from certain forums that can not compete with reddit . 
  the level of depency many people have makes it impossible to lose .
