  when they did that shakedown with those other subreddits , reddit did n't suffered nor lost numbers . 
  sure , people were pissed but they still hanged around here . 
  after all of this , the administrators could issue an apology to the users , like us , but wo n't spare the moderator teams who decided themselves to block users from subreddits . 
   also you 're avoiding my main point :  why do you think a few subs going down for a few days is so oppressive to you ? 
  i pay for the internet and reddit is presented as a free domain that does n't require monthly fees to relax or laugh or inform myself on different topics ( if we exclude the reddit gold ) . 
  the idea of moderators , that asked themselves to become moderators , deciding to block something that is entirely based on their own accord is n't right nor acceptable . 
   these guys put in a tremendous amount of work day in day out , so do n't you think they deserve a little bit of feedback from the admins ? 
  not all of them and those , who did the work , did so on their own free will & time . 
   seems pretty selfish of you to attack mods because you ca n't go on certain subreddits for a few days . 
  i 'm no more selfish than them being hypocrite and egotistical to the administrators ' / execs ' decisions . 
  when they did that red tape with those subreddits , they did n't had a problem with it . 
  suddenly , when they think or feel it 's about them , the apocalypse must come down because they have the local power the administrators granted them , or their predecessors , which , otherwise , they would n't have had it on their own . 
   is that what you get accused of ? 
  no , as a matter of fact , i 'm being confused with them , as a romanian . 
  so there 's that , on top of everything ... 
   you 're actually wrong on this , admins did n't create the actual subreddits as mods are the guys that created , maintained , and have continued to do 100 % of the moderation work . 
  the site and domain does n't belong to them or us , for that matter . 
  the fact that reddit 's execs are n't asking us for a monthly fee , just because we 're registered here , is enough as a good bargain as it is . 
  r/fatpeoplehate ( since this is a popular example ) used to be a subreddit as well , created by guys , maintained , and continued to be moderated 'till it was teared up by red tape . 
  the moderators did n't paid monthly fees , the users did n't paid monthly fees and it was a public subreddit . 
  secondly , some subreddits , from what i 've observed ( or at least misobserved ) is that they were n't created by a guy or a group of guys ; they were created as a default ( i believe ) . 
  for example , it does n't say who created r/europe , however , it does say who created r/upliftingnews . 
  still , it does n't matter who created a subreddit/community . 
  if it 's public domain and the creator or moderators do n't pay fee , they 're just as well responsible to give up the position when they ca n't handle any more the responsibilites as moderators . 
  when they restrict access for normal users , no matter what problems they have , they 're accountable to the bone . 
  and , if you were n't able to see it by now , reddit is as good as we , the users , maintain it as such . 
  the intervention of moderators can cause abusive action ; some as calling it authoritarian or dictatorial . 
  for examples , what these guys are doing here ( https://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/3bxjyu/list_of_subreddits_suddenly_going_private/ ) , i call it dictatorial . 
  why ? 
  because they 're restricting my access to free subreddits meant to be public , as a hissy fit against the administrators . 
   you 're trivialising all the work that mods put into their subreddits , treating them as replaceable users is hilariously inaccurate and just a bit inconsiderate towards the mods that genuinely care and out time into moderating their subreddits . 
  i do n't shed tears for those who volunteer ( it nearly rhymed ) . 
  one , they bear the responsibilities they accepted for themselves and , two , since they accepted it , it 's their hardship on their own free will . 
  just because they offered their spare time to overwatch us , i should be grateful ? 
  do n't make me giggle . 
  it 's all arbitrary ; reddit is as good as we , the regular users , make it so ; i wrote it a bit earlier . 
   you may not care about it now , but when all the hardworking mods that actually give a fuck leave reddit , i 'm pretty sure you 'll care then . 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure other people will take their place . 
  if not , there 's always the administrators to take care things themselves . 
   you are severely underestimating how much mods go through on a daily basis , they do all the heavy lifting when it comes to making reddit usable , if you seriously think that mods are just flexing for show , compare reddit to 4chan . [ ... ], 
  they get rid of low effort and irrelevant shitposts that would otherwise infiltrate the site . 
  this might surprise you but for us , the regular users , is n't in our interest to know what they go through . 
  many users , myself included , do not care . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  it is n't an obligation to know what other users go through since they accepted that kind of responsibility . 
  nobody forced to become moderators , nobody will force them to resign from moderating . 
  as simple as that . 
  no subreddit that exists in reddit does n't belong to them . 
  they simply volunteered to become moderators to their subreddits ... nothing ... more ... and i do n't care about their decision in becoming a moderator . 
   that 's what reddit would look like without no mods . 
  for that , i 'm also curious how reddit looked like without moderators . 
  sadly , i 'm a tad late for that , are n't i. 
   yet despite this guys like you will throw a tantrum because they just want some dialogue to occur . 
  yet , despite all of this , nobody forced them to become moderators . 
  i 'll repeat this as many times as i have to , if you 're not willing to understand . 
   look at it from their perspective for once , it looks like you let your negative view on mods cloud your perspective . 
  i do not care about their perspective because i did n't forced them to become moderators . 
  it 's their responsibility & hardship to bear , not mine or yours or any other user like us . 
   even if they do this for willingly , it does n't mean admins get to treat them like whit . 
  then , they should surrender the position , as moderator , and let somebody else more able to occupy if they ca n't handle it . 
  they 're `` outside their jurisdiction '' with this kind of blocking and they 're blackmailing the administrators for something they did n't do ... for once ... oh , is it about an employee ? 
  i believe it 's reddit 's top exec to decide who remains employed , not mine , yours or any other moderator here . 
   the only reason reddit is n't a complete cesspool is because of the mods that work free of charge , and yet admins constantly disregard them and hang them out to dry . 
  nobody forced them to become moderators in the first place and reddit 's financing ( reddit gold ) can work without the them since this is done person-to-person . 
  the fact that admins let them out to dry is a sign that they know how things worked before or what they 'd want that to happen in the first place . 
   why exactly should mods put up with that ? 
  why exactly should users put up with their tantrum , after they decided on themselves to become mods ? 
  look at our moderating team in here , do you think somebody forced them to become moderators ? 
  i think & believe not . 
  why should they block my access to r/europe ? 
  just because they feel like it ? 
  ffs smh ...  more communication between mods and admins is necessary , and this is the only way to get their attention no , those moderators right now are showing the muscles they would n't have if the reddit administrators did n't made them ( or their colleagues before them ) moderators . 
  this is flexing muscles without a reason , while making our time on reddit restricted & limited : they 're using us , not aiding us . 
   besides this is only for a day or two at most , do n't act like the mods have personally wronged you by shutting down a few internet forums for a few days at most . 
  show me where it is written that those subreddits belong to them personally . 
  what will & testament is there that proves those subreddits are their property ? 
  nobody pointed a gun at their head and made them moderators against their will . 
  now i 'm curious to see if a swede , dutch , english , italian , german , french or danish are going to accuse us again for `` racism '' or `` discrimination '' . 
  also , keep in mind that our government are giving them social help ( or how do you call it ) and cut them a break about taxes ( water , flat , energy ... ) . 
   so be a grown up and do n't throw a shit fit because you ca n't look at memes on the internet for a little while . 
  the same i can say about those who block users from their subreddits , as sign of protest , because they 've chosen to become moderators at their own free will . 
  this is strictly reddit business , not europe 's . 
  from there , they can into space ? 
  also , why are n't you asleep at this hour ? 
  they look constipated . 
   without the euro , south europe would still have industry ... ding , ding , ding , ding !, 
  we have a winner !, 
  holy shit , so it 's true regarding the stray dogs !, 
  i have to admit it : there is n't a more flamboyant `` up yours '' middle finger than what the greeks are showing to the new world lunacy and its imposing , moronic herd-mentality , threats . 
  i thought the suez crisis was the final nail in the coffin . 
  and people call me a crazy nutjob for weapon access . 
  you 'll find them in freemasonic lodges or as members from bilderberg group or trilateral commission , jesuit society and that 's about i could think of . 
  and , just to be specific , they 're not `` great '' neither `` leaders '' ; they simply approve/support whoever they think will help them with their agenda . 
  there are no great leaders . 
  anti-clergy you mean ? 
  it 's curious how things would 've evolved if we 'd accepted voloshin 's proposal . 
  freezing accounts = / = seize or confiscate accounts . 
  it 's relevant to clear this up . 
   romania would be much better now if there was n't the `` we do n't sell our country '' chorus of people who do n't have a clue about how the economy works . 
  i really do hope you live the life you want .
