  that 's the mentality of certain expats : they think change will come in the country if they leave . 
  it 's not easy to fanthom such degenerate stupidity but , it looks like it could degrade into worse . 
  the ass just deleted his comment . 
  pathetic ... 
  to him and morons alike , he does n't bat an eye to all of that because , as a reflex , he thinks the greek youth & the rest will flee/abandon their country as ours did too . 
  or , otherwise , go buy products within the eu because as another moron put it `` 1500 euros is 1500 euros in the whole eu '' . 
  basically , as simple as i could put it , he thinks like judas . 
  and a degenerate moron that thinks ` change ' will come in the country , yet , he does n't find a problem that he left it . 
  i hope my countrymen , after all of this with greece , will understand that no bureaucrat in brussels or any other european `` brother '' will care about each other . 
  if what happened to greeks was well known before the shitstorm arrived , premeditated with intentions of seeing it evolve in this way we see it now , let this be the [ only ] pebble of doubt , at the very least , to reconsider that not everything the eu and the handlers , germany & france , do is n't correct nor right . 
  heck , i still remember when they objected our entrance in nato , if it were n't for usa ; out of full favoritism for the russians . 
   say that about russia and see what happens . 
  the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from russian public life . 
  there . 
  what happens ? 
   you seem to believe that corruption and culture are mutually exclusive , and to deign the thought entails some sort of `` dehumanization . '', 
  ask certain romanians about france or germany , or `` west europe '' in general , about that and you 'll be surprised . 
  usa takes greece 's side . 
  i blame two factors : 1 ) the old , greedy , people . 
  2 ) secret/exclusive clubs like the freemasonry , bilderberg group ... 
  apparently the saying `` old people are the future '' seems to be more and more realistic than a mocking joke . 
  syriza inherited the debt from the friends of epp ( germany & co ) , they did n't do it themselves . 
  this fact seems to be avoided to no end up to varoufakis ' character assassination , and later resignation . 
  and you 've failed to belittle my main argument . 
  tsk , tsk ... 
  what a laugh ... 
  imagine : this guy is part of the bilderberg group . 
  phew , what a glad relief that the bilderberg consists of these type on individuals and , more or less , influence our world , right ? 
  right . 
  and nobody seems to care ...   reason no . 
  5 : if there was no reckless spending , there would be no need for lending hard to think about it since it was already acknowledged that it was a grand whitewash since the beginning : they knew it was going to pop and did so deliberately . 
  instead of being good europeans ` brothers ' , warning them that they are reckless , they continued to put salt on the wound until the knee was hit with an axe . 
  also : [ compund interest . 
  ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/compoundinterest.asp ) gfy david . 
  and it proved to be a massive crap : multiple winners . 
  tsipras and syriza did n't made that debt themselves , they inherited from the pals of epp . 
  alas , memory & reading seems to be a problem to some europeans ( italians , spaniards , portughese , polish , baltic ... ) and for some of my countrymen to understand that , as well . 
  it 's hideous the fact that a couple of countries have an industrial/commercial monopoly over all of europe and , suddenly , because of anti-protectionism/favoritism , they have the upper hand to diktate to others while mocking with lending + interest . 
   oh , wow , what an enlightened attitude . 
  the truth is , romania never had the chance to develop a democratic and capitalist culture . 
  but this is changing . 
  the last 25 years changed a lot . 
  and the change towards good only accelerated after joining nato and the eu . 
  the influence of these two foreign entities is good and we should strive to be more like them . 
  nato is one thing , eu is another . 
  with the greek crisis , it 's clear : the eu is based on politics , not economics . 
   we lost territories in 2010 ? 
  ribbentrop-molotov , vienna award ii . 
  ring any bells or have you forgotten history ? 
  well , most likely , since you clearly do n't show any consistency for it . 
   we had to because it was outdated and inefficient and there was no romanian capital to invest in it . 
  uh-huh , newly brought ( imported ) machinery , scrapped to the junkyard . 
  `` outdated '' . 
   i do n't . 
  i remember how it was when i was little and i can see how it 's now . 
  i see an improvement and i judge the source to be primarily the eu . 
  look at us and look at other former communist states that are not in the eu or nato . 
  where is life better ? 
  as i said before , nato is one thing , eu is another . 
   yes , i was . 
  my mother told me she had to pay 50 $ as a bribe for anesthesia when i was born ( c-section ) otherwise she would not have gotten it . 
  i also remember when she took me to the hospital she always had a little envelope with money for the doctor , because that 's how things worked . 
  but you know what i also remember ? 
  it 's her fault for complying with corruption , not you nor me . 
  see who 's the real culprit for our undoing . 
  just as easy , she could 've refused to bribe , yet she did n't . 
  do n't victimize since your mother was an accomplice to the problem . 
   the first time a doctor refuse the envelope . 
  that doctor went to a training session in germany . 
  ooooh , so now we should kiss the krauts ' ass because of that ? 
  claaaaaasic servilism and inferiority complex . 
  you merely saw a bit of normality , humanity , and remained in awe . 
  just because he was from germany was irrelevant , just as he could 've been from our own country as well . 
   when corruption is embedded in your culture , you need foreign influence to cleanse it . 
  i 've heard that before , most assuredly our [ great ] grandparents or ancestors heard that with the ottomans , with the habsburgs , with the ruskies , with the french , with the nazis , with the bolsheviks ... look how that turned out to be . 
   we 'd still elect eu mps , which would guard their constituents ' interests . 
  besides , i 'd rather be in the first step towards a closer union , than in the last one . 
  what `` than in the last one '' ? 
   our law states that we both enjoy the same rights and obligations . 
  you enjoy the law in which country you already are , not here . 
   if you want my rights restricted , then vote for the mps which propose that , or propose that yourself in front of the parliament , you said you 're in london : vote for those politicians from where you are . 
  if you 're not in the country , i see no reason to have any voice , any more . 
  you pay your taxes ( their version of the irs ) to the british parliament , not ours . 
  you deserve voting rights , since you pay your taxes , but not in your ex-country . 
  simple and reasonable . 
   because they realize that the house is dirty because of our communist legacy and we ca n't `` operate properly '' because we do n't know how . 
  communism left very , very deep wounds in our society . 
  but these wounds are being mended by the younger generation with help and education from abroad . 
  i do n't accept lessons from foreigners and neither should you or anybody else . 
  last time we accepted terms and agreements , we 've lost territories , lost a lot of people and , last but not least , lost our industry by selling it for peanuts . 
  if you have a short memory , go read history books : that is why we have `` very , very deep wounds '' in the first place . 
   because you have a communist mentality . 
  people in the west do n't think like this . 
  clearly , you were n't borned in the '90s , nor seen the conditions for entering the eu ...  de ce ma dobitocule ? 
  is your economy based on export ? 
   many of us would rather be ruled by bruxelles , given the current `` ex '' communist parliament . 
  why would a bureaucrat from bruxelles care about somebody who refuses to clean house and start operate properly ? 
  i would n't , i 'd abuse that nation and people everytime i get that chance , blame the parliament , while the morons get angry over the wrong people . 
  suffice to say , it 's been +25 years ... we have no excuse . 
  he defeated schauble .
