  as if , they want to warn somebody about the storm . 
  one should consider this . 
  let me give you two more reasons : [ global ] surveillance and industrial/corporate espionage . 
  honestly , patents are really stupid . 
  trademarks , yeah , everybody can dig that , but patents ? 
  hell , it 's amazing how we adapted beyond caves and stone wheels . 
  talking in fairness , we 've borrowed a small portion of `` warm words '' from the old , old , slavonic . 
  however , this is the other side of the coin in this ordeal . 
  i would n't have thought that our bureaucracy and ` corruption ' would do an excellent good thing , for once . 
  fuck these pretentious cu #ts , they did n't had a problem leaving the country ( it was their option , they were n't forcefully booted out ) and defy everybody else . 
  so , fu #k them to the grave with their flamboyant claims . 
  i do n't care their wooes , they were n't different than the rest of us . 
   he already has some law problems himself and his relatives too he is n't in a jail nor his relative ( s ) . 
  [ it 's not incorrect . 
  ] ( http://dexonline.ro/definitie/vorb%c4%83 ), 
  if they do n't find anything regarding basescu 's campaign and lukoil 's money in it , then it 's a setup to protect the ex-president . 
   the fund was setup years ago by previous governments . 
  just because a government changes it does n't mean it has the right to nominate all his cronies to every state job that exists . 
  ironically & offtopic , this is why we have global surveillance : the intelligence community 's bureaucracy was n't changed as often . 
   you are wrong . 
  o , really ? 
   heavy punishment for petty offenses . 
    '' * and draco himself , they say , being asked why he made death the penalty for most offences , replied that in his opinion the lesser ones deserved it , and for the greater ones no heavier penalty could be found . 
  '' * plutarch the guy made punishments for small , petty , illegal acts such as stealing a single apple . 
  this here is nowhere close in being `` draconian '' . 
  if the local was killed by the police , then yes , it would 've been draconian . 
   the word comes from draco ancient lawmaker of athens that wrote very severe laws . 
  question : did you just assumed , with this last sentence that you had the urge to complete your phrase with , that i do n't know who draco was just because i 'm a romanian ? 
    of or relating to draco , 7th-century athenian statesman and lawmaker , or his code of laws , which prescribed death for almost every offence if there 's a problem of perception , i blame the british-english pompous egotism of pseudo-superiority . 
  there 's nothing `` draconian '' about this . 
  the term itself always involves killing based on the smallest of injustice made . 
  if the case was truly draconian , the local would 've been killed . 
  the country 's fine , some of the people are fuck-ups . 
  proud about somebody else 's work and successes just because they were borned as < insert nationality  ? 
  i thought r/europe hated patriotism , much less nationalism , less n ' less chauvinism ... tsk , tsk , some of our pro-european countrymen will become confused if they see this . 
  potato . 
   but are there any polls regarding that , particularly one that includes the views of people in transnistria ? 
  yeah : they want momma russia because ... because a guy called lebedev wanted it to make it this way in the '90s . 
  and ` transnistria ' is as legitimized , as a `` country '' , as kaliningrad . 
  however , there are humongous differences between the two . 
  you should thank adolf and joseph for that . 
  we 'll have to see . 
  it 's all i 'm saying . 
  and , technically speaking , if moldova joins with romania , the so-called ` transnistria ' will be put under registration of the country . 
  then , appeal to the un or the us ' dod and redistribute the rusophiles back to their beloved country that they do n't live in . 
  deportations are n't unknown under the sun . 
  geostrategy all the way , an eye for an eye ... 
  i , however , would n't seek `` approval '' from anyone in the eu . 
   as per usual , a people get the government they deserve . 
  your own quote or somebody else 's ? 
  then , the `` unemployed '' italian youth are full of * it * ... 
  work as waiters/waitresses , in asylums for old people , agriculture ... 
  give it a few months , or a couple of years , and it 's huxleyan . 
  i wrote that i gave you the benefit of the doubt by calling it a different extention . 
  nevertheless , the parliament decided not to continue since it did n't found enough evidence/incentive to greenlight the prosecution . 
  that does n't mean mps are immune like the president . 
  and just to remind others who might read this : preventive detention/arrest is n't prosecution nor conviction . 
  it 's a circus . 
  try to explain this to some of my countrymen . 
  they think this is `` obstruction of justice '' . 
  they think elected mps should be removed as soon as possible if allegations arise . 
  no need for proof , just the words ` allegation ( s ) ' or ` preventive detention/arrest ' . 
  jeff , that kind of corrupt fraud process exists . 
  and their not counterproductive for the `` investors '' . 
  ( the isds is a different extention , i 'll give you that benefit of the doubt ) 1 ) find a country with rigid laws/regulations + the eu 's potpourri of regulations , since we are a member . 
  2 ) bribe [ a ] government official ( s ) to borrow/give you the needs/facilities that , legally , must n't be given . 
  sometimes , lobbying has been attributed with this `` side effect '' , obviously . 
  3 ) it is discovered/established/cried out that it has been committed an illegality , and the needs/facilities are shut . 
  4 ) cry `` wolf ! '', 
  and you bring the case to an arbitration tribunal . 
  the arbitration tribunal decides that it 's the government 's fault . 
  the government , through taxpayer money , will pay you the ` damages ' . 
  * add isds , i can only guess what 'll happen * ... 5 ) ??? 
  6 ) profit with millions and billions !, 
  7 ) repeat the steps with a different country . 
  this is a pyramid scheme 2,0 . 
   i do n't know how can this rich people feel ok about themselves when they are practically siphoning money from normal people into their already stuffed pockets . 
  why do they do this ? 
  why do they need to keep extracting money from poor people if they are rich already ? 
  because romanians , for example , are n't known in the 21st century to promise vendettas against those who ripped them . 
  if we were to lose this one against gg ( or , maybe , we will ) , you would n't see their executives , ceo & chairman found dead because of `` unknown circumstances '' . 
  i wished we were , though ... the lack for bloodshedding vigilantism is a rigid downfall for any nation if their population lack that sense for , shall we say , ` equity against losses ' . 
  thank you . 
  our central bank governor ( that still has a mandate similar to a medieval lord at the royal court ) said that we have completed our dues in order to join the eurozone ... already . 
   as i mentioned in other post problem with `` communist symbols '' like red star is that it 's widely used outside europe for example in muslim and latin american countries by socialist parties . 
  pot calling the kettle black . 
   and socialism is , incidentally , only real political alternative to such treats like militaristic authoritarianism and islamism in most muslim countries . 
  even as close to romanian borders as turkey . 
  banning such symbol may prove problematic sooner rather than later . 
  hoping that subterfuging a group mentality to extinction using ideologies , political spectrums & political parties , without actual repression as it happened under the iron curtain , is not only dangerous & * na\u00efve * , it is the perfect recepy for blowbacks . 
  why * must n't * they be ? 
  not communist ones , ironically . 
   anyway , i understand your concerns it must be * `` ours '' * , not only mine . 
   as even absolute freedom of expression can become oppressive and it is not desirable . 
  would you prefer it the other way around ? 
  one 's manageable . 
  one 's not . 
   not sure i follow what you are saying . 
  what part did you found ambiguous ? 
  i 'll reiterate , in more detail , if you want to .
