pressuring the poorest people in a society to find solutions to their lack of health care , education and social security all by themselves -- then blaming them , if they fail , as `` lazy . '', 
  well , we 've got plenty of those poor people on minimal wage who are `` lazy '' in your eyes , so you 've got that going . 
  poland is a neoliberal country compared to almost every country in europe . 
  words ' ranges of meaning change , thanks to god classic liberalism died with colonial empires and as it is now , poland is a pretty neoliberal country . 
  it 's not a matter of opinion , just ask anyone who has at least basic knowledge about economic terms who is n't from poland and they will tell you that poland is liberal . 
  they are neoliberal and they 're not left . 
  poland has one of the most neoliberal systems in europe . 
  especially when comes to tax rates , it 's just that people like you usually do n't take time to actually know what '' liberal '' and '' neoliberal '' means . 
  you see raising vat tax rate while maintaining income tax rate for richer folks at the same level and you scream '' leftists '' , while it 's actually pretty neoliberal / liberal thing to do . 
  and then vittorio de sica makes a movie about you . 
  i have yet to see someone with swedish flag by her / his username stating something with hostility towards any nationality / ethnicity / religion . 
  someone could say it 's just a coincidence , but i think you people are really educated and ... human ? 
  i write this , because it often saddens me when i know someone , we talk about movies or weather and topic about imigrants comes up in media , few of these immigrants happen to be dangerous and this person i had fun talking to says '' shooting these animals would be right solution '' . 
  sadly it becomes more and more common in my country to witness that hostility towards anyone who is n't white european and we do n't even have multicultural society ... 
  this attitude functioning amongst many of poles is one of the reasons i would like to leave '' my '' country some time in the future . 
  it 's not related , but art style and used colours remind me of mural in my city : http://i.imgur.com/gp1agw3.jpg http://i.imgur.com/jbf4phi.jpg, 
  hungarian language looks and sounds like mix of madness , passion and depression . 
  would love to learn it one day . 
  my favourite '' derivative '' is wykurwisty . 
  it could be translated to '' fucking awesome '' , but it sounds so much better . 
  when something is wykurwiste , it 's really , really good . 
  please do n't maintain this nationalistic black and white propaganda . 
  `` proudest moment in polish history '' ? 
  all this dehumanization of germans as it was some soviet movie like * alexander newski * ? 
  some terrible things happened back then , but it 's not a reason to catalyze mythical nomenclature . 
  when finnish redditor point out issues to anti-russian people , you know something is not right . 
  wow , thanks for the info , such a manipulation ... 
  most representable is this one . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjvttfbpwjy it 's ... 
  i 'll put it this way , some people like to find musical pieces and point out that they were examples of hard / hardcore music before such music was widely introduced in our culture . 
  this piece , alongside with robert johnson 's preachin ' blues are my favourite examples of it . 
  member of parliament , i should n't really use this term , since it 's rather british one . 
  i 'm amazed how did you form this assumption based on my post . 
   worst part about it all is the fact that he 's pretty much no one . 
  i follow polish politics pretty closely and i have n't even heard of him few months back . 
  i 'm by no means his supporter , but i wold n't say he 's no one , look at picture i linked below . 
  he was just not present in mainstream media . 
  http://i.imgur.com/hox7dcb.jpg for non-polish people , it 's a 2013 cover of rather respectable polish magazine , which says , that they chose andrzej duda as a best mp . 
  ** edit read / u/wgszpieg comment . 
  ** http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/374ket/exit_poll_andrzej_duda_wins_the_second_round_of/crlbv71, 
  haralambos is cool , greeks names are cool . 
  you 're cool indeed , haralambos . 
  sorry , but even in polish news it is n't covered . 
  it 's harsh what i 'm gon na say , but it 's because nobody died in this accident and drivers were sober , so media ca n't sell drama over it like they do with recent airbus crash . 
  i decided to post it , since it 's highly unusual to be accident in my city involving not only this high number of wounded , but also ... all of them being irish . 
  at 16:30 today on grunwaldzkie roundabout tram had collision with a bus . 
  6 people were wounded , 2 of them were taken to a hospital . 
  all of them were irish citizens . 
  photos of the crash are in the link . 
  dammit gustaw adolf , you ca n't just make baltic sea your * mare nostrum * . 
  how enjoyable was that fivesome ? 
  i 'm happy that those who really needed asylum , found it in your country . 
  this looks like a shot from aki kaurism\u00e4ki 's film . 
   the only people who annoy me more than vegetarians and cyclists wow , you 're basically an embodiment of a stereotype . 
  i feel the same . 
  if i had to identify with any region , it would be my home city , maybe . 
  overall , i do n't think there is anything in poland , that i have warm feelings about , that is great because it 's polish . 
  for example i like some art , that was created by people who happened to be poland 's citizens or whos first language is polish , but i feel the same towards films / music / books made by people from any country . 
  i 'd say that patriotism is just another expression of this inner need to , as you said , seperate people into two groups - * us * and * them * . 
  the problem with pc is that this term starts to does n't mean anything . 
  it has became one of those words which are treated as solution for everything like '' fascism '' , '' globalisation '' , '' multi-kulti '' or '' leftist '' . 
  person a says something , that person b does n't like , so person b yells '' political corectness '' and according to that person that is the end of it , case solved . 
  to be honest , if you guys would agree to that in local referendum , i 'd be all for silesian autonomy . 
  there is reykjavik and bunch of gas stations throughout the whole island they called '' cities '' so it would n't look that sparsely populated on maps . 
  i did n't know etymology behind `` barbarian '' , now i of course understand . 
  not at all , at least in my opinion , i 'm not a historian . 
  rather an effect of xenophobic attitude . 
  well , literal translation for `` niemiec '' ( `` german '' - person , not language ) would be `` mute '' , someone who ca n't speak at all . 
  so `` niemcy '' means literally a country which consists of mute people . 
  from what i learned in history classes , people were basically * lazy * , and since they could n't understand what you guys were talking , they called you `` mutes '' . 
   25 years ago poland was socialist poland was never a socialist country . 
  it 's a nomenclature that emerged before 1989 and is still somehow in use , although nowadays people finally more often use `` central-planned economy '' , because ... it was not a socialism . 
  then the graph would be hard to read , but i guess the graph is yet another propaganda made by german corporate media to attack stronk polan . 
  i guess the name for germany in hungarian is similar to polish equivalent . 
  in polish `` germany '' = `` niemcy '' , which means that people in `` niemcy '' do n't speak or do n't speak common tongue . 
   even if there are good equivalents in their native language . 
  what i dislike is when there are n't any good enough equivalents in my first language and you 're ending sound like a snob . 
  i 'm already pretty happy with how it works in my country , but norway seems to be just a class higher . 
  root of films and music i love , food i 'd love to eat if i did n't mind dying of heart attack , nationalism , ridiculous praise for military , and many other terrible things like how prisons work , how one race despite being allegedly equal have statistically drastically different living conditions . 
  i guess it 's as with almost every country - lots of good folks , some bad folks , and shitty state policies . 
  assuming the second worst case scenario ( no terrorist attacks , but terror alerts remaining for a long time ) , i 'm ... curious when people would stop thinking about these bans and such in a good way , because it makes them somewhat safe , and how much time would have to pass before majority of people in belgium would say , in the first place , that they lost their freedom . 
  will to not live in fear is not an ideal , but rather one of the most basic humans ' needs . 
  i agree that dying for ideals is worthless , but what / u/malacovics wrote about is not some ideology but a simple will to live a peaceful life . 
  what i like the most is when poles and hungarians on reddit cry out of joy when they found out that both of them want everyone who is n't white out of europe . 
  * polak , w\u0119gier , dwa bratanki , i do szabli i do nationalistic ideologies . 
  my point was to express a concern i have not only when comes to reddit , but also media and public discourse as a whole , which is that worker 's right are not seen as anything worth writing and talking about . 
   some warehouses strike which will cause some people to not get their stuff on time . 
  it 's not about getting ipad on time , it 's about conditions in a workplace , it 's about wages . 
  it 's sad that this thread will be buried with maybe 10 comments , and meanwhile a thread about some bullshit where people get offended because other people are offended has 600 comments . 
  its funny cos your french n they say peple from frenc cant into englesh, 
  what i 'm trying to say is that you 're not leftist in my eyes if you use violence as a tool to achieve goals . 
  but of course someone from right side of spectrum could say the same about '' right people '' . 
   i saw a video a bit ago that showed antifa , as they do , try to take on a nationalist march in poland , and it did n't end well for antifa who were outnumbered about 1000 to 1 . 
  i do n't want say here that every leftie is an angel , but well , for people in left side of spectrum there tends to be less people eager to violence ( be it physical or verbal ) , at least from my observations . 
   who the hell would let a complete stranger from a warzone in their home ? 
  my greatgrandfather did , with many people , and i hope i would do the same . 
  recently the elections in poland were won by the party named prawo i sprawiedliwo\u015b\u0107 ( law and justice ) , they 're pretty conservative and , let 's say , religious when comes to their view on how the country should be ruled and what laws should be present . 
  although abortion was already illegal here before , / u/ygyfygy 's joke was about this new government . 
  i 'd just tell you , that i would n't find it surprising if the new government would make the abortion illegal even in the event of rape . 
  thank you for detailed answer .
