students in the school type i went to ( gymnasium , the one that allows you to go to university ) usually take between 2 or 4 foreign languages . 
  for me it was like this : english : grade 3-12 latin : 6-9 french : 8-10 spanish : 10-12 english is mandatory from 3rd to 10th grade . 
  after that , for the two senior years , it is only mandatory to continue with two languages , but most people still choose english since that 's the one they know best . 
  in my school only 3/100 did n't continue with english . 
  students from other school types might only study one language , but this will always be english . 
  my flat has about 15sqm . 
  the other place i ever lived in was my familiy 's ( 4 people ) house which has about 350sqm . 
  zadie smith, 
  dryers are pretty common . 
  often appartment buildings have a washing room in the basement and tumble dryers there as well and most people living in houses will have one too . 
  there are also clotheslines inside to hang stuff up if it 's bad weather outside . 
  i personally only use the dryer for stuff like towels , socks and underwear . 
  everything else i hang up . 
  keeps it in form longer i think and then i do n't have to iron . 
  he annoys me a bit in the avengers movies , but i 'm not bothered by him in his own movies . 
  he come across as a much more nuanced character in them . 
  the winter soldier is probably my favourite movie of the mcu . 
  sure , we have german lessons . 
  in the first couple of years it 's mostly about learning proper grammar , spelling and other language rules and how to write different types of texts . 
  in the last couple of years it 's pretty much exclusively about all kinds of literature or other media . 
  we also do a fair bit of literature in the foreign languages , especially in english since that is the one most people take for the longest time . 
  not really a lot . 
  pretty much only that they were there and that they were killed , got diseases from blankets ( smallpox i think ? ), 
  and were put into reservations . 
  it was a small topic in english lessons while talking about american history . 
  we actually learned far more about indigenous people from latin america which where a topic in history in the context of discovering america and later on more in depth in spanish lessons . 
  most people 's knowledge about native americans are probably heavily shapped through pop culture like westerns . 
  they were a very popular film genre in the past and even one of [ the most successful german movies ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0248408/ ) which is now a bit of a cult classic for my generation is a parody of western/karl may movies . 
  they are also a popular carneval costume for example or popular characters in children 's books . 
  i 'm immensely annoyed by it . 
  why does it take so fucking long ? 
  til i 've actually been calling the guy by the wrong name without even meaning to . 
  if it would add something worthwhile to the lessons , i 'd welcome it in moderation , but i ca n't really think of anything they would do with tablets which is n't already done with computers and all schools have those . 
  i 've read about some project schools where they use them , but it is definitely not the norm at all . 
  we do n't really have any assigned work at my uni that i had to do at home , but of course the actual studying is a lot of work and done outside of the classroom . 
  i do n't have an actual tv , so only streaming for me . 
  most people i know do own one though . 
  also german tv is ( and i think has always been ) quite shitty imo , but i guess that 's just personal taste . 
  it 's mainly police shows , reality shows about poor people , imported sitcoms and bad mom movies . 
  schweinebauch ( pork belly ) , if that is what i think it is . 
  it 's one of the most popular barbecue meats here . 
  21-year-old student :  what your typical meals would be . 
  i do n't breakfast . 
  for lunch i usually have something quick from the bakery like a pretzl or some sandwich . 
  for dinner i cook for myself most nights . 
  very often some sort of pasta or rice dish with a few vegetables . 
  a lot of eggs , not that much meat , maybe once a week . 
   school schedule ? 
  this semester my schedule is monday and wednesday from 8:00 to 18:00 , tuesday from 9:45 -18 and friday from 13:00 to 16:00 . 
  thursday i have no classes . 
  it depends if i actually manage to go to all of my clases though because i have a fucked up sleep schedule ( like right now , it 's 3am and i 'm wide awake ) and a monday 8am class is just brutal anyway . 
   employment schedule ? 
  i work two jobs . 
  one is a office job 10 hours/week , where i can pretty much work whenever i want . 
  the other one as a waitress for two shifts/week ( the hours vary ) . 
  one evening during the week and one day on the weekend usually . 
   typical entertainment netflix . 
  other internety stuff . 
  reading . 
  and if you want to consider it entertainment : going out , going to cafes and bars with my friends , doing stuff for/with my sport and uni club  do you drive a car , a bicycle , or just public transportation ? 
  all three and i also walk a lot . 
  i need the car for when i 'm at my parent 's and i use in my city when i 'm especially lazy , have to buy a lot of water or if the weather is shitty . 
  i mostly use the bike if i have to go to places more than 20 minutes away by foot ( work , friends ) , otherwise i walk ( city center , university , groceries ) . 
  i use public transport in the winter or when i 'm feeling lazy , but not lazy enough to take the car . 
   do you feel relatively safe travelling around in your city ? 
  depends on the area . 
  mostly yes , but there are some places i would definitely not walk alone at night . 
   do kids play outside a lot or do they tend to stay indoors more ? 
  im not really sure . 
  you see kids around , but i ca n't really say if they are a lot or outside a lot . 
  it 's definitely not as much as the place where i grew up in ( very rural ) , where kids basically take off after breakfast and come home for dinner and the parents have no idea where they are during the day . 
  it 's not the 90s anymore . 
  what kind of music do you like ? 
  pretty much the same . 
  what makes you say nuremberg ? 
  it was in 8th grade for us in bavaria , but history is only 2 hours/week in 11/12 grade so it does n't come up again . 
  the german colonies are n't a huge topic in history lessons , probably because ( as it is my impression ) they were n't even * that * important to anyone back when they existed . 
  we were taught about when and where they were established and then that we lost them with the versaille treaty . 
  beyond that the genocide of the herero people was also a topic . 
  imperialism was also a topic from the non-german side . 
  in english the british empire was a huge topic and it comes up while talking about the history of south africa and india . 
  in spanish and history the spanish empire at the time of the conquistadors was a topic and in spanish we also delved a bit deeper into the fight for independence of the south american nations . 
  in geography it 's a minor topic while talking about the regions of africa and south america and then again as an economic influencer in developing nations . 
  https://www.bundestag.de/dokumente/textarchiv/32714943_misstrauensvotum07/204182 i think this gives a good view over what was going on at the time . 
  that number is from deutscher sch\u00fctzenbund , so i believe those should only be the sportsch\u00fctzen . 
  also , i do n't know how it 's elsewhere , but at least where i live all members in the sch\u00fctzenverein are also practising the sport . 
  or at least did in the past . 
  i agree with you on the other stuff you said though . 
  that is definitely the case . 
   shooting guns for sports has n't got a great reputation in germany . 
  there are about 1,3 million shooting club members , though to be fair most of them in bavaria so maybe my experience on how they are perceived is wrong for the whole country . 
  i just watched an episode of dr. house where they did that . 
  tv teaches stuff !, 
  most people will have heard of them , but probably have n't read them . 
  in school we generally only read german authors , except in english class . 
  so some people might have read some of those authors in their schools , but i personally did n't and i do n't think they are that common choices . 
  i always order semmeln wherever i am in germany . 
  just saying br\u00f6tchen makes me feel super weird . 
  that was always a thing . 
  for example the founder of adidas was called adi and he was born in 1900 .
