really that bad ? 
  i 'm thinking about moving to t\u00fcbingen . 
  how is it living there ? 
  reminds me of another vote , that some guy said he would n't accept a 52-48 decision . 
  at this point these news are basicly priceless for may . 
  ceta is not dead yet and even if , thats one of the flaws i was talking about . 
  i 'm not happy about the situation that such a small region can block a deal for everyone else . 
  there was already a lot of discussion if it 's even necessary to ask the parliaments and they 've done it to be save . 
  i trust the eu that it will find a way out of this dilemma , otherwise i ca n't see a future for it . 
  ofc there are flaws and ever will . 
  the most important thing is , that the eu is moving in the right direction , and imo it does . 
  the problem is not that the power has the governments , but the parliaments , so the eu is abused for local fights for power . 
  that 's not what i 've meant . 
  i think canada is our 12th biggest trade partner while we are your 2nd biggest and when we are not capable of making a deal with you , it looks really bad for us . 
  i 've meant more that the us for example would n't let us bitching . 
  i would pretty much agree that ceta 's failure is really bad for the eu and it 's simply not something we can ignore . 
  we just ca n't stop making deals because the world moves on , with or without us . 
  so it 's simple , we have to change something or we are not capable to handle the future and that would destroy the eu for sure . 
  do n't be mean , they are exploiting the fact that you need the parliament instead of the government . 
  better now against canada who are way more dependend on europe than vice versa . 
  they may delay the deal , but in the long run the eu has to change this regulation , otherwise we are unable to deal with anyone . 
   david cameron 's failure to gain any significant changes to the eu as a whole that 's not easy . 
  you 've mentioned that germany and france are ruling the eu . 
  one of merkels most important projects this year was an eu quota system for refugees , but the v4 denied it . 
  but we do n't spin here how weak merkel is and that she ca n't even bring her most important projects through . 
   the most important reason for brexiters was to stop the eu from legislating on british laws . 
  it 's hard to belive that this was really the most important point . 
  i 've never heard anyone mentioning a single law that you are now happy to get rid off . 
  towards your other points , ofc will the single market never be completed , that 's impossible . 
  and i think that everyone agrees that the eu has some big problems , like every country in the world . 
  tbh , i have no idea what to think of the links . 
  db cheated on a test , ok , but that 's not the german government . 
  big companies will always look for loopholes . 
  i do n't think it 's ok , but has nothing to do with germany in europe . 
  it 's quit interesting how some british media spins the problems of db to be the end of the eurozone . 
  your second link is some kind of prediction i ca n't read . 
  no idea what this should tell me . 
  like i 've mentioned , there are problems here in europe with the eu , nobody would deny this , but by leaving the eu you are loosing any say in it 's future direction . 
  hm , too bad . 
  i think if such a allegation is repeated over and over it should have some reliable source . 
  but for me your other point is more interesting . 
  that the interests of germany and france count more . 
  i thought about it for a little and you might have a point . 
  but i think the reason for that is maybe different . 
  on the continent very few people have the feeling the the uk ever commited to the idea of europe . 
  and it is viewed that uk politicans never wanted to shape the future of europe . 
  now for the people in this sub i think it 's pretty obvious . 
  the main reason even may confirms is to control eu immigration . 
  so you basicly voted to take our right to work and live in the uk . 
  i mean you can , but it 's nothing to be happy about it . 
  for the status the uk has after brexit i fear it depends more on the uk than on the eu . 
  the eu is pretty transparent about a lot of things , just do n't expect exceptions ( besides that you can bring up additional source about germany bending the rules  really interested in this ), 
  hm , i just hoped for something with more substance . 
  both articles are not neutral what is not the problem , but they do n't go to the core . 
  i will not deny that germany is doing something , but the interesting part is , is it legal without relying on exception ? 
  can you please explain what excactly germany is doing ? 
  the only thing i can find in the article is  germany does not accept another pillar of the single market . 
  it blocks free trade in services to maintain german professional standards and to prevent dilution of its privacy laws in a digital single market . 
  which is simply a claim without source . 
  so if germany is bending the rules , i 'm really curious how . 
  i tried a google search , but could n't find anything . 
  yeah , it seems very unlikely that she phrases something that blunt . 
  the article does n't even specify where and when she said it . 
  a google search in german over the last 24h with the terms merkel and saudi arabien does n't had any results . 
   this is such a nonsense argument . 
  the scots are not a bunch of simpletons . 
  they knew exactly what they were voting for in the independence referendum . 
  that was to stay in the uk , everything else was absurdly secondary . 
  does the same hold true for the brexit referendum ? 
  that means just leaving the eu and no secondary stuff like controling immigration or 350m pounds a week for the nhs ? 
  would be really easy than , just be an efta member , leave the eu and all voting rights . 
  everything else would be the same . 
  but something tells me that this would n't please the leave voters . 
  was ? 
  it 's not all bad , berenberg bank made an analysis about the [ major opportunities of brexit ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/article-50-trigger-does-brexit-create-any-opportunities-for-the-uk-2017-3?ir=t&amp;r=uk ) . 
  you may not have noted , but here are people with different opinions . 
  stronger together ... in the eu , 
  can scotland prevent a deal between eu-uk ? 
  can estonia prevent a deal between eu-uk ? 
  look , i agree that may listens to sturgeon when it comes to brexit , but she can decide to completly ignore her . 
  my point is , that a country in the eu has way more power to form the future . 
  yes , and did they ? 
  people will always cry , so i do n't get your point . 
   i do n't know if i 'd be thrilled at the prospect of joining an organisation where half of one member has the power to stop a deal potentially negotiated and written by my country , but whatever floats your boat . 
  the idea of the eu is coorperation and there is no other way , otherwise germany would basicly rule europe . 
   what kind of powers does bavaria have when it comes to influence germany 's policy regarding the european union ? 
  or a more apt comparison , how much of a voice does niedersachsen have in germany 's eu related parliament votes ? 
  that is germany 's internal political system and is regulated in our constitution . 
  scotland would join as a country and not as part of germany . 
   in the uk , scottish mps are allowed to vote on matters that only affect england . 
  english mps can not do the same for scotland . 
  ok , but the topic was how much influence scotland would have . 
  and scotland would have more influence in the eu as independent country . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  remember wallonia could veto ceta but the snp has basicly no voice in brexit negotiations . 
  it was part of clintons campaign , so no need to wonder . 
  allowed ? 
  they were pretty busy collapsing . 
   to be fair , democracy does have better methods for decision making than putting a monumental single issue decision to a one-shot binary referendum vote on top of that it was n't even clear what the alternatives were . 
  they were busy the last months figuring out what excactly they had voted for .
