  gosh , get your alternative facts straight . 
  nobody said that and there was no bus . 
  that means , i do n't even exist ? 
   but why do people always assume we 'll be weak when it comes to trade deals ? 
  i assume it because the way your politicans talk . 
  you are threatening to change you whole economic model if you do n't get the deal you want . 
  may is mentioning things for bargaining nobody has ever asked for , like nuclear weapons . 
  and the negotiations has n't even started . 
  sorry , does n't seem like even may thinks she is on the strong side . 
  so it 's not the greeks assets that are toxic ? 
  oh wow , what a twist . 
  yeah , i have no idea until i admit that everything is germany 's fault . 
  greece was basicly forced by germany to manipulate their books to join the ez . 
  it 's clear as day . 
  also all the stuff the greece government signed was absolutly not their responsibility because they had a lot of trust , but the evil germans ripped the wealthy country apart . 
  maybe they should stop voting for a government that deals with the troika and everything will be sunshine . 
  i would have no problems with a debt cut if that would make greece self sustained , because i do n't think that they can pay back the money if this goes on . 
  oh god , i would love to see britain becoming a tax heaven , because wallonia is vetoing a trade deal . 
  nothing would express sovereignty more . 
   it should have been forbidden to be leveraged 40 to 1 . 
  but that was pretty common all over the world . 
  that 's why it 's forbidden now and the banking supervision is performing stress tests . 
  a trade surplus just says that we are exporting more than we are importing . 
  it has nothing to do with spending money . 
  we could throw an additional 100 billions at our social systems , but that would n't change anything about our export to import ratio . 
   and there is no reason to think that greece was made any favour in this negociation . 
  this is true and it ca n't go on . 
   in a way , it is understandable that greek people do n't understand why french and german banks are to be rescued , but not greek citizen . 
  yes , i agree . 
  and i do n't think many people exist that are blaming the greek . 
  nonetheless we need a solutione for this . 
   bla bla bla , never said it , stop with strawman . 
  it 's not like you are not arguing that everything was enforced on greece . 
   but greece trusted germany to take care of their banks maybe . 
  what ? 
  so it should have been forbidden for german banks to lend greece money ? 
  i mean , what are you suggesting ? 
  poorer regions in europe are getting money from the eu . 
   they failed to do so properly before the crisis . 
  we had a world financial crisis . 
  everyone failed to control it 's banks . 
   by draining greece out of capital . 
  yeah , for everything wrong in the usa it 's chinas fault , for everything wrong in britain it 's the eu 's fault , and for everything wrong in greece it 's germany 's fault . 
  everything that happened in greece was signed by the elected greek government . 
  and if evil germany ruins everything there , maybe stop taking the money . 
  germany did n't joined the ez , but was a founding member . 
  and the banks are corporations and are not state controlled . 
  also nobody predicted that greece would n't be unable to pay it 's depts , otherwise i do n't think they could have joined the ez . 
  also merkel already stated that there would n't be a bail out for deutsche bank anymore . 
  and being a bavarian involves being not a saxon , but both implies being a german . 
   but then it 's also fault of germans that they let their banks to lend very cheaply money to greece . 
  yes , that was a mistake and since 2008 banks are much stronger regulated . 
  a friend of mine is working in a bank and she predicts that in 10 years most banks wo n't exist anymore because of the interest rates and the regulations . 
   if they did n't want to have banking sector that overleveraged to the point of destroying economy then why did they join eurozone ? 
  whom are you talking about ? 
  germany , greece , the banks ? 
  i think no country criticises drahgi as much as germany . 
  saying that he is acting in our interest is quite a stretch . 
  also the ecb was never intended to be a lander of last resort . 
  nobody was ever forced to sign agreements , and if you did because you thought things would change in the way you like , you made a big mistake . 
  i 've never said that the greeks are lazy , but there are corruptions indices and greece is one of the most corrupt countries in europe . 
   condescending as fuck . 
  same way you ca n't win in germany if you tell people your economical policies fuck everything around . 
  are you talking about our export surplus ? 
  because that 's something we recognize as problem . 
   leaving ez is very difficult , and also i would like to remind you that everyone in ez wanted to avoid greece defaulting on their debts because that would kill german and french banks . 
  no reason not to leave . 
  greece has really profited from being a member of the ez up to 2008 http://data.worldbank.org/country/greece  so when greece became illiquid because of the usa crisis that was just the trigger . 
   if everyone knew that greek economy is n't looking great why bond yields where as low as german ? 
  because everyone things germany will pay for it . 
  overall i would have absolutly no problems in cutting the dept for greece if they would reform and fight corruption more seriously . 
  but just start unconditionaly throwing money at greece because austerity is bad wo n't gon na happen . 
  also , greece is a grown-up country , but apparently you do n't win elections there if you tell the people that they are self responsible . 
  maybe get the level of corruption straight first ? 
  i really like how he already points out the contradictions in a speech that basicly says nothing . 
  as soon as the eu defends it 's very own interests in the negotiations with britain , it will be spun as `` the evil eu punishes freedom seeking britains '' . 
  brexit will be a complete sh * tshow . 
  ofc , austerity has economy-killing effects , but if you have to spend 100 $ to make 80 $ maybe something is wrong . 
  and nobody on the planet believes that spending money on greece for economic reasons is a good idea so the it has to be political . 
   the most cynical interpretation is that it was punishment to the greek people for voting in syriza and getting all lippy . 
  ofc , we are burning billions of euros and destroying an economy , because the greek voted for syriza . 
  seriously , ofc more austerity was going to happen . 
  this happens basicly with every private person , with every company and evey country . 
  so your solution is , everytime a country has financial problems , the ecb should start printing money and buy the toxic assets ? 
  when it 's so easy , maybe greece should leave the euro and start printing money . 
  and the gdp was killed because of germany ? 
  just to get the timeline straigt , the first thing that happened was , that greece was basicly bankrupt . 
  and the second thing was , that the troika gave them money . 
  not the other way around . 
  and they joined the ez in the first place , because they could borrow cheaper money than ever before . 
  and to do so they had to manipulate their books . 
  everyone on the whole planet was and is completly free to give greece money . 
  edit : and when they really thought the ecb would start printing money and buying their toxic stuff when they are bankrupt , maybe they should have read about the duties of the ecb before the joined the ez . 
  sorry , i fail to see why it 's germanys fault that nobody wants to lend greece money . 
  yeah , nothing makes you look as strong as permanently threaten the countries you want to have a deal with . 
  and bringing stuff on the table nobody has asked for , like nuclear weapons . 
  ok , maybe i have a understanding problem with the term grasp of language , but children are able to understand what you are saying way earlier than they are able to speak . 
  and even way earlier they are able to communicate with you and understand you . 
  they know when you are angry , mad or happy . 
  based on the experience with my own children i ca n't imagine a scenario where a toddler can move and ca n't understand a serious `` no '' , in the sence that the situation has changed and i 'm in a serious mood .
