  it is not true , i am completely fine with any russian who does not support russia 's aggressive policy , sadly ( really sadly ) they are minority . 
  also , i fail to understand what sense does it make to protest against russian government while if you support annexation of crimea at the same time . 
  and i never blamed any russian individually here , except obvious cases when they defend russian regime atrocities . 
   i just ca n't understand , what do you expect from people like leemylammy , do you really think that the political minority is as responsible for the deeds of the political majority ? 
  i do not think that , i was just saying that russian political minority is getting looked down because of the russian political majority . 
   the `` what do you propose we do ? '', 
  was said in context of resistance within russia against the regime and your suggestion is to return crimea to ukraine ? 
  how could an average russian individual ** individually ** resist against the russian government ? 
  in my opinion , putin 's regime can not be reformed - it just needs to be dissolved and a new government ( probably with a new constitution to prevent a next putin ) should be created from scratch . 
   i have a really hard time even thinking of an explanation for how condescending this is . 
  i did not mean that they are either physically or intellectually incapable , i meant that majority of russian population in my opinion is completely okay with everything that happens in russia and because of that there is no effort to fix anything . 
   please , please try judging them by their actions and their individual character . 
   odds are the person you 're talking to is actually on the exact same side as you ( or me ) i always try to do that . 
  the person that i replied to - haroshinka , is justifying annexation of crimea in [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6a3ot8/happy_victory_day_on_this_day_72_years_ago_soviet/dhc5das/ ) . 
  it seems to be on the other side than i am . 
  yes , he is just responsible for electing his government . 
  like it was not the russian people who elected putin in russia . 
   some reasonable individual communists while they may be rarely reasonable on the case-by-case , they are one of the biggest reason of why russia sucks . 
  also i know there are some russians who live outside of russia and at the same time they watch russian tv , fully support russian foreign policy and russian aggressive imperialist propaganda ( e.g. 
  `` crimea was always russian , it is rightfully ours '' ) and if they are russian citizens then they vote for putin in russian embassies when there are elections in russia . 
  nobody is forcing them to do that but they are doing that . 
  i guess that 's because of the decades lasting propaganda . 
  ok , a lot more than 0.2 % of population attended the maidan in kiev , ukraine was not under any occupation at that moment . 
  it is just a question of whether does the country population finally want to do some real improvement to their life ( see ukraine - visa free travel , etc ) , or is it better for them to continue to be enslaved by their government while being told tales about their great past . 
   50,000 russians protested against government last month . 
  russia population is about 140 millions and just 50,000 participated ? 
  this is about 0.03 % of the russian population . 
  of course with such low attention rate nothing is going to work . 
  in 1989 we had [ baltic way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way ) where about 50 % of population participated and you can see baltic countries are doing very good in comparison to russia . 
   so what do you propose we do , oh wise and noble sage ? 
  ok i guess something like this : 1 . 
  return crimea to ukraine , there is even no point to try justify this act of annexation . 
  stop this soviet circle jerk about great ussr - accept that ussr failed very hard , accept that ussr is not better than nazi germany , stop claiming that it was a liberator . 
  dissolute the government and elect the new one , prohibit anyone who held an office before to get elected again . 
  it worked in baltic countries . 
  start liberalizing economy , remove the currency control , simplify taxes . 
  probably make some e-government like estonia has so it would reduce number of officials , therefore reduce possibility of corruption . 
  you see i wrote this message in few minutes , why ca n't russians come up with and implement some decent plan at least like the one that i described ? 
  that 's good that there are some russians why try to fight corruption and aggressive foreign policy . 
  but in the [ first link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011%e2%80%9313_russian_protests ) that you sent you could see that some of the `` russian opposition '' are `` communists '' and other radical things that probably are even worse than the putin 's regime . 
  also , in the [ link 3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_russian_protests ) it says that just 25,000 attended the protest in moscow - this is just 0.2 % of the moscow 12.9 m population . 
  as a comparison , during the [ 2014 ukrainian revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_ukrainian_revolution ) , it says that 400,000 - 800,000 people attended the protests in kiev , which is 13 % - 26 % of kiev 2.8 m population . 
  why more people are not going to the protests ? 
  in 1989 we had [ baltic way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way ) where about 2 million people participated , which is about 61 % of estonia 's population , 52 % of latvia population and 80 % of lithuania population , and you can see that this protest really worked very well since we are ahead of russia in many areas , such as corruption index , ease of doing business , income level , etc. 
  edit : grammar, 
  look i fully support reducing hostility with russia , but russia would be have to stop at least this endless propaganda first and all these tricks with the eastern ukraine ( all these `` people 's republics '' ) . 
  nobody here wants war with russia - that 's why we have nato ( to be sure that russia does not attack ) . 
  i would even say that if russia would not annex crimea and did not start all these shady tricks , i think there would be no sanctions against russia whatsoever today . 
  but you did and you see the result . 
  i hope in the next election in russia someone with common sense will win ( i heard navalny busted some corrupt officials so perhaps he is a good one ) who will fight corruption and other negative aspects in russia , and you will see that nobody is really hostile to you if you are not doing stupid tings . 
  but you and other russians could at least protest , if you claim that it is just russian government that is bad . 
  but you do not . 
  majority russians approve annexation of crimea for whatever imaginary reason and then they get surprised why other countries around russia are starting to worry . 
  this was russia who started this , not anyone else . 
   get rid of us missile defense elements . 
  there is no us missile defense systems in estonia . 
  if you are talking about entire nato , then russia should get rid of all missile defense systems too . 
   move back troops that came to baltics recently . 
   russia should also move back troops from the border . 
  that 's getting interesting . 
  for how many kilometers do you think troops should be moved , both in nato and russia ? 
   it would be very good if you could give citizenship to everyone without exams , like lithuania did in 1991 . 
  then it would be very hard for russian propagandists to call you fascists . 
  sorry but lithuania is a fascist too according to the russian propaganda . 
  some people match the requirements ( i.e. 
  know the estonian language ) but they still do not apply for the estonian citizenship for unknown reasons . 
   ~ ~ i know it 's a joke but on r/europe you make us out to be invaders and pillagers and the minute we show respect and kindness we get treated with skepticism . ~ ~ you ca n't win if you 're russian invaders and pillagers ftfy . 
  please stop invading and pillaging neighboring countries and you will see how public opinion about russia will improve . 
  if you would vote or protest against russian government it would be a good start . 
   possible military alliance with china china literally lives off of the money from the companies like apple that have factories that manufacture their things in china . 
  how many russian factories china has ? 
  it would be an economic suicide for china to have bad relations with eu/us . 
   punish russia for reunification with crimea , for example . 
  or change regime to gay-friendly . 
  or prevent possible military alliance with china . 
  there can be many goals i can not even think of now . 
  okay , so , according to you , what should russia and the estonia/nato countries do to reduce the hostility ? 
  how can nato be sure that russia will not annex any more land and wo n't do any stupid tricks with `` little green men '' in cities like narva ? 
  please do not use the '' < country i do not like  is a puppet '' because i hope you agree it is just ridiculous argument . 
  why would nato do that ? 
  do you understand that estonia is a full member of nato ? 
  why are you spreading these conspiracy theories like this nato provocation , `` estonia is a us puppet '' , etc and at the same time you deny facts ? 
  do you think that after you annexed crimea nobody would batch an eye - you call it `` propaganda spreads fear of russia '' ? 
  you made some bs claims that estonia wants to annex parts of russia , i said you about the border agreement between estonia and russia , and then you said that it even does not matter . 
  you said that i say that estonia wants to attack russia while i clearly said that you would be attacked only if you attack first . 
  you are creating implausible conspiracy theories while absolutely ignoring facts . 
  well , even if assume that your conspiracy theories are true , why would someone need to attack russia ? 
  what would be the goal of this attack ? 
  what benefits would it again to the attacker ( aka the puppet master in your propaganda terminology ) ? 
  do you have a newer propaganda script ? 
  this one got too old . 
  how ? 
  i guess the answer is because we are puppets ? 
  also in case you did not notice , estonia is a member of nato , so sentences like `` nato can do ... < to estonia '' make no sense . 
   jesus , you threaten me right now !, 
  and how dare you to say that nobody is going to attack russia , when you just said that nato and eu will destroy us . 
  ca n't you read that i said  but if russia get so mad and it sends its `` little green men '' to do this trick , then nato article 5 and eu article 42.7 will be invoked before that ? 
  nobody is going to attack your shithole if you do not attack first . 
   parliament ratifies such agreements in russia , not government . 
  if russia violates treaties , why do you even bother with it ?
