  how are russian kids supposed to integrate if they are going to their own ghetto schools ? 
   representative of russians in estonia i was unfortunate enough to talk with some of them recently and they all support her because `` she wants to give citizenship to the non-citizens '' . 
   she 's a pro-putin bitch [ she was a russian citizen until she was granted estonian citizenship by savisaar 's initiative for `` great contribution to estonia '' . 
  literally . 
  she clearly sees herself as a savisaar successor . 
   yana toom no way , she is too busy spending time in russia and giving interviews to russian propaganda outlets like sputnik . 
  it is just a bit too much a coincidence that he can speak russian , given his pro-russian views . 
  it is a too strong claim that trump `` is siding with russia '' . 
  us is still a nato member and article 5 is still going to work if needed . 
  moreover , there was recently a us troops exercise in estonia in just 300 meters from russian border . 
   us ( trump ) are all way too friendly with russia . 
  trump surely has flaws/issues , but us president was obama when russia attacked ukraine and started doing shit , not vice versa . 
  i do not understand how this `` obama was strong on russia '' claim even exists . 
  ** edit ** : to downvoters : i am waiting you to tell me how obama was strong on russia and how he was not president when russia attacked ukraine . 
  i ca n't tell anymore if it is a shitpost or reality just by reading the title . 
  also , is not zeman speaking russian with putin in this video ? 
  totally not pro-russian . 
  do you mean they are just russian bots ? 
  lol . 
   most of them seem to fail even at that not that i am arguing , but do you have any example ? 
  do their posts contain something like `` trump meets his tovarsschsi '' ? 
   you see the contradiction ? 
  i meant it is incorrect to say that there is no big police presence , everything is okay , schengen agreement works as usual , and terrorist attacks never happen . 
  until recently almost every mainstream eu politician was advocating for turkey eu accession , however it was obvious for anyone who could read news about turkey that it will never happen . 
  i still remember huge `` refugees welcome , come everyone we can take even more '' demonstrations , somehow they are gone after bataclan . 
   maybe because i have never been to france or the uk i never been to france or uk too . 
  however , i have been to berlin in 2016 summer and there was big police presence . 
  when i was on slovakia -  poland border my id was checked , which is kinda not what schengen is about . 
  things got really worse . 
   brexit what is eu response to brexit ? 
  try to fix the issue that caused it ( e.g. 
  poor refugee handling ) ? 
  nah , better lets invite all balkan countries just to make sure that more countries will exit . 
  even on / r/europe , this post is already deleted . 
  it is incorrect to just ignore issues . 
  i did not move to britain you silly, 
  so funny . 
  did i see a brown person , when it happened ? 
  this morning in a grocery store . 
  i wo n't feed your trolling anymore . 
   while we have americans come over here to berate us on how we deal with the refugee crisis caused in large part by your failed policies ? 
  that 's pretty damn thick . 
  the guy up in the thread that you were talking to has a reasonable opinion . 
  it makes no sense to ignore eu issues . 
  well , i would even say that if not that poor handling of the refugee crisis , i think brexit would have never happened . 
   cause fuck privacy right ? 
  if you would know more about `` cookie law '' , you would know that it does zero for privacy . 
  many even government websites ignore it . 
  so yes , while there is that `` care for privacy '' by people the in brussels who only seen a computer in a tv ads , eu will be lagging behind us in terms of innovation . 
   your country  you 're  your failed state . 
   developing can you care for the beginning to look to the upper messages in the thread or at least at my flair ? 
  i am not american . 
  you seem to be quite arrogant , should i make a joke about the portuguese entry in eurovision and his seizures ? 
  and about his insulting victory speech ? 
  on a more serious note , while eu continues to turn blind eye on the issues , and have bs laws like `` cookie law '' , i doubt there will be at least 10 % of `` european alternatives '', 
   shithole yeah , so shithole that you are using reddit which is american to bash u.s. also , chances are that you are using either microsoft/apple/google / android products , which are american too by the way . 
  if you are coherent in your views , perhaps you should stop using them . 
   does n't feel like r/europe . 
  yes , it feels like europe irl . 
  you ca n't just ignore issues and then be surprised why brexit happens and why le pen gets that much votes . 
   people just trying to have a better shot at life after being born in the middle of fucking no-where you know , there is such thing as legal immigration . 
  i know many legal immigrants who went through huge papework and are paying more taxes than an average local . 
  who should the illegals be given a preference ? 
  just because they did not care to even try to follow the law ? 
  i think they did not offer . 
  even if they would , i think it should have been immediately like after israel , not tomorrow or an hour later . 
  nevertheless , it should not have a mic issue in first place . 
   latest christianity-driven terrorist attack was breivik i guess so , you see , latest christianity-driven happened 6 years ago . 
  latest islam-driven terrorist attack , i.e. 
  the truck attack in sweden , orlando gay club , attack in nice , ny trashcan bombings , berlin truck attack , etc ? 
  this or last year . 
  yes , christianity had issues and it overcomed it . 
  lets see if will islam overcome them . 
  i hope your children stay away from internet , who knows what they could see there . 
  thankfully , some countries has solved this moral issue and simply banned internet . 
   i mean if erdo\u011fan thinks he can do better , i 'd see no problem . 
  even if he could `` do better '' than wikipedia , he should not have it banned in first place . 
   there were children in the audience like they had no idea that ass exists . 
  such a revelation for them . 
  still better than all entries, 
  it looks like that he was tackled a bit too hard . 
  he could not run anywhere anyway so why be so excessive ? 
   grannies and children watching this like they did not know that ass exists . 
  fuck that law if it really exists in ukraine . 
  when estonia performed , in the first few seconds [ microphone did not work ] ( https://eurovoix.com/2017/05/12/estonia-delegation-considered-appealing-perform/ ) . 
  i think there could be a higher level of preparation for such event . 
  basically not working microphone is an epic fail for a song contest . 
  did such thing happen ever before ? 
  when estonia performed , in the first few seconds [ microphone did not work ] ( https://eurovoix.com/2017/05/12/estonia-delegation-considered-appealing-perform/ ) . 
  i think there could be a higher level of preparation for such event . 
  saddening that even seemingly informed russian population supports the putin 's middle ages . 
  since wikipedia uses https it means that it is impossible to ban specific pages of wikipedia so only entire wikipedia ban is possible . 
  in your opinion , could the russian government ban entire wikipedia ? 
  do many people in russia use it or would it go unnoticed ? 
   free karma sign me up, 
  they had their own contest with north korea ^ / s, 
  why does not russian-language wikipedia continue this protest ? 
   not to mention that you are sure to get jailed in many nations in europe too if you do n't get a permit for a protest . 
  which countries ? 
  i am not aware of any eu country that would really send you to jail if you just protest `` without a permit '' .
