  you are saying it on american reddit using either american apple/google/microsoft os . 
  really dumb ( you ) . 
   frankly it would be great for europe if the us split up . 
  yes , especially it will be better for russia . 
  delusional . 
  but it were you who said `` the fact that russia exists affects your everyday life greatly '' , not / u/misspandasloth . 
   of course the fact that russia exists affects your everyday life greatly . 
  how exactly ? 
  for example today , how did it affect my life ? 
  i think it does not , so maybe that 's why you were getting `` hatred just for being russian '' - because you just claimed some nonsense and not because of your nationality ? 
  so many people did you see that are `` still blaming russians for absolutely everything '' as you said ? 
   more than 25 years of independence and still blaming russians for absolutely everything that happens in their countries . 
  do you know it because you live there or ... ? 
   this sub is the r/politics version of european discussion when it comes to russia . 
  do n't worry , it 's not representative of the average population at all and i often get into discussions about these things with people irl in w-europe . 
  reddit is actually not that popular here . 
  are you sure that you are really talking about europe , not about russia ? 
  as far i can remember , only very tiny percent of russian population uses reddit ( like 0.01 % ) , while there is a significantly larger share in the european countries - there was a research about that somewhere . 
  but even without the research - / r/russia has 24k subscribers while russia population is 144m . 
  / r/eesti has 13k subscribers while estonia population is just 1.3 m. 
  also , / r/france has 145k subscribers while its population 66m . 
  so , are you really talking about europe , not about russia ? 
  it is not exclusive , but you know , that `` n has nothing to do with x '' became a cliche, 
  i hope they all will be id 'd and end up in a federal prison with a life sentence . 
  including erdogan, 
  as usual , everything  has ~ ~ little ~ ~ nothing to do with islam, 
   how on earth is turkey still in nato only because of the bosphorus . 
  erdogan is creating his own mini-army in all western countries . 
  are our politicians going to do something about it ? 
   ~ ~ some ~ ~ 99.9 % of soviet-minded russians act like we would live in the stone age if they had n't built factories and kindergartens here . 
  ftfy, 
  so how do you suggest to do big data researches then ? 
   it does n't matter , right ? 
  it does matter and that 's why the data should be anonymized . 
  i understand the privacy concerns but there are also huge scientific benefits that could result from that . 
  i think there is a way to do the anonymization the right way ( e.g. 
  instead of `` age '' make it `` age group '' , i.e. 
  `` 18-25 '' instead of `` 23 '' , etc ) . 
  why would anyone invest money & resources into doing this kind of thing ? 
  ok , assume i deanonymized 1 person . 
  what i am going to do with it ? 
  but even then , we could remove the address completely , so we would not even know the city . 
  so , how could you deanonymize anyone even if you do not know at least any address ? 
   put together height , weight , sex and age with data you could get from facebook what data you could get from facebook ? 
  endless reposts of memes and kittens ? 
  but even in this case , assume that my address is anonimized to just some city/area with 1 million population . 
  i am sure there are a lot of people that are extremely similar . 
  with enough/proper anonymizations , its just not going to work . 
  if the data is anonymized ( means no names or any other information that could identify a person ) , then what is the problem ? 
  how could information like `` blood pressure 120/70 , height 1.8 m , obesity '' without any identifiable info hurt someone 's privacy ? 
   any big abuse scandals / hacks yet ? 
  there were ddos attacks by russia but everything gets ddosed by russia nowadays . 
   sounds like a privacy nightmare it is not . 
  its not like government controls emails , browser history , etc. 
  its just instead of going to , e.g. , tax office , you communicate with them and sign agreements via internet . 
  could you stop your russian propaganda ? 
   by that logic the nazis were great for germans and not so great for others . 
  you should ask a german what he thinks about your theory . 
  i explicitly said  i agree that they are both evil you are just putting words to my mouth  no , you are claiming that both are equally evil . 
  which is flat out wrong and unhistorical . 
  okay , so what would be right in your opinion ? 
  meet soviet invaders with open arms and voluntarily give up them all our possessions and voluntarily go to the train station to be deported to siberia ? 
  yes , that 's what you suggest by saying that ussr was `` better '' ? 
  he is a russian bot and he admitted it in an other post, 
  probably before shooting down a turkish aircraft , some non-violent measures could work , like shutting down swift for turkey for like 1-3 days ? 
   well let 's look at the percentages then . 
  nazis and locals in lithuania killed 95 % of jewish . 
  what percentage of people did the soviets kill ? 
  i do not know about lithuania , i am talking only about estonia . 
   but that does not mean that the soviet union was equal to nazi germany . 
  soviet union repressed my family , nazi germany did not . 
  sorry , but personally for my family soviet union was worse . 
  i agree that they are both evil but claim that `` soviet union liberated estonia '' is just ridiculous , no matter what some random guys ( articles and video you linked ) with coincidentally similar texts to russian propaganda say . 
  the article starts with `` the baltic ultranationalists rewriting east european history as an equal nazi-soviet ` double genocide ' must be stopped '' . 
  somehow it feels like reading some russian propaganda . 
  sorry , but once again - soviet union was an enemy of estonia , it attacked estonia first , and because some random guy called `` dovid katz '' has other opinion , it does not make him right . 
   yeah sorry historical and societal arguments can not be made in 5 min videos . 
  : / you sent me some low quality video with unknown people talking in an empty room , how does it prove anything ? 
  i could also talk in an empty room , record it and upload to youtue and use it as proof , right ? 
   you are the one that claims the soviets were annihilating just as much as the nazis . 
  well 95 % of jewish in lithuania were killed . 
  that 's a very effective killing machine . 
  did the soviets achieve the same percentage of success ? 
  why ca n't we just say that both nazis and soviets are evil ? 
  why do we have to love soviets because they killed less people in some other country ? 
  go away russian bot, 
   the ussr was the lesser evil sorry , we should not be have to choose between evils . 
  ussr invaded the baltic states first , started deportations , after it reconquered the baltic states , it resumed the deportations . 
  you sent me some plan that could happen , while i am talking about what really happened . 
  where i am denying holocaust ? 
  you sent just some random guy video and i am supposed to watch it for ** 1 hour and 24 minutes ** ( the length of the video ) ? 
   i hate commies so much . 
  and that 's why you defend soviet union and their supporters in every thread ? 
  russian bots still pushing their propaganda and they are especially butthurt about estonia , nothing new in 17 may 2017 . 
  and then they went to annihilate people from the other land , you know , that land that they `` righteously '' annexed . 
  again this `` russians have nothing to do with russia '' and `` russians have nothing to do with soviet union '' apologist propaganda . 
  yes , they are not equal , just like 80 % of them . 
   except poland nice joke, 
  so if the title might offend some soviet liberators , should we censor it ? 
  yes , it tried like annexed eastern europe , still does not recognize that it was annexation but claims that it was rather `` liberation '' .
