  because border has to be ratified by two sides , obviously . 
  and your parliament did not care to ratify that . 
   what if your local citizenshipless population will create people 's republic of narva ? 
  technically it wo n't be dirty ( why dirty btw ? ), 
  russian forces . 
  only 30 % of narva are undefined citizens , and even they know that russia sucks . 
  they can see ivangorod over the bridge and they know how small money russians make in narva . 
  yes , i remember that according you there is higher quality of life in estonia than in russia because estonia is a puppet . 
  no need to repeat this line from your script . 
  but if russia get so mad and it sends its `` little green men '' to do this trick , then nato article 5 and eu article 42.7 will be invoked and you can count how many hours it will take for russia to capitulate against the whole nato&eu . 
   your words sound like we ever did . 
  it did in 1939 . 
  probably you remember metsavennad ? 
  they would never exist if russia would not annex . 
  it makes no sense to argue with ghaleon1 , look at his/her post history - he/she is dedicated to promoting russian propaganda . 
  no person can be that stupid , he/she is just like any russian troll - repeats the same script about fascists/junta/puppets / etc. 
  you ask about corruption in russia , they tell you about baltic puppets . 
  they all are the same . 
  even this video with the priest probably was filmed specially for the russian propaganda trolls . 
   it means in case of possible nato attack estonia has aforethought to return lost territories , situation is even worse for us that i first thought . 
  i said that nobody is going to `` return '' these territories . 
  only russians still live in the imperialist world where you `` return territories '' . 
  estonia ratified agreement to forgive these lands to russia , just somehow russian government is not ratifying it ? 
  i guess because it wants to grab whole estonia ? 
  do you at least know that officially the border between estonia and russia called `` temporary '' just because russia does not want to ratify the border agreement , while estonia already ratified that ? 
  nobody is going to attack russia . 
  russia is a failing laughing stock of the world , if its government continues its destructive policy i guess even north koreans will live better than russians . 
  attacking russia simple is not making sense  you can call us whatever you like , just do not `` persuade ''  i can not promise you that , i 'm not the one who is in charge in russia . 
  whatever . 
  if your dirty russian forces are at least one inch in estonia , your russia is doomed . 
  ukraine is not in nato and your dirty trick with crimea worked , estonia planned for the future and joined nato . 
  you will never annex estonia again . 
  surely , nobody does . 
  especially those russians that went through the eu visa application process . 
  i guess they may start asking inconvenient questions to the russian government about why russians are still nowhere close to the visa free travel ? 
   also i wonder why do you need ivangorod full of vatnics ? 
  what is vatnic ? 
  since you are a fan of `` claiming things that are ours '' , i think you have heard about `` tartu peace agreement '' that says something about estonian border . 
  i am not saying that estonia should `` return '' ivangorod because it would be insane ( at least because it is heavily decimated by russian occupation ) , but according to your logic it would be absolutely okay . 
   yes , i called you puppets , but it does n't mean that you should be attacked . 
  i think that if your puppeteer will give you command , you will attack us , even if now you are really not going to do it . 
  you can call us whatever you like , just do not `` persuade '' ( i.e. 
  attack , because this `` persuasion '' happened after soviet troops invaded estonia ) again , ok ? 
   puppeteer who is that great puppeteer ? 
   now please give me proofs that russia wants to attack baltics ? 
  your messages prove that . 
  you call us puppets , say that ussr rightfully annexed us , etc. 
  your response to any my argument about why life in baltics is better than in russia - `` you are better because you are puppets '' . 
  its impossible to have a talk with you when you have just one response . 
   `` aggression '' against poland was simply returning what was our . 
  how about you return kaliningrad , karelia , ivangorod and other things , how would you like it when your logic is applied to you ? 
  once again , if russia will ever think again that any nato or eu country is `` belonging to russia '' and try to `` persuade it to join russia '' , i guess you imagine what would happen . 
  this visa free thing allows only up to 90 days per 180 days travel ( i.e. 
  you can be max 180 days per year in the schengen zone , but no more than 90 days within past 180 days ) . 
  russian opposition that is being oppressed by the russian government already can claim asylum in any eu country , they would just need to prove that their human rights are in danger in russia . 
  you are completely okay with the annexation of baltics and aggression against finland , poland , etc. 
  and you are asking me for proofs that russia wants to attack baltics ? 
  you proved it with your own messages . 
  can you write at least one message without this propaganda bullshit ? 
   i already accepted that ussr failed very hard in 1991 . 
  your ussr is the worst thing that ever existed  i would name it `` ussr persuaded baltic countries to join '' you better to not try to `` persuade '' it again . 
  congratulations ukraine !, 
  despite all russian attempts to break this process , you did it . 
  whatever , only russians believe this brainless propaganda . 
  anything that has higher quality of life level than in russia is a puppet . 
  anything you do not like is a puppet . 
  why ca n't you just accept that communism and ussr failed so hard that there is no sense whatsoever to justify it and throw out this `` baltic/poland/anyone is a puppet '' ? 
   in all cases when russia attacked , it was forced to do so by the west why it annexed baltics and tried to annex finland then ? 
  can you write at least one message without this propaganda bullshit ? 
  keep repeating your propaganda . 
  everyone is guilty but not russia in your opinion . 
  russia invaded everyone million times in the previous century , invaded crimea and georgia very recently and you blame everything on eu and us government . 
  everyone wants to invade but russia , but it is only russia who actually invades . 
  you have an excuse for every invasion . 
  baltic countries are puppets , but north korea is fine - do n't you laugh yourself when you write this ? 
  how pathetic . 
   they have friendly neighbors like sweden and russia  russia you are just ridiculous . 
  russia is so friendly , it already annexed karelia - a part of finland . 
  also probably russian propaganda did not tell it to you , but finland is against annexation of crimea and there are finnish sanctions in place against russia . 
  so i guess finland is a puppet too , according your classification . 
  also if you did not notice , geographical distance between estonia and finland is like 50km . 
  also i would like to draw your attention to the 42.7 article of the lisbon treaty ( eu ) . 
   if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
   feed a million puppets how exactly i am a puppet ? 
  can you just at least think that maybe russia is failing so hard and a laughing stock because its government is just braindead ? 
  what can you say about finland ? 
  ussr tried to annex it too in 1930-s but failed - only managed to get karelia . 
  is finland a puppet today too and why it is even more ahead of the miserable russian indexes , rankings ? 
   why latvia and lithuania poorer than estonia ? 
  but they both are a lot richer than russia . 
   horrible state of saudi arabia is your ally , why do n't you bring freedom and democracy there ? 
  i agree that saudi arabia is a horrible state and that it should get freedom and democracy , maybe some sanctions against them would be a good start . 
   why all russians call us puppets  because you are . 
  so why is your economy ( per capita ) , quality of life , corruption index , ease of doing business ranking , are lagging so hard compared to the puppets ? 
  also please do not get surprised why people dislike russia - probably because everyone is a puppet in russian opinion ? 
   eu feeds you for being their puppet , that 's why you have high quality of life . 
  do you believe it yourself ? 
  why all russians call us puppets , or are all russian accounts on reddit actually managed just by one person ? 
  or probably because you are so brainwashed so you always quote your propaganda .
