  because any eu country can veto the eu accession . 
  assume you sued , say , germany for that - germany will look at that and say - nah , i will remember you and veto you for that . 
  literally any eu country can veto the serbian eu application , do you know a few countries that are likely to do that ? 
  i do know . 
   and the answer to are we pro cuban too ? 
  because we have che guevara themed cafes !, 
  if you also have as much people who support cuban policies as you have people who support russian policies , then yes . 
   finland - winter war  estonia - ussr . 
  is it correct to say that serbia is croatophobic and turkophobic because some wars happened before ? 
    why serbian government did not prevent it ? 
   what did the yugoslav government have to do with rs ? 
  sorry , i meant yugoslav government , not serbian . 
  also i am still waiting explanation why  exactly , most of those countries are russophobic , but i was refering to serbia itself , you can buy any major world leader mini statuettes and toys , from merkel to putin . 
  these countries are russophobic ? 
    no , we do not . 
  we have only souvenirs with local attractions . 
  i am primarily talking about estonia , but i did not see them in finland or sweden either . 
  do n't forget about the putin graffitis by the way . 
   exactly , most of those countries are russophobic . 
  please lookup meaning of word russophobia before making such bold statements . 
  how exactly are they russophobic ? 
   a couple of cafes in kraljevo represents the whole serbian population ? 
  til . 
  it is the only cafe that i remember the exact address . 
  i saw it in belgrade too . 
    it stopped it as much as it could . 
  there also were russian troops in kosovo , btw . 
   oh yeah , it stopped the yugoslav government from fighting terrorism , to allow terrorists to slaughter serbs , terrific outcome . 
  i see you missed the russian troops part in my comment . 
  and the srebrenica massacre , why serbian government did not prevent it ? 
  best of luck to you , really . 
   losing my russian citizenship ultimately would mean nothing if it meant i could pursue legitimate change for russian people . 
  sure ... even if assume that you return to russia , as a uk ambassador , you want to be a foreigner who is immune from all laws . 
  how are you going to make the `` legitimate change '' by the way ? 
  russia could expel you back to uk at any moment . 
  looks like that your father is a wise man and is not ill of this disease called `` russia-is-my-home '' . 
  it seems that he actually wants best for you , to not end up in gulag for example . 
    many cafes with putin portraits . 
  as souvenirs in places like vrnja\u010dka banja mini-putins are being sold . 
  ( once again , i saw it personally in vrnja\u010dka banja and it was not just one store ) . 
   you have mini-obamas , trumps , che guevaras , titos , whats your point ? 
  no , we do not . 
  we have only souvenirs with local attractions . 
  i am primarily talking about estonia , but i did not see them in finland or sweden either . 
  do n't forget about the putin graffitis by the way . 
    many cafes with putin portraits . 
   source them then . 
  [ here is a google maps link to the exact cafe where i saw that ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/@43.7233537,20.6923705,3a,52.2y,22.8h,91.4t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smzmyrevevqtt3a8bsnpxmg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  the google photo is from 2014 , in 2016 it looked much better and there was big putin portrait on the wall . 
  to make sure , this is not the only cafe , it is just an example . 
    yes , crimes did not stop there . 
   okay so nato did n't stop shit , good to know mate . 
  it stopped it as much as it could . 
  there also were russian troops in kosovo , btw . 
  sorry , but right now you are looking like a cuban who escaped on the boat from this `` workers paradise '' and now lives in florida . 
  they are also patriots of cuba but somehow they are not very keen to actually live there . 
  so , if russia is your home , probably it makes sense to live there as a russian citizen , not as a uk ambassador with british citizenship who is immune from prosecution ? 
  you ca n't be a uk ambassador who is immune from prosecution in russia * ( you would have to give up your home aka russian citizenship for that ) * and at the same call russia your home . 
    i was in serbia and the fact that people are extremely pro-russian there is obvious . 
   okay , examples ? 
  many cafes with putin portraits . 
  as souvenirs in places like vrnja\u010dka banja mini-putins are being sold . 
  ( once again , i saw it personally in vrnja\u010dka banja and it was not just one store ) . 
    serbia was the first and only country where i saw a graffiti with putin 's face . 
   i saw one in sofia , also saw one in skopje , saw pictures of one in bucharest , i was surprised to see one in hungary too . 
  well i was in skopje too and i did not notice them . 
  i do not mean some russian flag or something - just literally portraits of putin on the street walls . 
   and then i link you the part where it says that your precious nato and kfor did n't stop war crimes ( at least the ones you do n't care about ) and you skipped over that . 
  yes , crimes did not stop there . 
  however , crimes like srebrenica massacre stopped . 
  so since russia is your home and now you are 18 years old , what prevents you from living in russia and fighting for the russian people whole year , not just 3 months ? 
  so 3 months a year . 
  just all your posts in this thread look like that you are living in russia whole year . 
  may i ask you if are you a russian citizen and do you have british citizenship ? 
   i am literally doing everything i have the capacity of to oppose the russian autocracy . 
  but you said it yourself that you live in uk in the other threads , did not you ? 
  you said `` lol '' to  solid excuse ( no ) . 
  so as i understand your argument that i am a russophobe failed . 
  and  i was in serbia and the fact that people are extremely pro-russian there is obvious . 
  and  serbia was the first and only country where i saw a graffiti with putin 's face . 
  can you try again , but with real arguments this time ? 
  also  they stopped ? 
  yes , mostly they stopped . 
  also , i never referred to you nationality , but you did :  this is news to me then !, 
  see , estonian , you have no clue what the fuck you are talking about , so please do us all balkanites a favor and stop talking about issues you arent invested in . 
  who is the real - phone now ? 
  `` lol '' is not an argument , sorry . 
  maybe you think that it is smart - but you just look stupid . 
  the goal of the nato campaign was to stop the war crimes . 
  the article omits it completely . 
  it reads like `` syria is to sue nato for attack on isis '' - some civilians are mistakenly dying in syria in the result of nato-countries bombing , but this is not a goal of the bombings . 
  the same with the nato campaign in yugoslavia . 
   because you know it will never happen therefore is n't a possibility . 
  solid excuse ( no ) . 
  so as i understand your argument that i am a russophobe failed . 
   because you link a few ngos in serbia suing nato to serbias eu bid , like the two are connected . 
  they are connected because it clearly does not help . 
  the article title reads like `` syria is to sue nato for attack on isis '' . 
  the point if nato intervention was to stop the war crimes that were happening , and you know what - they stopped after the intervention . 
   and then proceed to link serbs to russians , thats the dirty part .
