  how come that russia ca n't even reach the `` puppet 's '' level ? 
   it was n't genocide , it was police operation against criminals and separatists . 
  why are you denying genocide ? 
  here is just one example of genocide committed in yugoslavia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_genocide, 
  how do you explain that ex-ussr countries that abandoned communism ( for example estonia ) have much higher quality of life level than those that still claim that ussr did not nothing wrong and still attempting to revive it , like russia or belarus ? 
   what 's wrong with north korea , how do they threaten you ? 
  they threaten to nuke nato , attack on one nato country = attack on all nato countries , its called article 5 , that was invoked by the united states after 9/11 ( iraq did nothing wrong according to you , right ? 
  so it got what it deserved )  nato did in kosovo you are omitting here that yugoslavia did genocide in kosovo , because of that nato intervention was required in order to stop that . 
   nato attacked so many countries which were not going to attack anyone . 
  if russia is equal to iraq , libya and murdering yugoslavia in your opinion , then i am sorry , but the real russophobe / russia hater here is you . 
  everyone is not have to be funded by and linked to russia , but nowadays there are some politicians that are . 
   president milo\u0161 zeman and finance minister ( vicepremier and bilionare ) andrej babi\u0161 . 
  do you know if are they linked to / or funded by russia in any way ? 
   looking how brainwashed you are , i would expect to see you in the first rows of attacking armies . 
  at least i do not say that all 3rd world countries are russian puppets ( like you claim that all nato/eu countries are american puppets ) . 
  nobody will attack russia if it does not attack first . 
  according to your `` peaceful '' logic , how are you even okay with the annexation of crimea ? 
  you are so afraid that someone is going to attack russia and just to show how peaceful russia is , you attacked first ? 
  sorry , but you are either a troll on a kremlin paycheck or just a delusional . 
  you are telling about a peaceful ussr & russia in one message , while in an other message you are justifying crimea annexation and countries like north korea . 
  yes , but these invasions to iraq and libya did not happen yesterday - they all happened some years ago when 1993 and 1990 years were relevant . 
  also please note that iraq annexed kuwait before it got invaded by nato . 
   funny that now both libya and iraq do support terrorists , they are basically nests of al-qaeda and isis . 
  do you even realize that those interventions were mistakes , that they made world worse place ? 
  probably , but libya and iraq are not innocent . 
   so nato is telling to russia : `` behave good or we will punish you . 
  we will decide if you behaved good or wrong , not un . 
  '' , correct ? 
  it does not , because russia is still unpunished for its annexation of crimea and multiple provocations around the world . 
  if nato is so aggressive in your opinion , why e.g. 
  non-nato countries like austria and sweden are still not invaded by nato ? 
  probably because they are not doing terrorism and not annexing neighbors ( kuwait , crimea ) ? 
  yes , nato invades countries that behave bad because its the world police ... did i ever deny that ? 
  they key word `` countries that behave bad '' . 
  logic is that you need to behave good to not get invaded . 
   what terrorist attacks did iraq conduct ? 
  http://www.cfr.org/iraq/iraq-iraqi-ties-terrorism/p7702  what terrorist attacks did libya conduct ? 
  http://www.cfr.org/libya/state-sponsors-libya/p9363  why should i think that nato is n't going to attack to russia if we did the same in chechnya what yugoslavia did in kosovo ? 
  because it happened 20 years ago . 
  because yugoslavia did far worse things than russia did in chechnya . 
  did nato invade any country that 1 ) did not do terrorist attacks ( iraq , libya ) 2 ) did not do genocide ( yugoslavia ) 3 ) did not do any other stupid thing that i forgot to mention ? 
  nobody wants to invade russia . 
  your media is brainwashing you just to keep you enslaved by putin - he keeps telling you tales about your `` heroic past '' , while you do not have neither present nor future . 
  if russia would stop its aggressive policy aka * `` russia failed very hard two times in the past century : when it let russian empire and then soviet union to brake up '' * , nobody would hate russia then . 
  do you really believe is that if you would not annex crimea you would be already invaded by nato ? 
   you hate us since 1939 ? 
  or maybe since 1919 ? 
  does n't matter , being hated by you does n't take up too much of time . 
  you are hated by everyone . 
  except 3rd world countries that are literally your puppets . 
  the reason is that russia is hostile to everyone . 
  yes . . `` fair distribution '' , my ancestors personally experienced this `` fairness '' . 
  good luck living in gulag then , russia is heading back to the ussr , however this time its land area a lot smaller . 
   i accept that russia failed very hard two times in the past century : when it let russian empire and then soviet union to brake up . 
  this is the reason why people dislike russia . 
  you were asking me for proofs that russia wants to annex baltics and you are saying it yourself now that you would like to annex it again . 
  i am talking not about gdp , i am talking about an average person salary . 
  ok , i googled it for you and i can see [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/wages ) that an average salary in russia is 37640 rub ( 599 eur ) , at the same time , i can see [ there ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/estonia/wages ) that average salary in estonia is 1181 eur . 
  why is that if according to you estonia is fake ? 
  please respond without blaming america or washington . 
  also , why `` ease of doing business '' index is much worse in russia than in estonia http://www.doingbusiness.org/rankings . 
   estonia who would collapse if it was under any sort of embargo in case you did not notice , estonia is under russian embargo since 2015 . 
   russia is so stable yes , thats why its currency plummeted . 
  why estonians earn more than russians and north koreans combined ? 
   you allow the cia to build illegal torture bases all around your countries is there any proof ? 
  also , could you say if north korea is a real , sovereign state ? 
  what about cuba , belarus ? 
  also , why estonians that are american slaves , have a lot higher income than the free , sovereign russians ? 
   why does it matter ? 
  so how do you determine which country is a failed state and which is not ? 
  can you have a civil discussion without the russian propaganda bullshit like `` american servants '' ? 
   russia has a modern weapon industry and a modern space industry , estonia do n't have even a percentage of the creativity and talents russia have . 
  russia produces technologies that we export all around the world while your little toy army has to buy everything your weak army uses because you lack any industry of your own . 
  so the only valuable thing russia produces is the things to make war ? 
  so you are only good at destroying other countries ? 
  also , gdp per capita in estonia is much higher than in russia . 
  what do you say about this ? 
  not according to the op , who thinks that everyone dreams to enslave/colonize russia . 
  whatever , keep retranslating your russia today bullshit ( just like this fake priest in the video you posted ) . 
  i wonder what is going to happen when russia runs out of oil money ? 
  probably the same thing that happened in 1991 when your soviet union collapsed ? 
  btw i recommend you to google `` average salary in russia 2017 '' and `` average salary in estonia 2017 '' , and then think why in estonia it is higher by 3-4 times , what is the real failed state here ? 
   i guess i misread `` invest to eastern poland '' as `` invade to eastern poland '' . 
  this is what happens ~ ~ when english is not your native language ~ ~ when you are a soviet apologist . 
  ftfy, 
  do n't you contradict your previous messages ? 
  is russia unfixable then ? 
  who and why would want to destroy russia if it would cease all its hostile actions ? 
  so do you think that russia will ever be fixed if all this propaganda in russia continues and russia annexes more and more land ? 
  they would probably stop saying that if their propaganda media would stop . 
  it would probably be a good solution , but how you do not understand that while russia occupies crimea and the occupation of crimea is intertwined with the 9th may `` look we won against the fascist again '' , it will never happen ? 
  there is no any path to the future for russia while it continues its aggressive actions . 
   also , i do speak estonian ( another useless language ) far more useful than russian . 
   they do n't have hatred to ussr because life in a `` free '' russia is worse for them than life in oppressive soviet union . 
  so what would be the solution in your opinion to fix the russia ? 
  you mean because it ran out of the oil money ? 
  just like russia is doing today . 
   because post-soviet era is so harsh that for many people life in soviet union was more safe , fair and good + some amount of lies and disinformation about soviet times . 
  so , according to your response , they are truly celebrating communism on the 9th may because in their opinion , it worked well ? 
  i guess if the 9th may was only about the `` victory '' , it would have worked well without the ussr flags ?
