  and yes , the constant cyber-attacks from russia ( not only about election ) , etc. 
  could not have more respect from russia . 
  ungrateful europeans , soviet union liberated you and you post such russophobe videos !, 
  russia and putin the great leader will liberate you again !, 
  how what you said is even remotely related ? 
  well if it is his biggest trump card then he already lost - there is a thing called as `` deportations '' . 
  eesti agrees with you , \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1 bro . 
  you know , sometimes you wonder why do n't all these `` great countries '' just disappear ... 
  thank you for the suggestion , i assume you already enlisted to army ? 
   as far as i know eu doesnt protect member states from military agression - nato does no , eu has 42.7 article of the lisbon treaty . 
  it says : * if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
   just getting a lock-on on their aircraft could send a pretty clear message . 
  actually , since both greece and turkey are nato members , is not there some thing in place to prevent the `` friendly fire '' ? 
  i mean probably it is impossible to lock-on any other nato aircraft in first place * ( from an other nato aircraft ) * , let alone to shot it down ? 
   14 milion turks inside the city !, 
  you know , there are some solutions for that , like undefined citizenship :d ^ ^ / s  we want enosis with cyprus !!, 
  does cyprus want enosis or it is just greece ? 
  yes , we have article 42.7 of the lisbon treaty after all . 
   this would be the time greece finally gets constantinople as a spoil of war honest question , does greece really want constantinople back or it is just a meme ? 
  what you said is assuming that erdogan ( and according to the polls , the majority of the turkey population ) has at least some common sense , and i am really in doubt about that . 
   that 's a pretty big simplification of the situation in 1914 the assassination of franz ferdinand was the immediate cause . 
  yes , there were other factors too , but do n't we have them now too ? 
  there is anti-eu propaganda in turkey , turkey is turning into an authoritarian state , russia is posturing again , etc. 
  it could be not the same but very similar . 
   but not stupid . 
  ww1 began basically because some serbian terrorist thought it would be fun to shoot someone . 
  relatively insignificant thing , compared to shooting down the turkish aircraft . 
  how can we be sure that ww3 wo n't start the same way as ww1 did ? 
   believe me shooting down a single plane would only do one thing . 
  finally make the eu credible again . 
  but what if erdogan is that batshit crazy that he will start an all-out war for that ? 
  i already can see how he says to the turks `` see these fascist greeks attacked our peaceful kebab aircraft , start firing kebabs into greece ( and eu ? ), 
  immediately '' . 
  ok i got your point . 
  i would be happy if ukraine would become a decent country . 
  but i also would like to note that there were dozens of cases in history when small limitations of freedom eventually turned into bloody dictatorships . 
  yes i got it now , he just uses instead of the '' < '' the bold text . 
   you just banned them from voting  . 
  if i could ban our idiots from voting i would let them watch even child porn , lol . 
  anyone who is a child of anyone who was lived in estonia until 1939 , or , passed really easy language test can get the citizenship and vote as much as they want . 
  also , the non-citizens ca n't vote only in national elections - in local elections they can vote as much as they want . 
  so , non-citizens are only those who moved to estonia during the ussr occupation ( so they are kind of `` illegal immigrants '' ) - it does not depend on their ethnicity . 
  i am not sure about ukraine , but i think you could not do it it in ukraine because ukraine recognizes that it is a successor of the ukrainian ssr . 
  estonia does not recognize that it is a successor of any ussr republic so hence the illegal immigration thing . 
   to copy an institution you need some elected people who want to copy it  , elected by soviet people . 
  it 's up to you to decide how likely it is , i already mentioned that i 'm quite sceptical about this . 
  we do n't really have this culture of intollerance to a corruption , so all these attempts to copy an institution degrades into cargo cult . 
  so how are you going to fight the corruption and un-soviet the people ? 
  why are you sure that the ukrainian government wo n't ban tomorrow , for example , some ukrainian opposition website ? 
   you can fight corruption the issue there is that if you are fighting corruption then extremely slowly . 
  ukraine moved just to 131 from 142 in almost 3 years - it is an extremely bad result . 
  let 's face it , what 's stopping the real fighting with corruption ? 
  what is preventing ukraine from something extremely simple like just copying some 1st world country laws ? 
  copying some already establish institutions ( like police , justice system , etc ) ? 
  only lack of political will . 
   i do n't believe that stupid soviet people can elect somehow a great leader . 
  they will elect yet another soviet idiot . 
  so how are you going to re-educate stupid soviet people ? 
  estonia separated from soviet union 25 years ago and there are still enough `` stupid soviet people '' and even more , they are breeding . 
  nobody bans russians in estonia from watching their stupid russian propaganda - so do you think if we would ban the russian media they would suddenly become `` not soviet '' ? 
  no , they would instead riot like they did during the bronze night . 
  i would not be surprised if the russian media that ukraine banned is working right now on some chrome/ie extension that would automatically avoid this ban . 
  does it mean we are not at war with russia de facto ? 
  if you are de facto in war then why you still trade with russia ? 
   use laws this ban appears to be even not a law but rather some `` executive order '' , means it was not even debated . 
   it 's even kinda soft ban , i would banned it forever . 
  then it would ban ukraine from eu accession forever . 
   i voted for the one who critisized poroshenko for this kind of things did you vote for yarosh ? 
   link above ? 
  [ this is the link for 2016 . 
  it says your ranking is 131 now . ] ( http://www.transparency.org/news/feature/corruption_perceptions_index_2016 ) . 
  [ in 2014 ( before the maidan ) your ranking was 142 ] ( https://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results ) . 
  sorry , but there is almost no difference . 
  for a comparison , in 2014 russia was 136 and now it is 131 ( shares the same place with ukraine ) . 
  yes , this is your country and so on - you repeated it many times , but it is also you who is going to suffer from the arrogance about `` it is my country , you cant ' t tell us what to do '' , not me . 
  you want to live in a country that is corrupt as russia ? 
  no problem , it is your country and you have a freedom to suffer . 
   so are n't they second class citizens ( or not at all ? ) ? 
  well they are free to work anywhere they like ( just not top secret government organizations as i said ) , live anywhere they like , obviously they have freedom of speech and so on . 
  if they pass easy language test then they get citizenship . 
  it does not look like as a second class to me . 
  i think this thing about the `` second class citizens '' goes from e.g. 
  that they have their own russian-language schools , but , nobody ( except their parents ) is forcing russian kids to go there . 
  ironically , it is pro-russian politicians who support this kind of `` apartheid '' . 
  non citizens are also eligible for all social benefits like pension , etc. 
  also , some russians even do not want to get estonian citizenship because if they are non-citizens then they have visa free travel to russia . 
  so to sum up what i said : they are not second class citizens and if they want , they can really easily get that citizenship . 
   why should we stop all trade with russia ? 
  we should stop only those relations that are hurting us . 
  everything that is useful for us needs to be continued . 
  so , you just confirmed , that when your corrupt ( see my link above ) politicians benefit from russia then there is no war with russia . 
  okay . 
  this is called hypocrisy btw . 
   you somehow set certain assumptions about what we should do and then trying to accuse us that we are not doing this . 
  we do owe you nothing and we 're the only ones who decide how to wage this war . 
  it would be completely different story if you were allies , but you 're not , so since you 're not allies you do n't have vote there , lol . 
  yeah , because so far you are losing your war and your government limiting your freedom of speech . 
  also in case you did not notice , [ in just 2015 estonia gave more than 2m euro to ukraine ] ( http://uacrisis.org/38338-estonia ) . 
  also , [ estonia treated your wounder soldiers that your government did not find money to spend on ] ( http://news.err.ee/118070/wounded-ukrainian-soldiers-to-receive-treatment-in-estonia ) .
