  but , like i said again : * `` turkey never was a free democratic country , i just dont ' t get why some people view it as if turkey was a full democracy and erdogan just started ruining it . '' * . 
  you are commenting like everything was okay just until this referendum . 
  while in reality it was like this for hundreds of years . 
  like turks did not vote for the referendum . 
  like russians did not vote for putin . 
  oh , i know the drill - * russians have nothing to do with russia * and likewise , * turks have nothing to do with turkey * . 
  turkey never was a free democratic country , i just dont ' t get why some people view it as if turkey was a full democracy and erdogan just started ruining it . 
   your problem is with turks , not erdo\u011fan . 
  sure . 
  you are butthurt . 
  you just proved my comment * `` some people seem to think that turkey is european , but it is not european to get so butthurt about some simple , not offensive critic . 
  but yes i know , everything is offensive nowadays . 
  except that us is not a dictatorship , at least at this moment . 
   what the hell do you expect to be done ? 
  they could print at least some large anti-erdogan caricature but this empty page is laughable . 
  since akp voters seem to be not very advanced ( i.e. 
  stupid ) , why do you think that they will understand what does a blank page mean ? 
  they will probably say `` haha they ( s\u00f6zc\u00fc ) are so dumb they even did not have ink in their printer '' . 
  i am not making ridiculous comments in this chain , the person that i talked with is making ridiculous comments . 
  reading them you could get an idea that there is 50 % of freedom loving turks that are fighting erdogan tirelessly 24/7 . 
  did you notice his `` even eu '' remark ? 
  i also asked him 4 times about whether was turkey a democratic country before erdogan and all 4 times this was ignored . 
  i asked about protests about censorship and got a link to a 2013 year protest . 
  all my specific questions got dodged . 
  even russian bots often are more reasonable - at least they have provide more recent links . 
   it 's easy to call for `` something to be done '' in a distant country from your home but being a keyboard warrior is always easy . 
  i did not call for revolution or something , i just said that this blank newspaper is likely going to do nothing . 
  some people seem to think that turkey is european , but it is not european to get so butthurt about some simple , not offensive critic . 
  but yes i know , everything is offensive nowadays . 
   but about informing people about the restrictions on the freedom of press like if ban of wikipedia did not inform people enough . 
  surely some blank newspaper will do better . 
  because a lot of people get offended just because of the fact that someone exists with an other opinion . 
  they like to believe in their imaginary reality where turkey is a democratic country and erdogan is just some period of the dictatorship . 
  like if turkey was not a dictatorship almost its whole history . 
  if you buy a blank newspaper you support freedom of speech in turkey ... such a joke . 
  i meant turks on reddit . 
  they behave like [ turkey was a free country until some erdogan appeared recently , but things are definetely going to get impproved very soon ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6c98us/s%c3%b6zc%c3%bc_newspapers_issue_this_morning_after_the/dhsylqu/ ) . 
  talking with them feels like talking with russian bots , just with a different script . 
  there difference here is that amazon is in free democratic countries , while turkey is neither free or democratic . 
  and how a blank newspaper removes erdogan from power or eradicates the old mindset ? 
  it sends a powerful message you say ? 
  i do not think there is anything more powerful than ban of wikipedia . 
  or do people really think that erdogan will get scared because of this blank newspaper and resign tomorrow ? 
  i do not get why i got downvoted so hard , its really true that people nowadays get offended because of the mere fact someone has a different opinion . 
  so what makes people so naive to believe that erdogan is the root of the issue ? 
  if turkey never was a fully democratic country , probably the issue is in the turkey 's population mindset ? 
  was turkey a free democratic country before erdogan ? 
  sure , but according to the narrative us is a dictatorship , while turkey is a free democratic country just with a bit too strong erdogan . 
  us is so much dictatorial that half of the country and half of the newspapers very harshly criticize trump everyday and yet they all walk free . 
  i have no idea how people get so high to believe in this bullshit . 
  so were there any protests related to this newspaper raid ? 
  besides the london horses , there were also dozens of predictions like i said , for example green sahara , melted arctic by 1990 if i remember correctly , dried out oceans because of the global warming and many others . 
  somehow bangladesh did not go under water in dozens of thousands of years , just because there was some short trend it does not mean that we need to extrapolate it . 
  sorry but i disagree that my intelligence is so low . 
  what do you say about the london horse shit drowning ? 
  also very intelligent people ? 
  did you read you comment ? 
  i said `` instead of exposing the raid in their newspaper , they just print a blank newspaper . '', 
  it implies exactly this issue , not some previous . 
  okay , i will rephrase it : why instead of exposing the police raid in exactly this issue exactly today , they print a blank newspaper in exactly this issue exactly today ? 
  that 's great but it was in 2013 and the newspaper got raided yesterday . 
  do you have anything more recent ? 
   i suspect you to be retarded i am not surprised , i did not expect anything more polite from someone who ca n't learn from the past . 
  yes , all these floods happened . 
  is bangladesh under the water yet - no . 
  will it be -  99.9999 % chance that no . 
  did you open my link about the london drowning in horse shit ? 
  it also has analytics , proofs , claims , causes , forecasts , just like your link about bangladesh , etc but there is just one issue - it got proved wrong . 
  why are you so sure that the same wo n't happen with your claim about completely flooded bangladesh ? 
  you again , for the 4th time , missed the `` was turkey a democracy before the erdogan ? '', 
  question . 
  i guess the root of the issue is not erdogan but the turkish mindset ? 
   how do you expect them to expose anything that the government does if they just got raided as a warning ? 
  so why the 48.59 % of turks that are against erdogan do not protest it ? 
  you missed my `` was turkey a democracy before the erdogan ? '', 
  question 3 times . 
  i guess the answer is no . 
   are you sure you did n't miss this part ? 
   you `` expose '' the government , you get raided . 
  i think you missed my * `` exposing the raid '' * part in * `` particularly this issue '' * . 
   did you miss this part ? 
    police raid on s\u00f6zc\u00fc headquarters i did not . 
  and that 's why i am saying that instead of exposing the raid in their newspaper , they just print a blank newspaper . 
  was turkey a democracy before the erdogan ? 
   buying s\u00f6zc\u00fc newspapers as a form of support is n't nothing even this newspaper could spend resources on fighting the erdogan propaganda but instead it just prints blank newspapers . 
  extremely efficient protest . 
  so how come the freedom loving turks are doing almost nothing against it ? 
  also , was turkey a democracy before the erdogan ? 
   even the eu `` really makes you think '', 
   really makes you think constitutional referendum - 51.41 % for erdogan , 48.59 % against erdogan . 
  please continue thinking . 
  yes , but majority is for . 
  erdogan is creating an authoritarian government ( not that it was very democratic in first place ) and except some small protests and things like this blank newspaper i ca n't see what the other 50 % of turkey are doing against erdogan ? 
  if a lot and in especially in turkey , how come that erdogan has that large popular support ? 
  how many people buy things just to support freedom of speech , especially in turkey ? 
  thank you , i got your point - all previous forecasts like about sahara , oceans , [ london drowning in horse shit ] ( http://www.historic-uk.com/historyuk/historyofbritain/great-horse-manure-crisis-of-1894/ ) did not happen , ** but this one will definitely happen ** . 
  in interesting time we live - every day there are new forecasts about different cataclysms but coincidentally none of them actually happen . 
  but you could buy neither of them, 
  who would buy a blank newspaper ? 
  so when will the water come ?
