   i 'm having anxiety get some xanax, 
   because similarly to other countries , in russia , if you stage mass protests you have to notify authorities . 
  yeah , in other countries you have to notify - not beg them for `` a permit '' 100 years in advance . 
   and authorities issued more then 150 permissions . 
  you know , if you need more than 150 permissions for a protest then something is wrong . 
   highly technical and/or specialized fields are relatively easy to get visa for , e.g it/software , doctors , etc. 
  other 70-80 + % of workforce well ... probably the other 70-80 % of workforce should not immigrate . 
  we already got a plenty of them . 
  well , i know some people from ukraine who got the work visa ( some work in it and others in something like human rights organization ) so ... it is possible . 
  [ you are probably calling the wrong number ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=in5s4kboajk ), 
  they would need to match a lot requirements , [ here is a table of requirements ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union#table_of_chapters ) . 
  so , instead of being just a democracy you also need to have an efficient government that is willing to do the reforms . 
   following liberalism crap much ? 
  it is not liberalism what you are describing , liberalism is about the opposite . 
   i once colonized the americas as riga . 
  how do you deal with colonial nations liberty desire ? 
  i once played as castile , annexed portugal and aragon , almost whole northern africa , and , colonized about 30 % of south america , 70 % of mexico and 40 % of northern america , constantly defending them from natives uprisings , annexed native nations rebels , and guess what ? 
  their liberty desire is like 70 % . 
  nobody prevents them from immigration to europe . 
  there are already legal ways to immigrate like work visa , business visa , student visa , etc. 
  you know , you could not get any more chauvinist in your comment, 
   ( g ) dansk does ( g ) stand for great ? 
  important part : carriers may either limit data amount for roaming or exclude some plans from free roaming at all . 
  the article completely does not mention it . 
   i just checked , it 's indeed 99 $ a month for 1000mbit/s here . 
  which provider ? 
  starman can do only 500mbit/s and telia despite its 1000 mbit/s ads does not support it at any address that i checked . 
  yes i got a discount too , they literally called me and offered me this deal , because few days before tele2 also called me and also proposed the `` special deal '' so chronology was like this : ( initial , ~ 20 eur month for ~ 15gb ) i am using a normal telia plan -  tele2 calls me and offers ~ 10 gb/month for 10 eur and i agree ( and agree to transfer my phone number to them ) -  telia ( my original carrier ) finds it out a few days later and calls me to offer their deal ~ 8 eur for 15gb/month and i agree . 
  i am not complaining either - clearly my current plan is a lot better than it was before and i ca n't say that the practice itself is bad . 
  what i do not like is all these `` propaganda '' - like articles about the `` roam-like-at-home '' - they all completely missed the part that carrier may either limit gb 's amount for roaming or exclude it from some plans at all . 
  also , i remember i was in sweden few months ago , i used 165025 kb ( 165 mb , * it is an exact number , i just checked it in the invoice * ) and it costed just 9.672 eur . 
  so it gets to 0.058 eur per mb , it is far from `` rip-off '' imo . 
  so i think in the current way how it looks like this regulation benefits primarily those who are already paying like 50 eur/month so their carriers wo n't limit their roaming amount , because they are already ripping them off with their huge monthly fees . 
  i do not know about in us , but i remember i was in sweden few months ago ( i use estonian mobile carrier ) , i used 165025 kb ( 165 mb ) and it costed just 9.672 eur . 
  it is an exact number , i just checked it in the invoice . 
  so it gets to 0.058 eur per mb . 
  sadly there is a workaround for it too . 
  my plan is a `` special deal '' * ( normally would cost ~ 20 eur ) * like 8 eur for 15 gb a month does not have any amount for free roaming at all . 
  my carrier is telia . 
  tbh the roaming fees are far from `` hundreds of dollars for some few mb '' . 
  and even then , not all carrier plans will get this `` free roaming '' and even those who get may get it limited `` like 10 gb home , 1 gb when roaming '' . 
  my mobile plan is ~ 8 eur for ~ 15 gb month is not going to get any free roaming at all . 
  so tell me , to whom ? 
  unfortunately this eu regulation allows a workaround which allows a carrier to have a separated limit for roaming , say , 10 gb inside the home country and 1 gb while roaming . 
  many carriers in countries with low internet prices already signed up for this workaround . 
  so , not all citizens of european union got the advertised thing . 
  sorry , there is absolutely no reason to ratify the border agreement , while even countries like iran and us manage to ratify something . 
  the article says  `` when the treaty was in the state duma 's foreign affairs committee and the matter was discussed there , rhetoric was heard from tallinn which was absolutely not suited for the continuation of the process and which earned the resentment of our public , '' lavrov said at a press conference in moscow . 
  which rhetoric `` was heard from tallinn '' in 2005 , in 2006 , in 2007 ? 
  none . 
  everyone wanted to work , fix relationship with russia - except russia itself . 
  well it backfired now you see , russia is under sanctions and more to come . 
  yes , it explains that russia does not want to ratify it because of stupid excuses . 
  look - i already sent you links that estonia ratified the border agreement , russia does not want to ratify it and yet you are managing to spin it to the russian advance . 
  remarkable skill . 
  but nobody said that it will be longer than for 3 months or that they will have a right to work . 
  they get literally the same visa free travel that e.g. 
  serbians or montenegrins have . 
  so yes , it is a great accomplishment . 
   well are n't they eu members ? 
  are n't those policies of the eu ? 
  they are . 
  still it is not related to the matter that anyone can veto the serbia eu accession application . 
   oh so again , sourcing out of your ass ? 
  serbs have a respect for putin for not recognizing kosovo and blocking the srebrenica vote in un , thats it . 
  look i already sent you thousand proofs , including the exact address of cafe with the putin 's portrait . 
  it looks like that no matter what i send you , you are spinning it out of context . 
  and again , you took my words out of context , i said :  dunno , about 50 % of people with whom i talked with are fans of putin . 
  when i asked why they support him exactly they were not able to say any reason . 
  but you spinned it into that i say that every serbian knows exactly what is the putin policy . 
   if they are for justice and democracy , why would that create negative perception ? 
  i am not saying whether they are for justice and democracy or not , i am just saying that any eu country may veto any eu application at will . 
  again , what policies does the serbian government support ? 
  i did not say that serbian government supports the russian policies , i said many serbs support that . 
  likewise , it is likely that it is not the serbian government who paints putin on the walls or runs cafes with his portrait . 
    well probably because croatia or turkey is not doing military exercises near serbia border . 
  i know that you will say now that nato is also doing military exercises in estonia and i will say you on that , that they all are significantly smaller than the russian exercises . 
  there is a lot more personnel in the russian military exercises , a lot more . 
  so , probably that 's why the countries that you said are russophobic consider russia to be a threat ? 
  ( but nobody is afraid of it , just a threat )  riiight . 
  right . 
  glad you agree . 
  stop selectively taking my words out of context btw . 
   thats a really retarded logic lol , if serbia won that case ( unlikely ) and germany vetos them for that , that would be only damaging to germany . 
  again nato = / = eu . 
  it should not necessary won . 
  just the mere fact of the lawsuit will create negative perception of serbia in the eu countries that are also nato countries ( i.e. 
  most of them ) . 
  as i said , i know some countries who already are very likely to veto serbia 's eu application . 
    if you also have as much people who support cuban policies as you have people who support russian policies , then yes . 
   which russian policies do serbs support ? 
  dunno , about 50 % of people with whom i talked with were fans of putin . 
  when i asked why they support him exactly they were not able to say any reason . 
   our politicians are n't openly afraid of croats or turks , nor do they consider them a threat . 
  well probably because croatia or turkey is not doing military exercises near serbia border . 
  i know that you will say now that nato is also doing military exercises in estonia and i will say you on that , that they all are significantly smaller than the russian exercises . 
  there is a lot more personnel in the russian military exercises , a lot more . 
  so , probably that 's why the countries that you said are russophobic consider russia to be a threat ? 
  ( but nobody is afraid of it , just a threat ), 
   im still waiting for an explanation why serbian ngos suing nato has anything to do with the eu ?
