  ussr collapsed almost 26 years ago , or , to be exact - 9412 days ago . 
  i think most living people already noticed it . 
  and even more , many people were born after that event . 
   i do n't think there 's some mysterious evildoer in the kremlin pushing a button to turn on the corruption module . 
  i think it 's just a somewhat ( increasingly less so ) accepted culture or corruption , no ? 
  sure . 
  that 's why it does not matter whether who is the russian leader ( `` president '' as they call it today ) - putin , stalin , lenin , `` ivan the terrible '' - they all are the same . 
  the issue is in the russian culture and until it 's fixed russia will remain a shithole . 
  eesti can into fair share . 
  so how estonia could use this asset ( if assume that it was not expelled ) ? 
  you know , the diplomats are not supposed to hate the host country so much that they even go lurking around to city just to find something to push their soviet propaganda . 
  tell it to isis , a domestic middle eastern thing . 
  and to thousands other isis-like organizations that are too middle eastern . 
   all games cost the same , no matter the market . 
  wrong . 
  [ there are different prices among different markets ] ( http://www.pcgamer.com/the-weird-ecomomics-behind-steam-prices-around-the-world/ ), 
  it 's like saying `` us , a former british colony '', 
  yes , some democracy would not hurt there . 
  2 russian spies fewer, 
  everything that is foreign ( like freedom of speech ) to the middle east culture is raping the middle east . 
  ok i got you . 
  eu did nothing = absolutely not pro-russian . 
  trump bombed assad = pro-russian . 
  somehow there are more us tanks in estonia than other eu countries tanks . 
  if every country would be pro-russian as us is , then russia would have already not existed . 
   you mean the pretty little fireworks display on a cleared airfield , which he warned russia ( and therefore syria ) of in advance , the airfield which was operational a few hours later ? 
  what eu did about the syria gas attack in the meantime ? 
  expressed just another `` grave concern '' ? 
  if trump is pro-russian for bombing assad , then what is eu for doing nothing ? 
   only they will have more benefits who are `` they '' ? 
  christians do not bomb the metal event , while there is the opposite with the mohammed drawings . 
  [ also on the moderate muslims . 
  they seem to be very tiny minority among all muslims . 
  but it is definitely the place for those who hate drawings of the mohammed . 
  i would say it outweights everything . 
  if a person can not tolerate drawing of the mohammed then something is wrong with their mindset . 
  probably saudi arabia would be better for them than europe . 
   how many will want to immigrate to europe ? 
  all of them . 
  so , should we abandon any borders now ? 
  fyi we already have them and there is even some border guard . 
   `` oh , so we ca n't get thru the ordinary route , better try the estonian border now . '', 
  in order for them to go through estonian border they would need through the russian border first . 
  they also could swim from middle east to france through english channel , but is kind of 10000x times harder than the turkey -  greece route . 
   x-rays are n't fool proof . 
  you can work around that easily with lead insulation , like the vests you have to use when you are being x-rayed in hospital . 
  terrorists are not that smart . 
  they also could invent teleportation and teleport entire isis into europe or make space ships and invade europe from space but we both know that this is not going to happen . 
  if they think they go to heaven if they bomb civilians i guess their are not very advanced . 
  we should not monitor literally `` every plausible way to get into europe '' . 
  no illegals are sneaking through woods of estonia - majority of them are going through the mediterranean sea , through turkey -  greece/bulgaria border . 
  if we would control just these places more tightly we would prevent a huge amount of them . 
  legit refugees could go to the border control point and then await their decision at some refugees camp . 
   lorry that slipped thru the customs with people hidden in some tiny cavity all customs that i ever saw had a special x-ray for cars/lorries . 
  [ i found some video on youtube and it seems to be quite fast - i think every lorry could be x-rayed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4hprcblub4 ) . 
  yes . 
  did anybody deny it ? 
  such a nice extrapolation . 
  like border fences and security cameras are impossible to implement . 
   b : very dubious to our own rights border surveillance is dubious to our rights ? 
  if you ever were on a border control or in an airport you would know that it literally flooded with cameras and all kinds of security . 
  how would it be different from a normal border ? 
   a : expensive more expensive than a human life ? 
  than 22 human lives ? 
   you ca n't stop people from entering . 
  i think in the 21st century with satellites and drones/quadcopters it 's going to be not the most complex task that have . 
  we have the technology for tracking boats in the sea already for decades . 
  it 's just lack of the political will . 
  like it did in sweden ? 
   the thing is , what can you do ? 
  for the beginning we could stop importing thousands of them . 
  i do not eat fast food , live in an area with clear air , etc. 
  statistics can say anything , but fast food or air pollution is not going to affect me . 
  statistics said trump ca n't win , but you see he did . 
   and he should be criticized harshly , because playing fast and loose with the facts when talking about terror is something we should clearly avoid , especially someone in his position . 
  i agree . 
  my point is this :  if anybody claimed that terrorism can not happen in sweden that was obviously foolish , terrorism can happen anywhere . 
  everyone you disagree with is a racist or a bigot . 
  flawless logic . 
   making them up before they happen is something you should avoid . 
  this is true . 
  however , trump 's remark were criticized so harshly , i remember some swedish politician or some swedish newspaper said something like `` are you high ? 
  it ca n't happen in sweden . '', 
  there was a truck attack by an islamist in stockholm , 5 people died . 
  it happened shortly after everyone laughed about trump 's remarks about sweden and terrorist attacks . 
  terrorist attacks ca n't happen in sweden , they said ... 
  if it would be just an explanation there would be no quotes around `` defending '' , to begin with . 
   these `` defending '' countries you say `` defending '' with quotes . 
  even if your `` countless of innocent '' ( innocent like isis ) narrative is true , is it okay to make terrorist attacks because of that ? 
  you just justified that . 
  except that * fast food chains , cattle farms , trucks/cars , air pollution , fossil fuels * wo n't kill you suddenly while you are not doing anything . 
  i may not go to the fast food and be not affected by it , but if there is a terrorist attack nearby me then it directly affects me and the nearby people who may not use cars , eat only healthy food , etc. 
  finally some common sense, 
  they have already declared the west as their enemy long time ago, 
  in the [ corruption index ( 29 vs 79 ) ] ( https://www.transparency.org/news/feature/corruption_perceptions_index_2016 ) and the [ press freedom index ( 53 vs 103 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index ) , poland is much better than the brazil . 
  could it be that the `` democracy index '' you cited just flawed , given that the other 2 indexes that i cited agree that the poland is in the better shape than the brazil ? 
   on the democracy index it 's a solid # 39 ahead of , among others , greece , poland or hungary . 
  this democracy index says that brazil is ahead of poland ( 51 vs 52 ) . 
  is it accurate in your opinion ? 
  these are not either fair or democratic .
