  why the fuck anybody would want to live in australia ? 
  . . people really do n't want to buy it . 
  edit : most of the people do n't . 
  just compare the sales to other pleb machines !, 
  well i do n't . 
  i never liked nintendo titles , and since they do n't make many new ips anymore . . not interested . 
  seconded . 
  it 's currently the best ww2 shooter out there . 
  if you like games being realistic where a single bullet could kill you , then i recommend trying this one out . 
  i seconded . 
  the recent optimization patch was so successful thanks to the test server . 
  also , lots of dumb stuff were removed from the pts before they were implemented to the full game , thanks to community feedback . 
  remember those facility shield thingies on major facilities . . ? 
  there is . 
  it 's called red orchestra 2 . 
  also , the expansion pack for it , rising storm . 
  it only lacks proper vehicle gameplay , aircraft and destruction , but otherwise it is exactly what you are looking for . 
  yeah , the game is really awesome . 
  64 player battles with different classes , squads , commander , artillery strikes , tanks . . 
  i highly recommend trying it out if you ever decide to buy a pc, 
  also , this game is purely focused on mp . 
  they tried to do some sorta of sp campaign , but it is just mp bots on historical order . 
  it sucks donkey balls . 
  disagreed . 
  i still prefer pepsi even though i have drunk a lot of coca cola . 
  both of them are great but i still like pepsi more . 
  i do n't want to start a petty flame war which drink is better : that is for peasants . 
  what are you mumbling about ? 
  the human taste ca n't even tell the difference between these two recipes !, 
  sure , there 's a tiny difference but coca cola costs liek 10 bucks per bottle . 
  with coca cola you need to sit on your chair and drink carefully your drink from the glass while with pepsi you can just sit back on your sofa and relax !, 
  also , you can invite your friends and have fun with pepsi while all coca cola drinkers are lonely fuckers who live in their mommies basements !, 
  take that you coke fag !, 
  it does n't . 
  well thank you , 
  turtle beach ? 
  ehh . . 
  i would n't say so . 
  you might think that they 're good but once you actually try something really good , you notice a massive difference . 
  i used to have siberia v2s . 
  they were n't that bad but i though they were great , after that my buddy recommended me sennheisers , so i listened his advice and bought hd518s and an audio card . 
  the difference there was mind-blowing . 
  i was at gamestop one day and tried out 400 $ headphones . 
  i laughed because the quality was so piss-poor , especially for its price . 
  [ asus xonar dgx ] ( http://www.amazon.com/xonar-dgx-pci-e-gx2-5-engine/dp/b007tmz1bk/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1384564144&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=asus+xonar+dgx ), 
  if i had a pci port , i would 've taken the pci version , asus xonar dg . 
  stop mocking me !, 
  . . and i am not very proud of it . 
  friendly advice : if you are posting something on reddit , i recommend posting it to a proper subreddit . 
  for example , you are asking now help for game purchase , so i recommend trying out [ r/shouldibuythisgame . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/shouldibuythisgame/ ), 
  go ahead and try it out . . it wont bite !, 
  ( expect default subs ), 
  i feel you bro : / at least there are ~ 30 % less pixels to render , so we get extra frames !, 
  i just tried to make a joke . . 
  i guess i 'm bad at joking . 
  well to be honest , he is not wrong . 
  ps4 is technically a personal computer . 
  it has a very closed os though etc. 
  imo the sharqi is the only successful re-make in bf3 . 
  wrong . 
  the peasants ca n't choose : developers choose for them . 
  i think this poll is more suitable for master race members who do not have so powerful hardware . 
  i 'd say no . 
  i have n't played original xcoms but i can somehow understand what is wrong with that game . 
  and i can say that ew does n't fix them , but it * makes them worse . 
  first of all , i 'm pretty early on my classic ironman playthrough , so i do not know all the stuff . 
  first , there is new resource called meld . 
  there are 2 meld canisters scattered in each map , 10 meld each . 
  if you want to get them , you need to quick them instead of turtle and play very defensively . 
  attempting to get them [ can get you in trouble ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlum4vwlqzi ), 
  however , the stuff ( at least early on ) that you unlock is mainly * very * powerful , overpowered even . 
  you can get [ gene mods ] ( http://xcom.wikia.com/wiki/gene_mods ) and [ mecs ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/shouldibuythisgame/comments/1qsw5x/sib_xcom_ew/ . ), 
  you can get these very early . 
  council missions etc. 
  are more common , meaning that controlling panic is even easier . 
  this is unfortunate imo . 
  also , the new alien cloaked alien unit called seeker will kill that lonely squadshot sniper , but otherwise it is not-so terrifying unit . 
  dunno about mechtoids . 
  exalt ( enemy humans ) are piss-poor enemies . 
  killing them is easy . 
  my favourite addition is training roleutte , a second wave option . 
  this will give every soldier random promotions . 
  there are some exceptions such as shredder rocket , but for example , a sniper can unlock field medic or assault can unlock sprinter . 
  this will make your soldiers more unique and your support can finally be a good smoker guy since he does n't need to be that medic . 
  i 'd like to note that there is base defense , but i have n't spoiled myself so i have no idea what they are : same as in original xcom ? 
  exalt invading ? 
  overall , what can i say ? 
  it does n't fix the core problems but the game is definitely better than the core game . 
  the game might be easier but someone slightly more casual like me , it does n't bother me too much . 
  i 'm betting 10 bucks that there will be a new expansion next year that will fix core problems of this game , just like firaxis did with civ 5 . 
  fun fact : gfwl used to cost money and it was pretty much xbox live on pc . 
  but since nobody paid for that crap , they decided to remove fees , but did n't update it pretty much at all anymore . 
  yes , there was !, 
  i do not understand why consoles are gaming related if pcs are n't . . you can do non-gaming stuff on both machines . 
  i agree it is not gaming-related , but . . 
  shhh, 
  i have n't - i so far i have played about 450 hours of this game . 
  i do feel tired about this game but it is still my # 1 go-to fps game . 
  also , there are n't too many games i have n't played this much - i 've only done it in tf2 , bf2142 and bf2 .
