  i see what you did there , kattes . 
   high end leopard 2 models ( at least 2a4 , maybe even 2a5 ), 
  those stupid fucks sold 100 of their 115 leo 2a6 's to finland . . for a dirt cheap price of 2 million each !, 
  c : oh and the deal includes 10 year 's worth of spare parts , tools , testing equipment , simulations and some ammunition . 
  well , they probably got pissed off after rooskies shot down their airliner . 
  how convenient that they had made a quick buck with their t-90 killers !, 
  edit : no , i do n't mean that 2a6 is the primary method to bust tanks , 2a6 just happens to be superior when compared to t-90 . 
  well , there was n't conspiracy in my comment , even if it may seem like it . 
  my point is that the chances that they probably would n't had sold the tanks after the airliner got shot down , hence the unfortunate timing . 
  the whole incident was sort of a wake-up call for the netherlands , right ? 
  neglecting your defense may have catastrophic consequences , as history has proven that , albeit in the case of netherlands it 's a bit different , with russia being thousands of kilometers away , netherlands being a nato country and all that . 
  maybe he 's just sitting , and his ankles are cuffed ? 
  guess how much i 've earned lately ? 
  zero . 
  why ? 
  because error 41 , that 's why . 
  i hope that you guys at codemasters are coming up with something , and fast . 
  i know that it 's early access but still , i 'm about to become genuinely mad !, 
  let 's just say that a decent amount of players are sharing the issue ; there are multiple threads on steam forums et cetera . 
  not sure what 's causing the issue . 
  the game used to work and then the patch screwed me over - i ca n't play the game at all . 
  i 've tried re-installing the game , verifying the integrity of game cache . . nope , nothing . 
  re-installing used to fix it temporarily but even that `` perk '' is gone :[, 
  are you sure that you need 16 chairs in your deck ? 
  i 'd personally remove at least half of them and add a second grill instead . 
  if you lose the grill then you may be in deep trouble . 
  also , why gas grill instead of a coal grill ? 
  coal grills are cheap and spammable , so i find it being more useful . 
  other than that the deck is pretty solid . 
  do n't worry , as long as they 're not in vehicles they 're fine . 
  you know , playing football is dangerous . 
  injuries happen all the time , and deaths are n't uncommon either - several players lose their lives * annually * . 
  but playing without any sort of protective gear ? 
  oh boy , it 'd be incredibly stupid not to play the flag version . 
  well children weight less and are slower so the hits are n't as powerful as they are with adults . 
  and you are correct , serious injuries are n't guaranteed by any means but it would be still quite stupid nevertheless . 
  [ nope , still alive and kicking . 
  ] ( http://www.battlelog.co/ ), 
  sort of . 
  it 's unofficial . 
  after ea shut down the gamespy servers , people behind this project decided to take matters into their own hands and made this workaround . 
  it 's basically the same as regular battlelog , expect it 's for bf2 . 
  lol , no , ea wo n't fix the game . 
  they do n't have any motives to do so . 
  bf2 is pretty much abandonware at this point . 
  but hey , at least i made it to the finish line !, 
  both of them are fucking shit though , so you are n't using either of them . 
  [ pfft , you just ca n't comprehend the glory of the sisu xa-180 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gssxbgwr7lq ), 
  edit : mit\u00e4s mit\u00e4s ? 
  less scripted missions !, 
  christ , i just hated the fact that the 2nd council mission is the exalt one , which has a specific way to play it , and then 3rd one again has a specific way to do it . 
  it 's imo just extremely repetitive and boring . 
  plenty of lessons could be learned from xenonauts ( did n't play the original xcom so i do n't know what ideas are original to xenonauts ) . 
  air combat is quite solid and satisfying ( but quite trivial ) , and there are plenty of different aircraft to choose from , and they fulfill different roles . 
  air combat also is very important - did n't intercept that ufo ? 
  great , there 's a chance that they 're now going to terrorize that city . 
  did n't shoot down that ufo that 's coming towards your base ? 
  now , unless your missile battery managed to shoot it down ( even if you built such thing ) , it 's base defense time . 
  oh and multiple bases , please !, 
  it 's just so much better than a single one . 
  well in xenonauts you have the radar dish as well , but you do see the activity happening outside the radar . . but you ca n't see the ufo 's , not to mention you do n't have the range to intercept them . 
  so it 's definitely a double-edged sword : you have a reason to build multiple bases ( and organize them et cetera ) , which is cool but the rng-part of the system can screw you over . 
  i still consider it being better than the current system . 
  after all rng is imo definitely part of the game . 
  that 's just . . that 's just . . holy hell . 
  even as an mge scrub i would n't possibly think that he could n't come from the apartments . 
  giving flawed information is even greater mistake , and if he gave info about footsteps that did n't even occur . . oh boy , that 's just terrible ( unless it 's a bug or something but i highly doubt that ) . 
  seriously , if there 's no info coming in 30-40 seconds then you should expect the unexpected , even if you are under heavy pressure . 
  that 's one of the reasons what separates the good from the best . 
  it 's been more than a year that i 've been at gn ranks , mostly floating at dmg . 
  nowadays i just play casually with my mg1/2 friends . 
  if i started to play cs on a daily basis with a proper premade then i could definitely snatch the le/lem rank ( which is still a scrub level nevertheless ) . 
   but using that scenario as a way of pointing out that hunden is a horrible cs go player is just plain stupid . 
  yeah , i can agree on that , but this is just one of the countless examples of his poor performance . 
  besides , his statistics speak for themselves . 
  sure , you ca n't rule out that they could become a great team . . given their previous performance that 's quite unlikely to happen , though . 
  the highest ap is on redut ; 200 points of pure communism . 
  i do n't think that 's too big of a deal since you can only fire a single missile . 
  the main advantage of f&f is the increased fire rate , and that is neglected because you only have a single missile . 
  sure , you 'll have to stay on course for an extra second or two , and there 's always the chance that your plane gets shot down during that time , but in that case you 've flown to an aa net that 's simply too strong . 
  bear in mind that g27 has a small force-feedback deadzone , which is annoying . 
  the shifter feels relatively flimsy as well . 
  nevertheless it 's a solid wheel and definitely the best in its price point . 
  h-shifter and the clutch are must-have features imo and the pedals themselves are extremely solid . 
  no , i do n't have other recommendations . 
  g27 is the best ~ $ 200 wheel with such features , period . 
  if you do n't want to play with the minor annoyances that i have mentioned , you have to increase your budget with an extra hundred bucks or two . 
  do n't get me wrong , g27 is a very good wheel and i recommend it , i just wanted to point out that it 's not perfect . 
  i do n't recommend playing airborne , especially if you are n't an experience player . 
  your ground options are severely limited and planes , especially helicopters require a lot skill . 
  anyway , it 's good to know how and when to use helicopters . 
  so , how do you use helis ? 
  first of all , microing . 
  you really really really need to used them in a way that aa ca n't reach them . 
  always keep them at a distance when you know that there 's possibly aa in the area . 
  if you want to know if there 's any aa in the area , send some of your cheap transport helis for a suicide run . 
  if they survive then great , your attack helis should be safe and sound . 
  if your helis gets shot down by aa , you can start smashing them with mortars and/or artillery . 
  if the aa has a shorter range than your atgm , you can always try to pick them off .
