  ignorants !, 
  because of non-used games we are getting the blessings from valve . 
  everybody gives the money for devs and because of this the games are so cheap and so many sales !, 
  and we are getting game borrowing . 
  if that is not enough for them then they are truly ignorant . 
  as a massive planetside 2 fan i still must say that tf2 is the best f2p game out there . 
  tf2 is very balanced , maps are mostly well designed , it runs well , is easy to learn but requires a lot of skill to play the class at its best . 
  also , it has the best f2p model : stock guns are mainly the best , you get weapons incredibly fast , you need to only spend 0,39 $ to get guns faster . 
  sure , you can buy the guns from the store but nobody does that , because it is very ineffective . 
  and people do spend a lot of money to that game , because of burning hats . 
  planetside 2 is a great game but it has still tons of issues that need to be fixed and balanced . 
  but it is a nightmare job for soe : f2pmmofps is , i 'd say impossible to balance . 
  i , unfortunately see one downside why battlefield 2143 wo n't be coming soon : it would be a direct competitor against new battlefront . 
  unless the future warfare becomes the next fps trend . 
  modern warfare has been the trend for 6 years , which cod 4 started . 
  but i say that the dice has a chance to make future warfare the next trend . 
  futuristic warfare is already getting more popular , thanks to games like planetside 2 and titanfall , but battlefield has a large and loyal , almost fanatic fanbase . 
  if dice does a move like this i can promise that the fans will follow . 
  and since everybody is talking how bf is the true cod killer , it can not do it if they stay in the cod era , modern . 
  call of duty killed medal of honor by taking a risk : making a modern warfare game , instead of ww2 warfare . 
  before that ww2 was a trend ; there were expections like cs and bf2 , but most of the developers made ww2 shooters . 
  and when the cod 4 rolled in , modern shooters were the next thing . 
  moh franchise died because of that , and the reboot was bad and the games were pretty much almost cod clones , especially the warfighter . 
  that being said , i think dice should make a 2143 . 
  switching the trend is in my opinion , the only true way to defeat cod . 
  only problem i see here is the ea afraid of taking a risk . 
  and ea is well known not take any risks . 
  i disagree with this . 
  there are tons of fans begging for battlefront 3 and mirrors edge 2 . 
  they wo n't sale as much as bf4 , and they know it . 
  battlefield however , is the flagship shooter for ea . 
  they are selling fuckton of copies with modern shooters . 
  why should they take a risk and make different game with their main shooter franchise ? 
  sure , they could do a spinoff like 1943 but that is not what we want . 
  if ea decides to take the risk , the game will be either a disaster ( it certainly wo n't sell too bad but it will hurt the franchise ) or it changes the trend and becomes the most popular shooter . 
  and since 2142 did n't sell as much as the bf2 did , i doubt that ea takes the risk . 
  no , i need my 2143 . 
  i hate when people see this game and say `` it 's like star wars or halo , why would you play it ? '', 
  the thing is though that this game is battlefield . 
  it has all the things that battlefield game has : 64 players , vehicles , classes , aircraft , squads , commander . . even though many people though that this game is different , it is still a true battlefield game . 
  also , dice tried to make a vision what the modern warfare looks like in 2142 . 
  all weapons and equipment are based at least loosely on modern day technology . 
  at turrets are railguns , emp technology is used in mines , turrets and even grenades . 
  battlewalkers are fueled by tiny nuclear reactors , titans stay on air thanks to enhancing higgs boson . . and all weapons are still using projectiles , not some scifi lasers . 
  mirrors edge 2 and battlefront 3 were a great move from ea . 
  ea has been the worst company of us 2 times in a row , so they had to improve their imago . 
  and how do you improve imago ? 
  listen to what the fans want . 
  and since battlefront 3 and mirrors edge 2 were so begged games from ea , it was a no-brainer to make it . 
  i 'm sure that they know these games wo n't sale as much , especially the mirrors edge 2 . 
  but that was not the whole point : it was to improve their imago . 
  ok , explain to me why tf2 is n't balanced . 
  it is asymmetrical balance : different classes have advantages over other classes , but all of them are skill-based and very different classes . 
  and the weapons . . most of them are just sidegrades ( expect something like ubersaw or axtinguisher ) , which promote different playstyles . 
  and if you learn to play well , the stock weapons are usually the best . 
  also , there is n't anything overpowered that would destroy anything . 
  expect maybe the mini-sentry . 
  but since demoman is my main class i do not see a problem with it . 
  you are correct , but cod 4 was not even nearly the first popular modern shooter , but it still started the trend . 
  it was already big franchise and unlike battlefield , it was on consoles . 
  also , it was directly competing against medal of honor and it managed to bring that game to big crowd . 
  also , people were complaining about how ww2 shooters ( especially moh ) were repetitive . 
  now it is the same situation : everybody complains how call of duty is so repetitive . 
  making 2143 could be a killing blow . 
  also , i really ca n't say that black ops 2 is futuristic . 
  it 's just the same call of duty with the same modern weapons , only with some futuristic gadgets . 
  i had the same problem but i ca n't remember what i did . . 
  it was n't too complicated that 's for sure . 
  battlefront and battlefield 2142 are so different with so different mechanics , weapons , design . . they are just too different . 
  star wars is a space fantasy while bf2142 is a vision of futuristic warfare . 
  as other people already said , arma is more like a military simulation rather than a game . 
  however , if you want a realistic shooter and having that game aspect , i highly recommend red orchestra 2 and it 's latest expansion , rising storm . 
  that game is set in ww2 , and it 's a perfect mixture of arma and battlefield . 
  damage is very realistic , no med-packs or reviving ( you can stanch wounds with bandages ) , reload animations and shooting has lots of detail . . but it is still 32vs32 with objectives which require teamwork , and you have squads , classes and commanders . 
  the base game , ro2 is focused on battle of stalingrad and rising storm is set on pacific theater . 
  ro2 has symmetrical balance : there 's very little difference between equipment . 
  rs however , favors us a lot more . 
  americans have stuff like flamethrowers , bars , shotguns and the basic class , rifleman has an access to semi-automatic garands . 
  japanese have more ineffective weaponry , but they also have their own tricks such as booby traps , knee mortars and banzai charges . 
  here 's some gameplay videos if you are interested :, 
  r/gaming and youtube are really low-hangin ' fruits . 
  aryan master race !, 
  sar-21 is confirmed too - [ 0:59 ] ( http://youtu.be/n-bmonb5qk4?t=59s ), 
  from outside it looks nice but inside . . well . 
  still waiting multithreading for this game . . 
  even though textures and even the models look quite scheisse , [ on large scale this game can look amazing . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aojcqax.jpg ) not bad for a dx9 game !, 
  in my opinion c&c 3 is better than ra3 . 
  the graphics , aesthetics and mood is much deeper and serious than in ra3 . 
  also , the combat is better imo . 
  it 's faster , better units . . ra3 has naval combat though , which is a big plus . 
  they 're both good games but c&c 3 is better . 
  the expansion , kanes wrath adds a lot of content to it , and it is a must-buy if you like that game . 
  c&c 4 however , is the most cancerous product that ea has ever produced . 
  it is a massive insult for the franchise that started in 1995 . 
  nobody should buy that pile of shit . 
  . . time to up the difficulty i guess . 
  947 hours of tf2 . . nah , he is one of us . 
  sometimes we all do have a hard time and we must accept if somebody says heretic words because of that . 
  it 's hard to say .
