  c&c 3 was released on 2007 , and you should also buy the dlc for that which adds completely new campaign with 13 new missions . 
  c&c 4 is something that you should n't touch even with a long stick . 
  it is the biggest insult what developers can do to their loyal fans . 
  lets just say that it is the final game in the tiberium saga and then developers decide to change * everything . 
  * story , gameplay . . everything !, 
  if the game was not official i would though it is just a shitty mod . 
  also , other games are worthy checking in this series !, 
  red alert 1 & 2 are really good , have n't played generals but people really do like it , red alert 3 is quite wicked but it is still good game imo . 
  so , we finally lost the crown when vs and nc made combined assault . 
  they really wanted to remove our indar lock . 
  we had to retreat and we decided that the spec-ops camp will be our last stand . 
  we prepared ourselves while nc hordes regrouped and isolated our spec-ops camp . 
  and soon the legendary battle was begun . 
  the lag . . the lag was something unbelievable . 
  the ping was something like 5000ms !, 
  i 've never seen anything like that . 
  there was debris flying around everywhere . . it was n't actually fighting anymore , it was just hordes storming to that point and holding their triggers hoping that they would hit something . 
  many people said that the server will crash soon . 
  it did n't , but my pc did !, 
  also , when i booted my pc it had 640x480 resolution and 256 colors . 
  thanks for everybody participating !, 
  this is something you will not so easily forget . . 
  * edit : grammar, 
  what was the aftermath ? 
  nc capped it ? 
  we lost the cont . 
  lock ? 
  bet 5 all, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i should come back and fight . . 
  . . sms ? 
  im so sorry to say this but . . generals 2 was already confirmed and it was even available for pre-order . 
  soon the project was cancelled and now it is simply command & conquer . 
  and it is a fucking f2p . 
  f2p is not necessarily a bad thing but on this genre it is , especially because it is ea . 
  we will see p2w mechanics that will destroy this game . 
  if you play on steam just press f12 . . 
  you can put ps2 as non-steam game, 
  i like that red faction fist, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qosr76vhhii ), 
  it 's ok , it 's ok . . 
  [ prowler quad heat ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ffsxshx_ii&amp;t=4m24s ), 
  i bought myself 5000sc . 
  i 've only bought t2 striker so far though . 
  red alert 1 & 2 , c & c 1 & 2 . 
  conttact customer support, 
  it hurts to be non-member atm . . especially when weapon prices are so damn high . 
  just sayin !, 
  or maybe we would go with current faction ideology, 
  vs - experimental guns, 
  ooh , i like it , 
  wondering how many seats and which weapons it does have . 
  tr lmgs and emperor reload sounds have changed . 
  peace through power !, 
  yeah the quarian is quite . . odd . 
  but you 've not seen a naked quarian before so we ca n't judge him . 
  origin is a poor steam rip-off , but it is not that bad that you should n't play the game ... 
  i would n't normally mind so much but . . this was the last time we will meet our favourite characters . 
  garrus has dancing , jack has tattoo , liara got her piano but tali . . 
  this was the last chance from bioware to show her face . . 
  it is so annoying that she keeps reminding how she is so perfect and genes and father made me like this blah blah blah . . 
  imo she is just an arrogant bitch . 
  let 's be honest though . . 
  dice , what have you done ? 
  killing floor requires more teamwork and tactics , since you have different classes and you and your team must know what you are doing . 
  l4d2 is more casual but teamwork is still quite important . 
  says the guy who drops from the reaver and tries to suicide-c4 sundie . . 
  the goal of alerts is to bring people fight together during non-peak hours . 
  that objective would n't be so effective . . maybe different goals during peak and non-peak hours ? 
  yeah , watching people opening their piggy banks is * really * exciting . . 
  he said that he will not play this game because there is no meta game . 
  i think alerts are quite good building the meta game and once the lattice arrives i think he really should pick it up again and give this game another chance . 
  ca n't say about vietnam , but on vanilla here in europe we had over 10 full servers some time ago . 
  it is not so much but still , this game will be on quite healthy state for many years . 
  i would highly you recommend picking up mass effect trilogy ( 3 games ) . 
  some people like to compare it to star wars . 
  some people like to compare it to halo . 
  imo me is something on video games that sw is on movies , and halo is just a pile of crap when compared to it . 
  mass effect is rpg 3rd person cover-based shooter with great combat ( expect me1 ) . 
  also it has amazing story , characters , dialogue . . 
  it offers solid 50-70 hours campaign depending how much you are willing to spend on side quests and other stuff . 
  50 % of the game is combat , 50 % is rpg . 
  it is not open world , neither it is a tube . 
  it is more like a very wide tube where you have multiple paths to go the direction you want to . 
  you can also have romances ( even with the aliens ! ), 
  if i had to pick the best game during the past 10 years i would pick mass effect . 
  also , mass effect 3 has multiplayer co-op horde which is actually one of the best co-op games out there . 
  [ here is the fan-made trailer for the whole trilogy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvqyn2rjfva ), 
  battlefield 2 is truly a masterpiece . 
  it is quite slow-paced shooter where teamwork is essential for achieve victory . 
  shooting mechanics are somewhat outdated but hey , bf2 is 8 years old game . 
  when we compare this game to newer bfs , vehicles and aircraft have much bigger role . 
  also , they have a longer learning curve . 
  you have total of 7 classes which forces your team to have variety of different classes . 
  in bc2 for example , engineer has rpg , mines , repail tool and a carbine which is good gunning down infantry in almost all ranges . 
  in bf2 engineers have a shotgun , mines and a repair tool . 
  there is also anti-tank which has a shitty carbine but also a wire-guided missile . 
  this game is focused on teamwork . 
  the commander does see the overview of the battle , so he must give orders to squad leaders , spot hostiles , inform what is going on , place artillery spots , uav scans , supply and vehicle drops . . 
  squad leader should listen to commanders orders and communcate with him .
