  squad leader must know how strike on different targets , lead the squad and advance smartly . 
  squad member must work with the squad : being apart from your squaddies means you are pretty much worthless to your team effort . 
  one of the most important tasks is to keep your squad leader alive . 
  he is your mobile spawn point and if he gets killed then you have a problem to say the least . 
  jets and choppers are somewhat overpowered . 
  if the jet pilot is extremely good , then there is pretty much nothing that can stop him . 
  frag spam is also some kinda of issue but only on infantry-based maps though . 
  here is my verdict : if you are a team member , enjoy mainly slow-paced battles , dont mind somewhat outdated graphs and combat , enjoy 64-player battles with vehicles and want to experience what true battlefield is about then this game is for you . 
  woah , dont underestimate smg infil !, 
  if you take some tips from art of war then you can cause some major havoc . 
  i though soe added underslung flashbang grenade launcher . . thank god that i was wrong . 
  the meta in bf3 is the thing that is the most op atm and then it gets hammered by the nerf hammer . 
  after that the new meta is born . 
  maybe because the vanilla maps were so terrible that the dlc was `` mind-blowing '' for those who were used to shitty standards ? 
  * couch cod couch *, 
  ( give me your downvotes , i do n't care . ), 
  i think [ r/montageparodies ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/montageparodies ) is a better subreddit for this video . 
  i am getting more frames too . 
  i changed from medium to high few weeks ago because i noticed that high runs well ( extremely rarely below 30fps ) on most of the situation . 
  thanks !, 
  i am currently using one of those big ben controllers which are designed both for ps3 and pc . 
  i though i would be safe if i did n't use official controllers but i guess i was too wrong . 
  time to get rid off this thing before i am soulless peasant !, 
  big picture ( and steambox ) are just a way to turn misguided peasants from console gloom to pc enlightement . 
  most of the d-pad heretics are already gone too far and they ca n't be healed anymore . 
  this game needs more sources of water . 
  if i had the money , i would definitely buy it !, 
  agreed . 
  this game should have weather effects that actually effect the game * cough darker nights cough * . 
  rain would decrease the distance how far you could see . 
  for example , after 500 meters you could n't see anything . 
  damn you have really good pc . 
  my pc would explode if it had to render so many objects !, 
  i personally prefer vice city . 
  i like the golden 80 's atmosphere than `` nigga gang '' one . 
  aww , that 's not good :( during the ps2 times there were plenty of them around . . 
  [ but . . but . . ] ( http://m.quickmeme.com/meme/3tqwik/ ), 
   until you 're sick of seeing a man 's brain be splattered . 
  you can always shoot the nut sacks if you are bored . . 
  also , this game has multi-player but it is quite bad . 
  but i expect you did n't expect mp at all from a game like this . 
  nazi zombie army is just rubbish . 
  [ please watch this video and then decide is it worth buying . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=my68r_vtmeq ), 
  nope . 
  her ( ? ), 
  hands and feet are so different . 
  also , she does have very dull hips . 
  at least not yet . 
  watch [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5uj4xit1y ) video and hopefully your attitude on pre-ordering would change . 
  in the end , it is your choice . 
  wrex . 
  do you like your job ? 
  first somebody makes the pilot pop out his flares with a stinger and then the 2nd stinger guy who is in a good position takes him out . 
  or use the soflam . 
  well i have n't played bf3 long , long time . 
  and i wont . 
  supressed tx2 emperor, 
  we all know how accurate nk nukes are . . 
  question : where is this test server located ? 
  are there more than one servers ? 
  nobody wants to be an alien douchebag wearing spandex . . 
  we do n't need them . 
  they have infested bf fanbase and trust me , the bf community nowadays is just total bs . 
  5/5 would have sex with it . 
   basically it 's been the same game since about 2006 with minor tweeks here and there, 
  that 's basically every ea sports game out there . 
  but at the end , there is not so much space to improve . 
  but because they love the money they release a new game every year and squeeze as much as money as possible . 
  and when the game gets roughly 2 years old they shut down the servers . 
  just look at the date !, 
  i belong to that 20 % then i guess . 
  and i assume most of that 80 % left the cod when they saw how copy-paste mw2 was . . 
  from out of these three imo mass effect 2 is the best but you need two other games if you want to get the full experience . 
  playing mass effect 2 is like eating the dessert while completely skipping the full dinner , which sounds first like a good idea but in the long run you will regret it . 
  according to lower left screen it would seem we are capturing a base what is next to the nc warpgate . 
  uhh , i am using empire specific colors meaning that we are capturing it . 
  also we had a huge fight at jaeger 's crossing but tr finally pushed nc out . 
  there was some finnish guy in nk who visited a hamburger restaurant . 
  he said that the fries and the burgers were excellent but the soda was moldy . 
  have you visited that place ? 
  maybe because it is a headshot and your ears are attached to your head ? 
  if you hit two metal spoons right together next to your ear it is quite a loud sound . 
  but at the end , if you get a bullet to your brain you should n't hear anything because you are basically dead . 
  we really need enviromental effects that effect the game . . * cough darker nights cough *, 
  . . or maybe just lazy ass devs . 
  i was just [ hinting towards the ending . 
  ] ( / spoiler `` me3 '' ), 
  we need dylan ama . 
  if the `` scifi helmets '' are just regular masks i am done this game, 
  pretty much the whole sovereign conversation . 
  `` there is a realm of existence so far beyond you can not even imagine it . '', 
  is the best one . 
  the chills man . 
  the chills . 
  this one has some great potential . 
  i made him a steak . 
  xcom on a game pad - do n't do it . 
  i do not know any stradegy game what is better on pad rather than keyboard + mouse . 
  alert is an event which gives you some exp if you are working on it .
