  edit : got the goods . . ty !, 
  project reality is definitely a great mod , but this game does n't try to be the same thing . 
  sure , both are tactical shooters but this focuses more on fast-paced action while in pr you can walk 15 mins without seeing any action . 
  this makes me horny in a really odd way . . 
  yeah it 's kinda silly how long it does take . 
  ash was a bitch though . 
  it 's kinda hard decision to choose between these two because they both have their problems , do n't you agree ? 
  this definitely is a pc gaming subreddit . 
  a large portion of circlejerk combined with pc gaming . . that 's what it is . 
  i dislike memes and other low-effort content , but laughing at peasants and praising gaben is what i came to do ` ere . 
  it makes the game easier . 
  i wish that they 'd actually make the game harder due to this . 
  increased health on sectopod + mechtoids do make the game more difficult , but this is easily compensated by the power of meld + very easy exalt . 
  do n't ever ever ever pre-order games from aaa publishers !, 
  you will most likely get a broken product and fixes will take months . 
  you heard about battlefield 4 ? 
  even though this game is developed by a different studio , you should n't trust the game functional , until the game actually ships and you see the results . 
  it is saddening that there 's a big chance that the game is broken when we purchase our games , so that 's why we must vote with our wallets . 
  now , pre-ordering indie games . . pre-access/kickstarter might be their only way to get their funding to the game , so if you want to see their game to become true and are willing to accept the fact that you might never get their game or the game is going to be a broken pos , then go for it . 
  yeah , i definitely agree with you . 
  the early-game got harder , no doubt about that . 
  but when you get your mecs up and proper genemods , that 's when the roflstomp kicks in . 
  if you wo n't do stupid moves and maintain proper planning , the game will be easy to finish . 
  also , increased amount of council missions and exalt mission made the panic control even easier . 
  that being said , i would n't be mad if they would make early-game just sliiightly easier and up the late-game difficulty . 
  give 3rd tech tier for exalt and scary genemods , give some stat boosts for certain aliens , introduce new aliens , make panic control harder ( multiple terror missions & xcom bases ? 
  well , i would 've saved my shrine . . 
  get this advice animal crap out of here . . 
  congrats , you 're 4th guy in a row posting that advice animal crap . . 
  and he 's asking money for ridiculously expensive build . . 
  i could somehow understand this if we was asking for older parts or money for his $ 400 build or something like that , but a build like this : do n't buy it if you ca n't afford it !, 
  just apologize after every tk . 
  it may not stop that wanker from payback , but it definitely keeps the positive feel in the game . 
  and before you start thinking that the guy who tked you is literally bcp , he may had a bad day or something like that . . so sometimes it 's better just to let it be . 
  i was about to type in but then i noticed that i already own this game . . 
  damn you humble bundle !, 
  seriously , nothing is more annoying than something which has n't rendered , does insane amounts of damage and in many cases , you ca n't even take cover !, 
  i am not sure about insurgency having teamwork , but if you want to experience tactical gameplay , then i highly recommend trying out project reality . 
  so , project reality . 
  it 's a mod made for battlefield 2 . 
  it 's created realism in mind with proper communication tools . 
  massive maps which include aircraft , helicopters , tanks , smaller jeeps , large variety of different classes . . it 's great . 
  it 's highly unforgiving too : it 's very difficult to spot enemies and seperating friend from foe is a tough job . 
  also , people do communicate . 
  you just need to hop in to a squad !, 
  random players do communicate all the time with each other . 
  [ trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jxk7sqnwfm ), 
  [ gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtso7tmukfu ), 
  [ some extra gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myphpe4dxim ), 
  ye , it will most likely run well . 
  developers have made some major optimization patches , so you can run this game even with crappier systems . 
  you should expect your fps to drop to ~ 30 in massive battles however , but that 's not what i 'd say is unplayable . 
  you can always drop your graphical settings too . 
  so yeah , go for it !, 
  + libs, 
  seriously , using libs was the shit . 
  but later on they were nerfed a lot and tons of new counters were added to them . 
  [ gladiatar ] ( http://vimeo.com/69664002 ) is my personal favourite , but oh well . . 
  ( nfsw ), 
  i recommend getting [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16814150689 ), 
  yes , it costs quite hefty amount of money but you get the silver reward from [ this . 
  ] ( http://amd4u.com/radeonrewards/ ), 
  black ops 2 was pretty solid , at least from my f2p weekend experience . 
  dedicated servers , proper ping meters , good option menu , good optimization . . pretty much everything what i expect from cod . 
  however , if you like zombies then i highly recommend trying out other zombie shooters which are available for pc . 
  killing floor is my personal favourite : amazing horde shooter which has a heavy focus on different classes and teamwork . 
  after playing kf i really do n't understand why someone would prefer cod zombies ( no offence ) . 
   because its a much simpler , shittier game . 
  but having a complex game is not an excuse for massive problems , do n't you agree ? 
   gigantic enemies that take up like 6 + tiles and you need to concentrate your entire team on it to take it down . 
  this is a great idea indeed . 
  this game needs something to make end-game harder . 
  sectopods are already pain in the ass but i would n't mind getting something harder . . 
  here , have some [ silver !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pvnjzgi.jpg ) you deserved it . 
  let 's put it this way : it 's harder because even though late-game is easier , hard early-game is even harder this time . 
  you have some tough council missions early in the game and iirc some soldiers have earned some stat boosts . 
  seekers are pretty easy to deal with , but if they trigger while you are already fighting against other units . . that may cause some trouble . 
  however , once you get properly gene modded soldiers + mecs up and running , missions will definitely be easier . 
  plus you can apply some gene mods to your soldiers which will make them more likely to survive . 
  exalt come in mid-game . 
  these missions are excellent to train up your squad , because they 're pretty easy . 
  you only need to worry about heavies who carry rocket launchers . 
  [ mechtoids ] ( http://xcom.wikia.com/wiki/mechtoid ) are n't a joke : they can take hefty amounts of damage and their damage output is scary too , especially on higher difficulties . 
  sectopods got a health boost : -50 % damage reduction on all shots . 
  so they have effectively 60 health + drones will repair them twice as much . 
  so yeah , it got harder where it already was hard and it got easier where it already was easier . 
  and you sinned again . . by posting advice animals . 
  please , do n't contribute it . 
  i do n't know about the current situation on consoles , but i can assure you that bf4 is a bloody mess on pc too . 
  even if pc gets more love than consoles , i can assure you that the quality is sub-par currently . 
  so , can you tell me what is currently wrong with console versions ? 
  obviously they are graphically vastly behind on 7th gen ( ps3 , 360 ) consoles , but what 's wrong with the 8th gen ( xbone , ps4 ) versions ? 
  other than the massive issues like `` netcode '' which ravage the pc version too ? 
  so , if you anybody got interested in this but wants this on a more complex , larger scale with vehicles , i highly recommend trying out project reality mod for battlefield 2 . 
  there definitely is a tougher learning curve than on insurgency : you need to spot enemies without spotting mechanics from several hundred meters and you must truly dedicate on teamwork using mics and listening exactly what your squad leader says . 
  [ trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jxk7sqnwfm ), 
  [ gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtso7tmukfu ), 
  [ some additional gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myphpe4dxim ),
