  codename 47 is terribad and not worth trying it out . 
  hats . 
  it 's all about hats . 
  you do n't see them often so bioware did n't put so much effort . 
  aliens ? 
  higby thx, 
  higby pls . 
  maybe not . 
  it is possible that they do n't have fat cells and the energy gets storaged different ways or they ca n't storage energy . 
  i 'm wondering what will happen to old tradimg system . . 
  you are not even opening it !, 
  you are just decorating the box !, 
  shhhh, 
  never gets old, 
  angry birds is from finland - and do n't you dare to say that game is not relevant . 
  dice is in sweden , bioware is in canada , crytek is in germany , metro and stalker were made in ukraine ( cant remember the studio ) , remedy is in finland . . 
  that was too swedish ? 
  man you swedes do tons of great games . . 
  yup . 
  rovio is trying to compete against disney - and atleast here on finland they have been successful !, 
  we have ab soda , toys , golf balls , backpacks , pens , cook books . . pretty much anything you can imagine . 
  fine . 
  i 'm just saying that it has been downloaded more than billion times , prob . 
  the most popular video game ever made , and it has heavily influenced toy etc. 
  industry . 
  but innovative ? 
  definitely not . . 
  imo snapback is the ugliest hat out there . 
  but an ab one ? 
  oh my god . . 
  [ omg ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03c4tncfemq ), 
  i have no idea how it became popular thing . 
  i have a little cousin . 
  she is now 7 years old . 
  she loves ab very much . 
  but she does n't even know what angry birds means ( in finnish ) and it is originally a mobile game . 
  in ab you save some eggs with suicide attacks . 
  that 's a good story , right ? 
  well that 's creepy, 
  try all of them out and figure out which type is your favourite . 
  our lord and savior gaben smiles upon you . 
  stop caring about your kd . 
  do n't think about it all and do n't try to improve it . 
  do n't play tdm . 
  bf is designed mainly for conquest ( and rush ) , and if you are getting enjoyment only from tdm then maybe bf is n't your thing . 
  teamwork is more important than killing . 
  always throw ammo & med packs , revive and repair . 
  also , do n't forget to spot people !, 
  sniper is the most useless class in the game . 
  if the team has too many of them then it 's almost a guaranteed defeat . 
  so avoid playing that class ; it 's terrible . 
  i have seen mass effect trilogy in origin for -50 % multiple times . 
  25 $ for 3 games + some dlc - very good deal . 
  [ totalbiscuit made a good review about it . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsnhdptumue ), 
  tl ; dw the game is 2d puzzle game which has amazing atmosphere and great graphics . 
  if you like indie puzzles then yes , ysb this game . 
  higby bad, 
  . . aliens : colonial marines . . 
  we had mercies . . 
  maybe video games in general are more expensive in china ? 
  if they are then people are willing to buy games/micro-transactions with such prices . 
  `` hi , i do n't like getting killed by this gun so nerf it to hell or remove it . '', 
  the name presents the weapon correctly . . 
  the shipment queue is many months , gl getting your copy . 
  i know this will not happen but that 's my greatest wish . 
  imagine project reality in bf4 * gasp *, 
  you should check bf2 . 
  that game is still in healthy status , especially if you live in europe . 
  metro 2033 gives you the same good experience as the last light did . 
  it really feels like it 's post-apocalypse and you ca n't understand ( well atleast i did n't ) why people are fighting each other . 
  you can see the worst parts of the humanity , just like in ll . 
  it is really depressing game but that 's why it 's amazing game . 
  the gunplay is quite clumsy . 
  it also has poor voice acting and lack of facemodels , but imo this clumsiness made 2033 better in some aspects when compared to ll . 
  the biggest downside of this game is the lack of tits . 
  if you are homosexual then this should n't be a problem for you . 
  so , do i recommend it ? 
  absolutely . 
  the game is great even though it has some downsides when compared to ll . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  both of them have really great story . 
  imo the story is better in 2033 , maybe because i played it first . 
  you have played ll so you should know many things about 2033 . 
  also , in 2033 artyom is just a rookie who barely knows how to fight but in ll he is a battle-hardened grunt . 
  you can decide by yourself if either one is better . 
  i think it 's just character evolution but i liked artyom more in 2033 . 
  project reality is a mod created for battlefield 2 . 
  as the name suggests , the goal of that mod is to make as realistic mod as possible . 
  pretty much everything has changed and the gameplay is more like arma rather than regular battlefield . 
  [ here 's some footage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zjjy3sajdi ), 
  the mod still has somewhat healthy community , just install the mod if you are interested !, 
  just be prepared to die many , many times . . 
  somebody is making mass effect mods , but i have n't seen star trek . 
  suicide is the only honorable way out of this . 
  pictures . 
  we demand them . 
  yes , the same studio aka ea los angeles and danger close , the guys who made c&c 4 and moh : warfighter for example . 
  . . i have a feeling that next starwars game will be a disaster . 
  yeah fuck commies,
