  it 's no wonder that people say that bf community is worse than cod community nowadays , which might be just true . 
  i have less than 100 kills with either of these jets ( and about 20 jet service stars in ~ ~ bf4 ~ ~ bf3 ) . 
  is that enough to be a skygod ? 
  look at my post again . 
  do i attempt to tell about broken mechanic ? 
  yes , i do . 
  do i go insultive on my post ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  do i attempt to find a solution and elaborate it ? 
  yes , i do . 
  and you are basically denying the problem . 
  that 's like saying `` gunplay is completely fine , nothing wrong with netcode , just butthurt ace-23 tryhards . '', 
  if i wanted to be a skygod , i would just go back to battlefield 2 . 
  that works sometimes . 
  i usually tell where the aa is if i manage to spot it . 
  if my team is filled with snipers then there 's no way that 's going to happen . 
  and if that maa is camping its own base . . no chance . 
  but see , maa is n't my problem . 
  it 's good to have a counter for jets . 
  my problem , once again is active-radar missiles . 
  and i told in my post why . 
  if you really think that i am a vehicle `` fag '' , then you are free to observe my battlelog profile . 
  i knew exactly what i was saying . 
  ecm prevents missiles from locking in , flares remove lock-on missiles . 
  ultimately they are countering missiles . 
  well it 's not precisely like that since flares ca n't work against laser tagging , but whatever . 
  you can shoot arm safely from incredibly far away - and i usually get shot from enemy homebase while i am in my own homebase . 
  in that situation it 's not the arm missiles that scares me - it 's the insanely powerful cannon ( which i do not have a problem against ), 
  now tell me , how could 've i used use teamwork in that particular situation ? 
  i told exactly where it was , but nobody bothered to attack it . 
  thanks to that it denied the whole airspace while i was circling at my base , waiting for a chance to engage . 
  finally i got shot down by an enemy jet , so i grabbed the engineer kit and destroyed it . 
  it was n't a hard job at all . 
  so yeah , in that situation it was because of a shit team . 
  not always though , sometimes i personally screw up or the enemy is just better . 
  vehicles are * supposed * to be more powerful than infantry . 
  [ see my post here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_4/comments/1u2ydz/active_radar_missiles_are_fucking_bullshit/cee371z ) about it . 
  now , i like infantry combat . 
  i like it more than vehicle combat . 
  recently i decided to get back into it . 
  it 's fun but i noticed pretty major flaws with it . 
  but apparently you ca n't discuss about without you being vehicle fag who likes to do nothing but whore vehicles . 
  and that is really saddening me . 
  look , i am complaining about a broken mechanic in the game . 
  and you instantly assume that i am some sorta of jet whore ? 
  well , i was in bf3 but uhh . . not anymore . 
  seriously . . grow up !, 
  it 's nothing but civil talk !, 
  no insulting needed . 
  that 's for cod players , remember ? 
  * large minds discuss ideas while small minds discuss people . 
  elaborate , please . 
  in this i am comparing infantry vs vehicles combat . 
  i did n't say anything about vehicle vs vehicle combat ; that 's a different topic . 
  again , this is n't about mobile aa , this is about active radar missile . 
  they have insane range and flares do not always work against them . 
  if you get hit and your jet starts to fall , there 's nothing that you can do about it . 
  also , taking out jets is n't that hard . 
  most people just do n't bother doing so because it just does n't grant you that much xp . 
  if i want to take down aircraft , i usually go where it is going to escape . 
  after a gun run a jet usually pops his flares and rushes for his homebase ; and that 's where i wait him to pop his flares take the bogey out with an unexpected shot . 
  maa cannon does incredible damage , so if you manage to stay in cover from enemy vehicles , you can deny a massive flight area from aircraft . 
  and when did i say that ? 
  you are just assuming that . . and in that case , you are terribly wrong . 
  see that ? 
  92 kills with stealth jets . 
  55 kills with attack jets . 
  now you have no rights to call me a jet whore me anymore . 
  do you actually realize how offensive and arrogant you actually are ? 
  look at my post again : i am talking about a weapon that is ( possibly ) broken . 
  i am not talking about players ; i am talking about a gameplay mechanic . 
  you are just calling me another jet whore who wants to dominate everything . 
  is this what bf community has become ? 
  bunch of immature and arrogant assholes who are just looking for reasons to insult other people ? 
  no possible way to have a proper conversation without getting insulted ? 
  there was a time when this franchise was great . 
  people acted like proper human beings . 
  they did n't harass people for nothing or accuse other people for cheating . . they acted like human beings !, 
  and what came to jet whores . . well , you just grabbed your own jet and tried to take him down . . instead of crying and insulting . 
  what the fuck actually happened to this series ? 
  it makes me sad . . very sad . 
  and depressed . 
  fuck you . 
  now that you mention it , i 've had pretty good time lately with vehicles , so maybe it is n't wise to quit . . 
  fuck it . 
  i guess i 'll live among the idiots . 
  i managed to uninstall the game so uhh . . time to re-install ? 
  u/cynicalbritonly , i summon thee !, 
  [ tactical bacon . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqyedr5wdbu ), 
  and headphones . 
  once you have a proper headphones , you can easily spot enemies through walls with your ears . 
  closed headphones have their advantages but for gaming , open ones are better due to their superior positional audio . 
  i personally would n't get that build . . 
  i 'd take off that monitor and take a beefier video card and possibly better processor . 
  so balls are . . good corporations like valve ? 
  well , you can restart the mission if you fail . . 
  he had a reddit account with 180k karma , but he decided to remove it because he got most of it 's karma from his fanbois . 
  that being said , he prob . 
  has a second reddit account which he uses to write comments .
