  well , there 's one thing , which may come as a shock for a lot of immigrants : we finns do not greet/smile to strangers . 
  no , we do not do that because we are rude or we would have some sort of disgust towards immigrants , it is just a cultural standard to not to do that . 
  so if you smile for every folk pass who passes you , people might think that you are a weirdo or something like that . 
  oh and there 's one more thing ; if you plan to learn finnish and use it as the language to talk with other people , make sure that you learn it really well . 
  we finns have a tendency to continue the conversation in english if the person is n't capable to talk finnish fluently . 
  it 's just one of those habits and it helps to keep the conversation going on . 
  [ yes , he really needs that luck ] ( http://www.ling.helsinki.fi/~fkarlsso/genkau2.html ), 
  and then they wonder why everybody hates them . 
  [ i found one ] ( http://www.riemurasia.net/flash/haisuli/66349 ), 
  oh great , one of these `` hur hur valve does n't care about us '' posts - trust me , valve does know what they are doing . 
  just because they do n't have community managers due to their `` good games make happy customers '' - policy , it does n't mean that they do n't listen to us . 
  and if valve implemented everything what we said then their products would n't be successful - just look at how massive steam , dota 2 , csgo etc. 
  are !, 
  so you are claiming that valve does n't care about cheating problem . 
  huh . 
  the thing is that cheats vs anticheats are a cat vs mouse game , and currently the mouse may be winning . 
  so just because cheaters are doing well does n't mean that valve does n't do anything about it - or do you have any sources on this ? 
  and it 's also kinda interesting how you know that kqly has been cheating for 3 years . . pointless claims should i say . 
  now unless you have some sort of inside source to back up your claims , stop spitting out horseshit . 
  although i do not agree with everything what valve is doing either , it is just dumb to say what a successful company should do . 
  and in the end , if you have problems with their methods then you have ways to fight back - like boycott for example . 
  no , they are not . 
  but the thing is that this new cheat is somehow downloaded from steam workshop , meaning that it will automatically download when you log into your account . 
  once valve figured that out , bans started to roll in . 
  it would be fucking amazing if we had a variety of countries and factions like in project reality . 
  usa ( both army and marines ) , britain , france , germany , israel , netherlands , canada , middle eastern coalition , russia , china , insurgents , taliban , hamas , free syrian army , militia , african resistance fighters . . all of which have unique character models and mostly unique weapons , vehicles , voice actors and gun emplacements . 
  having factions-specific weapons would cause imbalance but aside from that having diversity would be brilliant . 
  well , it 's nothing but a prototype , what is based on a tank from '60s . 
  so if we were realistic , handling would be pretty piss-poor in real life as well ( if such hovering capabilities were implemented ) . 
  [ well . . ] ( https://twitter.com/natucsgo/status/536197190461710336 ), 
  well that 's true , although keep in mind that is a prototype tank so it would be logical to assume that they would choose an existing design with a fix turret for their prototype ; as far as i am concerned s-tank is the only main battle tank with a fixed gun . 
  in that respect it 's only natural to assume that its offensive capabilities are shit while rudimentary hovering abilities also have an effect . 
  i doubt that russians had plans to use ht-95 in battlefield , it 's just there to experiment with tech and build hover tanks from that design , like type 32 nekomata for example . 
  i do admit that this should n't be a case though since battlefield is an arcade shooter where gameplay comes over realism . 
  edit : word . 
  they 're finns , all finns can speak can speak swedish * ( at least a little bit ) since it 's mandatory in our schools . 
  however , he was speaking danish so of course they did n't understand . 
  australia was n't in pr but it would be a good faction nevertheless . 
  although australia would be a good faction i honestly would pick something else over it if i could choose only a few factions . 
  i mean , their military gear is mostly export stuff from us/europe , so i would rather choose uk/france/germany over it . 
  all of these factions have interesting military gear which get little-to-no exposure in mainstream video games . 
  i agree with this . 
  if the game is 17 + then the chat box should n't be treated like a kindergarten ; i was once warned for using word `` bad '' or something like that , which did n't relate to insulting at all . 
  then there 's cases like `` bigger '' which is obviously related to nigger . . 
  i mean what in the actual fuck ? 
  and in certain cultures like in finland swearing is a core part of our informal language , although it would n't be nice to use such language in a global game where most players surely do n't fulfill the age requirement . 
  well , then there 's insulting each other . . well , insulting should n't be tolerated but in cases like if somebody is stealing your vehicle and refusing to give it back , you just want to tell him that he 's a fucking cunt . 
  after all he was an asshole whom was warned . 
  and the thing is that banning words does n't stop people from insulting ; there are always some creative words like `` maggot '' to get your point across . 
  unless you want to go on a level like in ps3 chat room where words like `` engine '' or `` connect '' are censored ( i shit you not that this is true ) , you ca n't stop people from insulting each other . 
  so , what can you do ? 
  stop playing on servers which enforce these kinds of rules . 
  if you are interested about this picture , then you should watch this document . 
  this tells how sas raided german airfields with their jeeps , causing disturbances in supply chains . 
  yes , they needed that fuel . 
  sas used these jeeps to raid german airfields behind enemy lines ; they drove hundreds of kilometers so they needed all the fuel they can fit . 
  the raid lasted only a few minutes where enemy was completely caught by surprise , so the chances that your fuel canister getting shot was n't very high , especially when half of them were empty during a raid . 
  and during your escape it really does n't matter if you have a lot of fuel or not ; a stuka bomber would kill you anyway if you got spotted . 
  here 's more info about the raids, 
  wargame : red dragon ? 
  if you did n't like sc2 because it is all about hammering your keyboard as quickly as possible in a correct way then this might be for you . 
  it 's less about your micromanagement and more about general strategy and choosing right units for the battle . 
  and there community is still there , so you should n't worry about the lack of players . 
  in that asl bucket challenge video he personally comments a link to that `` scammy '' website , so i 'm not sure if that site is a scam at all . 
  so maybe op was wrong after all ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  sure , hitting attack helis is pretty easy with it , but using it against something like experienced little bird pilots ? 
  good luck on that one . 
  oh and if you want to go shoot down good jet pilots is pretty much useless and even stinger can only scare them away . 
  casual is a terrible gamemode , and it is pretty tough to get scrims on public servers . 
  if valve applied competitive rules to casual ( without cooldowns etc. 
  of course ) , i would agree with you . 
  i agree . 
  even though that evidence is against flusha , that is not enough to prove that he 's guilty . 
  if we used the `` most likely guilty '' logic in court , we would have a lot more innocent people sitting at jail . 
  okay , that may be your opinion but i am personally so sick of modern-day battlefield . 
  all major bf releases have been modern-day for the past 6 years , and because there is no mod tools we ca n't do a damn thing about it . 
  i highly recommend that you start playing competitive - there are a lot of things to learn but now , you just got ta get your feet wet and see how good you are . 
  you will prob . 
  end up on silver ranks but it 's ok - everybody must start from somewhere . 
  so what should you learn to do ? 
  aim . 
  that 's arguably the most important thing about cs ; you ca n't be a good player if you ca n't aim . 
  once ( if ) you get to master guardian ranks you can start focusing on other things but for now , your aim is all that matters . 
  you will learn other skills while you practice your aim such as maps , rotation times , what to buy when . . but for now , just play the game however you want . 
  communicating with other teammates is highly recommended though ; it 's essential on higher ranks . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldnsmneekio ), 
  if i had to choose a game to show the horrors of war , this game would be a candidate . 
  i mean yeah , that 's the point . 
  war is not shown as a sport like most shooters do , since both sides are ( literally saying ) shitting their pants while [ brutal death animations ] ( http://i.minus.com/i7dp9mcbg84ko.gif ) also does their job on keeping terrifying mood up . 
  tripwire really did a phenomenal job by making a brutal shooter while not cutting from gameplay mechanics . 
  [ putin ? 
  it 's photoshopped ( i think ) . 
  now that we are talking about improving commo rose , could we get `` enemy boat spotted ! '', 
  back ? 
  philip . . 
  i think you should read these recent threads . 
  what fnatic did was worse than cheating . 
  i am not sure about you , but i always decide to leave that box unchecked .
