  and all the expansions so far . . few weapons or vehicles , four maps : 15 $, 
  also dice has made tons of promises which were never executed or executed poorly . 
  voip and commo rose are good examples . 
  erhm . . tf2 ? 
  i hated titan mode . 
  trying to attack that thing is like walking on legos while on barefoot . 
  those rdx campers and endless frag spam spiced with shotgun campers waiting you from drop that upper entrance . . no thanks . 
  2500k + 6950 is more than a normal pc . . 
  i have planned to overclock it later + unlock the 6950 to 6970 . 
  nc player in a nutshell . 
  i ca n't say plenty but you will absolutely find yourself a good rush server . 
  there is usually 3-10 full eu servers , sometimes more . 
  they remind me about call of duty players , they shout insults but they have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  i think you already forgot [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgyf6atfuye ) guy . . 
  cas 30 is an amazing at/aa gun . 
  you just must get close . 
  you can kill tanks & sunderers with 2 clips and you do n't even need a full clip to take down esf . 
  i have to disagree . 
  few maxes can make every aircraft make every lib and esf escape or get destroyed . 
  so . . it is worth buying ? 
  how much do you charge for battlefield bad company 2 vietnam ? 
  bully is one of the best , not sure if the best , open world game out there . 
  you will have tons of fun , i promise !, 
  just go and get it !, 
  i have it on ps2 and pc , controls are weird on pc but i heard that it was patched , not 100 % sure . 
  but still , even with the `` stock '' controls the game is completely playable !, 
   hold the crown the entire week, 
  well , that 's what everybody is working on . . 
  you too sir , enjoy one of the best games ever made . 
  well , atleast they 're trying . 
  that 's why i gave a like, 
  for la + engineer , jaguar . 
  very accurate hipfire + almost none horizontal recoil . 
  lynx strafes strongly to right , and imo that makes jaguar superior . 
  for heavy assault , tmg-50 . 
  very strong medium-long range gun , especially when fully upgraded . 
  you might have problems in cqc , so i recommend getting also a shotgun . 
  for a shotgun , i recommend haymaker . 
  haymaker has the largest ammo capacity , and also the biggest clip . 
  if you ca n't handle the fire-rate however , get the nighthawk . 
  i suggest you trial both of these weapons and make your decision then . 
  for medic , i do n't know . 
  i never play medic . 
  flower for my gunship . 
  i though it was cheap and cool , but that thing is barely visible . 
  i forgot that one , totally gon na add to the list, 
  i 'll report all these sound bugs later . 
  are you sure it 's all lightning turrets , not just the skyguard ? 
  i do n't know about that . . 
  i 'll trial that weapon and test it . 
  edit : so i tested the gun , yes it does have a hard bass but nothing that would make cracking sounds . 
  probably the problem is in your headset, 
  9 ref + some sweets for bad company 2 vietnam ? 
  sry i have no keys :(, 
  it 's a bug , because even the guns go silent . 
  hd6950 + 2500k, 
  i never played mw2 . 
  i knew that bad company 2 will be much better and mw2 would be exact copy of mw1 . 
  i just knew it . 
  just fuck off . 
  so you think that hearing footsteps while inside a vehicle is a bug ? 
  i 'm not sure . . 
  * sigh . 
  * ok , i can wait that 2 weeks . . 
  i think those who have n't hit puberty yet can understand his humor . 
  ok , i understood you wrong . 
  i though you meant that you can hear other peoples footsteps , not your own . 
  i have to test this though . 
  oh my god those mossy pilots were terrible . . 
  shotgun for the infiltrator class . 
  the abilities are designed for cqc , why give him only a sniper rifle available ? 
  ok i tested this , and i did n't notice anything . 
  maybe this is nc exclusive or something ? 
  i need to test in on nc side and figure it out . 
  added to the list though . 
  i use a2a missiles , and i think saying a2a missiles are almost impossible to beat , is wrong . 
  i have won several times enemy interceptor who has a2a missiles by first deploying flares , and then quickly make a full turn and then go full ahead towards him , before he can launch his 2nd missile . 
  after that , it 's all about competition who gets on whose tail . 
  because scytche  mosquito  reaver , doing this against scytches might be tricky . 
  and also , air battles are not anymore about 1vs1 skill , it 's about numbers . 
  the side who has more aircraft usually wins . 
  and , it 's also about battleground . 
  if other side has maxes or other aa sources at the ground , the opposite sides gets usually torn apart fast . 
  and i do regret my tomcat missile buying , most of the time i could 've taken down my targets quickly with rotary , and hellfire missiles just seem like much more useful . 
  they were great in the beta . 
  prob . 
  that 's why i tried to test aa missiles this time . 
  this is what 70 % of my random gunners do n't understand . 
  when hull is taken 50 % , sometimes when even 25 % damage , they bail out !, 
  i do n't understand . 
  usually i can easily save my lib if taken some fire , unless some esf comes and surprises me . 
  and they are dead for 100 % sure , unless they hit extremely lucky spot . 
  hey , borderlands 2 is the best loot-whoring fps , it has improved massively the lwfps genre ( the last one was borderlands ) , so i disagree with you . 
  i have played tons of aircraft in many battlefield , and i would call myself a good pilot . 
  maybe that 's why i do n't notice the `` easiness '' of these a2a missiles . 
  ok , that 's not a bad spoiler . . 
  * pulse rifle, 
  sure you might disagree , but i see borderlands 1 as a pre-version of borderlands 2 . 
  borderlands 2 just added tons of new gun models and gun types and lots of new enemy types , and the game looks prettier . 
  i do not understand the reduced gun possibilities and class uniqueness part .
