  what we can safely say however , is that the extra 10k gave a massive advantage for ldlc when they were supposed to be force-buying . 
  you should also be grateful that kqlv is a cheating bastard . 
  not a single cs player with any sportsmanship abuses the extra $ 7k which they had given by an accident . 
  agreed . 
  i remember in dig vs titan game somebody got accidentally extra $ 500 and he reported it instantly . 
  the opposite team decided to let it be that way . 
  so you really ca n't say that ldlc did n't recognize the extra $ 7k . 
  they must had been cursing because they would had to make a force-buy , but that extra money most likely saved them . 
  i really ca n't remember but i think that they had a full buy in 7-5 situation which vp successfully clutched . 
  after that everybody on ldlc had 3-4 .2 k money , which would have been a force buy but kqlv chucked some extra aks from his $ 10k stash , granting ldlc a full buy . 
  i honestly lost all respect for ldlc after this game ; they have been offered tons of sportsmanship from other teams due to their ddos problems but then they decide to fuck vp over like this . 
  even though that ldlc has won admirably some of the top-teams in the world , this was a pitiful move from them . 
  it goes the other way too ; vp constantly lost their momentum , but so did ldlc . 
  when they won their rounds they surely had some motivational boosts , but ddos surely lowered their momentum . 
  we really ca n't say how the match would have ended without ddosing but in this 14-14 situation vp had an excellent chance to pull the game to 15-15 if kqly did n't cheat , possibly even to victory . 
  i do agree with you on the first part ; i really thought that ldlc did have that game as well , but ddosing apparently lost the game for them . 
  i also do agree that we should n't blame csgl for this mess , even though that they could have postponed the item draft . 
  i do n't agree with you about ldlc part . 
  they had a whole day to get themselves a vpn or something . 
  other major teams protect themselves properly from ddos so ldlc has the responsibility to do it as well . 
  also they blatantly cheated with that $ 10k ; they clearly abused the error on 14-14 situation , possibly winning the game due to this . 
  and that 's why they should n't walk away unpunished , especially when other teams showed them good sportsmanship when they got ddos 'd . 
  this . 
  if you want to play some cs comp , make sure that you have at least at least 45 minutes of spare time , since matches can last over 1 hour , which is n't common though . 
  either fnatic is still fully retarded on their map choices or they really have analyzed nip on their last game . 
  hopefully the 2nd scenario is true . 
  yeah , i expected that they had a chance since fnatic tends to step up on their game when they 're playing on a money tournament . 
  when i last time betted against fnatic i betted for lgb and it was some tournament ( copenhagen games ? ), 
  and lgb got fucking wrecked even though fnatic was on a losing streak . 
  oh well , damn you fnatic . 
  imo sandbox is just better when you are dicking around by yourself , just like in aix . 
  so i would n't say that they would just `` die '' , as long as there 's a version which is up-to-date . 
  even though i betted for dignitas , this was a retarded call from csgolounge . 
  seriously , what the fuck are they thinking ? 
  but i guess that i am even with csgolounge right now because i lost my bet on vp vs ldlc and now i got my stuff back , unfairly though . 
  still a horrible , horrible decision from csgolounge . 
  darn , i almost got my lost skins back from vp vs ldlc game . . :( oh well , it was still a right call to cancel the bet . 
  i 'll place my bet for nip for this one . 
  yesterday nip managed to beat dignitas 2-1 and right now dignitas could be tired instead of in a momentum because they just were in a long game while nip has had a whole day to rest and watch how dig played against fnatic . 
  sure , the odds for nip could be better but i have faith for this one . 
  making small bet for paranoia , because suomi kalja makkara karjala takaisin perkele !!, 
  i did n't even want to bet for titan but because i accidentally made a small bet for tg instead of a big i decided to go full yolo for titan and add those skins to tg bet from csgolounge . 
  and now i am apparently losing this worthless bet . . 
  well , what did we learn from this match ? 
  never go full yolo with titan , because against underdog teams they pull shit like armor + dual berettas after losing the pistol round . 
  i anticipated that titan had a real chance to lose their game due to their lack of chemistry and disrespect for weaker teams . 
  my original plans were to stay out of this bet but because i accidentally made a small bet for tg instead of t4b , so i decided to take the risk and add two of my best skins for titan , so i could pull those skins to tg vs cm game from csgolounge . 
  i expected that there 's no way that titan would lose a bo3 for a team that did n't even make to katowice . 
  [ it 's magic ] ( http://fat.gfycat.com/parchedfirsthandjaguar.gif ), 
  indeed . 
  vp will definitely be hungry for some french blood . 
  i still think that this is pretty risky bet so i 'll personally stay out of this one , but i 'll prob . 
  watch the game nevertheless . 
  possibly the safest , but not even near to be called `` safe '' . 
  vp has played very well recently so the upset chance is very real . 
  i would say that it was titan playing poorly instead of t4b playing very well . 
  seriously , titan lost to simple tactics and then started to screw around such as buying dual berettas + armor after losing a pistol round . 
  also their positioning was pretty poor as well on various situations , and kennys still has n't managed to adapt to titan cohesion . 
  rifle play from t4b was impressive though but i personally think that it 's not enough to beat tg . 
  and this is why i do n't trust r/csgobetting anymore . 
  every time the game goes the opposite way than the majority says . 
  i really feel like some redditors intentionally vote for the wrong team so their own chances would get better . 
  so people , do your own analyses . 
  and by analysis i mean that observe how both teams have played recently . 
  just because t4g almost won against titan and tg lost 0-2 to cm does n't tell the whole truth . 
  tg lost yesterday because shox was on fire and t4g 's strats left a lot to be desired . 
  i anticipated that tg can counter their strats and beat t4g on awp vs awp duels , so i went big for tg and won . 
  i actually was surprised how the per cent for tg was only 57 . . 
  when i bet for titan kennys is having a bad day . 
  when i bet against titan kennys is on fire . 
  this game truly game up to momentum . 
  cm was clearly dominating titan on the first mirage half but after that kennys stepped up on his game , picked up the awp and played . . 10 rounds in a row without dying ? 
  oh well , i knew that betting cm was kinda risky because titan is heavily momentum-based : unfortunately it was the wrong team that stepped up on their game . 
  i can only imagine the rage and frustration on cm players at the moment ; they tried tons of different things and got cockblocked nevertheless . 
  in the end they just did basic strats and got shredded by pure skill and coordination . 
  maybe i should just start buying my skins instead of waste them on betting or opening cases . . 
  i 'm still waiting for my bf2143 . 
  and bf1944 . 
  vietnam 2 would pretty cool as well i think . 
  new consoles also offer improved graphics . 
  aside from possibly better-optimized games , you wo n't get that when you change to linux . 
  i never said that next-gen console games look better than linux games , i said that when you change from windows to linux your graphics wo n't improve because you do n't have new hardware , unless the game is better optimized in linux so you could add better graphic options , but the change would still be pretty minimal . 
  i am not talking about pc vs console , i am talking about between console eras . 
  the change from previous-gen graphics to next-gen graphics is a pretty darn big , especially for a casual gamer . 
  sure , if somebody wants the best graphics then they obviously go for pc , but a person who wants to stick with consoles will switch to next-gen , one of the reasons being graphical improvement . 
  sure , it definitely is n't the main thing for consoles but you ca n't say that graphics do not matter when you upgrade to next tier of consoles . 
  it ruins the performance on pc though , not sure how it 's on consoles . 
  [ red orchestra 2 did it imo better ] ( http://www.nowgamer.com/siteimage/scale/800/600/295364.png ) with better performance . 
  so they are actually making like a cs-style game , with economy and all that stuff ? 
  well , i 'm down with that if they manage to nail the gunplay . . 
  i have to disagree with you . 
  crime scene can occasionally resemble warfare . 
  for example , in [ mexican drug war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexican_drug_war ) there has been tens of thousands of casualties , if not over hundred thousand . 
  that being said , i am not too excited about this game after the farce of bf4 ( and bf3 ) , but i 'm just going to wait and see . 
  i did n't expect great things from bad company series either . 
  [ bitch bitch . 
  ] ( http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2012/1015/play_a_paul_gb1_576.jpg ), 
  we do have [ renegade x ] ( http://www.renegade-x.com/ ) , a community made sequel which is 100 % free . 
  yes , it 's kinda clumsy in terms of gameplay but i think it 's pretty fun nevertheless . 
  it 'll be still worthless i think .
