  let 's just say that you spot an enemy at 300 meters , what do you do ? 
  well , you start zeroing your scope to 300 , but now the target is gone . 
  now you spot a target at 200 meters , and you must start zeroing again . 
  if you know your ranges you can immediately aim your enemy at 300 meters , shoot the enemy and then switch swiftly to 200m enemy . 
  another reason why zeroing is bad because you ca n't know accurate ranges . 
  let 's say that you spot an enemy at 240 meters , what do you do ? 
  `` we 'll i 'll just zero to 200 and aim slightly above head '' - wrong . 
  that 40 meter drop varies massively per each sniper rifle and scope , so if you just randomly place your scope above enemy head , you will miss a lot of easy shots . 
  so how do you do it if you know your ranges ? 
  we 'll , let 's just say that i 'm using my favourite sniper + scope combination , jng-90 with 20x scope . 
  the first interval is 180 meters , the second is 359 meters . 
  the range between these intervals is approximately 180 meters . 
  60m/180m = 1/3 , so i must aim 1/3rd of a distance between 1st and 2nd interval . 
  if the target is stationary , i should be able to hit that shot 100 % of times . 
  and if you know your ranges , hitting stationary targets is easy after 400 meters as well . 
  now , of course if you just sit at your main for example , you are obviously a worthless sniper but if i spot an enemy sniper camping at some hill at 500 meters , i can take the shot and kill him , reliably . 
  i would n't say that my method is bad if you use a big quantity of snipers and scopes . 
  there are plenty of guides on the internet available for each sniper and scope , so if you are going to use a certain sniper + scope , write those stats down/move stats to second screen or phone/memorize them quickly and then game on . 
  but hey , if you want keep zeroing and go with your gut then that 's up to you . 
  and i agree , 400 meter targets are kinda worthless but there 's no reason to keep them alive if you see them and you ca n't spot any additional targets . 
  if you decide to keep that sniper alive at 500 meters it will eventually spot you and attempt to kill you . 
  source ? 
  i 'd say that 's hk ump , not hk mp5 . 
  - the stock is a standard ump stock . 
  - the gun looks `` blocky '' ( like ump ) , rather than `` roundy '' ( like mp5 . ), 
  - the gun has a long trigger guard , which is similar , if not identical to ump . 
  - rear sight on the gun also resembles quite a lot ump . 
  definitely worth trying on pc , it 's the best version by far with long war and all that . 
  op , just download the demo or pirate the game if you are not sure if your pc is capable to run the game . 
  well , with [ ultra low graphics mod ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/17137/ ? ), 
  it surely would . 
  it does n't seem to have a fan , which might be a problem . 
  oh well , at least it is quiet and i could do my own modifications if it ends up being a problem . 
  yeah , i 've had experience with crt tvs . 
  so unless the hdd is completely shit ( like my old seagate hdd ) , the noise should n't be problem indeed . 
  but . . the heat though . 
  for office and such it wo n't be a problem , and prob . 
  not for movies either , but some bloke at another forum was complaining about gaming part . 
  he played flatout ( which came like 10 years ago ) , and the game became unplayable due to heating problems . 
  anyway , i 'm not going to get this machine for gaming so i 'd better problem that part completely . 
  i still need to figure whether i should buy the laptop or not . 
  na shuffle hype train . . anyone ? 
  spm does n't equal skill either . 
  if you are one of those guys who just like to focus on reviving/healing folks or go suicidally for objectives , you might be the most useful player in the server , but not necessarily the player with most skill . 
  [ yup !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbm5vm1xrss ) well , it 's not * identical * but it 's pretty damn close . 
  just like most of sony 's divisions ?!, 
  ^ i 'm ^ sorry ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ so ^ ^ sorry, 
  now hang on a minute . . if the game is f2p and you ca n't purchase micro-transactions , then how on earth are they planning to make money with this tosh ? 
  i just do n't . . get it . 
   balances the game a bit more, 
  i must disagree with this . 
  in enemy unknown early-game is difficult , and in enemy within it is * even harder * since meld mechanics favours risky plays , which are suicidal on the hardest difficulty ( and stirs up trouble on easier difficulties as well ) . 
  after the 2nd month the game becomes quite a lot easier ( if you know what you are doing ) , and in eu late game is actually rather easy . 
  in ew the late-game is * even easier * because you have a ton of fancy new toys to play with , which are arguably overpowered . 
  do n't let this fact ruin your experience , op . 
  the game with expansion is still a lot better than the vanilla game , and there is this amazing mod called long war - head out to / r/xcom if you are interested !, 
  well , i suppose that you are playing it wrong , then . 
  your mechs are just absolutely brilliant for tanking damage - paladin assault mech with absorption fields and damage control takes like up to 4 damage if i recall correctly , if it 's within 4 tile range of an enemy unit . 
  and their abilities are just brilliant as well . 
  what about mimetic skin ? 
  having the ability to be invisible all the time ? 
  yup , * totally * balanced !, 
  combine that with some proximity mine launchers and rockets/nades , and you can wipe out most alien pods in a single blow - before they even had a chance to be triggered . 
  did i mention secondary heart ? 
  well , your troops are guaranteed to take a critical hit instead of dying - and in late-game you should have enough meld to give this to your best soldiers . 
  you need n't worry about your soldiers dying to a bullshit shot . 
  this on top of all other bonuses makes late-game easy . 
  you just have so many effective options . 
  in early-game your only option is simply luck - you only have few frag grenades as a way to deal with your enemies , and then you just pray that your shots land while theirs do n't . 
  if you lose like 2-3 on the first two month then that 's it - it 's pretty much game over . 
   i hear dumpster diving can also be pretty fruitful . 
  well , let 's just say that if op is really desperate and breadlines wo n't cover his belly needs , dumpster diving is actually a viable option . 
  even though it is as disgusting as it sounds , finnish markets do throw a lot of good edible food away since a ) food is most likely still good after the expiration date ( strict laws and all that ) and b ) most , if not all major retail chain employees are not allowed to take expired food with them . 
  - it either must be thrown away or given to charity et cetera . 
  [ just look all that good stuff that was thrown away !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz2pkev7mac ), 
  i never thought that i 'd recommend dumpster diving to anyone , but in this situation . . just go for it op . 
  it 's unfortunate that ddos always win no matter what you do . 
  ddoser wins . 
  cancel match ? 
  ddoser wins . 
  get the ddos 'd player back online ? 
  too bad - moment was most likely lost and ddosers win in that as well . 
  . . well , you kinda lose momentum as well , and off-stream games suck for us viewers . 
  no idea , but since tripwire is currently focusing killing floor 2 , i doubt that we will see anything this year . 
  project reality handless this pretty well . 
  firstly you need supply crates which must be delivered from main base - they can be delivered with either transport helis or supply trucks . 
  after you have delivered these , you can build fobs ( spawn points , which is one of the few ways to spawn in ) , atgms , machine guns , aa emplacements , foxholes , sandbags , barbed wire . . you name it . 
  you need a full squad to do this process though since a ) squad leader places those emplacements and b ) squad members build them with their shovels . 
  although the system is pretty neat , it simply would n't work in normal bf . 
  it simply requires too much teamwork to make it operational , stationary weapons handle differently , you setup extremely cheeky positions . . especially on maps like locker . 
  it simply would n't just work . 
   you need to get a que of 5 people, 
  sorry , but i would say that this is true . 
  cs is a game that you should not solo queue , here 's why :, 
  - communication is most likely bad/terrible . 
  if you have rooskies on your team then it 's usually gg . 
  even with english-speaking folks it may be bad since they might not mics or they do n't give you any info . 
  - it 's practically impossible to execute complex strategies ( and even simple strategies on lower ranks ) without 4-man/full premade .
