  squad leaders then know to explain you the basics ( like spotting , picking up the right kits , not firing if you 're not given a permission to engage ) , and do n't give you any critical roles like anti-tank . 
  do n't join tank/aviation/logistics squad as these roles are very important and should be in the hands of players who ( mostly ) know what they are doing . 
  there 's nothing more aggravating than an ignorant noob who just wastes helicopters by crashing them . 
  sure , there are people who really do n't want to play with noobs , but they 're usually just twats or they 've had terrible experiences with other noobs who 've refused to learn etc. 
  also , if you happen to be underaged with an annoying voice , well . . let 's just say there are people who despise them . 
  i hope that you 'll have a great time !, 
  if you seek to have a milsim-ish experience with random people then you 're up for some good experience . 
  pr is arguably one of the only titles where you can get immersed without a clan . 
  if you 're socially awkward or just generally speaking a solitary person then maybe this simply is n't just for you . . it 's definitely worth trying out , though . 
  i highly advise you to start reading the official project reality manual . 
  it explains pretty much everything on what a newb needs to know . 
  people do play this game seriously , but it does n't go on a roleplay-level tier where everyone is actually pretending to be someone who they 're are n't . 
  the atmosphere is relaxed , but you are expected to do your job within limits . 
  there 's nothing wrong about having a casual conversation either , but when a firefight occurs everyone is expected to keep their chatter relevant . 
  you are expected to learn some terminology that 's used in the game like cas , suppressive fire and use the correct terms for spotting , but it 's nothing that you would n't learn by simply playing the game . 
  if you want to see on how the game is generally played , i highly recommend watching [ bluedrake 's channel . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cggnxdaklvy ) he usually plays as a squad leader so his point of view is one of the most versatile ones . 
  he does occasionally get too excited , but seeing his footage should allow you to see how entire squads composed of random people collaborate together . 
  you will initially play as a regular rifleman so you wo n't see the whole picture early on . 
  you sure about that ? 
  i 'm seeing three na servers that are full right now , and two european servers . 
  it does n't get a lot higher that , and it 's not a necessity either . 
  check your server settings . 
  squad currently lacks critical features as it 's in early alpha stages . 
  the quantity of content is also very lacking too . 
  so you 're better off with pr if you want a complete experience . 
  squad in its current state is only a small slice of cake that 's being made . 
  i 'd like to see a tutorial from you in which you teach how to play against chaos . 
  i got my 1700tv orc team annihilated against one . . okay sure , my goblin got killed by a rock and my borc was killed by a regular beastman but i got -1 str from troll but nonetheless he kept breaking my armor al the time . 
  this so much . 
  canadian airborne is such an overlooked unit due to shitty unit statistics in-game . 
  for the next wargame i wish that you would n't have to rely on hidden spreadsheet in order to get reliable information - it should all be there in the armory . 
  the gun too is better . 
  that 's actually a bad thing . 
  it takes longer time to recharge your fuel while tot is the same ( and in this case flanker actually can stay 5 seconds longer in the air ) . 
  i am not 100 % sure about this though so feel free to correct me . 
  i think your complaining worked actually . 
  well , perhaps not your posts specifically , but they must have seen the demand for a realistic rally game through complaints . 
  glad that they 've listened their fans and made this game . 
  i actually remember making a post to / r/shouldibuythisgame about a decent rally game couple years ago . 
  they had nothing to offer me other than arcade titles and we agreed that it 's about time for a solid rally sim . 
  lancia stratos is such a bitch to handle . 
  it feels like it 's way longer than most cars since i 'm bashing the rear constantly to objects . 
  ] ( https://www.np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qjohv/what_did_your_parents_show_you_to_do_that_you/cn71tnd?context=10000 ), 
  there are two types of battlefield players : ignorant people with no situational awareness or what-so-ever , and good team players who know what 's going on and react properly . 
  the latter category is relatively very small in bf4 as they 've mostly moved on to titles like project reality and arma . 
  this game definitely would definitely benefit from extra micromanagement . 
  split regimes by cell block , more security levels that are customizable , better patrolling system , more than 7 patrol/deployment regimes . . 
  the addition of food/laundry management in alpha was very good , but i definitely consider that there 's a lot room for other features . 
  they have regular training and an assault rifle , the worst machine gun in the game and a piss-poor atgm that does n't even ohk 2 armor . 
  so yeah , no . 
  alright , my bad i guess . 
  they still suck ass tho . 
  2-3 shots against 10 armor is very bad . 
  actually , heat 14ap does only 3 damage against 10 armor , making it a 4-hit kill . 
  and no , it does n't kill most transports as it does only 8 damage against 2 armor . 
  the bottom line here is that if it struggles against cheap , light units then how it is going to take out heavier stuff ? 
  instead of 14ap missile you could get something with at least 24 which would one-hit kill the leo 1 's with 10 armor . 
  it 's not decent enough to fend off infantry pushes to towns either in which units like tanke shashou '85 excels with its 16ap . 
  so yeah , it sucks against tanks & vehicles , and the pkm guarantees you that it also sucks against infantry . 
  that 's sort of implemented to the game . 
  i mean , when suppressed , highly vetted squads spend less time shitting on their pants and do more what they 've been told to do . 
   in the case of e-ger motos , it 's always worth the '90 upgrade - you go from mediocre everything to the best small arms in the game, 
  ~ ~ this is false information . 
  the rpk on '75 does 0,273 he/s while the lmg 944 does 0,227 he/s . 
  at further distance these weapons do the same damage . 
  they both also carry assault rifles so the damage is obviously the same as they 're both shock infantry . ~ ~, 
  so yeah , you pay 5 extra points for a solid launcher ~ ~ but a noticeable downgrade on the mg department . ~ ~ and only a minor buff in dps , making standard mot schutzen more price-efficient in city fights . 
  yes . 
  unless hidden knowledge spreadsheet is filled with misinformation my stats are valid . 
  and in-game stats shown are very deceptive , the c2a1 on canadian airborne with 250rpm has one of the highest dps in the game . 
  it seems i used the one with incorrect information , then . 
  nonetheless the standard version is suited better for infantry combat with them being cheaper , and i 'd bring one of them in a 5-point transport . 
  i guess you should 've purchased the alpha squad , then . 
  a gun with manageable recoil and solid firerate would be the ace line-up . 
  well , one of the carbines is heavier with slower fire-rate but better damage . 
  however , i 'd say that the other guns are more comparable to voss as they are quite easy to use . 
  the biggest difference between 2142 and bf4 weaponry is the versatility . 
  you 've got dozens of options to choose from in the latter game . 
  as a high fire-rate guns you get ace-23 with easy recoil , but you can choose aek-971 with 900rpm which comes with hell of a lot more kick . 
  my personal favourite is an-94 which can go up to 1200rpm , and this drops enemies in a heartbeat !, 
  it does require you to use the burst-fire mode which can be quite tricky for some players . 
  there 's also xm-25 airburst in the support class if you liked the underbarrel rockets in 2142 . 
  they are quite quite underwhelming when compared to their future brethen , though . 
  iirc the real injuries were few and far between , so it is still recoverable . 
  nonetheless the team was made purely for fun , so . . so even most of them got killed you could continue playing i guess . 
  it was against a random player in the official league . 
  with a full skink team he made it to 1500tv , which is pretty impressive . 
  now , he was a pretty chill dude and drinking at the same time , so his plays were n't quite . . prudent . 
  faust 's team lost one ? 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  bf3 was pure bullshit , i get it . 
  the `` good old days '' will never return . 
  i do n't agree with dice 's design choices but i can understand them . 
  however , now that the bf4 has been fixed , and with the introduction of classic preset the game is actually pretty good !, 
  the classic mode removes hell of a lot of training wheels introduced with the newest titles , and some gameplay aspects like stealth are completely viable . 
   the audience of people who cared so much are not here anymore . 
  many of them i imagine got tired and went to play something else . 
  i guess you hit the nail right here . 
  early bf titles offered something for both casual and tactical players .
