  if you have some friends and you enjoy loot-whoring and shooting npcs then this game might be for you . 
  crysis 1 is a single-player game where you play as a soldier wearing nano-suit , basically a suit that makes you a supersoldier . 
  you can cloak , have superior armor and strength . 
  in the story you go to north-korea and search for this mysterious item . 
  the story is not relevant though . 
  orange box offers three games : half-life 2 + 2 expansions , portal and team fortress 2 . 
  in hl2 you play as gordon freeman , an ex-theoric physic who comes to earth which has been occupied by aliens for 30 years . 
  you will join soon the resistance . 
  the graphics are outdated but they were superior in the year of 2004 . 
  portal is a first person puzzle game where you are aperture science test subject who performs tests with portal gun . 
  basically it 's a puzzle game but it 's in a first person mode . 
  also , the story is amazing and the whole facility is controlled by crazy ai . 
  team fortress 2 is a quake-stylish fps where you play as one of the classes . 
  each class has their roles their strengths and they have their weaknesses . 
  note that this game is free on pc and is 100 times better on pc than on consoles . 
  so , what you should get ? 
  if you enjoy just killing stuff and really not caring about the story and possibly have some friends get borderlands . 
  if you want to play as a supersoldier get crysis . 
  if you have shitty pc do n't bother , you might not run it though . 
  if you are looking for great single-player experiences get orange box . 
  if my turbo gets replaced . . well . . that would be the biggest fuck you from soe ( after the turbo nerf , of course . ), 
  soe we flash drivers love our turbo , you shall not take it away . 
   ^ low ^ shit ^ stop planetside, 
  battlefield 3 was a terrible game , if this is real then i might even forgive the sins that dice has made . 
  edit : i knew i would get downvoted to hell , especially on this subreddit . 
  but that is my honest opinion and i shall keep it that way . 
  yes , quite similar to fallout . 
  it is actually more like mad max . 
  bandits , guns , cars , guns , trash . . and then there are wild animals !, 
  mad max is not a game , it 's a movie . 
  note that borderlands 1 is not focused on cars so much though . 
  and in borderlands 1 the guns are randomly generated , so you can have thousands of different guns . 
  i could make a huge rant about it , but i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://www.mordorhq.com/showthread.php?3880-the-true-story-of-battlefield-3-the-battlefield-franchise-its-community-amp-ea-dice ) here . 
  dat cleavage . 
  es - biggest meme in finland . 
  es is an extremely popular drink among young people , especially on those who have n't hit the puberty yet . 
  the popularity is prob . 
  because of the cheap price . 
  now there is nothing wrong about drinking es , but still , because of how popular it is among young people , it is quite shameful to drink it . 
  we have other es products too , but the es is a minor budget brand here . 
  also , when we talk about es we always mean the energy drink , not the brand . 
  not ` merica, 
  ` murica !, 
  there was once a kid singing master of puppets on bad company 2 ps3 . . it was no fun . 
  this is off-topic but i must tell it . 
  fpsgeneral ( curse ) is just a bag of shit , they merged my favorite community called enterbf3 to fpsgeneral . 
  enterbf3 is the oldest battlefield 3 fansite , dating all the way back to 2007 . 
  we had one of the best communities ever . 
  i remember we used to talk about everything . 
  bf3 , beer , women . . and i remember when we played that swedish military test , and we were terrible !, 
  so many good times . .  then one day curse bought enterbf3 , and they just kept it that way for many months . 
  then one day they announced that enterbf3 will be merged to fpsgeneral . 
  we had beautiful small community , about 100 active members . 
  and then , it did happen . 
  after the merged everybody said goodbye and then it was over . 
  why ? 
  because fpsgeneral just wanted some profit !, 
  so yeah , fuck those guys . 
  here 's the current site , look how dead it is . 
   endings change, 
  and that 's why i had that anti-motion mine grenade . . motion mine grenades were op . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btiiklafunk ), 
  this video made play on amerish . 
  i 've seen other spooky stuff at esamir tr warpgate , but this is a winner hands down . 
  please , buy yourself mass effect 1 & 2 !, 
  you will thank me later . 
  play it with a dice . 
  every time you must make a decision , throw the dice . 
  if it 's even , choose paragon . 
  if it 's uneven , choose renegade . 
  mass effect trilogy is today -50 % sale on origin !, 
  you should absolutely play the whole trilogy . 
  there are some dlc that you should consider getting . 
  must-buys are lair of the shadow broker for me2 and citadel for me3 . 
  both of them are extremely good dlc and i absolutely recommend getting them . 
  citadel is not so important if you only care about the lore , but after you have played it you understand why it was worth getting it . 
  arrival for me2 and leviathan for me3 should 've been in the vanilla game , because after playing them rest of the story makes so much sense . 
  this is also the case with lair of the shadow broker , but because of the entertainment value lotsb is a must-buy . 
  if you have the spare cash i recommend getting arrival and leviathan . 
  if you ca n't decide however , buy arrival and leviathan after you have played the me2 , because you can play the arrival after you have played the last mission . 
  all me1 dlc comes with the trilogy , but the pinnacle station is not worth playing it . 
  it is the worst part of the trilogy hands down . 
  and the rest of the dlc . . they are ok but i do not recommend getting them unless you get really excited about mass effect and you want to squeeze everything out of it . 
  remember to check [ r/masseffect ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/masseffect ) after you are finished with your trilogy !, 
  mass effect trilogy is on sale on origin , 25 euroes . 
  if you are even slightly into single-player games then this is a must buy . 
  it offers 60 + hours trilogy . 
  first game is dull combat-wised but if you can handle it . . you are playing the # 1 trilogy in gaming imo and thousands of other gamers . 
  it offers absolutely amazing story and characters . 
  after you have played the trilogy you will become depressed how it is already over . 
  then you will play it again . 
  you should play the whole trilogy , not just one game . 
  i think you should buy mass effect 3 and pirate mass effect 1 & 2 and buy them later . 
  mass effect 3 has a multiplayer mode which is great but also effects your story . 
  if you decide to buy only me1 you will want to play me2 & 3 after that . 
  so , i recommend pirating me1 & 2 and buy them later when you have more money . 
  unless you live in us and you have all those bs laws then maybe pirating is not a smart idea . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gufjdvlxkzw ), 
  agreed , dice really just fucked up . . everything . 
  mass effect 2 won 17 goty awards .
