  right now more than 50 % of the posts are montages made by some youtubers who wish the get some views . 
  now i do n't mind discussion videos but seeing `` hi guyz check how awezum kills i made oh and do n't forget to subscribe so i could get a partnership ! '', 
  makes me cringe . 
  so is it possible to add a rule that disallows posting montages ? 
  this is quite small subreddit but still , it is very heavily getting hammered by montages . 
  i personally do n't mind montages in r/planetside for example , because very few of the posts are montages . 
  and usually those guys who post them are very active part of the community and do tons of informative content . 
  in almost every battlefield game developers have tried to perfect the class customization . 
  unfortunately players ca n't agree which customization system is the best , and that 's why we will never have perfect customization system . 
  so what is your perfect customization system ? 
  my ideology is that less is more . 
  less available options forces the players to make heavy decisions what kinda gear they need in the current situation . 
  bad company 2 was the closest thing in to achieve this . 
  was dumb but the choice between scope or extra gear was really good . 
  that game rewarded from using iron sights . 
  battlefield 3 added tons of good customization options but some of them were too much . 
  squad ammo & explosives made the support quite irrelevant class . 
  in my favourite scenario pros and cons of the bc2 and bf3 are combined . 
  each soldier has 3 ** personal ** customization slots . 
  these customization slots are no different : they all have the same stuff . 
  you can add an attachment to your gun or add a perk to your class ( the current bf3 perks ) . 
  extra ammo & explosives give you only 50 % extra ammunition from your standard ammo pool rather than extra 100 % ammunition . 
  full squad has also access to one squad perk . 
  the squad leader chooses what perk it is . 
  this perk ca n't be extra ammo or explosives . 
  vehicle customization should have 2 customization slots and smoke should be standard to all tanks . 
  also , get rid off reactive armor . 
  that thing gave too much advantage . 
  choppers should have flares as standard and you have 2 customization slots . 
  and no heat-seeking missiles for choppers . 
  it just killed the fun from chopper duels . 
  jets should have flares as standard and one customization slot . 
  also , you must choose what your secondary weapon system is . 
  thoughts ? 
  i ca n't understand why razing capitals disabled . 
  just . . why ? 
  does it have to do something with domination victory ? 
  so i started my first attempt in immortal difficulty . 
  my strategy with ethiopia is tall , diplomatic , strong religion , produce tons of money with tithe , higher resting point so i could be a friend with every city state . 
  map is continent standard . 
  my start was pretty much a perfect one : river , few luxuries and desert tiles . 
  i did some scouting and holy hell . 
  i instantly bought a settler and settled next to it . 
  unfortunately montezuma was living nearby so i prepared for war . 
  i heard about strategy that stealing workers from city is really important on emperor + difficulties . 
  i actually had n't thought about this so this was my first attempt doing so too . 
  i stole 2 workers and bam !, 
  -20 resting point for city states . 
  so , is this permanent or not ? 
  this heavily damages my attempt to win a diplomatic victory . 
  also , is diplomatic win a very good idea with tall empire ? 
  you do n't get so much science so . . 
  i dare you , do n't buy it . 
  because you are all conformists and you follow my rules like sheep . 
  holy hell . 
  even though i have been very sceptical about battlefield 4 , dice did amazing job . 
  commander is making a return , 5 man squads with an actual squad leader ( 6 would have been better but i 'll take this ) , map design has been improved massively , fights happening on multiple layers , actual sea combat . . 
  and the destruction . 
  my god the destruction . 
  they are finally managing to do that massive scale destruction . 
  when they shot down that pillar , it was impressive but after the skyscraper got shot down . . oh my goodness . 
  dice , you really nailed it this time . 
  [ yes , chinese speak english in bf4 . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/zjsykctgrnc?t=15s ), 
  am i the only one who is bothered by this ? 
  i want my soldiers speak their native languages , not just english !, 
  bf3 russian voice acting is just hilariously horrible . 
  i ca n't simply understand who though that it was a good idea to remove their native language . 
  the worst part about this is that they actually made russian voice acting for bf3 [ ( proof ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is1td21gwgo ) . 
  but you ca n't access it through in-game , you have to edit your files or own a russian copy of the game . 
  just bring the bad company 2 system back : americans speak english , russians speak russian . 
  you can change russians to speak english if you want to . 
  also , the best part about that was the russian voice actors actually made english acting by themselves !, 
  i would change dynamite tech . 
  artillery used in-game is prob . 
  [ m114 howitzer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m114_155mm_howitzer ) , which came in service in 1942 . 
  i simply ca n't understand why this is an industrial era weapon . 
  also , railroads are important part of industrial era , so why it is modern era tech ? 
  i would make it earlier tech . 
  i 'm also bothered how infantry is a modern era tech , while other ww2 units & techs are in the first section of atomic era . 
  also , because it is so close to great war infantry it almost makes it useless . 
  maybe move infantry to penicillin ? 
  i do n't know . 
  long post , prepare to read . 
  so , i have been playing red orchestra 2 and its stand-alone expansion , rising storm for a full month now . 
  and man i have fell in love with that game . 
  it does so many things better than battlefield , and dice should take a lesson from it . 
  now i am not saying dice should copy-paste every single thing from this game and put it into battlefield , but there are many details that should be changed in my opinion . 
  for those who do not know , red orchestra 2 is a pc exclusive hardcore ww2 shooter . 
  it is extremely brutal - one shot kills if you manage to hit critical spots of the body ( head , neck , organs , large veins . ), 
  it has many features which are included in battlefield such as squads , commander , similar game-mode , 32vs32 fights , tickets . 
  many people say that it 's a child of arma and battlefield - that is surprisingly accurate . 
  one of the things that red orchestra 2 does great is the commander mode . 
  [ here 's a picture of commander mode . 
  aerial recon is like a scan in bf2 , but every team member will see those enemy positions . 
  this is extremely important asset because you ca n't spot enemies the same way like in battlefield . 
  mortars , artillery and rockets are different type of strikes . 
  mortars are the weakest , but they are accurate , fast cooldown time and you have many mortar strikes . 
  artillery is more effective , but it takes longer time to deploy , less accurate and slower cooldown time . 
  also you have only few artillery barrages .
