  i already mentioned on my other comment that i accidentally added 5400 rpm hdd . 
  4 gb of ram is acceptable since you can upgrade that to 8gb later . 
  search for games that are named `` noobs only '' and such . 
  you can learn gameplay mechanics well that way and start to refine basic strategies that way . 
  in my opinion 1vs1 matches are the best way to learn since if you lose , it 's completely your own fault . 
  you can watch then replays and figure out what went wrong . 
  oh and do n't take defensively !, 
  assaulting a well-fortified position is stupid ( depending on the situation of course ) , so you should pretty much always attempt to figure out where enemies are at their weakest , and what units they have . 
  rule of thumb is that 1/5th of your forces should be recon . 
  you can also test enemy defences by doing a suicide run with low-point units , like with 5 point transports or even cheap helicopters . 
  if you encounter a lot of resistance , you know that the enemy is weaker somewhere else , and if you do n't counter anything , then you should simply move your units there and claim the area . 
  ** i 've seen too many cases where a player is too afraid to push into a clear area , and then enemy rolls in there like 15 minutes later . 
  vgchartz is a terrible place to compare pc sales to consoles since the site does n't take into account digital sales . 
  since pc mostly has the highest amount of consecutive players online and having only a fraction of the sales , it is hard to believe that those statistics are accurate . 
  just . . just stop . 
  if you are considering that pc communities revolve around casual shooter genres , then you are horribly mistaken . 
  so how are other pc titles doing ? 
  well , cs : go had around 480 thousand consecutive players online today . 
  dota 2 . . 800 thousand . league of legends ? 
  the last time i heard it had 32 million active players . 
  steam on the other hand has over 125 million active users , while ps4 has sold only a sixth of that ( which is still impressive nevertheless ) . 
  now i am not saying that playing bf : h on a ps4 is a bad idea , especially since the game is fairly fast-pased casual shooter , but what you are saying is just trash . 
  i suppose that vgcharts does n't have access to digital sales numbers . 
  steam does n't share their records , so it is only up to publishers/developers to say how much they have sold . 
  i can only assume that this is also the case with origin . 
  and if the numbers are nothing to brag about , why would they share them ? 
  p.s you should take physical records with a grain of salt as well . 
  they have had inaccurate statistics in the past . 
  it 's sort of like wikipedia - expect a bit worse . 
   this is not r/leagueoflegends . 
  this is about battlefield . 
  i told you that you should simply stop . 
  first you were talking about * communities * , now it 's all about battlefield ? 
  you should consider thinking before spitting words out of your mouth . . 
  so clearing up fallacies and stating your facts being incorrect is defined as butthurt ? 
  well , i suppose that people like to define certain words as they please . . 
  now , i was going to refute points with sources and such , but then i noticed your recent comment history that you are nothing but a pesky troll . 
  well , i hope that you 've had fun . 
  oh and let me give me your word about your epic meme trolling , since i 've had first-hand experience with it : it gets rather dull in a short period of time . 
  i honestly could see this being an inventory cleaning bet for a lot of people . 
  i am legitimately saying that people are keeping g2 in such a low regard since they beated both titan and virtus pro couple weeks ago . 
  yes , they were both bo1 's and the dust 2 was a weak map for vp , but in my opinion this polish team deserves slightly more than 6 % . 
  just bear that in mind when you are placing bets - these guys are n't some random greenhorns . 
  the thing is that the we really are n't the demographics for the game , since we vets like open warfare and such , things that made old battlefield titles great . 
  now i am not saying that the hardline is bad , but it just does n't have design values that we would appreciate . 
  and it really shows on sales figures : pc caps at about 25k consecutive players while ps4 and xbone both make it over 100k . 
  that is actually not true . 
  while 64 is certainly playable , i can assure you that in almost every match the 64 tickrate affected the outcome of a firefight since your/your opponent 's shots did n't register properly . 
  [ there are countless examples on youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6x8nhj-k8e ) about the case , and you could see the difference if you started to inspect your own demos . 
  this is very noticeable on enemies being airborne since afaik you are more likely to miss jumping enemies than to hit them . 
  and because of this you ca n't always be certain if you just sprayed poorly or the game screwed you over . 
  so basically , every time you see the character model appearing , it 's a hit on your client , meaning that you did hit the character in your own game . 
  that does n't necessarily mean that they registered by the server , and in this video most of his shot did n't . 
  [ more info in this video which also elaborates why jumping hitboxes are broken ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1lbltov1mg ), 
  absolutely not . 
  it has a piss-poor range ( 1525m ) , you ca n't hit jackshit with 30 % accuracy , especially when it combined with other abusmal values such as 8ap/3he and only 6rpm . 
  and other values are pretty much as bad as they can be . 
  so if you * really * want to have a cheap soviet tank that can reliably kill light vehicles and such , i recommend having bmp-685 , btr-70 zhalo ( from vehicle tab ) or 2s15 norov ( this is also in the vehicle tab . ), 
  i remember having a 0.25 kd back in the good ol' days . 
  now in bf4 i 'm doing well with my swell kd of 2.3 . 
  no thanks . 
  randomized appearances would make it harder to distinguish different classes , and i kinda want to figure out what i am dealing against . 
  and since battlefield is as unrealistic as it can be , why bother ? 
  well that sounds reasonable , and i could get behind that . 
  i thought that you were talking about uniforms , which i would have a problem with . 
  i really doubt that this was the case . 
  i mean , an actor is a professional who should not refuse doing what she 's told to do , especially since she 's accepted the assignment ( being a voice actress for a certain character ) . 
  but that theory may not be totally false since , well , [ lines for the romance romance already exist for femshep , at least partially . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ev7fbf12ody ) i have no idea why the romance was cancelled , but his theory is at least theoretically possible . 
  edit : there already is a line for garrus , and since he suggests that * it * already happened ( in me2 ) , it makes me a bit confused . 
  why would they do such lines if the romance did n't happen in me2 ? 
  hey , at least your su-22 's have awesome f&f tv missiles with 50 % accuracy and 30 ap damage !, 
  no , wait , this is not / r/wargame . 
   none of my decks have access to shock infantry, 
  then your decks are terrible . 
  shock infantry is pretty much mandatory in every single deck - without it you are in a massive disadvantage in city fights , and you will most likely lose them . 
  using all 5 slots for infantry is recommended . 
  what i usually bring up is 10 + 5 point line infantry for cannon fodder ( mandatory ) , manpads 5pt/heli ( mandatory ) , and then 2 cards of shocks/elites in 5pt and heli , and then the final card is some sort of ifv , line or shock infantry . 
  and making a rather standard shot with a sniper is n't what i 'd call `` some serious sniping skillz '' . 
  but hey , everybody is special , right ? 
  diggers '90 is where the shit is at . 
  it 's hands down the best line infantry unit since they have the minimi ( although j\u00e4ger / dragoner have more dps with only 10 points but you wreck them in a town fight since they have stat lmg 's ) . 
  you sure that it 's not / r/masserect ? 
  well , this is true in a situation where you have access to both line and shock/elite infantry , but if we were in a 1vs1 situation , diggers '90 could just get into mg3 's tile and wreak havoc . 
  but practically mg3 line infantry is better , i agree . 
  [ yes , they are pretty similar . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq7rv4prl6w ), 
  install windows to your mac . 
  or sell the mac and buy a windows-pc . 
  yes , the hover tank is based on stridsvagn 103 , aka s-tank . 
  exteriors are practically similar aside from the hovering mechanics . 
  so why did dice choose the s-tank ? 
  well , it is the only post ww2 tank with a fixed gun , giving it a lower profile thus making it an excellent defensive tank . 
  well today it is definitely obsolete , which is replaced by strv 121 and 122 , swedish variants of leopard 2a4 and 2a5 . 
  the s-tank is also swedish , so i can see that theres a bit of nationalistic pride , 
  oh you silly man , swedes do n't have their fallskr\u00e4msj\u00e4gare , they only have their kustj\u00e4gare !, 
  have you considered watching your demos , seeing what went wrong ? 
  occasionally you can see why your game failed if you see the game through your opponent 's eyes . 
  it definitely may help you . 
  let 's say that your push failed - why ?
