  do your best to beat opponents with a similar rank - those types of matches are the best as they should be relatively equal . 
  and once you play against an experienced player , do not hesitate and apply everything that you have learned . 
  do n't feel bad for losing either , just try and learn from every match . 
  getting your ass handed you is part of the game . 
  if you despise it then maybe this game , or the genre as a whole is n't for you . 
  oh and watching good players to play is highly recommended , as they do know their shit . 
  this definitely needs to be changed . 
  surely gang members would go to parole in real life , right ? 
  not that they have decent chances of passing it , but still . 
  and on top of that they do n't even go to death row appeal , and because of this you need to remove their gang member trait manually - you simply ca n't execute prisoners with 45 % clemency . 
  oh well , the game is still called alpha for a good reason . 
  i disagree with your statement . 
  the price difference between the planes can make a decisive difference in certain gamemodes , like in ranked for example . 
  the harrier also probably has a shorter reload time since it launches two missiles instead of four * ( yes the hornet fires faster but i mean the time it takes to refill after you have evac 'd ) , and two heat 30ap hits against a superheavy is enough to kill it . 
  also , you get two veteran planes instead of two rookie planes , which is a big bonus . 
  sa is n't bad on smaller games . 
  it takes a hefty amount of points to build a solid aa network , and you will get rekt if you invest on such things early on . 
  therefore it is n't dumb to buy cheaper sa planes who will survive a lone aa piece or two . 
  on bigger games tho i agree , you will be up against big aa networks so that the extra seconds granted by f&f are crucial . 
  well maybe not on 4vs4 either but on conquest 1vs1 tho . . you get 1000 points and +7 income . 
  for that money you need to buy enough ground troops so that you can win your opening engagements , fill all the possible flanking routes or do the flank yourself , preferably buy recon heli at the beginning to spot the enemy stuff ( this can save you vs heli rush ) , buy one or two extra cv 's at the beginning . . 
  you simply can not buy 200 + points worth of aa everywhere early on or the enemy will take the zones . 
  his sa planes are nearly as good as the f&f planes in the said situations . 
  your best bet against air is to bait him to kill your shitty stuff and gradually build the network . 
  and if he starts spamming planes is the moment when you buy the aa . 
  yes , it actually would be fun . 
  reading pace notes is a very important part of the rally , and developing your own notes is possible as there are n't universally accepted code for it . 
  in fact , what dirt rally uses is something specifically designed for the game - not that * super * accurate but it 's something that everyone can understand . 
  finland too . 
  and it would actually be quite unique nation as it has a balanced mix of both blufor and redfor units . 
  maybe the timeline would have to be stretched by few years to make it viable but hey , that applies to other nordic countries as well . 
  the naval stuff always makes me a bit salty . 
  it looks so superb and flashy in the trailers , but . . you know . 
  i 'm not an expert on the game , but i 'll give my two cents about the match . 
  tropic thunder :, 
  you did n't fast-move with your infantry to foxtrot , which was quite dumb . 
  you should have moved them at least fast-moved them behind the river and then go across it . 
  having wheeled vehicles for the job is even better . 
  no ground-based cv 's ? 
  you should always always always have a 100/110pt jeep cv in your deck - it 's cheap and you get many of them . 
  also for the love of god move your cv 's to cover . 
  if he spots them then he can possible take them quite easily out . 
  you should have refilled your ninja earlier , especially since you have a fob ( which is not recommended as fob 's cost 75pts in openers and you do n't need a lot of supplies anyway ) . 
  use shift to give multiple commands in a row , which definitely speeds up things . 
  move to fob -  land -  move back to frontline . 
  also works with other units . 
  i like how you poked his flanks . 
  good job . 
  you should have done it even more , though - the road to golf was free for pete 's sake !, 
  also , india had little to no resistance , you could have easily opened a corridor there and keep reinforcing it + cap the shit . 
  these zones are much more valuable than fox and echo , so if you can cap them and defend your own +2 's then you win the game . 
  this is what people in higher ranks do , they 're always attacking and defending zones which grant +2 . 
  do n't respect your opponent by assuming that he 's defending them , always keep pressuring him even if he has a higher rank than you do . 
  truth to be told that it was your opponent 's mistakes that let you win the game , not your good plays . 
  you may have pulled too many cv 's but he did n't exploit it - he should have just kept pushing as you had barely any troops on the ground . 
  the fact that he did n't push at all outside of +1 zones was just plain stupid . 
  also , he should have cut the bleed earlier - that costed him the game . 
  also , do n't pull heavy howitzers in ranked . . shit 's just too expensive for the job . 
  as i said , you had no troops on the ground , and if he had pushed you then he would have stomped you . 
  delta had , what , two haebyungs ? 
  bravo had nothing but a couple helis and charlie would have been capped if he had rolled over your single tank . 
  when you are losing you need ground troops , not artillery and aircraft . 
  i 'll watch the other demo as well , will edit , then . 
  okay , match number two . 
  same stuff really , keep poking with your transports - fast move them towards other zones or even main base . 
  this is good for not only scouting but also forces the enemy to invest shit to kill it if something passes by . 
  had you known that delta was free from fox or even bravo then you could have taken the stuff . 
  you did poke bravo but you had no aa unfortunately . 
  the holes eventually got filled tho , so you missed the window . 
  also , if you see a lot of shit echo , be aware that there is little to no stuff elsewhere . 
  abandoning a well-defended sector ai n't dumb if you can keep it isolated & you can capture a lot of other stuff . 
  taking bravo but abandoning fox would have been the right thing to do . 
  your opponent did the same mistakes too - did n't buy cv 's early on , did n't counter-cap quickly , played passive when he had the advantage , only focused on a single zone and did n't hold his flanks , buying a lot of artillery ( nope ) . 
  he could have recovered from the points if he had challenged your zones , but he just did n't . 
  his push to fox came way too late , and he should have gone for a beefy +2 instead of +1 . 
  hotel would have been his if flooded with enough ground stuff and/or using bombers wisely . 
  but then again you did a lot of the mistakes too - buying numerous , expensive planes - you need the ground stuff !, 
  160 points can give you a couple squads to hold foxtrot and a cheap aa piece or something . 
  also , if your planes get shot down by numerous aa pieces then you should take the hint and buy less air and more ground . 
  more aa always means that he has less non-support units . 
  so here 's the conclusion - do n't play for a tie , play to win the game !, 
  trying to capture nothing but `` your own zones '' will lose you the matches , as cv sniping is not that effective - it contributes to your score but it rarely wins the games alone . 
  neglecting your flanks and such will cause you to lose your zones , but on lower ranks this is something that does n't often happen . 
  at least you did hold your other flank decently and started pushing at some point , i 'll give you that . 
  but you could have done it earlier as pushing flanks is harder later as the enemy has probably reinforced it . 
  if you want to learn more then i highly recommend watching [ firestarter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucb1zkstpgygwgam67_jqhwq ) if you had n't already . 
  he is a very good player who plays and casts 1vs1 matches . 
  watching his content should give you some neat ideas on how to play the game - it helped me a lot as well and encouraged me to try out ranked . 
  never looked back after that , 
  imo upvetting the hornet is n't that bad of an idea . 
  atgm planes are your `` i need this shit killed now '' unit , and having them as a rookie can make them quite unreliable , even if you get 4 missiles - you need 2 hits with a hornet to kill anything above 18 armor . 
  also , us gets the longbow to hold off armored pushes , so you are n't totally screwed if your vetted hornet gets killed . 
  i made a blufor moto deck after losing numerous times due to lack of infantry & variety . 
  gon na lose my sweet k1 's , autocannon transports and some other goodies but i have high hopes for this deck . 
  thoughts :, 
  i 'm content with infantry , even tho i do kinda miss my canadian airborne . 
  there simply was n't room for it - there are better units to stun & kill infantry and better units to kill tanks in both forests and open range . 
  i keep most of my stuff downvetted as i am not sure whether i should upvet 'em or not . 
  and gongbuyng ? 
  well , this is unit is suited to ditch very high dps against enemy special forces , such as spetsnaz .
