  trac-5s has slightly more recoil ( correct me if i am wrong ) but you have access to all attachments , including underbarrel grenade launcher and shotgun . 
  jaguar however has almost none horizontal recoil and it has a beast hip-fire accurary . 
  you can slap advanced laser sight and it is even more beastly . 
  for mosquito , get flares . 
  you will always get a missile on your tail , and the flares will save you so many times that you ca n't even remember . 
  composite armor max level gives you only 5 % buff , but i think devs will buff this . 
  imo it 's still waste of certs . 
  i recommend getting dogfighter airframe , because you will dogfight in this game a lot . 
  for rotary , optics are not that relevant . 
  maybe in the night time you might have trouble seeing enemy aircraft , so get the infra-red . 
  reload time is waste for the rotary , since you already have so fast reload time . 
  but get extra ammo and capacity , as much as you want to spent . 
  for hellfires , i recommend getting thermals . 
  you can see enemies much better but you have less range . 
  ammo capacity is very valuable , you always want more rockets . 
  reload time is waste though , since it 's expensive and the max level has 4.3 seconds reload time , and the stock one is 5 seconds . 
  that 's just 0.7 seconds , if you spent it all . 
  nope , it 's working, 
  awesome, 
  it makes more cringe if you are finnish, 
  yes , i just made a successful report . 
  check his k/d ratio [ with this site . 
  ] ( http://www.planetside-universe.com/characters.php ) if he has 2 + and he has a low br , then you might become suspicious . 
  if he has 4 + then he is obviously a hacker . 
  low level guys usually do n't have access to good lib pilots and zephers . 
  if you are a noob and you get 1.5 k/d from very beginning , you are good . 
  you should add the medic repairing him . 
  how ? 
  it costs 200 certs , and from my experience a single c4 is not so effective . 
  i see . 
  i have single a c4 and i feel like that i am naked , and medical kit is more solid choice . 
  get the rotary . 
  it absolutely destroys the air and still does some damage ground targets . 
  do n't even bother buying banshee , that thing shoots only ping-pong balls which are only effective against infantry . 
  yes you can . 
  tf2 logic :, 
  bodyshot = noob, 
  headshot = hacker, 
  there 's a patch coming in 30th of january which will fix tons of problems it currently has . 
  also , if you are playing in eu join the miller server . 
  it has the biggest amount of players right now . 
  i 've heard that other servers have low pop and they are boring to play . 
  we already have them . . ? 
  you should 've trialed the weapon first . 
  oh well , you wasted only 130 certs . 
  atleast you wo n't do the same mistake again . 
  it should be multi-class , because med kits are multi-class . 
  squad leaders can place their waypoints too , which are shown to the whole squad . 
  this game is not pay2win but if you spend some money to vehicle weapons , you gain huge advantage . 
  - stock lightning gun sucks , i 'm sure we can agree with this . 
  - if you do n't have rocket pods or a2a missile with your esf , you have a huge disadvantage . 
  - shredder is useless unless you have a good pilot , you work together and your aim is really , really good . 
  because smedleys ferrari does n't run with community praises . 
  i do n't understand how you say that a2a missiles are impossible to dodge . 
  after this patch i was against a skilled scythe pilot . 
  i shot two a2a missiles in a row , and he dodged them both easily . 
  then i got pissed off and i changed to rotary and shot him down . 
  then i saw another scythe pilot and he did the same trick . 
  this time he was better . 
  he first dodged my missile , then he turned and started to face me . 
  then he unloaded his hailstorm . 
  i tried to take him with my rotary but it was too late . \u00a8, 
  i hate my a2a missiles . 
  i could 've taken down enemy esf if i used rotary . 
  you should join the glorious [ r/pcmasterrace ] ( http://reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace ) !, 
  report them from support ticket . 
  that 's all what you can do . 
  then wait for server merging , soe does listen our feedback , so i am sure that servers will get merged soon . 
  [ speaking of inhumans . . ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-va-lpdhgpu0/tpkgelbhrii/aaaaaaaaalw/msq9jq00zem/s1600/mhdjc.jpg ), 
  when the missile was right about to hit , they turned their tail with amazing timing . 
  it seemed like it was very easy . 
  i live in finland , and fuck , i will watch it . 
  2am in the morning , i must go to sleep very early tomorrow . 
  so you are suggesting [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma4me_ypzei ) piece of shit to vs ? 
  ooh , i like that armada song !, 
  i think this is coming with jan. 30th patch, 
  it could be 349 . . 
  i have reported many hackers and they 've been banned . 
  i can send you images if you need proof . 
  we can agree that using cheat codes and playing games like . . san andreas is fun . 
  but it gets very boring fast . 
  but in mp games it is wrong in every aspect . 
  unless you use hacks to bust other hackers . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aj81ihi.png ) are screenshots of support tickets that i opened . 
  here are the hackers . 
  notice the last login and the report date . 
  there are some cases that are unbanned . 
  maybe they were n't hackers after all , or soe somehow forgave them . 
  i do n't know how this game can be used in mlg, 
  btw smedley , why does n't your ferrari run with community praises ? 
  so . . is this part of their six-month plan ? 
  sounds amazing !, 
  nope , i 've seen other youtube video ( s ), 
  sorry , you get nothing :|, 
  oh my god why this has n't been working for 45 minutes, 
  well damn . 
  fuck you soe . 
  i woke up at 1:30 am here in finland so i could watch this bloody stream and not miss anything about the glorious moment of planetside 2 history . 
  what did i get ? 
  it 's now 3am , i am very tired and pissed , and the stream is still not working .
