  that 50p t-55 with 70acc ( 17ap ? ), 
  2275m is just too ridiculous , no way that it 's final . 
  23ap with 70 accuracy . 
  you get 3325m anti-helo ( wheeled ! ), 
  which eblock does n't have , coupled with 3500m plane range . 
  i would say spike with fast speed + 60 % acc is a better choice than konkurs m. 
  the artillery piece that fdf gets seemed like a decent choice . 
  as for mi-24p and su-25k . . 
  i suppose they are decent choices , but nothing mandatory . 
  no problem losing em . 
  not really fan of 2-man sniper teams either . 
  losing murderschutzen is a big deal tho , but i suppose this is what differentiates eblock and new coalition . 
  same for ags-17 to some degree . 
  finland would make toast from anzac . 
  finland has heavy tanks , anzac gets a 55pt leopard . 
  anzac has piss-poor aa , and not even proper asf 's . 
  does anzac even get fire support ? 
  do mg 's count ? 
  what about at , cg m2 and milan 2 ? 
  maybe in a town-heavy map anzac could have a slight edge , just maybe . 
  other than that it 's not even a competition . 
  iq main here . 
  i sweep the perimeter before breaching , including j\u00e4ger turrets . 
  oh and her pistol does a surprising amount of damage . 
  well , he 's a conscript . 
  most people choose to do 6 months in the army and just be done with it rather than spend a whole year in civil service . 
  good system for getting the numbers when you have a low population and a long border shared with mother russia , but the quality of the troops may vary . 
  did you know that tooth decay kills 2 million people in the uk annually ? 
  [ wargame : red dragon . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/nspjzl2emizx.jpg ) we have this joyful little community here . 
  i do n't think hacks like these improve your performance by * that * much . 
  if your positioning and communication is shit then i doubt you could reach master with this , or even diamond . 
  of course it helps you by some degree , but aim is relatively small part of overwatch . 
  heck , even blatant hackers are defeatable , which is practically impossible in games like counter strike . 
  but hack like this surely helps some people to achieve top 500 , players that are decent but not good enough to be at the top . 
  edit : no , i do not justify hacking . 
  they all deserve to be banned . 
  i 'm just pointing out that defeating one is much easier than in other shooters since aim alone does n't determine how good you are in the game . 
  you ca n't carry the game with aim alone every single time , ttk in this game just makes it impossible . 
  play against professionals with wallhack and instalocks in cs and you win , try that in ow and you 'd still likely lose . 
  you can protect yourself against aimbots with tanks , focus on the hacker and take him down quickly . 
  you have your own wallhack abilities , and knowing enemy location is n't as important as it 's in games like cs . 
  of course , if you and him are equally good in positioning and communication , then he obviously has the advantage . 
  i presume that the hackers instantly locked to the head . 
  with those types of hack achieving grandmaster is easy , the dps is insane . 
   young ana fucked from behind , pov angle in comments [ fxm ], 
  he probably was talking about those `` taxes are rape , poor people are lazy , we 're not living in true capitalism '' - libertarians , not you . 
  i joined a random game , and it was reaper gold . 
  the game somehow bugged , and enemies could n't kill me , even if they instakilled me . . 
  started recording at wave 9 , and decided to play around like i was krogan on bronze . 
  then , i spent sometime on editing and got this :, 
  anybody have ever glitches like this ? 
  first of all , i am 15 years old and from finland , and i am an atheist . 
  i was driving with bicycle at town , buying new tire for my bike . 
  then suddenly , some guy who speaked english , stopped me . 
  he asked do i speak english and handed me a piece of paper about car crash and christianity , which was written in finnish . 
  he asked , is this well translated . 
  i checked it , read it for some time , and it was well translated . 
  i told him i could n't do it any better . 
  then he thanked me , and asked me , do i believe in god . 
  i was like `` not this guy '' . 
  i answered politely that i do not believe in god , because there is not good evidence , but i have nothing against people in faith . 
  then , he told me that he used to be atheist too , but then he saw visions about hell ( which is obviously bullshit ) , there are people with twisted teeth and there 's nothing good about that place . 
  and only people who do n't believe in god will end there . 
  i told him i take my chances . 
  then he compared faith to gravity . 
  if you jump from roof and do n't believe in gravity , you will fall down and break bones . 
  he said it 's the same thing with god . 
  if you do n't believe in him , you will end up in hell . 
  at this time , i was really pissed off and wanted to tell how bad things religious people have done , like wars and everything . 
  but i kept my head calm and let him keep talking . 
  he asked me , have i ever read bible , and answered the truth , yes i have . 
  he said do you believe in any part of it ? 
  i told him some parts of it might be base on truth , but it just ca n't be truth . 
  i was really pissed off that point , and almost decided to tell him how unicorn and god are the same thing : only true evidence is found in book and stories from mouth to mouth . 
  then he asked my name and asked , should we pray for me . 
  at this point he made me so mad and almost told how stupid he is by trying to turn people and children to faith , by telling lies on streets . 
  i really simply said `` no '' , because my parents are not christians too , and i simply believe praying is not for me . 
  i told him i was busy and i should go . 
  he said me okay , and asked me to read more bible , and study it . 
  i drew behind the corner and just could n't stop laughing . 
  any thoughts about this ? 
  what happens if i sell legion to cerberus ? 
  i know i would get 50k credits , but what about the consequences ? 
  who will replace legion , same geth vi who says all the time `` we are not legion '' ? 
  peace is obviosly not possible . 
  also , i know legion will show up at cronos station as nemesis-reskin . 
  while i was doing push from fob to beam , my femshep was called many times `` sir '' instead of `` ma'am '' . 
  this proves how little time bioware had to finish details in the final mission, 
  if you want to watch only important part , watch beginning , skip to 4:20 , and 8:00 . 
  remember to read description !, 
  - also , he forgot to kill zaeed, 
  10 minutes is the longest playtime so far i 've played , after this patch . 
  also , i 'm playing eu 01 if anybody is interested . 
  since the bioware announced the omega dlc earlier and now they announced collector mp dlc , i think it makes kinda sense that they would add it to omega too . 
  and because the omega is originally from me2 and collectors are the main enemy in that game , it would be such a waste to not use collectors in it . 
  of course , the plot hole should then be explained why there are still collectors left . 
  i 'd be also really happy to see collectors , especially because of harbinger  any thoughts about this ? 
  i mean , servers are always full while us servers are in `` medium '' . . 
  show some love to eu players !,
