  you could remove the aa piece to free some point . 
  tank tab is fine . 
  m1992 is n't that good , imo you should remove it . 
  maybe add some cheap recon vehicles ? 
  hmm . 
  a second card of ptz-89 's can become handy against tank spam ( which does n't happen that often , but still ) . 
  wz-551 is also worth considering even tho it 's overpriced . 
  upvet the mi-25 . 
  plane tab is fine too . 
  i prefer the su-25k over it but the q-5d is a very solid choice nonetheless . 
  if you are n't a veteran you are n't a true cs player , only more experienced can be considered legimitate / s, 
  just because he is an insanely good player does n't necessarily mean that he has n't cheated . 
  the cheats would n't give that big of an advantage at that level in any case , you would have to be a superb player anyway to be able to compete at that level ( which flusha is ) . 
  my opinion on the matter ? 
  well , the footage is a bit suspicious , but it was n't a smoking gun by any means , so he probably was n't cheating . 
  nonetheless i am a bit suspicious but i consider him being innocent until proven otherwise . 
  ye but in-game is one with the regular model from the 1980 's lel . 
  speaking of obsolete shit i find silly how the attack jets are still in the game . 
  these planes were developed from mid-1960 's to late 1970 's . 
  these planes would have no role in a 2020 conflict between major powers as f-35 is designed to replace a-10 , q-5 was retired by pakistani army 4 years back , tunguska ( from mid 70 's ) was developed to counter nato attack planes like a-10 , and it was bloody effective at it . 
  sure , the bf4 is an arcade game through it 's teeth but i really do n't think that these planes should be included - they are just too unfitting . 
  sure you have some silly weapons but in many cases they 're not effective at all . 
  block 15 is my favourite as it 's excellent for ranked . 
  they 're not too expensive , you get a pair of elites and 2 missiles do at least 10 damage . 
  it can kill 1 asf or even two attack planes reliably . 
  actually , there is a simple solution . 
  valve needs to remove the message box . 
  eh , i dunno about that . 
  i personally do not see that many advertisers when i am playing outside of the box . 
  sure , there are ads on the internet but there 's an adblock for that matter . 
  like it or not the children are a major graphics for this game . 
  that and they ca n't visit the local casino so they will have to resort to shady sites like these . 
  not to mention many , if not most of them are not aware of the risks of gambling . . 
  superheavies are the meta in team games , as they are extremely hard to destroy by land stuff if they are micro 'd well . 
  your 120pt tanks stand no chance against them . 
  play sovkor instead of ussr as they get six superheavies , making them the best armored deck in the game by far . 
  the only thing that comes close is scandinavia or sweden , but even then their superheavies are n't quite on-par with t-90 's . 
  patton made very good videos about how you should build your sovkor armored . 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvxqutgb-vc ) the videos are lengthy but it 's worth it if you have some time . 
  the thing about heavies is that their price-point is just too odd - they are not good enough to deal with superheavies and they are too expensive to be brought alone . 
  two ~ 100-120 point tanks are always at a disadvantage versus superheavies . 
  sure , if you get them close you get a chance ( as each 175m shortened gives you one extra ap one ke guns ) , but decent players can protect their superheavies in a way that it does n't happen . 
  so how the tank meta goes is this : superheavies ( 180-160pt ) are a must for big games ( 3vs3 + ) . 
  medium tanks ( 50-60pt ) must be included included in every single deck , the ones with very good guns but about ~ 10 armor which can take a single hit or two . 
  these are excellent at killing everything but 20 + points more expensive tanks . 
  redfor variants usually have more armor but a lot worse gun . 
  medium-heavies ( 70-90pt ) are extremely useful as well . 
  these units are used like regular mediums but they can take a lot more punishment . 
  in smaller games these are your ideal units to be used in pushes . 
  anything less than 50pt is more often than not absolute shite with less than 40 % accuracy guns ( there are exceptions ) , and 100-150pt tanks have a plain disadvantage against superheavies . 
  they do have some uses tho , but it 's a mixed bag . 
  i tried . . 
  you mentioned that you prefer 1vs1-4vs4 . 
  for 1vs1 's and even 2vs2 's this deck is not that great as the nk units mostly are n't good . 
  for these decks i highly recommend playing sovkor instead as you do n't get enough decent soviet units . 
  red dragons is another excellent choice too , if not better . 
  for bigger games tho i can see the this deck being useful if backed by 3 proper coalitions/countries - triple b5 's , a massive amount of carbine infantry . . all that good stuff . 
  however , your deck has a room for improvement if you wish to continue this line . 
  first off , remove wz701 and add jeep cv . 
  not enough armor to justify the price , and it 's slow . 
  removing mi-4 is also an options to free some points , but if you need it then go for it . 
  remove gongbobyong and fagot . 
  they simply do n't deal enough damage to be considered dangerous & have poor accuracy - these units are n't good by any means . 
  add one card of either yuckjeondae '90 or jeogockae '90 - they are both excellent , one gets slightly less dps , gets panicked more easily but comes with more hp and availability . 
  i recommend getting for some cost-efficiency . 
  for the second card you could get either another card of yuck/jeogockae , maybe even in helos , or a card of flamethrowers - they do excellent damage for their price . 
  also , moving your bochongsus to aa transports is an options , but that ai n't my cup of tea . 
  imo remove vtt-323 igla and add pongae 3 instead . 
  the missiles are simply a lot better & the gun on vtt ai n't that good . 
  downvetting m1992 is an option . 
  spaags do n't rely on accuracy as much as missiles do . 
  also , add shilka to your deck , which is one of the best spaags in the game - a hard counter against heli spam & rushes . 
  you can remove the pongae 2 ( not very good , you can rely on your asf 's for long-range aa ) or the bm-21 ( cheap rocket arty is n't that good , or rocket artillery generally speaking for that matter . ), 
  you can also remove both of these and add koksan - a cost-efficient sniping artillery , which is nice . 
  recon and tank tabs are on of the primary reasons why solo nk sucks . . there 's just not that many options . 
  sure , t-90s sucks but the rest of the nk tanks are just vastly inferior to soviet/chinese variants . 
  sinhung is an exception tho , very good for only 25 points . 
  consider it . 
  the recon tab is even worse as china gets excellent recon tanks , good infantry and ussr gets superb ka-52 , infamous spetsnaz gru 's and some other neat options . 
  you could improve your tab by adding the m1992 and removing one type 63 or both if you put one sniper team on wheels . 
  nonetheless it 's still one of the worst recon tabs in the game . 
  for vehicle tab you could add ats-103 , which is a decent tank destroyer . 
  adding the zsu-57-2 is also an option , but imo the shilkas are just a lot better spawn protectors . 
  also the littlebirds with grenade launchers are pretty good . 
  so yeah , i still stand behind my words even tho i have been downvoted to oblivion - nk sucks . 
  in 3vs3 + it can be useful for the sheer quantity it brings but i just find it quite niche role to fulfill . 
  playing in smaller games just is n't worth it , unless you specifically want some extra challenge ( like that pepsi dude ) , which is fine in my opinion . 
  allu is n't the problem with nip . 
  sure , he had a poor performance in the tournament but swapping him would n't solve the issues . 
  nip is still playing very predictably , and their tactics are quite trivial compared to other top teams . 
  that and they are constantly losing all the aim duels . 
  they have n't evolved at all as a team and thus having poor results . 
  generally speaking the game is worth getting . 
  the game is getting hell of a lot new content & updates to improve the game - it was a travesty when it was launched but now the game is on good condition . 
  you may want to try the game on origin gametime before you make up your mind . 
  that 's one week of free time before you need to buy the game . 
  and if you happen to buy the game . . well , let 's just say that getting premium is worth it if you intend to play the game for a long time . 
  the normal game gets a bit stale after a few dozen hours or so . 
  [ i went even further .
