  you do n't have to swap your phone annually , use it until it breaks . 
  and buying perfectly fine second-hand items is better than getting new ones . 
  but at the end , it does n't really matter how much you personally pollute . 
  few tons of co2 is marginal , and that airplane or cruise liner is going to do its trip whether you ordered your tickets or not . 
  the whole infrastructure and economical system must completely change in order to get emissions to acceptable levels . 
  fdf youtube page is a pretty good source for that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyotcnjyzz8 ), 
  if you 're struggling against these heroes then maybe you should try them out . 
  playing with them should give you an insight on their weaknesses , and that way you can learn how to counter them . 
  yes , people must accept the fact that the standard of living , whether it would be under capitalism or socialism , must drop drastically if we 'd be serious about saving the environment . 
  recycling , banning plastic bags and using electric cars just is n't even remotely enough . 
  the consumption must go down drastically , things that we take for granted such as air travel and the consumption of beef and other highly-pollutant foodstuff must be stopped . 
  we either do that and have a chance to save the planet , or we keep on our track to a nightmare within decades . 
  and most people have no idea how bad it 's going to be . 
  i agree , greens and reds should unite in this regard . 
  growth for the sake of growth is an ideology of cancer , and we 're not going to halt the upcoming collapse under capitalism . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/enoughlibertarianspam/comments/4yw4k4/short_compilation_of_my_favorite_gary_johnson_ama/ ), 
  so what do i mean by standard of living ? 
  basically in capitalist terms what we own makes us happy , which is * somewhat * close to the truth in my opinion . 
  we must give up on many , if not most products until we find clean alternatives for them . 
  but here 's the thing . . almost everything that we use require pollution . 
  [ even making clean energy requires massive amount of co2 emissions ] ( http://www.theenergycollective.com/robertwilson190/344771/can-you-make-wind-turbine-without-fossil-fuels ) due to materials . 
  heavy machinery that dig up the stuff ca n't really run on electricity , the creation of steel and concrete create enormous amount of emissions . 
  maybe it is possible to create carbon negative concrete in an industrial scale in the future ( google that ) , but there really are n't alternatives for steel in the near future . 
  and that 's just the materials . 
  creating products also require immense amounts of energy . 
  yes , that tesla requires materials and energy to be produced . 
  this applies to practically all products and goods . 
  how about food ? 
  if we could eliminate meat , food grown from the other side of the world and move to a diet that mostly consists locally-produced stuff ( without energy-intensive greenhouses ) , we would see a significant drop in emissions . 
  however , the food still needs to be farmed and harvested with heavy machinery that rely on polluting energy and materials . 
  same applies to transportation and storage . 
  the bottom line here is that we can massive reduce our carbon footprint , but it will have an effect on our lives . 
  meatless food that is locally produced would make our diets a lot less versatile . 
  products require materials and energy , and these will create emissions no matter what . 
  cutting them to bare minimum and choosing nearly carbon-free alternatives would arguably drop our standard of living , but that 's what we 'll have to do . 
  but at the end though , even at the best-case scenario we would still be creating emissions . 
  and there 's already too much greenhouse gases in the atmosphere . 
  we need to go carbon-negative , create technology that would capture the carbon and store it permanently . 
  the existing technology is n't there yet , it is n't something that would make the removal possible in a massive scale . 
  there 's hundreds of gigatons of excess greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , and even with the right technology we would have to invest so much resources in creating facilities that we would basically live in a war-time economy , everything being rationed . 
  anyway , maybe i have blabbered too much . 
  but if we do n't manage to stop ( and reduce ) the amount of gases in the atmosphere , we 're heading for a 4 \u00b0 c + scenario , which would be game over for mankind . 
  you can google yourself for more details . 
  some say that it 's already too late to stop that , but maybe if we make large cuts to the standard of living and with right technology we could pull it off . 
  firstly people must accept the fact that the climate change endangers our very existence , and i hope this awakening happens in very-near future . 
  ] ( http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/antirumgon ) viinaralli ei tunne aurinkokuntamme rajoja . . 
  trump would tell how climate change wo n't impact our lives , and trying to solve the problem would hurt the economy ( true ) , so we must n't do anything about it . 
  clinton would just call him out for his bs and tell how her renewable energy plans would set us on our path to stop the climate change ( obviously this is n't even remotely enough ) . 
  let 's hope that in the next election american people wake the fuck up about climate change and vote a president that would actually do something about it . 
  and yes , i do know that it would require changing our lifestyles completely and have carbon capture tech that would work on the scale that we need . 
  it was actually me who started spreading this 2143 rumor . 
  or someone posted the rumor on this sub , and i posted it forward on / r/games . 
  the post got a fair amount of upvotes , and that 's arguably how the rumor thing exploded . 
  i totally fell for it which probably should n't have happened , but at least it generated a fair amount of discussion . 
  looking back at the video though , i just laugh how people really thought that ww1 was nothing but dull trench warfare . 
  okay , the game has arguably taken some liberties , but so has every single bf game . 
  nobody would be running around headlessly in the first place , and certainly with weapons like bow . 
  nip proved that triple tank is viable even before the zen nerf , but after the patch the strategy truly became the thing . 
  [ life matters for only 9 months . 
  ] ( http://www.secondjourneys.co/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/gop+hypocrisy.jpg ), 
  [ judaism intensifies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyflm3pzhuk ), 
  we ca n't say for certain that this is legit tho . . people have done very convincing fake leaks in the past as well . 
  there 's a difference between doing very bad damage and doing apocalyptic damage . 
  i hope by 2020 we 'd still have time to prevent latter scenario . 
  `` during my presidency i will refuse to take the last chance to prevent catastrophic climate change . '', 
  [ when our food supply goes to shit and we lose vital coastlines with the infrastructure in them . . ] ( http://blog.comparemysolar.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/climate-change-map-new-scientist-2009.jpg ), 
  let 's just say that people will rather fight than starve . 
  fun times ahead !, 
  peli on ohi , paska tiimi , otanpa symmetran . 
   hurtta clegane, 
  i actually kept noting that unironically ; _ ;, 
   innovaatio, 
  [ and they surely look impressive !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgr5unsn0cg&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=3m50s ), 
  i did notice many mercies trying to run away helplessly from greedy genjis/tracers . 
  i tried to give a hint that your sidearm does 200dps on paper , and with enough practice you can reliably kill those flankers or force them to flee . . 
  . . which has now become a circlejerk , and i 'm possibly the biggest reason for it . 
  it seems it barely broke the record . 
  perhaps this month will finally end the streak ? 
  i am what you might call an alarmist , but i can shed some light on the issue . 
  co2 absorbs infrared radiation , i.e traps heat . 
  this is obviously a vital gas for our ecosystem as plants use it for photosynthesis , and getting rid of it all would be insane . 
  the problem is that we have released too much of it into the atmosphere , from 250 ppm ( particles per million ) from pre-industrial times to 400ppm . 
  [ we have n't had such levels of co2 in hundreds of thousands of years . 
  ] ( http://static.skepticalscience.com/graphics/co2_history_1024.jpg ), 
  so why is it bad ? 
  well , the rise in temperature would be too quick for the nature to adapt . 
  evolution happens on a scale of hundreds of thousands years , and species moving to new habitats takes also a longer time than what we currently experience . 
  also , there are 7,4 billion humans on the planet , and at current projections we are losing tremendous amount of farmland to drought , so there 's a great risk that many areas on the world face starvation . 
  from what i 've gathered the safe level is below 350ppm , so we need to remove more than 50 ppm from current levels . 
  and that 's a lot carbon as each ppm of co2 weights 7,81 gigatonnes ( 7 810\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 kilograms ) . 
  i was wondering how bastion is related to tf2 in any form , but then i really started to think about him and heavy . . 
  gatling gun , very high dps when on slow-speed mode , transition time when changing modes , ability to heal , both of them are * kinda * tanks . . 
  they are similar even though they 're so different . 
  maybe if bastion could change to turret form faster he 'd actually played out like heavy ? 
  so , 45 mins ? 
  i wholeheartedly agree on how much energy we waste , and how it is tied to capitalism . 
  here in finland it is pretty much a custom to get alcohol from estonia due to lower tax rate . 
  you can get into a cruise for like 20 bucks , and you can bring hundreds of cans of alcohol with you , which can save you shitton of money as the price for these drinks are usually less than half than what you 'd buy from finland .
