  it was . . it was like both teams were playing some pool over dozen bucks while they were both drunk and they just did n't give a damn about their sloppy mistakes ; the main thing was to have fun and who cares if you lose some petty pennies . 
  map design from bc2 ? 
  well , if you want to make rush maps then yes , but if you want good conquest stuff then bf2 is definitely way to go . 
  in my opinion panama canal was n't anything special . 
  sure , it was pretty good but so was almost every single bf2 map . 
  it was n't even closely on the level that strike at karkand , dragon valley or road to jalalabad was . 
  i think that the biggest problem with post-2142 bf map has been the lack of conquest : assault gamemode . 
  if you capture a flag in standard conquest it 's pretty irrelevant ; it almost feels like a giant deathmatch . 
  in conquest : assault however capturing a flag close to enemy main or the main itself forces enemy team to quicky respond or make them lose their assets . 
  also in conquest : assault if your team was clearly dominant then you did n't have to rape their base since you just could push in and wrap things up . 
  play leviathan dlc . 
  we call this tactical superiority . 
  so i can kill stuff , entrench * and * make potato salad with a same tool ? 
  damn , i need one of those . 
  that comment may have been relevant 2 years ago . 
  seriously , if you have n't played all 3 games yet then you should avoid browsing this subreddit ; the vast majority have played them all so i do n't see a point using spoiler tags etc. 
  * are you ready to be a woman ? 
  maybe that 's because he has a vagina in his face . 
  that 's possible . . but if these stickers are different than katowice stickers then the price could actually raise . 
  now we only need teams that can compete in the highest level . 
  i 'm not saying that encore is but it 's fairly obvious that they 're not as good as nip or dignitas for example . 
  and they did n't show any love for tali . 
  no wonder they spent only 15 minutes in photoshop to create her face . 
  assholes . 
  well i could accept that if they decided to not show her face at all . . but ` shopping a human face felt opprobrious , almost like they simply did n't bother to commit their resources on creating a proper 3d model for her . 
  well i dunno . 
  maybe the guy who came up with this idea thought that it was a good idea , especially with the romance and everything . 
  everybody is playing on same servers unless i am completely mistaken . 
  and i thought that my old 7300se was bad . . 
  ahh , one of these spinning assholes who quit after losing couple rounds . . 
  i had one of them on dust 2 as ct when the game was 1-4 . 
  he said that it 's just a shit team but he was far from anything what i 'd consider `` good '' . 
  he was just one of those people who think they 're good but always think that they have a bad team . 
  oh well , keep up the good work reporting these guys . 
  i 'm entering the giveaway, 
  to put it bluntly , no . 
  i 've seen some people who 've open hundreds of cases without getting a single knife . 
  at that point you would need to open something like st fade karambit to get your money back . 
  so no , do n't do it , unless you want to throw some money for lottery tickets . 
  you might get lucky and open [ 3 knives in a row ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mifbsgngkdy ) but you will most likely get some nice galil sandstorms and 5-7 kamis . 
  now , only if we had ~ ~ proper mod tools ~ ~ mod tools in the first place instead of running around with bloody knives & stock models . . * sigh *, 
  yeah , most of them were just flashy shots and heavy editing . . and how on earth can you call that cruise missile thingy `` a stunt '' ? 
  [ now this masterpiece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip6fl9fkey8 ) is what i call proper stunting . 
  old but gold !, 
  i 'd like to have wargame : european escalation . 
  i 've had some interests to try out this particular franchise but i 've just never done it . 
  well , it wo n't be as severe as before since it 's 50 % off instead of that old usual 75 % . 
  it 's called shitty textures . 
  i hated the mako but the concept was pretty good - if they actually make the new mako enjoyable to drive + landscapes are worthy of exploring , it could actually be pretty amazing . 
  i second this . 
  even though that the game is pretty simple when compared to cod or bf , it is far more difficult to master . 
  recoil control , movement , teamwork , learning maps & grenade spots . . not to mention specializing on different playstyles , fulfilling your role in a team . 
  matchmaking system will usually make fights fair so . . give it a try op !, 
  phoenix is the most overused faction ? 
  ehh , i dunno . . when we look at competitive maps there are only 2 maps where they appear : cache and overpass , which are not definitely not the most popular ones . 
  but i do agree with you that there should be more faction variety . 
  professional and anarchist models are apparently bad due to their backbags , so it 'd be better if valve would remake their models instead of ditching them out of sight . 
  yeah in that sense phoenix connection is the most popular one but if we look at map popularity , it 's elite crew . 
  dust 2 alone is being played 50 % of the time if i recall correctly and they 're also in mirage . . yeah . 
  i think that on ct-side the problem is even worse ; swat , gsg-9 , fbi and st6 make barely any appearances ( in terms of map popularity ) while sas takes all maps from 2nd to 4th . 
  and the bag thingy does n't make a difference from me either but for those competitive players it 's understandable . 
  64 ticks prob . 
  banishes the problem anyway because many times your shots wo n't kinect even though that you did n't miss . 
  here 's my take on this ;, 
  if you fight long enough in your 5-man premade against players with equal skill , you will eventually end up fighting against players who have better skill but are beatable due to your teamwork and communication . 
  this way your matches will stay somewhat balanced . 
  source : was mge at solo , made it to eagle in premade , started soloing again , dropped back to dmg and now stuck with it . 
  i have some russians friends on steam with minimal english skills , and most of them believe what russian media sources are telling . 
  ukraine is being led by fascist junta , jews are being persecuted , mh17 was shot down by ukraine . . you get the idea . 
  now some of them are more rational about the subject while some of them are . . are not . 
  one of my friends actually asked me how western media handled the situation . 
  well , i explained how things are here and he kinda did n't believed it ; he did n't say that it was all western propaganda but i kinda figured out his thoughts . 
  after all i too believe that their news are all russian propaganda . 
  the conversation was pretty difficult since he did n't speak english at all and he completely relied on google translate . 
  we started linking each other some news sources about the subject and his news did n't have valid sources pretty much at all . 
  the process was kinda frustrating for both of us and we could n't convince each other about our viewpoints . 
  anyway , it seems like the majority of russians do n't seem to be very talkative about politics , especially about the ones which bring russia and putin to a bad light . 
  your thoughts on upgrading your pistol to p250/cz when you do a full non-awp buy ? 
  sure , spending extra $ 300 each buy round may not sound a lot but let 's say that if you do a full buy 10 times in each half , it costs extra $ 3k . 
  that extra money can be crucial for those extra smokes in my opinion . 
  however , this pistol has saved me couple times in retake situations , where a ct is pushing in or i absolutely must push in as a ct if i ~ ~ need ~ ~ want to defuse . 
  i do n't see many pros doing this because they either need that money or they just land their shots well , but what 's your take on this ? 
  do you want to know how i pretty much skyrocketed ( like in 15 games ) from gold nova 2 to master guardian elite ? 
  ** disable mouse acceleration ** and bring your sensitivity down . 
  apparently i knew how to play the game and i though for like 180 hours that i had disabled this particular setting . . but no . 
  after i disabled it i started mowing guys down like there was no tomorrow . 
  it felt like i was goku from dbz ans i was training in those superheavy clothes . 
  sure , you may have already disabled it or it may not work for you , but you should definitely go for it . 
  oh , okay then . 
  keep playing on then i guess . . in 2 months you should definitely be able to get mg1 . 
  and watch some professional matches , that was one of the biggest reasons why i became good even though i played with gash players . 
  oh boy , here comes the daily thread about romancing . . 
  jesus , we really need that sequel , do n't we ? 
  in the other hand you change * everybody * without asking their permission so i really do n't know if it 's the paragon ending . 
  and i really doubt that shepard took control of reapers just because he had a lust for power . 
  go for the complete edition . 
  vanilla game is really good and the dlc adds a lot of honey on top of that , but the real cake of the complete edition is the [ long war ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/xcom/mods/88/ ? ), 
  it basically adds a ton of depth to the game , making it longer , deeper , more complex and brutal experience . 
  even the lead designer of xcom : enemy unknown has been praising this particular mod . 
  you should absolutely try it out once you have played the base game ( with dlc ) one or two times and enjoyed it .
