as you know , when the harbinger hits you with a beam , you can see around you bodypiles of kaidan and ashley . 
  i 've never seen anyone else proving that the bodypiles exist before the harbinger hits you . 
  this is just one piece that prooves the indoctrination theory wrong , but there 's still just way too much evidence that indoctrination theory is true , and i still believe to it . 
  here 's an interesting theory , but does n't seem very legit to me - but could be plausible because of all evidence, 
  the reapers are the beings of light , protecting organics by harvesting them , not getting too advanced , so the machine devils ( unknown ) , who hate organics , do n't get their attention . 
  if this all true ( but i doubt it ) , could be a possible start for me4, 
  that 's me when i have huge constipation, 
  almost as good as rendezook, 
  i actually liked this ending . 
  i actually hoped that there would be that an ending where shepard fails to stop the reapers , just like shepard could die in suicide mission . 
  glad that bioware added it . 
  haters gon na hate , but if you came to this ending , you can blame yourself . 
  do n't shoot that anything moves or do n't be a douche who resurrect all choices, 
  `` how about pain '', 
  so be it, 
  it does , the ships are escaping the crucible . 
  also , relays will explode completely , worse than in original ending, 
  what ? 
  thanks , i was looking for this video, 
  anyway , what happens if edi gets shot ? 
  before you get shot , harbinger shoots a mako , which will flip and fell one of your squad member . 
  he/she gets badly injured , so shepard calls for evac . 
  normandy comes , and both squad members leaves the place . 
  but some odd reason , normandy is like a fish in a barrel but harbinger does n't shoot it . 
  but also , if you have low enough ems , your both squad members will be killed, 
  in 1942 , there was no c4 , only dynamite, 
  so that 's why quarians wear masks , and are so hated around the galaxy, 
  i had to go through same thing . . 
  yes , true and everybody knows this but one part bothers me . 
  `` we built the crucible , but it did n't work . 
  our cycle was not able to unite ourselves as yours must , for without a truly united galaxy and a strong leader , the cycle shall always continue . '', 
  you did this on low ems ? 
  i have seen only high ems refusal endings , and there liara talks about united galaxy , who fought reapers together , but was n't enough, 
  it would n't work . 
  why ? 
  because there would n't be enough volunteers . 
  and make the synthesis work , everybody or most of the galaxy should be synthesis hybrid . 
  how about you have an option to turn something else ? 
  scary , is n't it ? 
  if you have option to choose it or not , you would n't probably choose the synthesis . 
  but if you were forced to , like in original ending , you would be terrified at beginning but would like the changes later . 
  first of all , he/she 's the god . 
  every reaper is now under his/her command . 
  i think the crew does n't know about it , but they must be wondering what happened to reapers , when they started rebuilding with organics . 
  and this part i also love about mass effect , some parts you can imagine what happened to them , like the what garrus did on omega . 
  hell , i 'd like to see even dlc about it , gathering a squad of twelve and blow the sidonis 's head later . 
  ( sorry gone little off-topic , but just did wan na tell it ), 
  i did n't know that legion wears jeans . . 
  . . i wish my father would play mass effect too :(, 
  how to play it : shoot the kid . 
  he gives you candy, 
  there were lots of hanar in mass effect 1 & 2, 
  now please , someone make a nyan cat version and post it on youtube !, 
  i rest my case, 
  you pirated mass effect ? 
  that 's ok . 
  since what ea&d ice did to battlefield 3 , i 've started pirate every game where ea is a publisher . 
  too long for me . . 
  nice , you 're not only one who though about this, 
  nihlus is not dead !, 
  even grunt could code better page !, 
  that medieval stuff could work in dragon ending, 
  mass effect 2 , police station on illium , when you recruit samara, 
  tali vs garrus . . this is a tough decision, 
  also , the quality of the ending might be different, 
  ec came , indoctrination theory proved wrong - no need to post anything about it, 
  no , they mean all kinda of shooters . 
  even portal is on the list, 
  if alex mason wins this round , then all hope is lost on fps genre, 
  the list is not for first person shooters , it 's a list for shooters, 
  not even cats . 
  but the page handles every type of shooters , even max payne 3 . 
  sure , the name might be confusing, 
  that 's a very good question, 
  . . close enough, 
  is n't that reaper on poster bigger than others ? 
  first i though you were talking about pc version , and came here to see how you have been insulted . 
  insurgence pack - to make bronze hardcore only . 
  but i 'd like to see elcor vanguard !, 
  this has been spotted weeks ago, 
  i named him commander , so people would call him with his full name , 
  it 's a very ugly shepard . . 
  nice , too little combat in earth anyway in this game . . 
  i hope we could fight near the jesus statue --, 
  i 'll shit on my pants if i get one, 
  no , the shit will flood from tiny holes to top of my pants, 
  i think prothean homeplanet was falled in just days , but the colonies fighted for survival , which took a century to finish them all . 
  i think this would happen too with this cycle, 
  not `` a , b or c '' , it 's `` a , b , c or d '', 
  so , which one you choose ? 
  - control all robots !, 
  - make everybody robots !, 
  - destroy all robots !, 
  - do n't do anything and let robots kill everybody !, 
  everythings nice . 
  * checks wrex *, 
  my reaction, 
  unbox it, 
  please , extended version !, 
  throw it out of the airlock and buy yourself a pc,
