  so the blame was obviously projected towards consoles , trying to appeal casual players and all that . 
  jake says this is not the case . 
  he is a hardcore fan of original xcom 's , and started the development of xcom eu in 2003 . 
  one of their prototypes included tu 's , but they simply could n't make the game work so that the gameplay would be solid . 
  they scrapped the project and started again with a new system . 
  this was longer answer than i intended to be but it is what usually happens when i start replying to simple questions . . 
  lord of war , what a movie !, 
  i 'm not the biggest fan of nicolas cage but imo he nailed that particular role in the movie . 
  the writing was solid as well . 
  i actually knew a person with whom i played multiplayer back in the day . 
  i met him in a tournament and our match was very , very tight . 
  he managed to beat me 3-2 after a long and struggling match including shitton of tile scanning and other methods that made mp so cheesy . 
  i was good at it but he was slightly better . 
  so in the late 2015 i noticed that he had n't been online for many months . 
  his comment section was filled with `` i miss you , buddy '' etc. 
  i added one of his friends and asked what happened , and just like i feared , depression got the best of him and he lost . 
  he told me that our commander was his best friend who never told him about his condition . 
  i suppose he did n't want to tell others about being depressed and inflict guilt from his action . 
  rest in peace , buddy . 
  shame that it had to happen like this . 
  oh , do n't feel sorry for me . 
  he was a good lad but i never knew him personally . 
  grieve for his friends and family , those that knew him irl for years . 
  yes . 
  i 've had excellent results with repeaters on my heavies . 
  they are the ones that start killing big targets because they get that armor-shredding ability and holo-targeting , so they occasionally manage to insta-gib big targets at their full hp . 
  5 % is a bit tosh , but 10 % and 15 % are very noticeable , especially when you start facing beefy end-game targets at higher difficulties . 
  they 're certainly leaving that option open once they 're deciding the setting for the next title . 
  as for the final mission i hated it . 
  it ran like arse , way worse than the rest of the game . 
  i had plenty of bugs that happened exclusively in the mission such as grenades having limited range and me being able to move on alien turn . 
  it was a really unpleasant experience and i just wanted to make it end . 
  the challenge was a nice surprise though ( but with that performance thinking rationally was n't really possible ) and i really liked the ending cutscenes , seeing people taking up arms and fighting against the advent menace . 
  i really thought that she was in [ the white statis suit , doing some research for advent or some shit . 
  ] ( / spoiler ) but no , she was not . 
  * my eyes have seen the glory of the trampling at the field *, 
  * we 've washed ourselves in elder 's blood and all the creatures too *, 
  * we 've taken down the advent machine *, 
  * site by site by site !, 
  * the mankind marches on !, 
  i survive by leeching karma as my body is rupturing . 
  it has rallycross ( that can be played on mp ) and hillclimbing , but rally is the core experience . 
  if you want a challenging rally simulator then this is exactly what you 're looking for . 
  there has n't been a game like this on market for a long , long time . 
  the last one was rbr from 2004 i think . 
  exactly this . 
  why on earth he is n't playing support ? 
  april 5th is the release date . 
  well , almost everything . 
  generally speaking minor nations are n't worth playing alone as they are lacking in so many areas , and canada is one of the worse ones in that regard . 
  you do n't get heavy tanks , only ( very good ) medium tanks , and some light tanks . 
  chimera is rubbish with its 6rpm . 
  support tab is also bad , but with adats buff it 's now slightly more viable . 
  recon tab is the very definition of mediocrity . 
  air tab is one of the worst ones in the game , and heli tab , while being quite irrelevant , does n't even have any atgm helis . 
  canada is a great nation when using as a supplement with norad or cw : canadian airborne is one of the best shock infs in the game ( the '75 variant which you are n't using for some reason ) , and many other units such as eryx , mexas , and adats are excellent in their roles but they ca n't form a formidable fighting force by themselves . 
  * ( oh and support was a joke . 
  do n't play support you silly man . ), 
  [ i do n't heal people , and i never will . 
  you asshole . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfgycaot0ki ), 
  since when has hitscan equaled shittyness ( in case you 're implying this ) ? 
  i suppose games like counter-strike , team fortress 2 , quake and rainbow six : siege have shitty gameplay because they 're ( mostly ) hitscan . 
  no other factors matter at all in that regard . 
  i find finnish cuisine being very tame and even dull . 
  sure , there are some good dishes and you can eat your daily chow , but the dishes are so . . mediocre . 
  i usually make something that has more spices and flavor when i have the chance . 
  in recent decades other cultures have influenced finnish cuisines a lot , i guess we can thank globalization for that . 
  so something like saut\u00e9ed reindeer with mashed potatoes , beetroot and lingonberry jam would be pretty traditional and tasty . 
  casserole is very common as well - you get potato - , liver - , macarone - and even cabbage variants . 
  dishes from freshwater fishes are also pretty typical , but salmon is common too . 
  finnish culture has many strengths but cuisine is definitely not one of them imo . 
  but that is n't * that * moment . 
  wiping pods like that is the easy part . 
  that 's true . 
  mi-25 's . 
  all of them . 
  he has made a point that shotguns can be countered easily just by making long peeks when you hear opponents using shotguns - they have very , very limited range . 
  also you can land headshots in a heartbeat on pc so there 's no dps advantage for shotguns . 
  super 90 actually has some actual range so it 's arguably better than the shoddy sterling , and m1014 for pulse works out well because of its penetrating capabilities . 
  suppression gets less efficient as the game progresses . 
  you get stasis , high-level haywire protocol and panic/mind control psionics that will put enemies out of the fight for a while . 
  i like to apply suppression first but swap that to demolition later on . 
  but then again t-64bm got buffed , akula got buffed , bmp-2 got slightly buffed and a big nerf for j\u00c4ger spam !, 
  this update seems neat . 
  plenty of nerfs for overused units . 
  just use the hq-7 . 
  it 's excellent , but you just need to micro it slightly so that it stops when you spot incoming helos . 
  then there 's the pgz-95 but it does n't shoot as far as the hq-7 does , making it more vulnerable vs longbows and such . 
  also as china you get the best aa helo in the game . 
  8x 6he missiles is not a joke , you should use that to your advantage . 
  imo the game should not point out where the reinforcements are coming . 
  it 's too easy to setup an overwatch ambush on their location and wipe them out . 
  the same ones as before : i.mg3 for blue ( this variant was n't nerfed ) , lmg 944 for red . 
  i wonder what happened . 
  hacked or one of the mods just tilted ? 
  yes . 
  standard lineman mg3 was identical to i.mg3 , expect lacking the cqc ability . 
  now the lineman version got nerfed while the cqc variant retained same dps . 
  alright , i suppose that is a difference albeit not a very big one .
