  never though about that , maxes never fire that fast . 
  there prob . 
  were multiple maxes , like you said, 
  beta skyguard was op , it ripped everything apart . 
  holy shit , angry joe did that . . 
  as an finn , i can confirm that . 
  i almost never get below 50 % speed with my 100mb/s connection . 
  how is it even possible to play with 1fps ? 
  well . . 
  i am sorry . 
  if you like robbaz i highly recommend you to watch cr1tikal ( penguinz0 ) . 
  his humor is kinda similar to robbaz : lots of swearing but he is successful in it , even better than robbaz in my opinion . 
  also , he does n't do any lets plays in new games , he plays game that are very old and/or they 're piece of shit . 
  that 's a classic . 
  i do n't have rocket pods . . 
  i flew there mainly just to test how effective the flak is . . 
  i play mainly as a lib pilot and i was shot down very fast too then . 
  and i am sure i was shot down by 2 maxes , other one did 80 % damage . 
  and no , i did n't hover , just fastly passed over it . 
  and i would n't call myself `` noob pilot '' . 
  in battlefield 3 , i was in top 1000 jet ranking . 
  i just have n't spent almost any time with mosquitoes after the beta . 
  it 's a pointless gun . . stats are same as the repeater and you can put repeater to single-fire mode, 
  well , you are wrong . 
  well , my mosquito has n't got any upgrades ( expect 1.25 zoom ), 
  yeah , press x or something, 
  battlefield 2nd runner up ? 
  as an ex-battlefield fan , that is a huge insult to me . 
  i see almost daily bigger zergs . . 
  do n't you all get a free mic with the 360 ? 
  or am i just misinformed ? 
  well , it 's game of the year . . 
  yeah , there are lots of assholes in cs and tf2 . 
  i do n't meet lots of immature guys in tf2 however , because i play in a mature server . 
  and the lol . 
  oh my god the lol . 
  i once played it . 
  insta-regrets . 
  62 % vs , because usually at the miller people prefer to bash the nc , and i usually go help the guys who need more help , and that 's the whose fighting the vs. 
  about that fps drop thing :, 
  when i played beta , the game launched itself normally . 
  but , when i added the beta to steam by making it non-steam game , i had massive fps loss . 
  now , when i play the official steam version , i still have that bug . 
  probably the whole problem is because of steam . 
  poor little mossy :(, 
  also , i do n't understand why zepher is less expensive than dalton . 
  zepher is much better in most of the situations , and because of that , it should be more expensive than dalton . 
  i should 've bought hellfire rockets . . 
  it was a wonderful comeback . . until he was going to shoot me . . but he did n't !, 
  [ here , your argument is invalid . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_naond4yyy ), 
  yes , it is real . 
  i once started in madagascar . 
  i was 100 % sure that i will beat this game . 
  [ both barrels for you , you bastards ] ( http://img16.imageshack.us/img16/4251/prowler.png ), 
  you will hear me when you 've exploded, 
  one vision , one purpose !, 
  before video games , people blamed movies about the violence . 
  before the movies , people blamed books about the violence . 
  before the books , people blamed demons about the violence . 
  yeah , nobody wants to admit bad parenting . . 
  [ your friend does n't make any sence ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1crjtpvy-ou ), 
  short answer : yes . 
  long answer : it 's really good game . 
  even longer answer : it 's simply a tube fps but it has emotional story , and it has some amazing game mechanics . 
  some people say it 's overrated game but it 's a goddamn gg . 
  you should also get episodes 1 & 2 ( and 3 when/if it comes ) , and play the half-life 1 . 
  if you ca n't enjoy really outdated graphics , then download black mesa - mod , a re-created version of half-life 1 . 
  but the hl1 is n't so important link in the story , unlike in mass effect series , where 1 & 2 are must-play before me3 . 
  also : hl2 has one of the best ost . 
  i should try that sometimes, 
  you sexy beast, 
  speaking of 500sc camoes . . if buy myself one , can i equip it to every soldier , at the same time ? 
  [ every time i see apex helmet  ( http://tf2wiki.net/w/images/7/7b/industrial_festivizer.png ), 
  i played mass effect and now i have banged aliens and saved the galaxy, 
  i 'd rather seen levelcap as vanu leader . 
  tobuscus is just a joke . 
  not sure about seananners , he has n't played ps2 but seems like a somewhat solid choice . 
  all hail glorious tr and tb !, 
  do n't worry about his cod fanbase , most of them are prob . 
  not playing on pc , and those who play pc prob . 
  are not interested in , and if they do , their pcs wo n't run it or they get fed up with it . 
  also , not all cod players are assholes . 
  as an liberator pilot , i really approve this . 
  you can carry only 50000sc . . my wallet will be saved, 
  nanners is n't so bad . . though frankieonpc would 've been better option . 
  i really feel sorry for you :(, 
  the firerate concerns me but since the damage is big and you have so many upvotes . . i 'll quess i 'll go with that, 
  i tried the carv-s . . it 's better than carv but not what i 'm looking for . 
  [ here 's the best one if you can understand finnish . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1cbgz4ocyq ), 
  holy shit you almost gave me a heart attack, 
  and our trees are n't so thick, 
  he has provided us [ footage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6hgc6exs0u ) from studio alpha version , he is ps1 veteran , ( actually ps1 was his first mmo ) and without him i would n't even know about planetside 2 . 
  why he 's not a good leader ? 
  hey biscuit , can you tell me why on earth tobuscus is vanu leader ? 
  he plays mainly minecraft and happy wheels , do you think that their fans would get excited about fps ? 
  i can understand seananners . 
  i do n't care about that guy , but he mainly does fps videos , so that means that his fanbase also likes fps . 
  thanks for the tip ,
