  what was the map with the most votes ? 
  dragon valley . 
  i guess dice did n't like the fact that defenders were totally screwed when they only had a flag or two . 
  one could argue that it 's the necessary evil to make the gamemode work - what 's the point of capturing and holding their main base if that does n't cripple their game ? 
  imo the best battlefield maps have always been conquest : assault . 
  i mean , i did n't even like gulf of oman that due to this . 
  eh , the remake was pretty good tbh . 
  i liked it way more than the karkand . 
  i ca n't recall the map itself being smaller . 
  however , unlimited sprint and squad spawning definitely shortened the distances . 
  you ca n't fix the map without changing those features . 
  i 'm not sure what flanking routes are you talking about specifically . 
  you can flank to the tv tower with a boat if that 's you 're talking about . 
  the blue tint is an abysmal feature , that i can agree with . 
  that affected all the maps however so it 's not solely peninsula 's problem . 
  and fog of war . . the removal did n't bother me . 
  you mean the frog language ? 
  i do n't have premium . 
  i only play the classic preset and from observation i conclude that there 's rarely any dlc servers populated with that preset . . so it 'd be a waste of money . 
  oh and i do n't give two titties about custom dogtags and such , and 50 bucks ( 25 at a sale ) would be too much for the guns alone . 
  yes , there are still one or two classic servers in europe . 
  they 're only for the vanilla maps though . 
  well , there 's rising storm 2 . . 
  it 's not exactly the same as battlefield but there are similarities . 
  nonetheless it 's a great franchise . 
  nice !, 
  xcom 2 ends up being a piece of shit , the franchise is buried . 
  18 years later ea buys the ip from 2k , revives the franchise . 
  the game is released in 2035 . 
  it 's a vr cash grab , copies the gameplay mechanics from a clash of clans equivalent . 
  the ip is buried for another 20 years once again . 
  i suppose that alone speaks about her talent , being able to perform numerous roles without creating a character about the voice actor itself . 
  see keith david or troy baker for example - it has come to a point where these figures have become very known , if not even memes . 
  according to imdb taylor did n't do voices for the soldiers . 
  you must be talking about kimberly brooks , who incidentally also performed as ashley williams in mass effect . 
  ] ( http://www.peta.org/features/got-autism-learn-link-dairy-products-disease/ ), 
  no way, 
  bloke, 
  this is legit ?? 
  you took these images in a convention or something ? 
  my goodness, 
  edit : people , save these images !, 
  the link will surely be taken down . 
  i can see where you are coming from , but as / u/akera099 mentioned , the game did have buyers - ~ ~ the game sold in millions ~ ~ , during a time where the franchise was n't as popular as it is now . 
  and since the game is set in future ( which is a popular setting in today 's mainstream shooters ) , there definitely is a market for the game . 
  if i had to guess , granted that this is not fake , the game is released in spring or autumn 2016 . 
  ea starts usually teasing battlefield 's 9 months prior the launch , so it would n't be too odd if we had n't given any content yet . 
  ca n't find the source so i must recall my claim . 
  sorry about that . 
  at least in battlefield 4 teaser/ad they showed all the information at the same time . 
  [ see here . 
  but i can agree with the first point though , it 's either a new thing or op screwed with his hoax . 
  yes , we know that 's it 's a new battlefield , but will it be set in modern era , just like recent five consecutive battlefields ( excluding 1943 ) ? 
  it just does n't seem that there 's a lot to explore with the modern setting anymore . . but then again i did n't believe that they would release bf4 right after bf3 . 
  they need safety because there are fights happening all the time . 
  and because they are dissatisfied with safety they start to fight . 
  simple . 
  put the prison on lockdown and wait until the safety need starts to drop to acceptable levels . 
  put the biggest troublemakers in solitary if needed . 
  definitely . 
  that 's why you do n't let them be locked in their cells for too long . 
  once they stop bouncing around you know that 's a good time to end it . 
  they also supported ukraine 's independence . 
  currently they are fighting an active war against ukraine . 
  ukraine is not a nato country , baltics are . 
  so you are refusing the fact that russian armed forces are not fighting in ukraine ? 
  every time ukraine 's forces gain ground they get absolutely demolished by the russian forces . 
  and do i need to give you sources and evidence or are you simply going to dismiss everything that i 'm going to show ? 
  it 's hard to take territory when russia is supplying them constantly with tanks and air-defense systems that are more advanced than what ukraine has to offer . 
  not to mention they are fighting against russians themselves . 
  look at all those russian `` volunteers '' . 
  yes , t72b3 the most advanced t-72 model out there , used exclusively by russian forces . 
  you simply do not `` capture '' these things from ukrainians . 
  and the countless reports of tanks being moved across to border just confirms my claim . 
  and that anti-air system ? 
  used exclusively by russia . 
  ukrainian forces have no business in donbass airspace thanks to weapon systems like that . 
  i do n't doubt that there are actual volunteers from russia who genuinely believe in their cause . 
  but the fact of the matter is that russian forces intervene every time when ukraine is gaining ground - back in august 2014 , and again in february 2015 with the battle of debaltseve . 
  this is a fact that you ca n't deny by any means . 
  the video that i provided is just many of the numerous pieces of evidence out there in the internet . 
  blufor general deck , never done these before . 
  i tried to choose the very best gems out of each country . 
  i 'm keeping my units mostly downvetted/upvetted depending on whether i 'm playing a big game or not . 
  general thoughts :, 
  because i have only 50 activation points i decided to cheap out on logi tab . . and because of this i ca n't have heavy artillery . 
  gurkhas '90 are superb , so i decided to have 2 cards of them . 
  gevaermenn '90 come with a nice autocannon transport . 
  not sure about my atgm choice , but i figured it 's the best since there 's no milan f3 's . 
  one radar aa , long-range anti-helo and high fast-moving high dps . 
  i wanted to have big ammo capacities on my aa pieces . 
  i really would have wanted closed arrows but eh . 
  german mortars for that sweet 5he damage . 
  4 superheavies is a force to be reckoned with . 
  they 're not the best superheavies in the game but 22ap/12rpm + 20 armor is not a joke . 
  k1 's and as1 + 's are very cost-efficient , so that 's why i chose them . 
  navy seals are m3a2 bradley are self-explanatory . 
  rasit for excellent optics . 
  not so sure about jsdf rangers , but i guess their sniper makes them decent shock recon . 
  chumat is my favourite atgm vehicle .
