  everybody has access to their ideal weaponry . . 
  i think this is what will happen : everybody will just take the most powerful assault loadout , and spam smoke everywhere . 
  also , the reviving does n't sound appealing , but it might create situations where you bait the reviver to revive the guy you just killed . 
  i dunno man , it was n't that good imo in cod from my experience , and i doubt it will be that good in bf either . 
  but , let 's just wait the game to get released and figure things out then . 
  i really hope that was n't intentional . 
  well , valve is a company which does n't overstate it 's products . 
  they would n't make a controller if they knew it would n't be better and more versatile than current controllers . 
  there 's no way it can beat mouse & keyboard in games where it is more superior than the current controllers , but it definitely will be more practical than the current ones . 
  heyy there new player !, 
  i am here to assist you !, 
  so first of all , do n't focus on the guns first . 
  stock weaponry in general is good and you do n't need new guns early on . 
  first of all , i recommend getting medical kit . 
  it 's cheap single-use tool which will give your health back instantly . 
  you must unlock it with certs , and you can unlock more of these units with infantry resources . 
  i highly recommend getting , is the flak armor . 
  there are many sources of explosive damage in this game , and even getting the first ranks of it will definitely help you . 
  nanoweave armor might sound good , since it offers purely extra health but trust me , explosive resistance is much , much more important . 
  also , even if you max nanoweave it will might save you from 1-2 bullets . 
  if you are dedicated for sniping , then m77-b is a must-buy . 
  it is a cheap bolt-action sniper , which is very good !, 
  not the best one of course , but when you compare it to `` premium '' sniper rifles , there is n't a massive difference , and a noob will not notice that . 
  also , attachments . 
  some guns will benefit from some attachments more than the others , but you should generally get attachments that will support your playstyle . 
  also , fill your class needs before buying any weapons . 
  need extra jetpack fuel ? 
  well spend your certs on that !, 
  want extra ammo for your sniper when playing lone-wolf ? 
  well , buy few mags of them then !, 
  extra shields for ha ? 
  you know what to do !, 
  also , join an outfit !, 
  even though i am a lone-wolf player , this game is designed to play with outfits , and it might make your game experience much better . 
  agreed , they should call those gabe, 
  i really doubt that this mode will be good for bf . 
  there are many reasons for that . 
  first of that is the economy . 
  assault rifles are the best weapons on both games . 
  and since you have unlimited access to them , everybody will be running with the most powerful ar with the best attachments , plus medpacks + defibs , possibly smoke for attackers . 
  in cs everything costed money : weapons , grenades , equipments . . if you die , you will lose everything . 
  and i really , really doubt that bf4 will have economy or what-so-ever . 
  second is the maps . 
  in cs the maps are specifically designed for defusal game-mode , and for the most part , these maps were great and balanced . 
  however , in bf4 the maps are designed mainly either for rush or conquest , and other gamemodes will just get a certain part of the map . 
  also , the skill . 
  i am not saying here that bf4 does n't require any skill or what-so-ever , but in cs you really need to aim well , manage your footwork , time certain actions well , learn to smokes well , avoid getting hit . . as a non-competitive player the matches are mostly non-coordinated but watching competitive play is great . 
  [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sxob_6irce ) for example shows how skill-based the game is , how everybody must do their parts well and how much teamwork there must be . 
  as mechanical_animal already said , cod players will like this game-mode but i doubt that 's the case for cs&bf players . 
  there is no war . 
  only the harvest . 
  agreed , bf will stop being the most popular franchise after 4-5 years . 
  something better which does n't have any premium bs . . maybe . 
  well , we 'll see how things go in the future . 
  i do n't . 
  i though that it was a good game . 
  i did n't expect anything great right from the beginning , just good old duke with is immature jokes and some kickass actions . 
  sure , some design decisions such as only 2 weapons sucked , but overall the game filled my expectations . 
  i understand your point that bf needs competitive play , but i do not agree that defuse will be the correct gamemode for it . 
  as you saw in the video , the skill in cs is not just having a better aim than the enemy , but it 's also about outsmarting him . 
  how would the enemy react on this move ? 
  are is the enemy going to just trick us with this move and do another move ? 
  also , it is similar to like rock-paper-scissor . 
  `` they did b rush last time , what now ? '', 
  also , things like sneaking or grenade throwing make cs defuse so great . 
  somebody mentioned on other thread that cq domination would be better for competitive play . 
  just like in normal conquest , the key for winning is map control . 
  if there 's 3 flags on the map it would force team to make rapid decisions where to attack next or from which angle to assault or possibly wait them to come for our flag . 
  well , we 'll see in the future which gamemode will be adopted by the competitive league . 
  also as you mentioned , because there is poor matchmaking ( and no lan servers ) in bf3 & bf4 ( possibly ) , those will hurt competitive play too . 
  good choice pal !, 
  rs imo has the best infantry combat in any fps , even better than cs : go , bf3 , ps2 . . it 's just great . 
  [ op delivers ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un1bgv2bfoc ), 
  well it does n't change quality of the game , but it changes the quality of gameplay . 
  driving games with keyboard , first person shooters with controller . . nope !, 
  now , let me tell you something interesting :, 
  i used to play bc2 on consoles too . 
  i played it for solid 300 hours . 
  i even disabled auto-aim for it !, 
  and i became fairly good in it . 
  but when i switched back to pc i pretty much instantly had better aim and movement . 
  the problem was that so did my opponents too . 
  my point here is that why would you use a rusty knife when you have good and sharp one ? 
  sure , you can still cut stuff with it but there 's better option . 
  now this is dissapointing . 
  i wish i could 've tested the changes and give some proper feedback ( i 'm not saying that they 're actually listening it , but duh . ), 
  my desktop runs at 900p . . :(, 
  bf2 : project reality, 
  i was playing as insurgent , and the coalition force finally managed to figure out our final weapon cache . 
  we fought bloody hard . 
  it was well-fortified position but they just managed to overrun us . 
  after they had taken our position there was nothing to do : they just had to find the weapon cache . 
  one of our guys took the minibus and i hopped in . 
  he was going to launch suicidal attack , trying to do some roadkills . 
  everybody inside was yelling `` allahu akbar '' while he tried to do some roadkills . 
  when he finally stopped there was like 20 + guys outside unleashing bullet storm on us . 
  yeah , it was desperate , but fun :p, 
  geez , stop making tr look that bad . . 
  if something has been done to death it 's modern era . 
  after cod 4 came out game developers have been doing pretty much nothing but modern era .
