  eventually you will fail of course ( berserkers were the last wall for me ) because you just simply did n't know how to deal with them . 
  so give it a shot . 
  it 's not like that you 'd lose anything . . expect your own dignity when you 'll eventually fail . 
  zeus is not a pistol , it 's a taser gun . 
  it was added to competitive matchmaking a while ago . 
  just do n't use it since it 's money well wasted ( expect in some situations i suppose ) . 
  original game was , [ amazing to say the least . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y873ctmj-o ) in the other hand i 'd really like to see a full sequel to it but on the other i do n't since dice , well , changed their battlefield design philosophy . 
  it 'd be a good game nevertheless . 
  glad that i 'm not the only one  perhaps we should play against each other at one point ? 
  note taken . 
  no , not laser weapons . . 2142 did n't have any of them because the whole concept of laser weapons is just . . absurd . 
  all weapons in 2142 were projectiles ; bullets , railguns . . 2142 was dice 's vision of future warfare so having completely realistic stuff simply woulqd n't fit in . 
  that 's not the only thing curse has done . 
  there was this forum called enterbf3.com . 
  it was actually the very first bf3 community , dating back all the way back to 2009 . 
  the hype there was pretty unreal ; bf3 was * the game * that they had been waiting for . 
  even before any official teasers were launched people knew that it was bf3 was eventually coming . 
  after some trailers were released hype was pretty damn big . 
  there were some people who were skeptical about dice and their ability to make a proper sequel for bf2 . 
  people were n't too worried about it but once somebody pointed out how short distances between flags in caspian border were , all hell broke loose . 
  people were becoming more and more cautious about bf3 and for a good reason ; bf3 after all ended up being a shooter with console traditions in mind instead of all those things what made games like bf2 and 2142 great . 
  anyway , how does this relate to curse and planetside ? 
  well , somewhere around june 2012 curse decided to purchase enterbf3 . 
  everybody there were pretty damn shocked because nobody * wanted * to become merged with curse ; we wanted to stay in our own community instead of merged into some sort of shithole . 
  anyway , the admin sealed the deal , the site was merged with curse and the community died in one day , just like everybody had been telling them . 
  i 'd also like to point out that enterbf3 was the place where i first heard about planetside 2 . 
  people were really excited about it since it would have been `` the true sequel for battlefield franchise '' and `` the spiritual successor of 2142 . '', 
  without it i might have not picked up this picked up this game or talking about this situation in / r/planetside . 
  anyway , the whole situation was a rancid cesspool . 
  i hope that luperza will have a good job there but i have a feeling that she wo n't . 
  as a noob i 've found that 1vs1 is the best gamemode . 
  if i screw up then it was my fault and my teammate wo n't take consequences , and if my teammate screws up then i 'd have to suffer as well . 
  this is the reason why i disliked mobas as well ; you really do n't truly know whose fault it was and if you just keep blaming others for your mistakes , you wo n't get better . 
  and i fail then i wo n't get the hate on my neck . 
  play in those noob only lobbies , check their stats before you begin . 
  or you can add me and play against me :, 
  fine , i 'll remove it . 
  it was n't / u / anyway . . so yeah . 
  add suppression mechanic from bf3, 
  imagine if you made lotsb-style coup against her , where you 'd have to fight her at the very end . 
  well , actually . . 
  i do n't want to imagine that . 
  baltics are nato countries , i seriously doubt that russia would go in war against them . 
  invading a nato country is the reason that would cause nato to respond , and in conventional warfare russia would not have a chance against them . 
  [ they really did figure out that new meta . 
  na'vi simply just sucks on cache . 
  i remember when they lost 16-1 to fnatic a while ago . 
  sure , they should n't suck that much but that 's just how things are . 
  seriously though , i thought that this unit was a joke so i made red dragons deck , chucked a bomb to a fortified forest , and . . and results were shocking in a very positive way . \u00b4, 
  great leader has blessed us with his new gift !, 
  before the arms deal update got launch go was a shithole with fewer player than source or 1.6 . 
  once skins were introduced the game became a lot more popular and now it has 200k + daily peaks . 
  huh , that is very disappointing . 
  modding scene is * the reason * why i love battlefield ( i 'm looking at you project reality ) . 
  sure , i 'm the minority in this thing but i 'd rather have half-assed mod tools than mod tools at all . 
  but since i do n't know a damn thing about developing games i really ca n't make a comment about it . 
  what 's your thoughts on single player implemented to battlefield ? 
  battlefield is known from mp and sp actually worked on bad company series due to humor and all that but it 's pretty safe to say that bf3 & 4 sp is just bad . 
  the whole concept of short campaign with a very cheesy story + special effects on a franchise which is known from mp is . . is just dumb to be added . 
  [ taunts are my favourites !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybg24cns1o8 ), 
  if you had watched pro scene for a while , you would know that there is no such a thing as `` safe bet '' for titan ( yes , the roster is different but whatever ) . 
  that 's what happens when circlejerk goes mainstream ; jokes just get old and new guys think that they 're funny . 
  same thing happened for / r/pcmasterrace . 
  alright then , thanks for the answer . 
  i guess i 'll try out that out . 
  are there any other ways to figure out prisoner traits , like using a psychologist or something ? 
  * some league of legends team expands to cs : go ? 
  good stuff !, 
  i wonder what their roster would be . . *, 
   minimum rank of gold nova 3 please . 
  oh , okay then . 
  and that 's the whole point of the classic : you are much more dependent on your teammates ? 
  did you get wounded ? 
  well , i hope that you have a medic a round . 
  are you out of ammo since you did n't mind your ammo ? 
  too bad - you should have sticked to a support !, 
  i think that losing ammo is an excellent feature since you have to either stick to your teammates or shoot conservatively ; it rewards teamwork and skill . 
  i once made a threat about how active radars were a very dumb addition to the game and should be removed . 
  i got dozens of personal insults and people telling how i am a cod player who just wants to get easy kills with jets . 
  as a battlefield veteran who heavily disliked bf3 and bf4 , these changes made me actually enjoy this game . 
  squad leader spawn only makes battles much , much more enjoyable since they are not clusterfucks anymore with enemies everywhere ; there are more distinguishable frontlines which move dynamically . 
  i wish that dice would take this further and remove vehicle spawns completely ( at least on conquest , dunno about rush ) . 
  lack of 3d spotting is another big deal . 
  previously you just spammed the q key to the general direction where enemies were , instantly spotted a dorito above someones and aimed below it instead of a player . 
  now you must know how to use minimap and aim at enemies instead of doritos ; these changes added a bigger skill ceiling , to the game , which in my opinion is a great thing . 
  playing stealthy is also easier since you are not immediately exposed to everyone if you get spotted . 
  another fantastic thing is removal of auto repair/heal and ammo pool system . 
  players who work together now really get rewarded ( or not punished should i say ) ; previously you were fine alone since you had access to free repairs and health + ammunition was not a big concern . 
  thank you dice for making this game enjoyable . 
  there are still some things that should be changed ( like adding more airfields to maps for easier jet repairs , adding conquest : assault maps ) but i think that these changes are too big to be added now but i hope that you 'd consider these things in the future installments . 
  and people . . try out this gamemode . 
  this in my opinion is what should be the standard mode . 
  if you get used to these changes then trust me , you will play battlefield how it should be played . 
  edit : word . 
  i think that it 's mostly an attitude problem . 
  if these settings were standard on bf3 then i doubt that anybody would complain and would consider the whole 3d-spotting concept nuts . 
  i do n't think that dice ca n't change people 's opinions , so it is mostly up to the community to make this transitions . 
  if youtubers made some coverage of this gamemode and gave positive feedback , this would definitely make more people to play it .
