  - team cohesion might break if you have randoms in your team . 
  who knows what sort of scheisskopfs you get teamed up with ? 
  seriously , get some people to teamed up with , even if you are just a lowly silver . 
  premades are good on all ranks !, 
  if you had a good game with some random bloke , add him and ask if he 'd like to play some more . 
  you soon will have dozen guys on your friendlist , ready to play with you . 
  yes , i would say that i made through soloing . 
  i was mg2 before i started playing with premades ( i swiftly made it to that rank from gn1 , could have probably made it to mge , and even up to dmg ) . 
  with my premade i 'm usually dmg , even made it up to eagle at some point ( which was just too much for me ) . 
  nowadays i 'm usually just mge . 
   rt and itar-tass have already claimed that this was a false flag operation and ukrainian military shot their own positions to blame glorious novorussian army . 
  i would like to see a source on this . 
  even though i know that russian media equals russian propaganda , this is an obnoxious claim . 
  but * that * particular piece of news does n't say that , it only tells what rebels are claiming . 
  i do admit that the word * western-backed * makes the rt sounds a bit biased ( which it obviously is , given their record ) , but i would say that this particular news is neutral . 
  perhaps you are trying to say that rt does n't show any alternative points of view on the subject , especially when they are confirmed facts ? 
  they fucked up bf3 , and bf4 was mostly fixed by dice la , so i 'd suggest that you 'd sharpen your knives or whatever . 
  not to mention the artillery strike on the carrier . . 
  [ not necessarily , though . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/steam/comments/2aomx7/i_found_a_typo_on_steam/ ), 
  we can safely rule that factor out - valve will definitely look into it and we should hear a statement from them in a week . 
  well , if we do n't then we can safely say that they were innocent . 
  first and foremost , valve handled the ibp situation rather quickly when they got some info about it . 
  second , just like in ibp 's case , valve has resources track all skins and such , so if there is a smoking gun , they 'll find it . 
  it 's not as equally bad . . in matchfixing they decided to intentionally lose to another team while in this one they simply bet on a game that they legitimately lost . 
  sure , they did steal some money in a way but they played an honest game and then decided to exploit csgl : s mistake . 
  losing intentionally should end your career . . stuff like this ? 
  well , maybe temp bans or some sort , i dunno . 
  i did n't say that it was fine , i just do n't think that they should have equal punishments . 
  matchfixing was completely ibp 's fault while in vp 's case the other side messed up in their own end , giving vp a chance to do wrong things . 
  i also do n't find your analogy being * quite * correct one since there is a big . . * threshold * to get into someone 's apartment . 
  there are a lot of factors you have to keep in mind if you enter into someone 's apartment . 
  let me present you another analogy ; if you are a pickpocketing , you are intentionally doing something wrong . 
  it is your fault that people are losing their money since you are opening their handbags , silently sliding your hand into the handbag , grabbing the wallet and * then * emptying it . 
  but what if you find a wallet at a street , filled with cash ? 
  there is a big temptation just to grab the wallet , take the cash and leave the empty wallet at its place . 
  it was not your fault that the owner accidentally dropped his wallet although it is wrong to take the cash . 
  do you think that both of these cases should be equally punishable if found guilty ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think that you missed the point of my analogy . 
  pickpocketing is something that you can do all the time , although it requires you to actively to do so . 
  finding dropped wallets on the other hand , are rare occurances that happen randomly . 
  in both cases you are yes , stealing , and both are punishable acts , but i simply do n't see why both should be handed * equal * punishments , even if you could easily return that wallet to somebody . 
  so if you are claiming that vp 's cs : go careers should end because of this occurrence , i simply do n't agree with that . 
  they did n't ruin the match because of that , they just decided to fall in to temptation . 
  it 's still a punishable act , but having their careers ruined is not a proper one in my opinion . 
  sure , you could have a different moral standpoint on this issue but this is just my opinion . 
  so you 'll stop the development on the pc version ? 
   having a good tank is n't as important as having a lot of them, 
  yup , we saw that during the gulf war !, 
  those t72s totally owned us abramses !, 
  wait . . 
  perhaps not , but they should have destroyed at least a single abrams . 
  what about old coalitions , like eurocorps ? 
  do they still exist ? 
  nonono , ussr gets b-5 and . . b-5 ? 
  eh , i would n't recommend the crew , the driving physics are just abysmal . 
  in fact , [ there 's an article at twinfinite ] ( http://www.twinfinite.net/2014/12/30/crew-fails-euro-truck-simulator-2-succeeds/ ) saying why you should pick ets2 over the crew . 
  now , in op 's case unfortunately he is n't into trucks , so . . 
  i was truly shocked when i saw what c&c 4 was going to be . 
  ea had done a good job with revival of the franchise . 
  i mean , c&c 3 was a swell sequel , ra3 was a bit nuts , but it was still good . . well , then * that * happened . 
  `` hey guys , let 's throw our solid gameplay mechanics out of the window , patch that stuff with retarded batshit , finalize the story with a plot that is worse than fanfic , and um . . 
  yeah ! '', 
  i really thought that butchering bf franchise was bad , but what they did with c&c was even worse . 
   ps2 guys do n't know what a sinking ship truely looks like . 
  those were dark times . 
  amen . 
  people act like the game had just died . 
  it might die relatively soon , but not just yet . 
  but if something similar what happened to c&c would happen to planetside , they 'd have to remove all continents expect nexus , force us to play exclusively with either infantry , vehicles or aircraft , and change the game mode to capture the flag . 
  yes , it does n't make any sense * at all * . 
  anyway , that is pretty much what happened to c&c . 
  oh and couple years later you are told that there is going to be a sequel , which will make things right this time around . 
  some time later you get some early alpha footage , which looks superb , only to be told that the project has been cancelled . 
  not just xbox live though , psn on ps4 has a fee too in order to play online . 
  chivalry : medieval warfare ? 
  i mean , the game has a duel mode , what is very tense and exciting , especially when you are fighting against an equal match !, 
  [ here 's some gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysyl9jhyl44 ) with some skilled players . 
  . . because it is correct translation ? 
  allah is arabic , and it means god in english . 
  looks very neat !, 
  i really find those aesthetics pleasing !, 
  just saying it 's shit :d, 
  allu had to be the igl due to natu not attending , so that prob . 
  was the reason why he had a chance with fragging . 
  here 's a cheap laptop that i bought for school . 
  it 's compact , light , silent ( no fans ) , has 4 gigabytes of ram ( this is a very nice amount to have even if you just type/surf net ) , has a good battery and even has a touchscreen !, 
  the performance is bad ( obviously ) , the screen is quite bad too and the build quality feels quite cheap too , and the lack of dvd-drive may be problematic . 
  nevertheless i doubt that you could get a better laptop for less than $ 370 . 
  maybe i would n't recommend this as your primary pc but it does its job . . 
   or , bet safe . 
  there is no such thing called `` safe bet '' . 
  sure , there are low-risk bets , which give you low rewards but oh boy does it sting when the 90 % team loses . . 
  heh , cheaters are truly bad . 
  recently i met a cheater pilot who had an auto-aim and a map hack of some sort . 
  sure , he was pounding everyone with his f35 so i switched teams and see if i could take him down . 
  it turned out he was pretty bad ; he rushed me every time so i just circled behind a mountain at main , waited him to pass by and then just tail him and kill him . 
  the trick worked three times in a row , and then he left the game . 
  but that 's not the best part .
