  my god how good time i had . 
  after i stopped playing i had thoughts like `` what the bioshock would be like if i played it with a controller ? 
  or diablo ? 
  or how worse i would be if i played planetside 2 with a controller ? 
  i doubt i would n't be so much worse that it would n't be relevant . . '', 
  at that moment i realized something terrible : the controller was indoctrinating me !, 
  i instantly dropped the controller and went to bathroom and washed my hands for 10 minutes . 
  i had done something terrible . 
  the controller was influencing by spitting me it 's heretics thoughts !, 
  was it trying to turn me slowly into lifeless peasant who would play call of duty and pre-order all the dlc !, 
  after that i started playing some planetside 2 so i could get all the peasant thoughts out of my head . 
  my mind is still shocked what happened . 
  should i destroy the controller so i could survive ? 
  is there any ways to counter the indoctrination , like wearing gloves or something ? 
  am i gone already too far ? 
  i really like my dirt 3 but i ca n't take the risk by playing it with a controller and slowly turning into peasant . . 
  id like to buy myself a wrc rally game ( or something similar . ), 
  i have dirt 3 but i didnt like it because it does not focus on the rally itself , has very few maps and is full of micro-transactions . 
  i wish that the game is quite new ( no more than 5 years old ) and has some kinda of campaign . 
  multi-player is not required . 
  what are you waiting ? 
  go and play the game !, 
  i think most of us agree that soldiers have very dull voice actors . 
  how about give us new voice overs which can be bought with station cash ? 
  this already exists in tribes : ascend and it would be a good thing for everybody : soe gets more money and those who are willing to pay gets more customization . 
  i would love to have my tr character have something static and evil like [ combine soldiers ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lvdj70vsoy ) in half-life 2 or [ helgans ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ob02jolomtq ) in killzone 2 . 
  i would easily pay 1000sc for those !, 
  so i am new in the civ series . 
  i have learned a lot and i have beaten king difficulty on tall cultural , wide science and wide diplomatic . 
  i am still learning tons of new things and i 'd like to learn new ones so i can squeeze all of it so i can achieve my next goal : beating emperor . 
  i do have the g&k expansion . 
  so , give me some advices and fast facts that newbies usually miss !, 
  i have some questions however : how easily does other civs denounce me if i make myself allies with other city states ? 
  when i played on cultural and diplomatic i took as many city allies as possible and other civs denounced me to hell . 
  what happens when you settle on a specific tile ? 
  let 's say if i settle on wheat which gives me 3 food , do i gain 3 food + other bonuses ( such as merchant navy ) ? 
  or do i gain something extra too ? 
  what happens if i settle on a luxury/strategic resource ? 
  how easily does other civs declare war on me if i have units garrisoned on my city . 
  i 've heard that they will not so easily if i have atleast one unit garrisoned . 
  if this is true , does the stronger unit block this more easily ? 
  how fast does the populate increase if i gain , lets say 3 food per turn . 
  does the time increase on higher cities even if i manage to keep the same food gain ? 
  thanks for the help !, 
  so , few centuries ago when i was trying to capture mongolian capital i used the great general to steal some land ( i had a city from north of that but razed it later . ), 
  every time i 'm in or next to the citadel all my units lose 30hp before the enemy makes his turn . 
  always . 
  my attack did fail before because my units took so much damage . 
  now when i just entered the renaissance era i launched another assault . 
  guess what ? 
  the same bloody problem . 
  is this just a bug or is it somehow `` a feature '' ? 
  i had a trebuchet inside that citadel but because it lost that 30hp it was taken down extremely fast . 
  is it a bug or is it just `` a feature '' ? 
  so , in this scenario the year is 1945 : german has been defeated . 
  soviets and usa find themselves in an awkward situation , which leads to cold war . 
  this could lead to ww3 which would be more devastating than ww2 because nuclear weapons have been discovered . 
  now usa and russia are trying to spread socialism/democracy to other countries ( city-states ) so they could gain more allies . 
  the goal is to spread democracy/socialism to city-states , exactly like religion . 
  after the city-state is converted it will become your ally . 
  you can not become allies with city-states by gifting gold or doing other requests . 
  sometimes the city-state is fully converted and then only way to convert them to your ideology is to go to war with them and `` liberate them . '', 
  this could lead to world war 3 if opposing side gets pissed off too much . 
  you have two ways to win :, 
  - after the x turns have occurred the winning side is the one that has more allies . 
  - destroy usa/russia in ww3 . 
  if the world-congress fails to prevent you using nukes then ww3 will happen . 
  city-states who 've been converted will fight with you . 
  - both sides will lose if certain amount of tiles suffer from radiation ( apocalypse ) . 
  - usa owns their current territory , canada and some cities on west-europe . 
  usa has already some nukes . 
  - russia has its own territory and has researched manhattan project , but does not have any nukes . 
  - europe has city-states which are in west-block and east-block . 
  west-block has more pressure on democracy and east-block has more pressure on socialism . 
  - africa is full of city-states which have resources and they do not have pressure on either ideology . 
  - in asia china is socialist but is not necessarily allied with russia . 
  you can convert china to democracy but it can really hurt your relationships with russia . 
  in asia there are also some city-states . 
  - australia is one big city-state which has democracy pressure . 
  other notes :, 
  - both sides have huge amounts of uranium so the ww3 would be really devastating . 
  - scenario starts with opposing side is on guarded . 
  china is also guarded for usa but is friendly for russia . 
  - +100 % production on nukes, 
  - russia does not have double quantity uranium, 
  - completely new freedom/order policies . 
  - unhappiness reduces pressure on your ideology, 
  - sometimes city-states can go war with each other if they have different ideologies . 
  this would be a great scenario on brave new world . 
  world congress can really mix things up !, 
  i want to know what kinda people are here in this subreddit . 
  i 've seen numerous comments upvoted which heavily critize battlefield 3 . 
  i have come to conclusion that r/battlefield has more veterans and r/battlefield3 has more newbies . 
  how many battlefield games do you own ? 
  when did you join the battlefield franchise ? 
  what is your favourite bf game , and why ? 
  what do you think about battlefield 3 ? 
  do you believe it has gone too far and is too irrational and casual when compared to older bfs ? 
  do you believe that bf has become eas mms factory ? 
  i wish to see this subreddit as a place where we could talk about bf in general .
