  did you charge in to a well-defended position ? 
  did you fail to spot the unit ( s ) that managed to crush your forces ? 
  did the enemy see your push coming mile ahead , hence preparing for it ? 
  were your units in a single clump , crushed by a single bomber ? 
  also , do n't choose opponents with superior stats !, 
  look for players that are , well , more or less equal to you . 
  in this way both parties can have a challenging , but a fair fight . 
  pub stomps are in no way fun and you should avoid those matches . 
  if you have trouble managing too many units , choose matches with low income . 
  this way you do n't have to worry about microing too many units in the same time , and killing single units is more meaningful . 
  just look at that self-righteous grin on that motherfucking cocksucker . 
  he knows very well that * we * want to have an access to the game , yet he keeps torturing us because he simply just wants us to see weep and suffer . 
  he is the pure definition of evil !, 
  okay , okay , i 'm overreacting but please ^ gim me ^ ^ early ^ ^ access ^ ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ ^ take ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ more, 
  you should expect to run like , well , project reality , just like the devs originally intended , game being a sequel to the mod and all that . 
  one of the key differences will be bigger maps , and the maps in pr were already huge when compared to bf . 
  the developers stated clearly why they want early access : they ca n't make the game perfect by themselves . 
  aside from bugs and such , the community has always moaned about things in their game , something that has dissatisfied them . 
  and it has always taken like six months to adjust community 's requests , so they decided that they want to avoid the same mistake again . 
  remember , not all games are stuck in ea hell . 
  some of them are used a cash-grab , but i can assure you that kf2 wo n't be one of those . 
  us does have arguably better aa than ussr ( patriot does n't need introductions and chaparral is cheaper and better range ff missiles than tunguska-m ) , tanks are also better ( atgm tanks are less useful than non-atgm tank in most maps , longbow is just hilariously good while m3a2 is great as well , helis are a bit worse but longbow covers most of their duties , and aircraft aside from bombers are superior when compared to ussr counterparts . 
  and superior logistics are n't that much of a deal , and then there 's the atacms which just snipes everything from the map . 
  so while ussr is great in all categories , us is just plain better/has their own tricks on them . 
  this is why great infantry is justified . 
  and if you do n't like the infantry on us side , you can just switch up to fix that . 
  that is not my point . 
  atgm 's are good , especially on armored decks where they earn accuracy bonuses since low-vet tank atgm 's have relatively poor accuracy . 
  my point is that a lot of maps are n't that open - if the range is ~ 2300 or less then the non-atgm tank has the advantage , and this is the case in a lot of areas in many maps . 
  also it 's trickier to use atgm tanks on offense since the enemy tank can just pop up from a treeline after you come into it 's range . 
  / r/actofaggression, 
  yeah , keys man !, 
  with my luck i have a zero chance of winning the pcgamer giveaway :(, 
  but that is not true since both games are competing for the same playerbase : casual players . 
  with the release of bad company series you can clearly see a pattern that indicates such thing . 
  no , pre-bc1 battlefields were n't anything hardcore but the gameplay has been enhanced in a way that works better for console and/or low-skilled players . 
  the vast amount of lock-on weaponry , less dependency on teammates ( viable anti-vehicle equipment on 3/4 classes et cetera ) , more spawning options and little things like range finders are evidence for that . 
  also , the fact that there are so many ex-cod players that are now `` loyal '' battlefield players ( that are basically just brats who do n't realize how stupid they are when they mock other games ) means that they have been successful in competition . 
  so yeah , there is competition , whether you like it or not . 
  it 's such a joke that when it comes to language , servers are treated like kindergartens . . in a 17 + game where characters themselves curse a lot . 
  sure , continuous harassment and such should n't be tolerated but cursing can have a neutral , if not friendly tone . 
  in certain countries like in netherlands or finland for example cursing is used in everyday speech , and is not considered being offensive ( unless you curse like every other word et cetera ) . 
  and because of that the only thing i can do is to shake my head when i get such messages . 
  if they decide to make people 's republic of karelia ( which does indeed have a noticeable russian minority ) , i , and many others , sure as hell would n't go down without a fight . 
  and because of this i doubt that russia would have balls to invade finland , even if it 's done in the same terms as in ukraine . 
  even if they managed to beat the armed forces and conquer the entire country , guerrilla forces would be just unbearable for them . 
  [ look at me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiwx2fpx-5k&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=59s ), 
  well , you either do the heli rush with aa choppers or you do n't . 
  bring some aa choppers with shock/elite troops . 
  it 's recommended that you bring them with the fastest helis . 
  your best chances are to do this with ussr since it has the best aa helis . 
  also , even if you did n't do a heli rush , the opening is the best time to sneak in a sniper team to do spotting for you . 
  if you do n't do the heli rush then you 'd better bring some solid ground troops that can swiftly attack areas that have been captured by heli forces . 
  because the enemy team has most likely invested a lot of points to helis , you can use it in your favour . 
  you need plenty of ir aa to kill the helis , lots of solid infantry and tanks to support ( if there 's open ground ) . 
  blue dragons are a good faction for this : they lack aa helis ( aside from recon ninja ) , but their ir aa is just superb . 
  ka-52 's ca n't kill them and short arrows can shoot them down beyond atgm range . 
  as a casual player , i 'll believe you . 
  does the better accuracy/faster firing rate make daps better albeit they have a shorter range ? 
  or is it the price ? 
  ah bugger , it seems that they 're all gone . 
  oh well , i 'll just spend my leisure playing some solo with a pirated copy : / now i am sorry that i 've done but i just could n't resist the temptation , and i 'll promise to buy a deluxe copy at the 21st !, 
  if the day just came out any sooner . . 
  yes , i remember it . 
  firstly i was pretty excited , seeing one of the larger maps in battlefield again with jets and all that , but at a closer inspection it turned out to be a disappointment . 
  the map simply was n't big . 
  the flags had way too short intervals between each other , and this fact combined with others that made distances shorter ( more vehicles spawning , ability to spawn squad members , fast & unlimited sprint . . ) made me a bit disappointed . 
  not to mention that the vast majority of maps were regular conquest , not conquest : assault , what in my opinion is a superior game-mode for various reasons . 
  overall i must say that i was disappointed with how maps were designed in bf3 , and to some degree in bf4 . 
  if it was up to me , the maps would have been bigger ( and game-play mechanics would have been more realistic and more slow-paced ) , but since this is on the contrary with the public opinion , i can understand their design philosophies . 
  edit : having an opinion that varies from the public opinion also grants you downvotes . 
  great . 
  target detector is just utterly useless , just learn to spam the spot button . 
  magnifier is n't compatible with medium scopes , and if you are using 1x scopes then you are using dmr wrong - they simply are bad weapons at closer ranges . 
  angled sight is probably the best choice since medium scopes are terrible at close ranges and hip-fire is unreliable . 
  bear in mind that you are better off at close range with a pistol like 93r , but in case you run out of ammo et cetera then the canted sight may be useful . 
  or maybe that 's because a ) the game simply was n't designed for competitive gaming and b ) the bf community is smaller than cs : go community and c ) competitive bf is vastly different from regular bf ? 
  now , i am not going to bash bf because it is `` simple '' when compared to cs : go since cs back in the day was frowned upon by quake fans , and i simply do n't have any valuable authority when it comes to critizing it . . but from an observer 's standpoint it just seems like running and gunning all the time while in cs : go there 's a lot more depth - finite spawns , different strategies , grenades , different playstyles . . not to mention the economy . 
  i 'm sure that there is some level of strategy in bf as well but it is definitely not on the level of cs . 
  also , because the regular bf is different from competitive bf , the casual players ca n't familiarize themselves with the competitive players . 
  in cs : go you play the same maps and gamemode with the same rules ( expect slightly different timers and only 64 tickrate , which is stupid ) , so when you go and watch pros play the game , you can be amazed how much better they are than you , and you can also learn when you watch them play . 
  edit : if you are going to downvote me , please elaborate why you did so . 
  otherwise you give me an impression that i got your jimmies rustled . 
  so i made myself general bd deck , a coalition that i have n't had too much of experience . 
  overall i must say that their logistics are pretty bad , infantry options could be better but they have some solid aa units and their tank line-up is impressive as well . 
  planes are n't too bad either . 
  thoughts ? 
  actually i thought that f-15 / f-16 combo would be nice . 
  f-16 has plenty of aamrams while f-15 would finish off the job at closer ranges . 
  the combo would cost 290 points instead of , well let 's say a pair of block 52 's ( 320 points ) . 
  but you are probably right , it prob . 
  is n't very practical . 
  this is not true . 
  vgchartz is a terrible site to compare sales since it only takes physical sales into account . . and we all know how well pc games are sold through physical market . 
  if i recall correctly there were more than 25k pc players during the launch day of bf : h , and that itself confirms how the site simply has incorrect numbers . 
  nevertheless the sales are pathetic for the title , especially on pc . 
  money talks , ea , i hope that you got the message . 
  very well , i 'll drop out my f-15j , probably replace with napalm or extra inf . 
  and my thought with howitzer is that it can , well , smoke up large areas for a cheap price . 
  it 's primary utility is n't to kill , and that role goes for the mortars .
