  it is a fact that pc is superior in pretty much every single way . 
  is it bad that we try to smack some sense to ignorant heads ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  we are not nobles because we were born to a right family . 
  we are nobles because we use intelligence !, 
  and everybody can enlighten from peasantry and become one of us !, 
  i think that you overstate too much . 
  sure , when somebody is dominating your ass it might feel like he 's hacking , but do n't count on that : you will never become a good player if you do n't accept the fact that there are great players out there and they take an advantage from your mistakes . 
  you should watch some competitive gameplay and you can see how good a player can get !, 
  unless the player is instantly killing you across the map with his lmg , you should not accuse him from hacking . 
  i have been accused from hacking many , many times . 
  i also got banned , because i killed a shit sniper few times and he kept all the time . 
  he never took any cover and his aim was horrible . 
  also , [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uagtulpgtbq ) shows how hackusations are bigger problem than hacks themselves : they make community look toxic and good players get banned . 
  alright , fair enough . 
  but i 'd still ca n't say that hacking is such a big problem in battlefield series . 
  sure , there are hackers but not-so-many of them that i would consider it a problem , like hackusations . 
  i do n't know if there is any game that is ruined because of hacking . 
  also , bf4 has the spectator mode which will definitely be useful when checking out for hacks . 
  red hair definitely became the standard for her , but other than that there was n't a standard look for her . 
  her face got chanced so many times . 
  [ shepard-commander ] ( http://images.wikia.com/masseffect/images/archive/c/cc/20100118055344!legion_character_shot.png ), 
  bbs = blackbustershow - the channel where bbc uploads his videos . 
  bbc = blackbustercritic - the guy who uploads videos to bbs . 
  see ? 
  it aint that hard . . 
  you ca n't go wrong with euro truck simulator 2 . 
  wtf is bf1 ? 
  rip, 
  the multi-tool part is the argument that most people forget . 
  once you have a gaming pc you also have a badass pc which can do pretty much anything quickly . 
  most of the , if not pretty much every console player also has a ~ $ 400 shit laptop for internet/work , so why not get a gaming pc for the price of those two , which will do the job better ? 
  that was not my point how many exactly has it . 
  but my point is that you also must have a device where you can access to internet . 
  it does n't matter if it 's pc , tablet or mobile phone , but on 21st century you must have at least one . 
  and i know that console internet is so horrible and unpractical . 
  if you spend your `` internet browser '' money to pc instead , you have a machine which does internet browsing and gaming better . 
  also , i know many people who play on consoles but i yet have to meet one who does n't have a pc . 
  i think you mean fancy vs. ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tov2v861l28 ), 
  [ also relevant . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnlnfn-wczg ), 
  well , this is a circlejerk after all . 
  every circlejerk gets old after a while , and the whole thing is basically recycling old content . 
  sure , sometimes there are good things and discussions when something exciting gets launched , but this is almost purely circlejerkin ', 
  the name `` pc master race '' . . 
  i hope that somebody does n't take it seriously . 
  and i agree with you that bad posts are bad , but i do not want to have restrictions on this subreddit . 
  sidebar notification would be just fine for me . 
  check out the map all the time . 
  where you see those blinking dots on the map , that 's where the fighting is going . 
  more dots - bigger fight . 
  instant action should get you to a good battle . 
  you can also use an aircraft if you want to get somewhere quickly . 
  i 'm sure that you mean that bf3 was dumbed down , not ps2 . 
  black gold was project reality map but it did n't have seas . . ? 
  if the river was bigger then it would be a great naval map too !, 
  naval combat was shit in bf2 so it did n't matter at all in that game . 
  . . we 'd end up with something like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jha5xgmspds ), 
  there 's also [ lanttukukko ] ( http://www.kotikokki.net/reseptit/nayta/21342/mummon%20lanttukukko/ ) which uses swede and pork instead . 
  it is not-so legendary food as the kalakukko is , and it originates from pohjois-karjala region instead of savo region . 
  but still , they are very similar foods . 
  the only major difference is the gpu , and you can see the difference [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.hwcompare.com/12190/radeon-hd-7870-vs-radeon-hd-7950-3gb/ ), 
  agreed . 
  i just really enjoyed how it was so goddamn slow . 
  you should n't be a goddamn colonel after ~ 60 hours of gameplay . 
  also , i really liked that if you wanted to reach max rank you had to be the best player of the month . 
  microsoft sidewinder x4 and roccat savu . 
  the mouse is good and the keyboard is . . decent . 
  well duh ? 
  tb is the best !, 
   also my head was about a foot away from the computer . 
  oh man , losing a graphics card is definitely bad but losing one of us would 've been . . 
  glad that you made it . 
  i really ca n't agree with rest of them but you are correct about levolution : it 's just too hyped and it is n't that advanced after all . 
  i would prefer much more focusing on overall destruction : blowing up more walls , bridges etc. 
  i have n't played mw3 or 2 but it seems like the difference between bf3 and bf4 is the same as bf3 and bf4 - the games are quite similar when compared to other but overall it is more polished game . 
  well , it 's just not just `` polished '' , it is just bringing essential features that bf3 lacked : commander , squads , better map design . . 
  map design seems to be much better this time : less of a clusterfuck than bf3 . 
  sure , they might be good on consoles but absolutely rubbish on pc . 
  however , i massively disagree how there is not conquest assault maps anymore . 
  strike at karkand , dragon valley , road to jalalabad , wake island , kubra dam , sharqi peninsula , mastuur city . . these were the most popular maps on bf2 , and all of them were conquest assault . 
  ok , gulf of oman was very popular too . 
  conquest assault is just imo better : remember all those moments when you tried desperately to defend your last flag or you sneaked behind enemy lines , just to capture their main base ? 
  agreed !, 
  if you 'd launch the assault from carrier instead , it would be amazing map !, 
  the skyscraper would be also the base for chopper and if the skyscraper was harder to destroy , it would be greater map overall . 
  nc does n't have a single lead ? 
  really ? 
  can you provide me a source ? 
  i do n't doubt you but still , seeing a source would be nice . 
  also , i would n't have a problem bf getting somewhat casualized . . if we had mod tools . 
  that was interesting article to read !, 
  i am really interested to see how this steamos thing goes on : it will be a failure or it will change pc gaming permanently . 
  it is exciting to see how dice is interested to move away from windows ( mantle from example ) , but since ea is friend of ms and they just got rid off steam . . 
  i really hope that they will still port to steamos . 
  well he unfortunately he kinda does have the point : aaa titles need to be implemented to wider audiences , if they want to survive . 
  bf obviously now belongs to the top aaa behemoths , and their existence is secured for now . 
  this has n't obviously become without sacrifices : the franchise has been casualized , but fortunately bf4 is bringing back the most essential features back . 
  bf3 really suffered too since the focus was more on consoles , but thanks to next-gen consoles this is not the case anymore .
