  oh and that jet was a f35 which i managed to steal by grabbing bailer 's jet midair . 
  as long as you do n't speak russian in the voice chat you are not a russian in my book . 
  doing those things are fine if the game is working properly and has all the important features in it . 
  mod tools and dedicated servers with a server browser would be nice but those are just luxuries ; not something that i expect from every game , especially from a title which fanbase is n't very pc-oriented . 
  maybe that 's because it is actually an issue that should be addressed ? 
  and if you actually watched the video you would realize that it is not a `` hur hur glorious pc gaming master race '' - type of video . 
  right ? 
  i would argue that attitude problems are not relevant now - nip needs results and maikelele has proven to be a skilled player . 
  and if they start to chalk up victories then i am sure that he will be compliant and wo n't rage . 
  mass effect is a franchise that you * must * experience as a whole . 
  these games have a continuous storyline ; your save file carries on to the sequel . 
  playing the last chapter only would mean that you would miss a lot of content , so you should definitely go with the ps3 version and buy all 3 games . 
  there 's a trilogy box available which contains all three games ( but it does n't have all the dlc unfortunately ) . 
  well . . wiiu version is pretty much the same as the normal me3 . 
  gamepad is utilized to control the game and you get some free dlc it . . and there differences end i think . 
  unless you get it for like 5 bucks i ca n't say that it it 's worth it ( and even then it kinda is n't ) . 
  i sure as hell can agree with this comment . 
  the problem i think planetside 2 has ( aside from poor gameplay design in certain areas and bugs ) is that it has an identity crisis since it is an mmofps . 
  in an ideal world it would attract players from both genres , but in reality it will sway away most of the hardcore mmo players since this is n't a traditional mmo , and fps players have a tendency of playing a single game from a dozen to couple hundred hours and then move on . 
  and even the most loyal fans ( like bcp ) will eventually get frustrated to the game and then leave . 
  heck , even i consider myself being done with this game although i play it for a dozen hours now and then . 
  sure , the playerbase would be healthier if the game was in a better condition , but i doubt that the situation would be * that * much better . 
   that being said bf2 has a multiplayer-like mulitplayer with just bots . 
  i consider bf2 mp bot matches pretty terrible . 
  even if you download mods like aix 2.0 the game becomes dull pretty quickly . 
  so if you want to play battlefield sp , bad company 1 and 2 are great choices . 
  bf3 and bf4 . . not so much . 
  so you are saying that top 5 % of the players are the average ? 
  i do not think that you know what average means . . 
  as you can see from these images , i made separate laundries for my special prisoners since their cellblock is separate from the main building . 
  i 've done several methods in order to get them working and remove their clothing needs ; i built separate buildings inside their building , i seperated a new building to a yard . . but nothing seems to work . 
  even janitors do n't seem to both change their clothes even if they visit those laundries . 
  edit : my prisoners do go in those laundries but they just do n't do anything, 
  so you are claiming that 45 % of the players are not playing matchmaking ? 
  and all of those who play esea and such have a skill level of eagle or higher ? 
  nope , check the 3rd image . 
  i forgot assign protected ones since i just changed things again , but maxes are assigned as well and they do not work either . 
  so they do not distribute clean laundry either if these baskets are not full ? 
  i mean , they moved those clean clothes to baskets but then they just stopped doing anything even though they have critical need for clothes . 
  i 'll just leave 1 basket per laundry and see how things go . 
  edit : nope , still nothing . 
  well actually , there are no dirty uniforms at all , only clean uniforms and a critical need for them . 
  do i need a full basket to distribute those clothes to prisoners ? 
  okay , things got pretty interesting now . 
  once i moved my supermax from isolation ( not being surrendered by staff only territory , my prisoners started working but my prisoner moved my basket to normal territory . 
  in conclusion , this is most likely a bug or poor ai behaviour . 
  * edit : i found something new interesting as well ; if the laundry is assigned to be staff only then janitors refuse to work in that cell . 
  could this bug be related to what i am experiencing ? 
  that 's definitely possible , i 'll try that out . 
  * edit 2 : yup , this is definitely the case , i checked it from the mantisbt and other users are complaining about this bug as well . 
  let 's hope that it will get fixed at alpha 27 since it has been acknowledged . 
  well , deagle is the best pistol in it 's area ( long range ) and awp is in most cases vastly superior than auto-sniper . 
  the reason why you do n't see that much of deagle because you need your pistols to either compliment your awp for those close-range situations , in which cz is the best choice or you need a side-arm for eco/force buys . 
  since you get outgunned by rifles at longer ranges , even with a deagle you 'd better take your chances and attempt to fight enemy at closer ranges . 
  this is easier to do as a ct , and that 's why deagle is not used as much but it is still used occasionally nevertheless . 
  that 's like saying that football spectators have no rights to discuss about football unless they have played football previously and have been pretty successful at it . 
  no , perimeter walls are not a way to deal with tunneling . 
  although they give you extra time to detect these tunnels , it is not the ultimate solution ; you must remove their tools with metal detectors and snitches . 
  it 's also recommended that you remove their toilets in case you find out that they have tools in their cells ; this way you can check if they have already started digging . 
  they can continue digging without tools after they have breached walls , you know . 
  as i said in my earlier comment , i just changed things up so things were n't properly assigned . 
  and no , they did n't work in there even if i assigned them . 
  and yes , i figured out that they do n't work due to a bug ( see my other comment ) . 
  it 's that bug when you just load your save and all of your water gets removed from pipes , meaning that they will be re-filled by the pump later on . 
  yeah they were pretty pretty trash imo , a bunch of chokepoints does n't make a good rush map . 
  if you wan na look at good rush maps , you got ta look at bad company 2 . 
  that game had an excellent mix of cover , open fields and safeish routes in which infantry can push in . 
  mcoms are not in easily defendable positions and attackers always had a vehicle advantage , which i consider being essential in that mode . 
  i think that valparaiso was pretty much a perfect map rush map ( aside from 4th pair of mcoms though , that was just bollocks ) . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  that downvote button is not meant for voting down opinions , so if you are going to smash that downvote button then at least reply to me why you did so . 
  nah , helsinki already has assembly , i do not think that we would need a 3rd big lan event . 
  it 'd be cool nevertheless but i think that there are other better places for esl one . 
  broccoli with chicken . . a splendid choice !, 
  now we only need the long war mod . . 
  so which gamestop was it ? 
  you can pm me if you do n't want to reveal your location :p, 
  there 's like dozens of gamestops here in finland , i have no time visit them all . . 
  by your logic [ 3dmax has the best team in the game , ] ( http://puheenvuoro.uusisuomi.fi/sites/default/files/imagecache/biggest/domain-15669/kuvat/14635610869_7e604ea9b4_o.jpg ) which simply is n't true . 
  you never steal a vehicle from somebody . 
  ever . 
  unless you are about to steal enemy vehicle ; that 's actually a thing that you should definitely do . 
  this is why i love this feature called vehicle ownership in planetside 2 . 
  if you spawn a vehicle , it 's completely yours and nobody can take it . 
  i would be glad to see a similar system in bf4 , like let 's say that if you take a vehicle nobody else can take the primary seat if you exit the vehicle , unless you have been absent for like one minute . 
  well basically , instead of vehicles being spawned on the map you can spawn your own vehicles , kinda like you do in rts games . 
  these vehicles cost resources which also generate constantly . 
  even though that planetside 2 handles the vehicle system pretty differently than battlefield does , i would easily see this being a good system in battlefield as well . 
  the vehicle owner can also decide if anybody can use passenger seats or squadmates only ; this would remove the issue of random people using passenger seats and refusing to exit when friends want to use the vehicle together ; heli/tank with a communicating crew is much more efficient than two random people . 
   actually , i ca n't believe i replied to this , you 're obviously a troll . 
  god , why did i reply to this too ? 
  jesus . . this brat must have a dull night or something . 
  okay , so you actually made an account just for this post ? 
  i mean , it is a common thing in reddit to talk about `` nonsense '' , being offensive to people who replied to you and such , so i thought that this was just a troll . 
  i mean , your username pretty much gave away you , so . . 
  okay then , i will cancel my words in that case . 
  okay , let 's get to your points then . 
  first of all , if you do n't want to play with too many vehicles then play on servers which have normal vehicle spawn times . 
  some servers intentionally put it on quicker respawn time , which is not a good thing in my opinion .
