  also , that coalition is generally speaking bad . 
  same thing applies to france alone . 
  they do have some nice units but should be played with eurocorps , as west germany is the bread-and-butter in many aspects . 
   norad mech player, 
  rt does have plenty of legitimate news . . as long as the subject matter ai n't politics . 
  at least you were n't forced to study that mandatory shit for 6 years , which had caused me plenty of stress and agony among other studies . 
  you do n't know the horrors of studying word tests for hours and more often than not failing them miserably . 
  and here 's the catch : there is literally no practical use for swedish here in finland , unless you go to a region dominated by * finlandssvenskar . 
  * it is a shitty legislation based on 200-year-old law and does n't have any tenable arguments other than the usual `` hurr durr it 's a tradition '' and `` herp derp you learn other germanic languages better if you learn swedish . '', 
  well yes , it is true but if one wants to learn german would n't be far more efficient to learn to commit all resources to learning that particular language instead of learning swedish first and then german ? 
  no , it is not and many of my fellow pupils stopped taking german courses as learning 4 different languages at the same time was simply too exhausting . 
  and then there 's the matter of time , too . 
  i took extended maths , physics and chemistry , and i would have liked to study russian as well - it is remarkably useful language in the region where i am living . 
  there just simply was n't time to study such things and instead i had to kept learning the utterly useless swedish . 
  do n't get me wrong , swedish is a fine language but i personally have zero use for it . 
  i never have used it in a practical situation nor i even had a chance to do so . 
  and for that matter i have n't learned titties of it either . 
  i am not even sure if i understood your question properly . 
  there 's euro truck simulator 2 . 
  it 's more of a game than it is a sim . 
  not sure if it 's your thing but truth to be told that it 's nobody 's thing to . . drive trucks . 
  nonetheless so many players with prejudice have fell in love with the game , myself included . 
  there 's a demo in steam and that should you give the general idea . 
  full premade is the only solution here . 
  not only this will solve the issue of griefers they 'll also solve cyka blyats and all that other nonsense . 
  do your best to establish a friend list where you can easily form a premade at any time . 
  add people if you had a good game with them . 
  build connections gradually . 
  premade cs is the best way to play , no questions . 
  well when i first started it i did hate it because `` hahaha all swedes are homosexuals . '', 
  that was the attitude for many , if not most pupils so i did n't take that seriously . 
  so i did n't learn it . 
  and after that when you went to college you had a chance to choose multiple subjects , and because swedish is mandatory it may limit your choices , which it did in my case . 
  nonetheless i did put tremendous amount of effort , and still had some of the worst scores in the class . 
  some people did n't put effort at all and still ate those tests for breakfast . 
  but in the end i had passed all of the courses . 
  and that 's why i dislike swedish . 
  well , i do n't dislike the language itself , just the forced process of `` learning '' it . 
  it is a tough language to learn , especially if you do n't have any motivation and are bad with languages . 
  and nothing is more withering than trying hard yet getting abysmal scores in the tests . 
  and english . . well , it 's a tad trivial language since you learn that involuntarily all the time . 
  my english after 3 years of studies in the 5th grade was way better than my swedish is at the moment . 
  cw is underpowered faction , and their recon tab is n't great either . 
  you should remove nzsas and add pathfinders , preferably in wheeled transport . 
  c2a1 has only a 10th less dps while deals 4 times more ~ ~ damage ~ ~ suppression than mg3 . 
  also , remove ferret and add aslav-25 for a cheap autocannon . 
  exceptional recon helo would n't be bad either . 
  your deck is flawed in so many ways . 
  your tank line-up has too many tanks at the bad 150-110 point price range , you have way too many infantry units in helo transports and generally speaking there 's too many questionable choices . 
  i reocmmend posting this to the deckbuilding thread to see for more improvements . 
  it 's absolutely terrible . 
  you have way too many infantry in heli tab . 
  one piece of aa can shoot the helis down , and good aa network can easily deny you from reinforcing your troops efficiently . 
  also , you ca n't escort your infantry with aa helis , meaning that you ca n't do an opener with them . 
  your aa sucks . 
  rbs-90 is alright but 40-point hawks are trash . 
  your tanks are abysmal as well . 
  you wo n't kill anything with em . 
  and your plane tab is quite shoddy as well . 
  just delete the whole deck . 
  it 's not good at all . 
  marine decks just generally speaking are that way . 
  if you want to play marines however , then us is the best blufor choice by far . 
  they have almost everything that you need , including heavy tanks . 
  but it 's rather bad alone so play it in a team game with a naval corridor . 
  * mixed blufor works too . 
  on the redfor side you could go with either ussr or mixed . 
  on the latter you lose some nice units like su-27pu but gain some diversity , like good pieces of aa and nice infantry & planes . 
  i recommend going with the mixed one . 
  yes , 60fps is a deal breaker for a lot of people . 
  i too ca n't stand 30fps , and depending on the genre it makes the game a no-go for me . 
  in fact , most people apparently prefer higher framerates over prettier graphics . 
  sorry but that there is the reality - people despise 30fps locks . 
  many pc gamers did n't buy their $ 1200 pc 's just to have 30fps experience - they would have went with a console instead . 
  if you ca n't make the game work properly at 60fps then you should be prepared to have a bit more negative reviews and less sales . 
  yeah , you are so excited . . until they announce that the sprays cost money . 
  i do n't think that aria is real unfortunately . 
  [ i mean that is a lot of ice . 
  any thoughts ? 
  [ hey , buddy . . ] ( http://www.markshep.com/peace/spell.html ), 
  a and y can not into same word , have n't you into high school ? 
  dunno about celtics , they have only 4hp so that engagement should be in my favour . 
  however , my openers are n't very heli-heavy . 
  ka-52 and a mi-24v or maybe even two , and the maybe like a pair of gru 's , mostly for harassing right off the bat . 
  maybe a gorno for holding an important point . 
  after that tons of btr 90 's and other wheeled vehicles as a main force . 
  then some cheap stuff as a holding force somewhere . 
  edit : considering how norad/us are relatively unpopular factions in ranked , i am not too concerned about the dap 's . 
  hap 's in the other hand are n't that much more superior over mi-24v . 
  and ty-90 's are rare , that i can tell you . 
   you may not make threads about unreleased games . 
  only ones that are available to play commercially . 
  airland battle is practically dead , the community has moved on to the red dragon . 
  only the most hardcore fans are still playing airland battle . 
  i suppose you 'll have to wait for a sale , then . 
  what about battlefield 4 ? 
  i mean , the game has its flaws but hear me out . 
  they introduced a classic preset in the game , and as the name suggests it applies many of the same rules as in bf2 and such . 
  - no 3d spotting, 
  - no health regen , both infantry and vehicle,
