  they are overpriced , that 's all . 
  there are better alternatives , both on desktop and laptop . 
  alienware is also one of the reasons why peasants think that pc gaming expensive . 
  i really do n't care if you own an alienware or not but beware : if you go to lan parties etc. 
  you will get laughed . 
  owning an alienware , especially a desktop one usually means that you do n't know anything about computers and/or you are a spoiled brat . 
  so please , do n't get one . 
  you will save money and reputation . 
  800 certs only , used a hyper boost . 
  i would 've made more if the server were n't so laggy , and i had some other priorities to do . 
  could we have pics from your shrine ? 
  i hope that steam box will change their attitude . 
  we also need a successful marketing plan . . which can be problematic . 
  rule 4 : all screenshots of reddit or facebook comments and discussions should have the usernames blacked out . 
  i must say ps2 . 
  the amount exclusives is just . . bravo !, 
  also , it is one of the last consoles that did n't bring in online fee bs . 
  mass effect is n't really about shooting enemies . . at least the first game was n't . 
  what in the actual fuck, 
  it 's a fine thing that your neighbor will join the master race !, 
  you should also show him [ project cars ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6x2q6xfsf4 ) trailer . 
  so much better than forza/gt/driveclub !, 
  these guys also made nfs shift & shift 2 . 
  we 're pretty much a default sub now . 
  we 're pretty much a default sub now !, 
  do i need to remind you what happened roughly a week ago , and why ? 
  the sidequests in me really sucked . . once you get to me2 , they 'll be much better . 
  good for you , my nerves could n't handle it . 
  i completed me2 & 3 with all side-missions completed . 
  twice . 
  me3 side-missions were just . . do n't expect too much . 
  i 'm not personally too much into racing sims , but i guess i 'll believe your word . 
  will assetto corsa have oculus rift support ? 
  i am planning to buy a new beastly pc next autumn with oculus rift + steering wheel + pedals . 
  mainly for euro truck simulator 2 but i am looking for racing games too . 
  awesome !, 
  astro , turtle beach , skullcandy . . not a single noble master race member should use these crappy headphones . 
  reposted like 100 times, 
   justpeasantthings, 
  too bad that he is a console peasant . 
  later on the series pinkman buys a 360 . 
  i do n't know if his actor , aaron paul is a peasant but pinkman is . 
  only thing that i disliked about bf2 commander was that how loud and noisy it was . 
  ok , it was very useful when giving orders to squad leaders , because squad leaders would actually fricken ' know that they have some orders . 
  but when he starts spotting . . ugh !, 
  well , [ a single card uses 250 watts , ] ( http://www.evga.com/products/product.aspx?pn=03g-p4-3788-kr ) so having two of them leaves 350 watts for rest of the components . 
  so yeah , 850 is enough . 
  it 's awesome that you are doing stuff like this !, 
  i have personally no interests on this game so let someone else have it , 
  i do n't see too many people complaining about re-makes of bf2 maps . 
  damn , they 're gone . 
  anybody have any mirrors ? 
  i really wanted too dat dragon pass . 
  [ i assume you are talking about talking about this ? 
  ] ( http://media.ksee24.com/images/meat+grinder.jpg ), 
  [ these are my thoughts about bf4 music . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bydgoadvmzo ), 
  so basically , they went from epic orchestral themes to lame electronic crap . 
  i would n't be surprised if bf5 theme was made by skrillex . 
  you can see the full evolution [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_pucliowog ) ( not including bf4 . ), 
  you can decide by yourself if the change was good or not . 
  also , [ mec theme ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0axam0jqd0 ) is worth mentioning . 
  imo this is the main theme of bf2 . 
  you sir , you deserve an upvote !, 
  and that is why they are called peasants . 
  it does n't look bad , but . . better than crysis 3 at max settings ? 
  lolno . 
  pc wars are about `` our lord gaben is the best . '', 
  many people will disagree with me , but it is a peasant box , just like ps4 and xbone . 
  i also do n't like their ips either and since they are pretty much doing only sequels for their existing ips . . nope !, 
  however , i do think they are better than ps4/xbone since they do n't have false marketing , online fee bs and they decide to make things their own way , even if it 's just making sequels for existing ips . 
  this game might come for pleb boxes too , but since nobody wants to publish this game , it is highly uncertain . 
  if the kickstarter campaign would 've succeeded , then they would have published it for next-gen consoles . 
  the copyright system on youtube is completely retarded . 
  [ see tb 's video on the subject . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfgoddh4ke0 ), 
  i must disagree with your opinion about me3 micro-transactions . 
  all multi-player dlc for me3 was free . 
  and oh boy , they made a lot of it . 
  tons of new weapons , characters , maps and objectives . 
  that mp dlc was n't just copy-pasted from single-player : it was created exclusively for mp , and it was all free . 
  sure , there was dlc for single-player and some weapon packs , but all the content for multi-player was free . 
  if a game like , let 's say battlefield 4 would introduce micro-transactions which are n't too ridiculous , but would remove all dlc costs , i would be totally fine with it !, 
  actually , i would be happy about it !, 
  paying $ 110 for the full package is just too much for me . 
  also , `` grinding '' in mp happens naturally . 
  you play the game and you get the stuff/experience . 
  if the weapons you can unlock are just side-grades instead of doing double-damage or insane accuracy , i would be fine with it ( if the dlc is free , of course ) . 
  grinding also keeps many players on playing the mp game . 
  for example , once you reach high levels on planetside 2 , you can get very fed up with the game , since there is n't anything worthwhile to unlock anymore . 
  however , these do not apply to sp experience , of course . 
  nerf plz, 
  it * might * go on sale . 
  i ca n't remember if bundles in the past have been on sale , but i recommend waiting . 
  who knows , what if they get an extra discount ? 
  he is not a goddamn peasant !, 
  he has been a member of the master race before you were born . 
  damn you op , why were n't you cautious ? 
  it has always been a bloody circlejerk . 
  i have been a subscriber of it since january , and it has always been about mocking peasants .
