  now it is up to indies and other small development studios to bring us that hardcore stuff . 
  u/mrtra1tor you bad boy !, 
  go sit to the corner and regret your actions !, 
  we must not fight against each other . 
  both nvidia and amd are great options for gamers , and it depends on individual which card is better for him/her . 
  i think what matters for the most gamers is the price/value ratio : i almost purchased 560ti but since there was a better deal for hd6950 , it was a must-buy . 
  nothing wrong about nvidia , nothing wrong about amd . 
  i think what really matters in my next card is that which thing is better : mantle or gsync . 
  we shall see which technology is actually better , and can other company produce similar technology for their card ? 
  same could be said about bf . 
  i want my goddamn bf1944 or 2143 !, 
  the only good ww2 shooter which was released lately is red orchestra 2 . 
  red orchestra 2 is a very solid ww2 shooter . 
  it 's very brutal and unforgiving , and it is quite depressing because it manages to show horrors of war very well . 
  imo it 's better than bf in some aspects . 
  i thought that consoles had this all the time . 
  yeah , it was pretty good but bloody hell what kinda of meat grinder it was !, 
  well , people expected that dice would spend 6 years between bf3 and bf4 , just like there was 6 years between bf2 and bf3 . 
  so instead of having a sub-title , many were surprised that they continued the main series . 
   you do n't need to be the proud owner of a top-of-the-line gaming pc to be a member of the master race . 
  mass effect is exactly what you are looking for . 
  sure , the combat is horrible in me1 but please , try to force yourself to play it , and the me2 will be much better then . 
  or alternatively , just get the comic dlc as u/brillant _ plum suggested and you can see how me1 story went , and you can immediately start from me2 . 
  i do not recommend this though , it 's just not the same !, 
  killing floor is a great tactical zombie shooter . 
  in this game you need to survive against zombie-horde waves . 
  there are different classes which specializes on different weapons and roles . 
  each round gets more difficult as you progress but you will get money from killing zombies and surviving waves . 
  it 's a really fantastic game if you have friends ( playing in pubs is not too bad ! ), 
  but the main focus here is killing zombies instead of surviving . 
  it 's just sad that dice too takes a part on this petty cod vs bf circlejerk . 
  oh well , since the internet loves bf and hates cod , i guess they can quote whatever the goddamn they want . . 
  here 's something i do not understand . 
  every time something nice happens on bf , it 's obv . 
  because of dice . 
  every time something bad happens on bf , it 's obv . 
  because of ea . 
  if it was n't dice who made this particular trailer , then who made it ? 
  `` ea '' is not a particular studio : it 's just a massive publisher which owns dozens of different studios , including dice . 
  and i really doubt that other studio than dice actually made this trailer , and i also pretty sure that the idea to use that particular quote came from someone working from dice , not from ea headquarters or something . 
  `` so yeah . . 
  i 'm correct . 
  completely correct . '', 
  and $ 350 cheaper . 
  definitely not bad !, 
  i do n't think that it 'll be ak12 . 
  the fire-rate will be reduced ( ca n't find the source , sry . ), 
  i 'm betting that it 'll be either famas or m416 . 
  stop insulting bf2 , it was n't * that * bad , even on lowest settings !, 
  so you seriously think that dice can balance out guns , eh ? 
  g36-e and voss-l ar want to have a word with you . 
  well i guess i am one of those idiots then ( kinda ) . 
  imo the visor should be clear instead of having an orange tint , all promo screenshots etc. 
  have clear glasses . 
  imo they should keep it that way . 
  grapiczz have ruined storiez and good gameplay ... 
  it 's not the first time where bf taunts cod . . remember the lines `` they would send some guys with pussy-ass heartbeat sensors instead of us ! '', 
  and `` snowmobiles are for sissies ! '', 
  from bc2 campaign ? 
  it seems like 8.5 is pretty much an average score , which is very fair imo . 
  the multiplayer does n't offer that much new but still , it is extremely solid mp shooter and it is one of the best ones out there . 
  the campaign is like expected : horrible . 
  because of that the game deserves a big minus . 
  `` imagine what the studio could do if it invested all that manpower into making its already good multiplayer experience even better '' - gameinformer . 
  and that is what i can agree with , 100 % . 
  i agree , c&c 3 was a great sequel . 
  if they just decided to make $ 60 sequel for generals with $ 30 expansion later on , that would 've been just fine . 
  but i do n't truly know why this game got shut down . . f2p making the game p2w ? 
  bad gameplay mechanics ? 
  not enough market for making it profitable ? 
  well darn it , this game looked very promising . . let 's hope that it was n't . 
  the faith early on is giving you a great bonus , which will give help you in many situations . 
  20 % combat bonus is amazing when you are playing defensive tall , but it can help also offensively . 
  just make you sure that you have maximum of 3 cities and you definitely have an advantage . 
  stack it with just war and you are a force to be reckoned with . 
  i find piracy to be acceptable , * if * you buy later on the games that you like , usually for full price . 
  buying only games from sales is not acceptable , if you pirate the games and just wait the price to drop . 
  well there 's 2 reasons for that :, 
  the first one is that haile selassie is considered to be a prophet in rastafari movement , and since g&k added religion , it needed some religion-based civs . 
  the second one is that there are n't too many african civs in this game , so having more was pretty important . 
  those nazi douchebags were nothing but a blight of the humanity . 
  yeah , they had to roast jews somehow . . so there 's that . 
  the first half of the song is kinda meh , but the second half . . glorious !, 
  i remember couple weeks ago how i literally ragequitted . 
  so i was playing as theodora , going for a domination victory on archipelago . 
  everything is going smooth as silk , i managed to capture poland and zuluman . 
  after that my glorious fleet of galleaas 's was getting obsolete , but i managed to get 2 iron from poland for my frigates . 
  after that i might 've taken a too big bite : morocco . 
  i knew that this this could go bad . 
  and oh boy it did . 
  first i lost almost half of my galleaases . 
  but not only that , morocco was attacking my poland city , while a city-state softened warsaw , where the iron was too . 
  morocco captured my other city with his caravel , which had less than 10 health left . 
  cs had bombarded warsaw to hell , but i managed to kill them . 
  so , i put my frigates on offensive positions and i started to bombard the capital of morocco . 
  i had enough firepower to take it down in a few turns , since he did n't have reinforcements , but . . 
  after i finished my turn that same caravel which had less than 10 health captured warsaw . 
  after that i lost my iron , so my frigates had 50 % combat penalty . 
  my frigates got punished after that : the other one got destroyed and the other one lost 80 % of it 's hp . 
  gg uninstalled .
