  i see many pros and cons about the game and ideas how these cons could be fixed . 
  - it 's the best f2p game for ps4 . 
  now this is partially opinion-based , but i 'd say planetside 2 is overall the best f2p game for ps4 . 
  sure , there are titles like warframe coming too but ps2 offers massive-scale fps battles , and no other game out there can match it . 
  also , since you can play f2p games without ps + , it will draw people to play ps2 when they do n't have it . 
  - massive bf community on ps . 
  this game can be very easily adopted by bf players . 
  once ps4 gets released and bf players play the bf4 for few weeks , they definitely want to try something else . 
  and there 's ps2 . . just waiting you at the ps store . 
  then , the cons :, 
  - bad tutorial . 
  i do not want to generalize people , but mostly a console player is more casual than a pc player . 
  and even when many pc players are struggling with this game , the ps4 players will have even harder time . 
  solution : better initial tutorial , add hints while you are playing the game . 
  the initial tutorial is mostly good but if it explained briefly stuff like platoons , then players should get the basic idea and learn more while playing the game . 
  also , add hints when you discover new stuff , and hint the older stuff that you learned from the tutorial . 
  recap is the mother of learning !, 
  - bad advertisement . 
  many ps players do not know that this game exists , or it will come for ps4 . 
  sony did n't show this game at their e3 press conference !, 
  ps players might have seen shitty ads of this game along with titles like travian , and their reaction must be `` oh , this must be another one of those shitty p2w games . '', 
  solution : more advertisement , and make it more directed for ps players . 
  maybe advertise it in ps3 store , just to get them interested early on ? 
  more and better yt trailers ? 
  get big ps4 youtubers to promote game ? 
  i 'm sure that soe already got some plans but i just wanted to bring this up . 
  - lack of organized play . 
  again , i do not want to generalize , but i 'm afraid that there will be not enough organized platoons . 
  sure , there are players who enjoy this game solo ( like me ) , but the whole point of this game is to play on platoons . 
  if there are n't any or very few of them , then it will definitely downgrade the experience . 
  solution : official guides for players how to lead and organize a successful platoon . 
  also , i am worried about weapon balance and performance , but this is up to soe to fix them . 
  anyway , ps4 players will get the most refined version of the game when it comes out , and let 's hope that it 's a good product !, 
  hello there reddit !, 
  so i finally got myself an ssd and so i installed w7 for it and formatted my hdd in the process . 
  the problem is that my internet is n't working on it . . every time i do a diagnosis it instantly stops and it does n't have a solution . 
  so i decided to install my mobo drivers , but the dvd driver does n't work ( did n't work before ) , so i burned it to . iso on my other computer , downloaded daemon tools lite installer and moved these files to my primary computer . 
  installed dtl and it works fine , but it says that it does n't recognize it : it 's 32 bit on 64 platform or vice versa . 
  my primary pc is w7 64 bit which has asrock h61m-s while secondary pc is xp 32 bit and has random foxconn mobo . 
  i burned my w7 with my secondary computer and it worked fine . 
  also , i 've installed asrock drivers before for my w7 platform and it worked fine ( with dvd drive , not . iso ), 
  so what should i do ? 
  i really , really would n't want to buy another dvd drive . 
  and no , moving my xp dvd driver to w7 pc wo n't work : it is ide and my mobo does n't have it . 
  edit : i attempted to burn again asrock drivers with my xp pc . . and this time it worked !, 
  i dunno what went wrong last time , but everything is just fine now , 
  ty for helping everybody , even if i solved it on my own . 
  so this is coming from a player who has played ro2 for 90 hours , and 90 % of that time was spent on rs . 
  i though that i was pretty good player , but today i decided to test some ro2 . 
  and oh my how hardly i got wrecked . 
  in rs i have much easier time to spot enemies , but in ro2 i can barely peek before somebody shoots me . 
  and i did n't play just in one server , in many servers i ended up with bad score , having like 17 kills and prob . 
  50 deaths . 
  so this is a question for battle-hardened ro2 players : do you think that rs is generally worse than ro2 , and why ? 
  people of reddit . . where do we draw the line ? 
  if all content for the game costs $ 110 dollars , is it acceptable to ask more even if they were just cosmetic items ( which is not the case this time ) ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbbsmpgmuyy ) video will explain pretty much everything you need to know . 
  now you are prob . 
  thinking like `` well , mass effect 3 had the same system and it was good !, 
  so this ca n't be any different . '', 
  this is wrong for two reasons . 
  first , me3 is a horde shooter . 
  you are not fighting against human players in pvp . 
  having a player with great great will actually help you to get more money !, 
  second , me3 mp dlc was free , and they released in total of 5 map packs which all included new weapons , maps , characters , difficulty level . . 
  i am not saying here that bf4 sucks or anything , but i believe that ea&d ice has gone too far with this . 
  i could maybe accept this if we were talking only about cosmetics but this goes beyond that . 
  also , join the discussion here :, 
  seriously people , what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  i see all the time on the front page somebody demanding that something must be stopped . 
  and those posts usually have many many upvotes . 
  we aint no goddamn commie fascist hitler peasants who are used to live in restriction and buy goddamn minecraft skins . . we are free pc gamers !, 
  we are able to do goddamn whatever we want !, 
  there , i said it . 
  now , instead of restricting other posts , maybe we should guide people what kinda posts are good and what not . 
  people should be more aware about the sidebar , which clearly says that you do n't need a top pc to be part of the master race . 
  maybe add a friendly reminder about sidebar when about to post something ? 
  here 's something that i do not understand : why dice does n't make conquest : assault maps anymore ? 
  imo they are much better than regular conquest maps . 
  map design seems to be much better this time : less of a clusterfuck than bf3 . 
  sure , they might were good on consoles but absolutely rubbish on pc . 
  however , i massively disagree how there is not conquest assault maps anymore . 
  strike at karkand , dragon valley , road to jalalabad , wake island , kubra dam , sharqi peninsula , mastuur city . . these were the most popular maps on bf2 , and all of them were conquest assault . 
  ok , gulf of oman was very popular too . 
  also in 2142 the most popular conquest maps were conquest assault too : camp of gibraltar , fall of berlin , cerbere landing , bridge of remagen and port bavaria . 
  conquest assault is just imo better : remember all those moments when you tried desperately to defend your last flag or you sneaked behind enemy lines , just to capture their main base ? 
  it promoted attackers to make high-risk moves , and it forced defenders to be vigilant all the time and defend their assets at all costs . 
  just like in b2k , whoever owns the airbase has an advantage over the wake or when defenders lose the sharqi tv tower , they have a serious problem . 
  normal conquest however , is just not the same . 
  you have your most important assets at your main base , and they can not be captured , especially when most of the servers punish from vehicle stealing . 
  it feels more like a 64-player deathmatch ( i 'm sliightly overstating but you get the point ) rather than something that owning flags actually matters . 
  also , if one team is absolutely dominating and controls all the flags , there 's no way that you can end the round quickly : you just need to baserape and wait the tickets to bleed . . 
  anyway , this is just my opinion and you have full rights to disagree with me and if you do , please leave a comment and elaborate !, 
  alright , sorry for negative accusation about you , but this my view why the game is so goddamn broken . 
  `` dice please fix the game , i already paid $ 110 for this ! '', 
  `` goddamn ea , why do they always publish a broken game ? '', 
  `` i paid 60 bucks for this shit . . '', 
  can you see where the problem is ? 
  the problem is that they already have your money . 
  that 's right , i 'm talking about pre-orders .
