  i 'm sayin ' that overclock will cause heat problems in the future . . * cough * rrod * cough *, 
  it will be on ps4 though . 
  so be it . 
  [ and this is what i want to rotary sound like ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywc0irabydk ), 
  this is unfortunately true . 
  while some people ( including me ) say that he is the god , but the truth is , he is just a mortal being . 
  but after he dies his legacy will stay in our hearts , forever . 
  let us not think such tragedies yet . 
  he will stay on this planet , as a mortal being for many , many happy years . 
  and he will deliver us many , many positive things to our lives . 
  tb does have 3.4 x scope fetish . 
  i always see him using that , no matter what kinda weapon he 's using . 
  the game has been on steam/origin sale for multiple times , and you should find this game for discounted price at local supermarket or sumthin . 
  there were 7 full 100-man servers today . 
  there has been a massive increase of new players since v1 .0 got released , including me . 
  so you should have no problems at all finding a good server . 
   buying gaming pc, 
  please tell me that you bought the parts and built it , not bought pre-built . 
  thank god that i was incorrect , 
  ai will get medieval wonders at turn 80 if i remember correctly . 
  just . . do n't go for the wonders . 
  you only need 3 world wonders : petra , porcelain tower and hubble space telescope . 
  rest of them are not so important . 
  also , get national college up asap . 
  i have seen peasants to say many dumb things , but [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8ywemv5.png ) might be the worse . 
  sure , go for it !, 
  expect to have slower paced experience than bc2/bf3 , with somewhat clunky shooting mechanics . 
  the community has shrunk from good ol' times , but it is still alive and kicking . 
  you should have no problems of finding a server , especially if you live in europe . 
  overall the game is great but it can cause frustration for new players . 
  vehicles are much more powerful than in newer titles , and you are playing mostly against veterans who know every single trick and have played bf2 for hundreds , if not thousands of hours of that game . 
  [ i wrote pr recommendation ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/shouldibuythisgame/comments/1jr2qq/ysb_battlefield_2_project_reality/ ) to r/shouldibuythisgame , so go and check that out if you want additional information of that mod . 
  overall it 's amazing mod and it 's definitely not too late to join in . 
  just remember to have a microphone !, 
  you might not end up liking bf2 , mainly because it is outdated . 
  pr does n't actually feel that old , graphics are main thing what makes the game look so old . 
  you mean `` clunky '' shooting mechanics ? 
  well . . maybe not . 
  it 's just that the guns are somewhat inaccurate , and it just does n't feel `` right '' . 
  after you have used to smoothness of bc2 or bf3 , the gunplay just is n't the same . 
  you prob . 
  wo n't get hagia sophia either . 
  that free prophet you get . . 
  i do n't think it 's worth taking the risk . 
  also , it sacrifices growth because you 'd have to go for production and you could also build something else . 
  also , oxford university is national wonder . 
  you need universities in all non-puppet cities . 
  i usually save it for late game techs , because free tech is more valuable there , since the techs require much more beakers . 
  building your own pc is a rite of passage for every single pc gamer . 
  even if you dedicate your complete life on pc gaming , you have not shown your true worthy , especially not for yourself . 
  you can lie to other people that you build it or say excuses like you got free warranty for 2 years , but the fact that you have n't built your own pc ails you for rest of your life , until you do it . 
  mass effect franchise ? 
  that game is my favourite single-player franchise of all time , even though i have played hl franchise , bioshock 1 & infinite and walkind dead . 
  it is just purely amazing and i highly recommend it to people who like sp games with a good storyline . 
  so here 's a short summary what happens before me1 :, 
  the game is set in the year 2183 ce , 35 years after humans discovered the ruins of an ancient spacefaring race called the protheans on mars . 
  with the technology from these ruins , humanity learned the secrets of mass effect physics and element zero , unlocking faster-than-light travel . 
  humans also discovered the mass relay network that threaded the galaxy , permitting instantaneous passage across thousands of light-years . 
  humanity began its journey among the stars , encountering various alien races and establishing itself on the galactic stage . 
  the player takes on the role of commander shepard onboard the ssv normandy . 
  a routine mission to recover a prothean beacon on eden prime goes awry when the commander is attacked by geth forces led by a rogue turian spectre named saren arterius , who are also after the beacon . 
  when the commander locates the beacon it activates , imparting strange visions of synthetics slaughtering organics in shepard 's mind before becoming inactive . 
  it turns out that saren is trying to find the conduit , a mysterious device that will lead to the return of the reapers , an ancient machine race believed to be behind the protheans ' demise . 
  shepard becomes the first human spectre and is given command of the normandy with orders to hunt down saren . 
  now it is no longer just about bringing one man to justice , but also to save a galaxy from extinction . 
  so there ya have it . 
  the story behind mass effect and the first missions of me1 . 
  what are the strengths of this game ? 
  characters . 
  this is the # 1 reason why i love this franchise . 
  characters are truly amazing , each one of them having an own back-story and having lots of depth . 
  you can even romance them if you start to get more interested on them . 
  no other game has made me care so much about characters and yes , i have played twd ( it 's a good 2nd though ) . 
  rpg elements . 
  the ability to interact with other people and exploring me universe is really exciting . 
  the feeling when you learn new things and find little details . . it 's amazing . 
  also , you need to make decisions all the time . 
  some of them are minor and some of them will change the outcome of the game . 
  also , there is a paragon and renegade system . 
  paragon is the `` good guy '' and renegade is `` bad , brutal , but not evil '' . 
  the combat . 
  it is horrible in me1 , but it is great in me2 & 3 . 
  because of this imo me1 is overall the weakest game in the franchise even though it might have the best story . 
  in me2 & 3 they really nailed it , and we can see perks of it in me3 multiplayer ( it 's good , i do n't recommend skipping it ! ) . 
  the story . . well i have divergent opinions about it . 
  while all rpg elements and amazing characters really manage to bring amazing sp story and experience , the main story itself is n't really amazing . 
  but that is irrelevant in my opinion . 
  so , do i recommend this game ? 
  absolutely , yes !, 
  it is not 100 % linear as you might 've ask , but it is much more linear-type game than open world . 
  so do n't bother yourself with that . 
  if you do n't mind some minorish spoilers that you might get from [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvqyn2rjfva ) fanmade trailer , then i recommend checking that out . 
  are those console players * really * that bad usually ? 
  i mean at 2:15 , 5 guys in front of you , you kill them easily , nobody realizes what is going on and then later at 2:28 nobody is shooting at you , like they did n't even notice you . 
  or like 3:15 that recon is just bouncing in front of you . . what ? 
  they were pretty much nothing but barbaric vikings when bluetooth governed . 
  what 's so bad about kim jung ? 
  i wish i had friends like you , just giving away gaming pcs . . 
  power hour , nukes for everyone !, 
  ignorance .
