  you get lots of infantry resources if you are in a vehicle which you can spend on additional medkits while you need to have that 350 infantry points ready for that max when you really need it . 
  i can clearly see that this is 4chan content . . 
  i just watched your first video , and you are abusing two major bugs . 
  you can argue that bugs are part of the experience but still , that is completely abuse in this case . 
  no honor in such a petty moves like these . 
  launching a floater without losing their turn and overwatching with squadsight snipers after they 've moved . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by-e0axt2ak ) the video . 
  `` minions !, 
  your master demands your effort ! '', 
  even tb prob . 
  thinks that this is stupid . . but if people really wants his merchandise , i do n't blame tb for selling this . 
  not just the shirt itself , but the video too . 
  c'mon , did n't you think that this video was n't cheesy & cringe-worthy at all ? 
  alright , it is certainly clear that you are not ready for i/i . 
  you might beat c/i with your tactics , but that does n't work with i/i . 
  the basic rule for i/i is that full cover is no cover . 
  if enemies see you and you are in cover , you are screwed . 
  you do n't have enough hp to tank their shots : a single sectoid can kill your rookie , even if it is not a crit . 
  only cover is either out of line of sight or hunkered down behind * indestructible * full cover . 
  smoked full cover could definitely save you , but even in that case sectoid has a 15 % chance on hitting you ( not counting in range bonuses ) . 
  you should kill your enemies before ~ ~ you move ~ ~ your enemy is able to shoot you . 
  that means lots of knowledge : you must/should know where enemy spawns are , how to trigger your enemies so you can kill them in the same turn , knowing exactly how line of sight mechanics work . . yeah . 
  if you are interested on how the game works , check out [ this playthrough ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpbtkbv4l2y ) from zemalf . 
  he pretty much knows everything about the game , so you might learn lots of stuff from him , 
  also , one final tip for you : if the shot is n't 100 % and it does n't do the required minimum damage , do n't count on it . 
  i 've missed 99 % shots couple times and oh boy how i felt pissed . 
  but you just have to deal with it : grenades are a guaranteed 100 % shot , so you should count on them . 
  i 'm implying to the first two months . 
  if you have managed your stuff well , you have basically won the game and you can play the game `` normally . '', 
  i noticed that this game utilizes tons of audio assets from the battlefield franchise . 
  i guess that they 're allowed to do that , since ea gave them a permission to use c&c ~ ~ ea ~ ~ ip as long as the project remains free . 
  i 've purchased sc multiple times through steam - no problems or what-so-ever at all . 
  that depends on what 's your experience on other fps games . 
  if you have a good situational awareness , aim and other important fps skills , then you wo n't be having such a problem adapting to the massive scale of this game . 
  however , if you are not familiar with fps games . . then you have a bumpy road ahead . 
  you played sty , it was a very enjoyable game to watch . 
  i ca n't wait for your next week game against tb !, 
  i would n't purchase it , especially if you are playing games slightly more competitive way . 
  the gunplay in its current state is extremely broken , so the game will cause you mostly nothing but frustration . 
  you will get shot behind walls ** all the time . 
  ** and no , i am no exaggerating . 
  if you are somewhat experience fps player , you will feel how you were killed on places where you were couple seconds ago , and you could have prevented your death if the game was slightly more responsive . 
  they have done some fixing , but in my standards the game is still unplayable . 
  you should check back when ( if ) the game gets fixed in the future . 
  dice has made some promises that they 're going to fix these issues in the near future , but i 'd be skeptical . 
  i really liked luperza , but radarx seems like a pretty cool dude too . 
  at least he 's not an automatic bot which replies `` we really appreciate community feedback '' or anything like that , so that already is enough for me to be convinced . 
  well , there are many things to learn about this game , but [ watching this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uriu143si3w ) video is a good way to start . 
  more hats . 
  it 's just one of those things that soe failed to deliver . 
  hey , remember how hossin supposed to come out in april 2013 ? 
  well , i 'm certainly interested in . 
  well , there 's chivalry : medieval warfare . 
  note that the focus is purely on mp . 
  it 's a special mission . 
  it 's better that you 'd not spoil it for yourself , because the element of surprise is the reason why that mission is so exciting . 
  i think that there should be only a single squad available . 
  you see , on certain maps certain squads are much more efficient than the others , like watcher gene mod soldiers are extremely efficient in vertical maps like police station , while this particular gene mod is pretty much useless in maps like boulevard . 
  or how dead eyes are efficient in maps like ruined fishing village , but very inefficient in xcom hq . 
  i even know some * extremely * cheesy tactics that will decimate my opponent , if i just get the right map . 
  in ranked , you do n't know what map comes ahead so your squad must be prepared for everything . 
  that is how this tournament should work like too imo . 
  generally speaking : people are assholes and you just need to deal with it . 
  can you elaborate that `` 3 squad method '' ? 
  so we have to make 3 squads and tell them what we 're going to use ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i already have about a half dozen of different 20k loadouts , so . . yeah . 
  so this sub is apparently r/lememesmasterrace instead of r/pcmasterrace nowadays . . 
  huh . 
  also , this image , just like the rest of the r/adviceanimals content , are not related to pcmasterrace at all . 
  if there 's an evga logo in the picture or something like that , i * might * find it acceptable . 
  it 'd be low-effort most likely too . 
  well you needed like 300xp with jets before that , which was pretty much nothing , at least when compared to 100 certs . 
  every time i kill arquinas . 
  no , that 's actually 10th game on pc . 
  okay , battlefield online was pretty much a copy-paste of battlefield 2 , but i still think that it counts . 
  counter-strike is * the * grand shooter on pc . 
  cs : go is currently on sale , so i highly recommend picking it up !, 
  i dunno about dragon age , but you definitely are the protagonist in mass effect , even if you decide to play like a douchebag . 
  well , csgo is a game that you will end up liking or you will get too frustrated and wo n't like it . 
  you should definitely give it a go , it 's only ~ $ 4 at the moment !, 
  valve has micro-transactions in their biggest mp titles , and people still love these games . 
  those micro-transactions are extremely fair and players can actually make money out of it , by selling the stuff which they have earned . 
  so what is your point ? 
  you should n't open crates unless you are opening dozens of them at the same time . 
  if you unlock like only 2-3 at the same time , you are almost guaranteed to lose money . 
  what did we learn ? 
  never keep soldiers together if there 's explosives around . 
   on the other hand , creative sundy placement is something i consider more of a good thing than a bad thing, 
  on the other hand , a creative way to use of is also a good thing in my opinion . 
  i did n't expect to see you here . . 
  iirc the refund policy which they currently have did n't exist back then . 
  when i was a noob back in the beta days , i had no idea that terminals could be hacked . 
  that 's why i destroyed them all the time , and i think that other noobs figure out it in a similar way . 
  sennheiser is a really solid choice too . 
  they 're also german , 
   with all that in mind , the sci-fi aspect is n't as strong as you would imagine . 
  not to mention that pretty much all tech in bf2142 exists on today 's, 
  world , at least on experimental/theoretical level . 
  all weapons are projectile-based , walkers are fueled by tiny nuclear reactors , emp is used in many small gadgets ( like mines and grenades ) , eu tank is still running on with tracks . .
