  people can really teach people to do it proper way . 
  also , watching different threads about pc builds can really help them to learn , because they 'll learn new stuff all the time . 
  i personally dislike nintendo . 
  they just keep recycling same ips and do nothing new . 
  even though there 's no online fees and that other stuff , wii & wiiu are true potatoes . 
  and those existing ips ? 
  not interesting imo . 
  edit : downvotes because you disagree and fail to elaborate why ? 
  way to go r/pcmasterrace . . 
  how is this related to xcom ? 
  since when they have created something new ? 
  wii fit & sports ? 
  that was nearly 8 years ago !, 
  sorry , but i ca n't defend nintendo in this case . 
  other companies are creating new ips ( like watch dogs , titanfall and destiny ) all the while nintendo is just making . . sequel after sequel . 
  also , it 's not about `` nintendo is doing its own thing '' , it 's about others ignoring nintendo . 
  overall wiiu is a bad console and developers simply refuse to make games for it . 
  low processing power made most of the devs simply overlook it ; early on it had promising exclusives like zombiu which would take the advantage from the gamepad and games like me3 ported for it , but after low amount of consoles sold and the amount of effort doing games for it left nintendo almost alone . 
  so yeah , sorry for hurting those who think this console is awesome , but imo it just is n't . 
  low processing power combined with recycled ips . . 
  if you are fancy on all those mario/zelda sequels then sure , go for it !, 
  but me ? 
  no thanks . 
  even though it 's not an fps , you 'd might like mass effect . 
  it has a great story and characters ; imo the game has the best npcs out of all games . 
  gameplay is clunky in the first game , but so was bioshock too . 
  alright , i agree with your points . 
  forgot the 101 completely . 
  it was a good conversation i must admit . 
  the one thing that really lacks in bf3 & bf4 map designs is the lack of conquest : assault . 
  most of the popular bf2 maps were conquest : assault , and for a good reason . 
  because there is no `` defending '' team who has a capturable main base , battles are n't so intense . 
  conquest feels more like running from flag to flag instead of capturing and holding key areas . 
  i had a great blast in b2k : it actually felt like some of the captures really mattered . 
  that feel when you take back tv tower or that airbase . . you actually feel like you 've done something really important for your team : and you actually did !, 
  then what does bf4 have ? 
  capturing the main flag grants you a crappy missile for your commander ? 
  or even worse , gunship ? 
  no , those things are n't worth fighting for . 
  conquest : assault had it 's faults : if defending teams has only one flag left , it would end up being a massive farm for defending team : i still have traumas from wake island ne flag when three enemy jets are raining down bombs while the chopper is spinning around the flag . . gosh . 
  i disliked normal conquest in previous bfs , and i do n't like it currently either . 
  maps would be much better if they were conquest assault . 
  imagine if siege of shanghai was conquest assault : chinese controlled every single flag , but there would n't be uncapturable flags for them . 
  the tv tower would be the main base for chinese : that flag grants an attack chopper for them . 
  us had an aircraft carrier where they would launch their assault . 
  imagine that intense moment when the map starts , boats are trying to land on the coast while defenders are raining hell on them . . good lord . 
  explosives are excellent tools which you should utilize . 
  they are guaranteed to hit and they destroy most of the cover types . 
  cars and pillars usually wo n't get destroyed . 
  the second tip i have is cover . 
  there are two types of covers : low and high cover . 
  [ look at this picture . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/txi9d.jpg ) high cover grants you 40 defense while low cover grants 20 defense . 
  if you are not in cover you will get 0 defense and the enemy has higher chance to crit you . 
  for example , sectoids have 65 aim . 
  if you are in low cover , they have 45 % chance to hit you , because aim 65 minus defense 20 = 45 % chance . 
  if you are in low cover , the sectoid only has 25 % chance to hit you !, 
  if you want to learn what your odds are to hit and what things affect to it , press f1 ( or info button on consoles , dunno what button it is . ), 
  do n't scout ahead with your second move : if you face an enemy group with your second move , you ca n't move your soldier at all . 
  when you 're going to scout more , wait for the next turn . 
  you should also keep in mind the hit chances . . you should always attempt to get a better shot on your enemies ; flank them if it 's possible or destroy their covers . 
  other tips : always keep researching . 
  never keep your scientists idling !, 
  also , you should attempt to get more engineers rather than scientists if it 's possible , because without them you ca n't build anything !, 
  keep building satellites all the time . 
  they are the key for victory . 
  each satellite reduces the panic on that specific country . 
  a country who has satellite will also grant scientists/engineers and money on the end of the month . 
  when you build stuff , you should build specific stuff adjacent . 
  each adjacent satellite grants you 1 extra satellite slot , each adjacent laboratory/gene lab grants you extra 10 % research time . 
  each workshop/foundry/cybernetics lab grants you 7 % refund after building stuff . 
  early on mecs are much better than gene mods : mecs can take some punishment because they have so many hitpoints . 
  later on invest on gene mods . 
  do n't forget to upgrade your aircraft !, 
  you can deal with smaller ufos with stock equipment , but once bigger ufos arrive . . you 'll be in trouble . 
  this is how i lost my first playthrough . 
  do n't be a perfectionist !, 
  you will lose lots of soldiers . . so do n't quit if one of them dies !, 
  if 3 of them or your whole squad gets wiped . . then i recommend to reload your save . 
  also , watch some let 's plays !, 
  [ zemalf ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpbtkbv4l2y ) is very good at this game and explains pretty well what he 's doing . 
  he 's also playing on the hardest difficulty , so you can apply the stuff you learn to your difficulty as well . 
  gamestop actually has sometimes pretty good pc deals out there . 
  i bought me3 for 10 bucks 3 months after the launch - no regrets !, 
  also in my local gamestop there is 3 pc games for twenty bucks - those games are n't anything new but still pretty good . 
  this might sound harsh but . . it was the community . 
  there were n't those douchebags running around doing their own thing while doing hackusations on everybody who killed them . 
  instead of that people actually worked like a team ; sticking together , doing supportive actions all the time , filling the roles of team which were lacking . . it was really great . 
  obviously there are other big pros and cons , but mod tools are the second biggest lacking features in newer bfs . 
  this franchise would n't literally exist anymore without mod tools . 
  after bf : v dice was in trouble , because they had to make a successful game or the franchise might die . 
  so what did they do ? 
  they hired modding team behind bf1942 desert combat mod , and created battlefield 2 together . 
  bf2 really was a golden age for bf modding : tons of great mods were created . 
  project reality is one of the best , if not the best tactical shooter out there . 
  [ it still has an active community !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxfvjwzwxpy ), 
  either that aint real tb or he is serious . 
  [ he could be serious ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbbdm9mmdys ) if we look at this video . 
  the biggest problem with lmgs is the lack of accuracy .
