  for m1911 however , i use the flat now as well . 
  because reasons . 
  anyone seen clint eastwood 's movies ? 
  all these downvotes lol . 
  bf4 was massive pile of shit back in the day , only the most `` loyal '' fanboys can deny that . 
  constantly crashing servers with unacceptable 10 tickrate ? 
  you literally died 1 second later after you had dashed to solid cover . 
  game-breaking bugs such as silenced dmr 's muting the whole server ? 
  the whole disaster in which popular youtubers were paid to lie about game 's condition ? 
  the launch of bf4 was infamous , one of the most controversial launches in gaming history in fact . 
  it was one of the most pushing reasons for origin refund system being implemented as pre-orderers were furious at ea for allowing the game to be launched at that condition . 
  iirc even lawsuits were made against ea for faulty advertisement , not delivering a product that they promised . 
  it took them many , many months to fix the game into an acceptable condition . 
  nowadays the title is very good from a technical standpoint . 
  the bottom line here is that as long as you tell that your video is promoted and the game is in a playable condition then there 's nothing wrong on taking a promotion deal . 
  neither of these cases happened to be true . 
  either memorize this or have it on your 2nd monitor . 
  this is true , you can get pretty accurate simply by using your subconscious . 
  with memorizing the ranges you can get your hit accuracy pretty damn close to 100 % . 
  moving targets on the other hand always require your subconscious . 
  * also learning the intervals on your sniper rifle is pretty helpful too . 
  no need to use clunky zeroing or trust your subconscious which can be very deceptive on longer ranges . 
  okay then . 
  i never use the he so i did n't know that . 
  this does n't apply to all people . 
  from what i 've seen many people use a shot or two to correct their shot when engaging from a longer distance . 
  that there may give you a decisive disadvantage . 
  and in case of sniper rifles . . well , the vast majority of first shots are always misses . 
  the first missed whistle should be enough for you to escape . 
  if you know the ranges however , then a stationary target at , let 's say 250 meters is always a skill , no matter what the weapon or scope is . 
  yes , i do !, 
  [ i am using these charts linked on this post . 
  ] ( http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf4/forum/threadview/2955065222044908332/1/ ), 
  please note that some of these values might be inaccurate as they are quite old . 
  also , since you ca n't have zeroing at 0m anymore you need to add the amount of zeroing to each interval . 
  this means for example that using 100m zeroing with jng-90 & 20x scope is 280 meters at the 0.5 interval . 
  i really dislike the change with the system as sniping was just fine without mandatory zeroing - a scope with range finder/pld was everything that you needed to pull accurate shots . 
  it 's a tricky question , but i would say that bf2 is still slightly better . 
  i mean sure , bf4 is vastly superior in terms of graphics and gunplay , but the lack of poor vertical map design , conquest : assault , slower pacing with fewer spawn points & limited sprint and more emphasis on teamwork makes the bf2 a better game in my opinion . 
  that and all the mods gives a decisive advantage to bf2 if we take that into account . 
  it made the pace of the game slower and flanking harder , meaning that the battles were less chaotic . 
  i can understand your point of view but i do n't agree with it in a game like battlefield . 
  also , there were fewer vehicles as well so it meant plenty of walking . 
  sure , it was an annoyance but i find it being better for greater good . 
  it is correct . 
  seriously . 
  exactly this . 
  if you are up to a challenge then dirt rally is definitely the way to go . 
  ## no kukas hazardi ? 
  ## no vissiin hazardi, 
  so . . project reality ? 
  edit : if you are seriously interested in battlefield 1982 , go and download project reality mod for battlefield 2 . 
  it literally has most of the features that are suggested in here . 
  it 's now standalone , meaning that you do n't need bf2 in order to play it . 
  just make sure that you use a microphone as it 's mandatory . 
  graphics probably wo n't improve by that much , but it 's the features and content that 's severely lacking : a good reason to not to buy the game yet . 
  exactly this . 
  even though the mines could be slightly harder to see they still are pretty useful . 
  during the setup you should roam around the map and place mines on tricky places . 
  this will get you a kill or two on enemies that are n't mindful , or it will at least slow them down and give their position away when they destroy the mine . 
  also , you can use the traps to bait and confuse enemies . 
  you could put yourself in a flanking position , wait them to come and focus on the mine , and then you can just pick them off nicely from a tiny hole or something . 
  if you like tactical shooters then sure , this game is pretty much a must-buy . 
  this game is the best mainstream tactical shooter i have seen in a long , long time . 
  some of the gameplay mechanics like barricading , grappling hook , drone control and breaching are innovative and very well done . 
  the damage model also forces you to sweep through every corner as a single bullet to your head is always an instant kill : run & gun is not a viable option . 
  i would argue that this game is what counter-strike would be if it was done today . 
  but . . there 's always a but . 
  networking issues are aggravating . 
  tickrate is fucking abysmal : i have been killed behind corner way too many times . 
  there 's simply too much advantage for the peeker : it 's nearly as bad as battlefield 4 was during its launch . 
  there have been reports of shitty bugs as well but i have n't experienced them personally . 
  so is there a future for this game ? 
  yes , most definitely . 
  with ubisoft releasing all the new maps and operators for free and ( hopefully ) fixing the networking issues eventually then i can see this game having a good future with healthy community . 
  the gameplay mechanics are simply that good - i can imagine people playing the same maps over and over again hundreds of times just like in titles like counter strike . 
  [ you see ivan , when you kill hostage , terrorists can not kill the hostage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_theater_hostage_crisis ), 
  yes , there are microtransactions that speed up the acquisition times , but it 's still fast to get everything that you need . 
  i 've played the game for six hours or so and i already have the essential operators plus plenty of weapon attachments . 
  on a plus side though all the new maps and operators will be free for everyone . 
  if you own the 30 $ season pass then you will play to get new operators week in advance , but i think it 's pretty fair for a triple a title . 
  vice city was definitely my favourite . 
  the setting in the 80 's miami-like city with solid plot and amusing missions is the best package that gta has so far delivered . 
  sure , it had its shortcomings like the map being quite small , and the graphics in today 's standard are rubbish to say the least , but i still find it being my favorite gta . 
  cruising around while listening to 80 's club music from artists like wang chung was the shit . 
  they are quite terrible tbh . 
  sure , newbies might back off when they see missiles coming from towns , but playing against competent players means that your opponents are dauntless vs your 15ap - that stuff wo n't even ohk 2 armor . 
  comparing that unit to gornos '90 with their sweet 26ap and mtv 's is just plain unfair , even if the mg is better and it 's slightly cheaper . 
  i guess you could put it that way , there 's not that many decent options for us inf so there 's room for this gimmicky area denier . 
  that said . . lr '75 now seems like an interesting option for us decks . 
  for 10 points only you would get a machine gun that does n't suck ass as much as the m60 does . 
  when paired with a wheeled transport unit with decent ap ( like smaw or maybe rangers ) i could see them being a decent opener for a wheeled push and just being general cannon fodder . 
  i 've said this before and i 'll say it again : it 's probably an alien class . 
  you know , a bunch of ayys freed from ethereal mind control , ready to return the favour after decades of enslavement . 
  as thorin said , good changes  no changes  bad changes . 
  these recent changes were definitely bad . 
  if you think that adding extra rng to the game is a good change then i dunno . . you would develop this game into a terrible condition . 
  you could nerf weapons at range like adding extra damage drop-off - you could still land the shots instead of relying on luck . 
  [ every us player 's fantasy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jabds-hn5a ), 
  t-34 is not uhm . . not a transport ?
