  well you are br100 , are n't you ? 
  if you manage to play that much , no wonder you get bored with it . 
  seriously , if you played a game for hundreds of hours , that means that the game is great . 
  you just ca n't keep playing anything forever without getting fed up . 
  keep in mind that this is actually a good thing . 
  having multiple clients and stores means that there is competition . 
  having competition means lower prices , because different companies want your money . 
  on consoles there is no competition : sony/ms/nintendo completely owns the platform , so they can pretty much decide the price . 
  that 's why console games are expensive . 
  that 's what you get for being a peasant !, 
  ^ ^ that ^ ^ was ^ ^ a ^ ^ joke ^ ^ ^ dont ^ ^ ^ hurt ^ ^ ^ me, 
  you can slay peasants - what else do you need to know ? 
  wan na win on rush as an attacker ? 
  use smoke !, 
  spamming smoke is n't so rewarding as killing enemies , but at least you can feel good about you 're the reason why your team won . 
  i ca n't wait the day when that shit gets removed/nerfed . 
  it 's so powerful that i refuse to use it . 
  and when i see somebody using it on mp . . it makes my blood boil . 
  if you have the money , though . 
  keyboards are the least relevant factor on playing games . 
  it really does n't effect your performance if you have a $ 10 keyboard or $ 100 keyboard . 
  but having a $ 10 mouse or a headset over a $ 100 variant ? 
  massive difference !, 
  edit : i guess i get bashed by downvotes even though i have n't been proven wrong . . so has this sub really have so low standards nowadays ? 
  i do n't understand why everybody is complaining about heavy barrel so much . . sure , extra recoil makes the gun harder to use but if you can compensate for that , you have more precise weapon !, 
  muzzle break/compensator : easier to handle , less rewarding . 
  hb : harder to handle , more rewarding !, 
  from my personal experience , it 's the 1st shot recoil that messes the gun most . 
  m249 has 1x first shot recoil , so having that hb is pretty much a direct buff for it . 
  so , solution for hb ? 
  reduce first-shot recoil to 25 % . 
  50 % for rest of the bullets is fine , because it rewards using skill . 
  you can control recoil but you ca n't control spread . . so do n't use it if you ca n't handle it !, 
  yeah it 's an enjoyment factor , that 's for sure . 
  but still , if you can choose only 2 good products out of keyboard/mouse/headphone , the keyboard should go . 
  well , this applies to e-sports part . 
  planetside 2 is clearly about massive battles but still , developers are trying please e-sports crowd . 
  e-sports are terrible on bf but let 's be honest , it 's worse on ps2 . 
  well then . . [ time to spread the word !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_4/comments/1tquxl/lets_worship_our_one_true_god_lord_gaben/ ), 
  gta v is coming soon to pc . 
  i 'd hold your horses on that one . 
  i 'd recommend getting for tlou and rdr though . 
  wait , what ? 
  bf4 has a single-player ? 
  this is coming from a c/i who does n't struggle with it anymore . 
  always keep training on more soldiers . 
  you will lose lots of men . 
  if you massively fail in your mission , you must have extra veterans to back up . 
  i lost 20 soldiers on my last playthrough , but i had an almost equal number of soldiers who were lieutenants or better . 
  however , early on i do kinda recommend getting lots of high-leveled soldiers . 
  once you unlock your first sergeant , get the officer training school . 
  that way you can unlock 5-man squads and the missions will be easier then . 
  after that get a captain , and unlock 6-man squad . 
  after that the basic rule is this : 2 rookies/squaddies , 2 corporals/sergeants and 2 lieutenants/captains/majors . 
  you are free to improvise but you should keep this basic guideline . 
  ** dont use colonels unless you really have to . 
  ** seriously , they are your best soldiers who wo n't get any extra xp . 
  use them on main story mission or if there is nothing to back up your newbies . 
  on smaller ufos and exalt missions you should also can take worse soldiers , since these missions are not that hard . 
  also , one great tip that many newbies overlook : shivs . 
  these killing machines do a lot of damage and they are expendable : it 's better to sacrifice a robot instead of a soldier , because you will lose nothing but money ( and possibly resources ) if they get destroyed . 
  however , you should try to give your soldiers those kills so they would get the xp . 
  also i do n't recommend sacrificing your shivs unless you really have to , because they cost money and your whole squad loses the 20xp boost if somebody gets killed/destroyed . 
  alright , it 's counterable but still , do n't you agree that this should n't be the case ? 
  400 points for insanely powerful ability is just absurd to me , especially since other cloaking options are just way too expensive to use in 10k game . 
  beautiful . 
  oh you mean the bioelectric skin ? 
  well no , it does n't completely counter it . 
  you can flank your opponent with it . 
  i once had two squad-sight snipers who flanked me and killed two of my guys . 
  my bioelectric skin noticed the seeker who was giving the line of sight for those meme skin snipers , but i was still pretty badly down . 
  i think that there should be a timer for mimetic skin . . 4 turns maybe ? 
  other , more expensive cloaking options are limited , so i do n't understand why the cheaper one should have permanent cloak . 
  and make it that you need to activate it and you will stay 4 turns invisible if you stay on full cover . 
  internet monthly usage ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  i thought that limited bandwith only existed on mobile networks nowadays . 
  where do you live exactly ? 
  alright , i see . 
  too bad for you i guess : /, 
  at least it aint cod ghosts . . 
  bf is an arcade shooter too . 
  if jumping out of your jet and shooting the jet on your tail with your rpg and getting in back to your jet is n't arcadey , then i do not know what the hell is . 
  you must be joking . . bf4 is filled with whining kids and douchebags as well . 
  this was the main thing that killed bf for me . 
  when bf3 came out all those ex-cod players started to play bf and started to fanatically protect bf3 and go hostile against anybody whose critizing or giving feedback on bf . . just like they defended cod back in the day . 
  i really ca n't believe that this will happen for ps too but . . who knows ? 
  and you 're more than little bit white . 
  it 's even possible that rockstar wo n't even give us modding tools this time , because they 've already started milking money with micro-transactions on multiplayer , which ruins the fun because it has turned mp into money-grinding . 
  i certainly hope that rockstar would n't be so greedy in hope of some micro-transaction profit , but we 'll see . 
  tb sucks in shooters and to be honest , he aint that good on other games either . 
  well uhh . . that depends . 
  going east has better roads to drive by , since they feel more . . natural and alive . 
  but since the vanilla game already has tons of roads , i do n't recommend getting going east unless you really get into vanilla game . 
  oh my . . [ those leveling requirements ] ( http://bf2awards.com/ranks/ ) were nothing but pure insanity !, 
  so basically : if you want to reach max rank , you must have 200k points ( you get 2 points for killing , 4 points for capturing a flag , 1 point for kill assist/flag capture assist/revive/resupply etc. 
  ) , you must have played the game for 1440 hours and you must be ** the best player of the month **, 
  if bf3 max rank was shitbucket , then bf2 max rank was a shitbarrel . 
  just wondering . . what actually are the followups for portent ?
