  these missiles . . what was dice thinking when they added these to the game ? 
  they are not game-breaking but still , they should n't exist ( just like chopper heatseekers , but this is just my opinion ) . 
  the number one problem i have with these is the tiny alert time . 
  when you get the lock-on alert and you do not have flares , there is no time to prepare your jet for impact . 
  thanks to the disabling mechanic your jet will crash if you are on a bad position . 
  on heatseekers/passive radar you can prepare for that impact , but on active radar ? 
  fat chance . 
  the second issue i have with this is that ecm jammer is worthless against them , unless you manage to watch behind your tail and see those missiles incoming . 
  if there is something that is immune to ecm jammer , then why bother with it at all ? 
  [ levelcap made a video about bloating ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvqcbcpzsba ) and currently ecm jammer is one of those worthless features : just like flares , it is supposed to counter missiles but it just ca n't do everything what flares can . 
  the third problem i have with active radar missiles is that flares do n't work always against them . 
  i do not know if this was intentional or not or possibly the netcode somehow screws it , but flares just dont always counter them . 
  combined with short alert time , active radar missiles can take you down instantly and there 's nothing that you can do about it . 
  then there are other issues such as you do n't need to lock-on , but the main issue is clear : ** they are very hard to counter and it is n't even always possible . 
  so , solution ? 
  if they 'd manage to add a longer warning time to them , active radar missiles would still be a direct upgrade from heatseekers . . 
  so my suggestion is this :, 
  remove them completely . 
  there 's no way that you can balance these without making them on-par with heatseekers , and then the game would have another weapon which would be nothing but slightly different variant of another weapon . 
  of course , you could nerf them to hell but then they would be just another useless tool . 
  edit : this post turned into a flamewar about maa vs aircraft , attack jet overpowerness and how jet pilots are faggots . 
  and it was supposed to be about active radar missiles . 
  so today i was playing some xcom mp , like usual . 
  couple wins here , couple loses there . . not a big deal . 
  however , today i missed two , almost-guaranteed shots : 98 % and 97 % . 
  wow . 
  that was a shock . 
  i know it 's * possible * , but still , missing those two shots in the same bloody day . . it sucks . 
  especially since i 've missed 99 % only once in sp !, 
  also , i kinda feel like that i miss more shots than on sp . 
  is that because actions on mp matter more than on sp , and i just feel mad ? 
  or are the hit chances really messed up ? 
  the second statement would be logical because the mp is overall a broken pos . 
  so firstly : i managed to beat c/i couple months ago . 
  after that i decided to strike up i/i . 
  after 20 + attempts i could n't get past the first month , so i decided to ragequit and do something else . 
  after watching that perfect zemalf playthrough and playing a hefty amount of mp , beating some people , including some of those who are in top 10 , i thought that now i was ready to attempt i/i . 
  zemalf taught me a lot of stuff such as movement , not moving with the heavy first etc. 
  i adopted his aggressive playstyle and combined it with my defensive playstyle : kill the enemy group in the first turn or if that is not possible , stay out of los or hunker down behind solid cover and wait for the enemy to get closer for you . 
  decimate the group once they are close enough . 
  usually i also use a flanking team whose gon na take those shots . 
  couple attempts later i finally managed to get to the second month : i lost three countries but because sat rush was n't an option and i did n't get council mission , that was n't an option . 
  i also lost just one soldier . 
  i had a sergeant assault , corporal heavy and support and a squaddie sniper . 
  support and heavy aim left a lot to be desired : because i had hidden potential and not created equally , they only had 57 aim . 
  but that 's okay : heavy is the rocket dude and he improves the aim with his holo-targeting ( bullet swarm is better but with that aim , he 's not gon na hit anything ) and my support was going to be the medic . 
  so , things were looking really good . 
  only couple more days and i would convert my assault to a mec . 
  he has good aim , good hitpoints and good special ability : perfect unit for tanking . 
  but on day 2 comes and . . it 's an abduction mission . 
  so i was against 4 seekers , 3 floaters and 3 sectoids . 
  this mission was actually pretty easy to deal with because seekers are n't so deadly but they managed to wound all my soldiers . 
  my assault was the only one who managed to come out unharmed . 
  so , everybody is healing up while i have assault on reserves + a bunch of rookies . 
  day 6 comes and it 's time to make my first mec , which will definitely make the game easier . 
  let 's chop off useless limbs off !, 
  and then only three more days and . . 
  council mission . 
  so , it 's a target mission in that observatory map and i have only bunch of rookies . 
  because i am against nothing but thin men , my rookies will die one-shot , no matter what . 
  no special abilities wo n't help either . 
  i grab my best rookies with 65-75 and send them to their death . 
  it was kinda like sending soldiers to the eastern front in ww2 . . 
  so my plan was this : take the far left side , move extremely slowly and in the end , rush the vip to the lz . 
  there 's no way that these rookies will beat those thin mints . 
  first i cleared the first three mints behind the building . 
  it was a clean execution : they did n't get to even shoot . 
  after that i took the far left side and i accidentally took a wrong step : two thin mints discovered . 
  i quickly dash everybody out of los , but the guy i moved with must take full cover , unhunkered . 
  luckily thin mints missed , so i move him out of los too and wait until they come close . 
  after that i naded them and took two clean exposed shots . 
  thin mints down , sir !, 
  then came the extremely slow advance to the lz . 
  no thin mints dropped and nothing discovered . 
  but then just at the lz , i knew that shit was going to hit the fan . 
  and oh boy it did . 
  4 thin mints . . shit . 
  i took one of them down instantly and set the truck on fire . 
  i move quickly with my vip , hopefully he could dash in the next turn . 
  in the alien turn one of the thin mints land on the truck . 
  also , my first soldier got killed . 
  after that the truck thin man gets killed and i want to dash to cover with vip . . not close enough . 
  so i decide to take some flanking shots against thin men : i got two of them . 
  alien turn begins and i lost another one of my soldiers . 
  this time i get the vip to lz , and i say farewells to my last soldiers . 
  they quickly get behind full cover and hunker down . 
  and you know , that is obviously useless against thin mints . 
  i lost one of my soldiers again . 
  so it 's a 1vs2 situation against thin mints : she ca n't do this . 
  my last soldier takes a flanking shot and successfully kills one of those . . things . 
  but the last mint takes a flanking position and the game is over : mission successful but 4 brave rookies down . 
  after the mission i got bunch of dosh plus some scientists . 
  the panic reduction will definitely helps too . 
  now i got only three piss-poor rookies left , so i need to hire some additional soldiers , wait for my mec trooper to come out of surgery and wait my a-team to get healed up . 
  now let 's hit the scan button , surely nothing bad wo n't happen ? 
  contact detected !, 
  . . oh my god i hate this game !!!, 
  then i ragequit the game and start thinking about suicide again : maybe getting out of this evil world is n't such a bad thing after all ? 
  anyway , i completed very important missions and i was slowly approaching the `` winning zone '' . 
  the game thinks otherwise : apparently i do not deserve that victory .
