  half life 2 dm 200 hours . . 
  what ? 
  only a true badass would use akimbo arc pistols , because real guns are for pussies, 
  if you play games like call of duty . . now it 's time for a change . 
  i highly recommend you to play mass effect 2 first . 
  mass effect 1 is in almost every perspective weaker than me3 . 
  try to focus on the story , characters etc. . 
  combat is not the most important thing . 
  in mass effect 3 , always talk to them after a mission . 
  they usually have something interesting which to talk . 
  play as a vanguard !, 
  it 's the best class to play imo . 
  you just can dive through the battlefield , hit somebody and shoot them with a shotgun . 
  there are other fun classes too but i highly recommend vanguard . 
  take your time . 
  do n't try to do a speedrun . 
  if you rush the game , you will miss a lot of stuff . 
  i said almost every . 
  story and ending + side missions were stronger in me1 , i absolutely agree with that . 
  i guess hemsworth is the scout , and van damme is the blue spy . . 
  i must see that scene done in sfm . 
  where is your server located ? 
  if it 's in europe , i 'm in !, 
  this was my first pc fps . 
  the first fps ever was no one lives forever , for ps2 . 
  the auto-aim helped alot , 
  yes, 
  i have this game too . . it 's in russian . . and it does n't even work . . 
  i have skipped every game and only bought cod 4 , 
  [ the warrior - free for few seconds - [ already dead ] ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqm3yi6kqme ) ( / borderlands 2 spoilers ), 
  it seems like i 'm always stuck in february . . 
  since when l5 riesig has been a character ? 
  there is battlefield 2 pirates mod , where pirates and skeletons fight each other , with pirate weapons and vehicles !, 
  [ here 's the `` trailer '' for it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osskxqrpthy ), 
  stare the timer and fap . 
  loyalty until death !, 
  holy shit it is included in steam . 
  you are nothing but alien scums , 
  as an battlefield veteran , this is all i wanted from battlefield 3 . 
  only thing i would change is that it would a full game , not f2p . 
  but . . 
  i have a mouse and keyboard !, 
  am i not a perfect gamer ? 
  fyi i have played the beta for 2 months . . :p and i absolutely love it . 
  imo i 'd pay the 60 bucks and unlcck all the stuff faster through by playing it . 
  this is just my opinion though . 
  i had played the beta for 2 months . . and i love the game . 
  but , i 'd rather pay the whole price , and get all the stuff faster . 
  but this is just my opinion, 
  who would n't hate vanu lol :p, 
  i have n't put yet anything . . but i will give when i have some money to spare !, 
  too bad , my 2500k 6950 combo can run it only well in medium :(, 
  i have a question about single camoes . . if i buy myself a single camo for my character for example , does it reset when i die ? 
  or does it stay on single character forever , unless i wan na change it ? 
  thanks for reply, 
  that feeling when you really die because of lag , but nobody does n't believe in you , and they call you instead a retard . . 
  but not in cod it would n't really matter, 
  only a tr lightning can do that !, 
  agreed, 
  ok , i 'll edit the description . 
  [ pfft , that 's lame ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_ggtwbateu ), 
  i am an engineer , and i always do that . 
  me and some random dude landed to repair our lib - accidentally killed him while tried to repair, 
  you too ? 
  freezing those husks and blowin ' them up with incinerate is just wayy too awesome . 
  also , with scorpion + flame/cryo ammo it becomes more awesome !, 
  this video is missing some scopes , or they have been changed . . 
  it 's our closest air resource source , and the next one is very far away . 
  so please , stop smashing those smurfs , because vanu is always swarming in to that area !, 
  i absolutely know how you feel . 
  i am battlefield veteran too , seeing how dice has became money-greedy fucks who do n't care about community really hurts my heart . 
  and they have lost the spirit of making a game that long-time fans wanted . 
  it 's all about money nowadays . 
  and the community . . oh my god how the community is full of assholes . 
  i remember first time i played strike at karkand . 
  i typed to a text box how happy i am again being in karkand . 
  somebody replied to me , and said `` stfu u retard '', 
  i have also been several times in servers because `` i was hacking . '', 
  i remember this one round , playing solo , killed 19 dudes with only run and gun . 
  one dude was crying all the time that i was hacking , because i killed him so many times . 
  when i died , i got banned by the admins . 
  once i was talking with some other dude with premium . 
  then one other guy said `` you do n't buy premium because you 're a little kid and your mummy does n't buy you one . '', 
  other people then agreed with him . 
  i am shocked how immature and retarded battlefield community has become . 
  i hope this does n't happen to planetside , because this is all i have left from good battlefield times . 
  i am one of those disheartened bf3 players , and all can i say that soe gets my love . 
  i do n't know how they did it . . nc has least map control in every map . 
  well , vehicles needs more punishment than infantry , so i guess i 'll go with the dalton, 
  alright guys , i made decision . 
  i bought myself a zepher . 
  it was too damn hard decision , dalton might do better in longer ranges but zepher can devastate everything when closer . . 
  i will . 
  i know how beast the infra-red is , 
  welcome to spec-ops camp , recruit !, 
  this is your first test . . 
  so that 's why nc is doing bloody terrible in miller . . 
  i think over 90 % of this subreddit are pay to play . . 
  max ?
