  support guns are generally rubbish . 
  they work well only on close quarters . 
  anti-tank carbines are bad too : do n't expect to pick targets from range . 
  medic is overall the best class in this game . 
  he gets good weapons and defibs + med kits . 
  a good squad has always 2-5 medics ; on pure infantry map 5 medics and 1 support make a perfect squad . 
  if the map has vehicles you need anti-tank too and possibly engineers . 
  if the map has capturable air base , then that should be your squads high value target . 
  if that gets captured then the enemy is going to have a bad time : enemy can not spawn air vehicles anymore and the existing ones can not resupply either . 
  also , other main bases where vehicles spawn are high-value targets too . 
  there are also commander assets at the main base such as artillery and radar . 
  destroying those with c4 prevents enemy commander using them , unless they are repaired again . 
  after you have played that game for a while then maybe you can understand why battlefield 3 was great disappointment for many bf veterans . 
  maybe you do n't end up liking that game either but just . . play the game and have fun !, 
  sorry , i ca n't really help you then : /, 
  atleast he is learning about pc parts . . 
  but we must guide him away from mac heresy !, 
  well i guess i ca n't . 
  if you want to run games like bf4 well on a laptop they cost like 1000 $ -1500 $ ,, 
  why cd drive ? 
  you still need dvds nowadays . . 
  totally agreed with this , there where so many things that made bf2 superior . 
  but there is one thing that i generally dislike about this series : vehicle stealing . 
  yes , it is a punishment for your team because you did n't take your vehicle , but it still gives ridiculously powerful advantage , especially in older titles . 
  i 'd like a version where you ca n't take enemy vehicles , expect jeeps and quad bikes . 
  but that is just me . 
  battlefield 2 , arma 2/3 , red orchestra 2 & rising storm , planetside 2 . . in these shooters communication and teamwork is essential . 
  if you want to go extreme , try battlefield 2 : project reality mod . 
  damn commie !, 
  ahh , rising storm . 
  there 's one reason why i specifically like red orchestra 2 and rising storm : while they are very realistic , they still manage to have that faster paced `` game '' aspect , which arma series and bf2 project reality lack . 
  i forgot to show that the guns are fully loaded ( expect type 99 and trench gun ) , sorry about that . 
  how i did n't even think about that ? 
  man , i feel so shamed now . 
  lies !, 
  [ see , we can have fun too . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64xnam3u9f0 ), 
  for some reason suleiman is my biggest bro . 
  everybody else hates me on a large map and i have only one friend - suleiman . 
  suleiman got pissed only once . 
  maybe that has to do something about nuking his capital . . 
  i do n't know . 
  she kinda looks more like jack imo . 
  expect the wider cheeks which liara have . 
  dice is going too to this pitiful circlejerk ? 
  huh , that is quite sad imo . 
  it 's like [ this amd commercial ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh6xayaltw8 ) , expect battlefield is actually superior . 
  but that is still pitiful . 
  well there are couple of reasons . 
  first of all , there are not 400k in active service . 
  most of them are in reserves , and the total number of soldiers in military service and reserves are about 300-500k soldiers . 
  second , we have big mother russia as our neighbor , and it is not guaranteed that they wo n't invade us in the future . 
  it is possible that history will repeat itself , but currently that is highly unlikely to happen . 
  we are still using national service system . 
  when a man is 19-20 years old , he must complete his national service . 
  he can go either to military service or civil service . 
  most of them go to military service and civil service is kinda like an option for those who can not complete military service due to his physical condition or he just does n't want to . 
  military service lasts from half year to a year , and civil service lasts for a year . 
  women do not have to complete national service at all , but it is optional for them . 
  there are benefits for national service over the volunteer army . 
  biggest reasons are that national army is much cheaper and bigger . 
  finland can mobilize 300-500k troops and our total military expenses are less than 3 billion euroes per year . 
  sweden uses volunteer army . 
  they can mobilize about 50k troops , and their total military expenses are about 5 billion euroes per year !, 
  so finland army is stronk ** and ** cheap . 
  national service is inequal though . 
  men must complete their national service , even against their will . 
  if they refuse they must go to jail for a half year . 
  meanwhile women do not have to do anything about it . 
  in my opinion the pros are much higher than the cons in national service , and it suits much better a small country like finland . 
  edit : swedes also use pitiful tactics . 
  their cold war stradegy was this : when/if soviets invade finland , bomb the crap out of finland . 
  i actually prefer amd over nvidia but still , that commercial is really sad . 
  huh , that is strange . 
  imo amd always makes cards that have more value . 
  atleast their mid-end cards just crush nvidia counter-parts . 
  but when you need the best power to your pc ? 
  nvidia is your choice . 
  i 'd say that they are quite equal , but nvidia is better at high end while amd mid end cards are better . 
  so , if cold war would have escalated into a real war , soviets would have invaded finland too . 
  instead of sending troops to directly support finland , swedes would have bombed us , using us kinda like a meatshield instead of sending direct aid . 
  i attempted to do a joke there toi , but it seems like that it was n't a very good one . 
  it 's about the whole finland vs sweden thing . 
  i love realrook . 
  that lvl100 player just blends in to newbies , because he is n't wearing any cosmetics . 
  it 's just satisfying killing him and i can state to myself `` oh . . that guy '', 
  i hate artorius . 
  he is like daddy , but not as bad as him luckily . 
  he just pops up out of nowhere with his scythe and bam !, 
  you are ded . 
  i also love and hate arquin . 
  because . 
  i agree with you with galaxy logistics part . 
  i also see other thing why these domes are not required : liberators are not terrifying enough . 
  liberators should be the main a2g vehicle in this game . 
  it should do terrifying amounts of damage and ability to tank noticeable amounts of damage too . 
  when you see a liberator you should say `` oh crap , run ! '', 
  instead of `` yay , free certs ! '' . 
  only a2g threat right now are lolpods . 
  if liberators would get buffed then a2a esfs would have another important role : shoot down liberators . 
  if lib guns would be somewhat effective at ranges where skyguards ca n't reach , then a2a esfs would become relevant again too .
