  or you can play mixture of it . 
  also you can play both male and female shepard . 
  game has great combat and is very versatile . 
  note me1 has quite poor combat but you should still play it because of its amazing story and characters . 
  you have six classes to choose from :, 
  - soldier , is specialized in direct combat , is focused on gun play . 
  it is a solid choice but i ca n't remember it , because the other classes are much more entertaining . 
  - infiltrator can turn invinsible ( me2/3 only ) , is specialized in sniping and has other good tech abilities that can disrupt the battle in various ways . 
  - vanguard is specialized to close-quarter combat . 
  it has loads of biotic abilities . 
  his main ability is charge , which allows you to charge to enemies through a battlefield . 
  - sentinel is all about tanking . 
  he can take the largest amount of damage , and has mixture of tech and biotic abilities . 
  - adept is completely focused on biotic abilities . 
  he can throw enemies on battlefield with his biotic abilities and can do other cool stuff . 
  - engineer is completely focused on tech abilities . 
  he can hack enemy turrets and synthetics , disrupt their shields , freeze them or burn them . 
  you also have two squadmates which you can give orders and are very versatile , usually specialized on a single class . 
  what else i should mention . 
  - mass effect 2 won 14 goty awards, 
  - if i had to pick the best game/franchise in the last 10 years it would be mass effect, 
  just buy the trilogy !, 
  bundles are usually ~ 50 % off the normal price . 
  last time i played civ 5 with russia and nuked the crap out of everyone . 
  . . shit, 
  i expected something else than modern-day shooters . 
  battlefield 2143 would have been something really refreshing . 
  battlefield 4 is the 4th modern-day shooter from dice in a row . 
  it is extremely dissapointing . 
  it does not change anything if it has been advertised as modern-day shooter or not . 
  the games what dice makes is completely their decision . 
  `` old '' battlefield did have shooter from many eras . 
  ww2 , vietnam , modern-era and future . 
  all games made with frostbite ( expect 1943 , which was small console spin-off ) has been set in modern era . 
  and the worst thing about is that there are * no * mod tools , which is just an insult to loyal bf fanbase !, 
  if one franchise is famous by it 's modding it is battlefield . 
  and that here is ea logic , unfortunately . 
  they think that if there are mod tools people wont buy their dlc . 
  i refused to buy premium and dlc because they did n't give us mod tools . 
  and their logic is wrong , fortunately . 
  arma 2 was a top-seller on steam for many , many weeks because of dayz . 
  battlefield franchise would 've died after vietnam if developers did n't hire creators of desert combat mod for bf1942 . 
  counter-strike is one of the most successful games out there , which is also originally a mod . 
  it has produced , and is still producing loads of money for valve . 
  many people bought battlefield 2 because of project reality . 
  team fortress was originally a mod ... 
  and the list just keeps continue , telling the successful stories of modding . 
  i just do not understand why ea thinks the opposite . 
  i can confirm this . 
  you will still get buffed assist/critical assist . . so it does n't hurt you so much anymore . 
  i see only one problem with this : what about the attachments ? 
  battlefield online - never heard of that . 
  [ i do not know what to say . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmrl-4kd3hu ), 
  the soundtrack is just gross . 
  i understand if you want to make it different , but please , the amount of bass makes it sound like diarrea mixtured with dubstep . 
  if they want to change it they should make something like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poyzbagvtha ), 
  no , it is complete copy of battlefield 2 . 
  99 % copy . 
  agreed , taking that filthy mani bio lab is impossible . 
  i remember today when we finally captured mani bio lab after a looooong fight . 
  after that we noticed that had lost every single base . 
  remember that you were mainly fighting against plr in bf3 singleplayer . . and you only fight against russians on multiplayer . 
  how does he have that geth hunter hud ? 
  i have shot one of those down . 
  it didnt explode though , it just did 360 vertical loop ans then it did crash ... 
  i have 25 euroes on my steam wallet . 
  how am i gon na use that efficiently, 
  2500sc is 22 $ . 
  3000 is like . . 28 $ ? 
  man this is depressing . 
  space stations ... ? 
  absolutely !, 
  no i did n't , but i agree with you . 
  shooting that down was not so easy , and even 25xp would make me a happy man . 
  if i remember right there is also going on genophage of killer bees on central america or something . . 
  only vs ones look exciting imo . 
  tr and nc are kinda lime . 
  and this is why i play planetside 2 . 
  is it just me or is her skin tone wrong ? 
  this is just filthy vs propaganda !, 
  we still do have all the continents . 
  that was a pitiful attempt . . 
  actually , we are winning right now . 
  we have the continent lock on every ~ ~ server ~ ~ continent . 
  nc and vs have been trying to remove it from the indar for the whole day . 
  tr has survived because we 've had at least 1 base under our control . 
  we have tried to capture skydock multiple times with max crashes so we could secure our lock , unsuccessfully . 
  finally someone decided to go and capture the crown , and now our easter is secured , because capturing indar is basically impossible when we have the crown . 
  shepard . 
   never having played the previous titles, 
  . . i think you have done a great mistake . 
  downvoting is a way to tell that we do not like your idea . . no reason to rustle your jimmies because of that . 
  i think you are mixturing battlefield 1 & 2 to battlefield : bad company 1 & 2 . 
  there is no such a game called battlefield 1 and battlefield 2 is pc exclusive which was released on 2005 . 
  first bf is battlefield 1942 , released 2002 . 
  civ 5 is not rts , even though it is really good game . 
  you should go and check the c&c tiberium saga ( aka c&c 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 ) . 
  story is great , cutscenes are good and kane is just . . 
  i would worship if he was real !, 
  c&c 1 & 2 are quite old , but that should n't be a problem for you since you 've played starcraft 1 .
