  and oh boy there are many of them . 
  [ this one here , ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa48w2nkodw ) for example , is a german crap simulator . 
  i seriously hope that they do n't fuck this up . 
  ues was such a disaster and if this is even equal . . oh boy . 
  working on a natural wonder is the same as working on different tiles . 
  you just need to order a person to work on them . 
  how powerful are nukes ? 
  how much damage they do to cities and units ? 
  also , please tell the accurate difference between the bomb and missile . 
  so , this is the definition of `` casual '' cosplay, 
  my first games on immortal did n't go well : ai always got so ahead on science even though i rushed my national college . . 
  i was n't very comfortable in g&k with immortal even though i won it with many times , but bnw just was a crush for me . 
  i mainly prefer heavy metal/hard rock etc , from 70-90s . 
  ac/dc , black sabbath , van halen , mot\u00f6rhead , rammstein . . but still , i 'm pretty open to anything . 
  i also like listening video game oss , c&c being my favourite . 
  frank klepachi . . that man is a legend . 
  i heavily dislike dubstep , all sorts of `` electric music '' and modern pop ( you know , 95 % of the songs tell either about loving , breaking up or partying ) . 
  nah , i did n't like hardcore . 
  it removes key bf features such as spotting , and you die too fast in it . 
  the balance is fairly equal , but numbers always slightly favors tr . 
  but when the alert rolls in . . 
  no new bf for next year . 
  and we dont know what the next bf will be . 
  heroes 2 ? 
  gaming community in general has gotten much worse when we compare it to what is was 10 years ago . 
  compare this to cod , mobas , bf or any other mainstream titles and you 'll find out that the ps2 community is fantastic . 
  . . why the hell are you posting this here ? 
  yeah , i had fun . . kinda . 
  the gameplay was intriguing . 
  i 'd bet the game would be decent if i properly knew how to play it . 
  the other part of the fun was to laugh at terrible graphics and framerates . 
  there is no victory in war . 
  only defeat . 
  mass effect, 
  this franchise revolves around characters that you will care about . 
  sometimes you have to do decision that might/will get your crew members killed . 
  sometimes it might even be the ones that you love . 
  it is definitely not as bad as walking dead , but one of my saddest moments of gaming have come from this franchise . 
  also , in the story you are desperately fighting against your inevitable destruction . 
  the franchise has many happy moments but overall you will get many emotional hits . 
  also , me is the best single-player game that i have ever played . 
  each time you rank up , you will gain 2 unlock points . 
  each unlock point grants you a weapon , and you can choose whatever you want . 
  however , if you want tier 2 weapon , you must first unlock tier 1 weapon for that very specific class . 
  if you want p90 for at for example , you need to unlock dao-12 first . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://wiki.bf2s.com//weapons/unlocks#battlefield-2-unlocks ) the full list of unlockable weapons and [ here 's ] ( http://ubar.bf2s.com/ranks.php ) the points required for all ranks . 
  check out weekly challenge at the top left corner . 
  there 's a new challenge every week . 
  also , since the new resource system is coming soon ^ tm , galaxies should also be able to bring supplies . 
  maybe only the half amount what sundy could , just to balance things out . 
  ok , thanks for the advice !, 
  and i promise to post megathreads next time . 
  as a student the 35 $ difference is pretty noticeable , but i 'm thinking about getting 558 and buying the soundcard later . 
  battlefield ? 
  well id say it is . 
  arcade shooter which has tactical elements . 
  but it is more like arcade shooter rather than war simulator with real time physics and damage models . 
  if [ this ] ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=foaghe_seji ) isnt arcadey then i do n't know what the hell is . 
  you are on r/pcmasterrace . 
  the name itself should tell you what kinda of subreddit this is . 
  just get away from here , you stupid pleb . 
  just leave this place , you master trol 2013, 
  it 's really hardcore game where you must be experienced fps player . 
  and i doubt op , not to mention his sister could handle it . 
  kf is a good recommendation though . 
  lots of blood and gore . . if she can handle it then it 's a great game !, 
  well i guess somebody has made a mod for it . 
  if striker mechanics get changed then i demand a refund . 
  i know that thing needs a nerf but still , i bought a lock-on rocket launcher , not a dumb-fire . 
  if it gets changed then fine , i 'll just get annihilator or those two other tr lock-on launchers instead . 
  if that cowl was on the sentinel helmet , i 'd be the happiest player out there !, 
  i 'm 12 and i do n't know that kinda of shit . 
  but jokes aside , if you had that hoodie combined with sentinel then it would resemble tali , but there would be a clear difference between them . 
  so , allow me to explain myself before y' all call me cod lover . 
  this video shows what kinda sp battlefield franchise should have : ability to control every single individual but mainly have a strategic overview of a big battle , and do decision that matters . 
  basically an rts but your units can handle themselves . . for a while . 
  battlefield 2 : modern combat sp was good imo . 
  that was a time when dice had balls to take risks and experiment something new . 
  it was clear that they did n't want to do generic fps , they wanted to do something that would still be battlefield , even though it is sp . 
  so basically you get x amount of different units , and you will get reinforcements once you complete certain objectives . 
  you can change the unit which you possess at any time . 
  if your unit gets killed which you were possessing , you will swap to another one . 
  if all of your units get killed , then you will lose . 
  even though i liked it the lack of more rts elements was disappointing . 
  and apparently cod strike team does have some of it . 
  if they would take the concept of bf2 : mc and take it even further and remove all that scripted slow-mo tacticool crap , then i would n't call bf campaigns jokes . 
  i 'm just so tired about evil bad russian terrorists wanting to nuke america and start ww3 , something different would be nice !, 
  your move , cod . 
  only if they had done a deal with android back in the day , they would be the industry leader today . . : /, 
  the game is definitely better when played in co-op , but the experience is still good if you play it alone . 
  ^ this, 
  if you are a good esf pilot then you should grab esf with lolpods and farm some groups that have little-to-none aa cover . 
  do not stay still , always unload your lolpods and then get out . 
  if crops are fighting back then search better fields . 
  also , map awarness . 
  you should constantly scout your map and figure out where are good crop fields . 
  also , if some facilities are just about to get captured then you should fly there asap and grab that exp . 
  needlepipe already explained you why you do n't sc , but i 'd like also mention that most of the weapons in ps2 are only sidegrades , and stock weapons are generally good . 
  you definitely should buy micro-transactions and buy cosmetics , just like in every f2p game that you like . 
  thats a good way to show your support .
