  even though mec is in bc1 , it would n't make any sense . 
  mec has also different flag in bc1 . 
  first in bf2 , usa&eu are fighting against mec&c hina . 
  russia did give eu access to move troops in its territory . 
  later mec & china invade usa . 
  then let 's move to bc1 : russia are fighting against usa in kaukasus , with no good explanation , prob . 
  something to do with oil ( wild guess . ), 
  then in bc2 russia starts world conquest , capturing pretty much whole world expect usa . 
  so yeah , the whole story is shit and does not make any sense , no wonder they tried to make a re-boot . 
  [ my reaction when i see origin sales and compare them to steam summer/winter sales ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztvmib1t4t4 ), 
  i remember when mongolia took freedom policy , while they had 15 + cities , crushed babylon early and was breathing down chinas and englands neck . 
  m16a3 is the best gun overall . 
  low recoil , 800 rpm , fast reload , accurate . . that gun has pretty much no weaknesses at all . 
  extremely good players will outgun you with aek because of it 's 900rpm but that 100rpm difference is relevant in competitive games . 
  totally agreed with this . 
  many servers ( including miller ) just lack the fresh noobs being part of meatgrinder . 
  it 's just sad that every 4th kill is a guy who i remember . 
  did n't get it . 
  i own every single bf expect vietnam and some 1942 expansions . 
  i got my bf3 alpha trial but my pc could n't run it . 
  just because i did n't pre order the game i did n't get it , amirite ? 
  it 's just a disapointed reaction that the game is not the exact same game with upgraded graphics . 
  sure , some lacking features should have been in the game but overall it 's a good successor for the last title . 
  it 's a private video , did n't see it ( fortunately ) . 
  can you link his channel ? 
  i think you and daddy should have a duel . 
  no , but you can check option `` allow policy saving . '', 
  you should try immortal . 
  getting a wonder is almost a miracle . 
  and i do n't want to talk about deity . . 
  you fucking monster . 
  do n't you care about consequences ? 
   worst 5 civs :, 
  ottoman empire : they 're really only good in very , very specific maps and lancers suck , even when upgraded , leaving them a single decent unit as an advantage . 
  epic fail . 
  you are underestimating ottomans . 
  the ua is amazing , you gain more naval units rather than lose them . 
  also , janissary is excellent unit . 
  every time you kill someone you get insta-healed . 
  higby thx !, 
  what difficulty is this ? 
  on king and above ai gets massive bonuses , including happiness bonuses . 
  well ottomans are definitely weaker in non-water maps but it is one of the best navy empires . 
  why do you count babylon as low-difficulty civ ? 
  it is excellent civ on higher difficulties !, 
  you get massive science boost and you can rush straight to education thanks to the bowmen and walls of babylon . 
  it 's just silly that choppers are in boats . . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcsgzrxismy ) my favourite one . 
  that dude delivers tons of great content , you should watch his other videos too !, 
  arc pistol . . that 's quite interesting weapon choice . 
  these are quite silly . . 
  wow his channel has grown . 
  when i unsubscribed he had like 15k subs . 
  when you kill br1 you always feel bad , no matter how slowly or gently you kill them . 
  there was a time when i instantly headshotted br1 when he landed with a drop pod . 
  i felt like a monster . 
  i generally do n't enjoy watching bf3 videos anymore . 
  haha !, 
  and then peasants complain how complex and bad is to install pc drivers . . 
  it depends . 
  if you feel like a great game with about 8 hours long campaign with little replay value is a worthy investment , then you should go for it . 
  me and my friends bought this game a while ago , just for lolz . 
  the game is very decent , it absolutely offers nothing new . 
  only strength of that game are impressive graphics . 
  the fast-paced run & gun multiplayer with nanosuits is quite fun but it gets dull quite soon . 
  [ hunter gamemode ] ( http://youtu.be/xg8ouvyiupi?t=2m2s ) is my favourite one , it offers something unique ( ish ) experience . 
  the nanosuit also feels like a wasted potential , since you can pretty much only jump high , have extra protection and become cloaked . 
  just like thegiantbark said , 5/10 . 
  details like these are truly amazing . 
  it 's also shocking that when you get shot , you start to lose your vision and you mumble `` no . . it was n't supposed to end like this . . '', 
  and of course the crying when you are burning . . you can feel the pain of that soldier . 
  i always pick my civ and map size , map type is usually random . 
  i have three opening strategies :, 
  if i have peaceful civ , like korea or arabia as my neighbor and i am not doing a pacifist playthrough , i 'm trying to capture their cities , atleast the capital . 
  build a library , then 6 archers , upgrade them to composite bowmen and launch an attack . 
  rush straight to education . 
  it 's risky if you skip construction but i take my chances . 
  i usually try to do favors for neighbor css so they could be my meatshield . 
  if i 'm isolated in my own island i rush straight to navigation . 
  build tons of galleaas : s and upgrade them to frigates . 
  after that i try to figure out alliances so i do n't piss of too many civs and i could focus one civ per time . 
  as a tr max , when i 'm locked down and i see nc max charging towards me , all i can think about is shit shit shit shit shit . . 
  av mana turret next ? 
  i hope so , that thing needs so badly a nerf . 
  and it 's no fun that my tank which costs 450 resources can be taken down a turret which costs no resources , which i can not even see where is he firing from . 
  and even if i spot him , i usually ca n't shoot him because hes too far away . 
  we must help those who are willing to learn about blessings of pc , not those quick-scope pros who have fucked my mum 10 times . 
  i just feel bad about the whole censorship thing in germany . . nazi times were 70 years ago and i doubt that gore in video games would provoke someone to start a world conquest . 
  i hope this effects only multiplayer games , this will be poisonous to single-player developers !, 
  t38 has no monopod ??? 
  oh god . . 
  i have level 43 t38 and wanted to level it to 50 , just to get the monopod . 
  in that case mass effect is the game that you are looking for . 
  unfortunately you must buy the 3rd game from filthy origin . 
  you 're a good guy by doing stuff like this . 
  so i personally found this subreddit half year when i was bored and clicked that random subreddit button . 
  i almost clicked the `` next '' button then i remembered my problem : should i buy bad company 2 : vietnam ? 
  i was n't sure if there were any servers left , so i asked and got my answer : yes . 
  so i bought my copy from steam winter sale and played it for many happy hours . 
  few days later i thought that i could do my part and help these buyers .
