  and the name of that server was old man gaming . 
  does n't seem like it though . . 
  this reminds me about the market garden scene in band of brothers . 
  was n't there a zebra camo which was black and white ? 
  banning weapons is bad , unless it is broken like the m26 dart heavy barrel some time ago . 
  i am not sure if this supposed to be dramatic , but . . 
  wrex . 
  shepard . 
  i personally prefer rs because i prefer fighting in jungle instead of urban . 
  but , just buy the rising storm and you get access to both . 
  that is why you should find one good server and stick to it . 
  i do that in pretty much every game . 
  please , tell us what do you prefer !, 
  shooters ? 
  rpgs ? 
  mmos ? 
  single-player ? 
  multi-player ? 
  btw steam summer sale is coming in tomorrow or 11th , you should check that out . 
  `` beret is not the right look for nc '' - tray, 
  * sigh *, 
  no , it is not a time for a new one . 
  i want my 2143 or at least 1944 !, 
  one shudders to imagine what inhuman thoughts lie behind that mask . 
  what dreams of chronic and sustained cruelty ? 
  bully is my favourite game from rockstar . 
  i absolutely recommend it . 
  pc port sucks but so does pretty much all rockstar pc ports . 
  if you have a controller i highly recommend using it . 
  r.i.p you truly great person . 
  you have brought enlightenment , peace and many other great things to this world . 
  now you shall rise to heaven and rest with other people such as ed roberts . 
  i can not wait a day when [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ralph_h._baer ) blight gets burned in the eternal flames of hell . 
  there 's also mp7 , a fucking kraut gun . 
  do n't worry , poland is a new civ in the upcoming expansion , and he will have his winged hussars . 
  http://civilization.wikia.com/wiki/polish_ ( civ5 ), 
  nah , poland is n't op . 
  cultural victory is n't about filling 5 social policy trees and building the utopia anymore , it is about making tons of tourism and dominating other civs cultures by surpassing their culture meter with your tourism meter . 
  sure , up to 7 free social policies is really good , but since the ducal stable sucks and winged hussars is just an upgraded version of the worst unit in the game , i ca n't call poland any way an op civ . 
  bringing the meta game . 
  just like bcp said , this game is currently one massive deathmatch . 
  i do n't know exactly how things were in ps1 , but it seems like that system there was great . 
  hopefully battle islands and other lattice changes will bring the metagame which this desperately needs . 
  why would want a q9400 ? 
  it is quite old cpu . . 
  so brave, 
  i would say something like babylon is op . 
  that writing gs gives you massive science early on . 
  thanks to walls of babylon and bowmen you do n't need construction early , and you can go pretty much straight to education . 
  stack those gss until you research scientific revolution . 
  then wait 8 turns when you have public schools atleast in your major science cities . 
  purchase with faith extra gss if you can . 
  then pop all your gss and you can possibly jump all the way to atomic era . 
  get research labs asap , try to finish rationalism and then hubble telescope . 
  after that point you have pretty much won the game . 
  i would say that poland ua is really helpful but op ? 
  maybe not . . 
  do you enjoy games because of their stories ? 
  then yes , you should absolutely buy this game . 
  i have n't seen a game with such good , deep and complicated story for a long time . 
  now , is it worth $ 40 ? 
  yes it is . 
  but if you play on pc , you should wait for steam sales . 
  it prob . 
  arrives in 11th of this month , and i am confident that this game will be on sale . 
  the game is about 10-15 hours long , depending on how much you explore things . 
  also , the game has very big replay value . 
  once you know the story the 2nd walkthrough will be completely different experience . 
  i also recommend playing this on the hardest difficulty . 
  it is not that hard , but [ here 's a good video explaining why you should do so ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szxia52myx4 ), 
  my shrine does n't have leds . . : / am i a bad person ? 
  i have a counter-argument for that . 
  those poor citizens who are starving will get sick , and soon diseases are everywhere . 
  military will get infected sooner or later . 
  team fortress 2 is a bloody good and balanced shooter , it definitely deserves to be in top 5 . 
  but # 1 ? 
  maybe . 
  but then there 's games like tribes : ascend , planetside 2 and borderlands 2 on top positions . . wtf !, 
  no , you will just see the game differently after you know the twist . 
  science techs are the most important . 
  having more science than your opponents gives you a huge advantage . 
  better units , better buildings , first access to wonders . . 
  building national college asap is really important . 
  that gives you massive science boost which you 'll need . 
  you should have education unlocked at ~ 100-120 turns . 
  try to ignore anything else ; that there is one of your most important goals . 
  after you have built universities the older techs are extremely cheap . 
  unlock some to keep your units in time . 
  and do n't forget to fill science specialist slots !, 
  start stacking your great scientist , but do n't use them yet . 
  once you hit scientific revolution , build public schools in your cities and then wait 8 turns . 
  when great scientist uses `` discover technology '' power , he generates that much science you 've created in the past 8 turns . 
  unlock plastics with your great scientists and build research labs . 
  after that the style is free but this is how you should generally do it . 
  you should try to get great library , porcelain tower and hubble space telescope . 
  these are very important science wonders !, 
  also , rationalism is pretty much essential social policy , especially on harder difficulties !, 
  also , mountains are really good at gaining extra science too , you should settle next to them if it 's possible . 
  a sanctuary for peasants . 
  starving people do get sick because they are starving .
