  please , get yourself proper headphones , such as sennheiser . 
  also , sound card is recommended . 
  i recommend getting open sennheiser headphones . 
  sennheiser is a high-quality brand which also does n't spend money on marketing crap . 
  open headphones are better imo because it gives you better positional audio , since it sounds like the audio is coming from outside , not from your head . 
  closed are better for you if you want to hear deeper voices and you want to isolate audio , both directions . 
  i personally have sennheiser hd518s . 
  i recommend these , but you can get something better , depending on your budget . 
  also , sound cards . 
  getting something cheap like asus xonar dgx will give you noticeable difference . 
  now unless you 're going to buy $ 500 headphones , you really do n't need anything better . 
  that there is just filthy ignorance . 
  i do meet my irl friends weekly , and i do play with them online almost daily . 
  lan parties however , do not happen that common but they are n't that big priority . 
  i just pack my stuff , drive to my friends place . . it 's not that hard to organize !, 
  i once went to lan party only on a 15 minute warning time . 
  after 16 hours of black ops 2 i was finally 5-star general . 
  after 16 hours of battlefield 2 i was finally a corporal . 
  anderson would be great oenomaus and udina batiatus . 
  liara should be naevia , since naevia was a weak slave and she eventually becomes a strong warrior . 
  also , the face gets changed every time . 
  `` congratz , you 're a winner . 
  now buy some dlc ! '', 
  u wot, 
  ask him that could he do ama on reddit . 
  the internet will explode on that day . 
  i have a spare 7300se , which works , i guess . . 
  it runs minecraft at whopping 40fps , if you reduce graphics to fast and normal draw distance . 
  also , stock 2500k cooler and floppy disk drive . 
  apparently this is us only contest so i ca n't join but sure , if you want to see my junk then i can deliver . 
  uhh , i meant delivering pics , not products . 
  and i do n't think that my 7300se would be handy , even something dirt cheap like gt210 is about 3 times more powerful than that . . thing . 
  but still , it is a nice card . 
  kinda . 
  well they 're removing games for windows live . . 
  i 'll give 'em that . 
  . . incorrect . 
  fine , initial costs will be slightly more expensive if you want to beat next-gen consoles , but you will save a lot of money , because the games are much cheaper , there are [ lots of sales ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gamedeals ) , [ humble bundles ] ( https://www.humblebundle.com/ ) , and there is n't extra online fees . 
  so yeah , pc wins in this category too . 
  i do not think that the port will be that bad this time . . you see , rockstar hired people to port the game , and i believe that they 'll port the game to next-gen consoles at the same time . 
  i 'm just trying to be positive , ya know . 
  this also applies to other factions aswell . 
  daddy always uses mossy , artorius uses scythe , realrook uses gauss saw . . what am i missing ? 
  no you fucking did n't . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but were n't 7th gen consoles good in performance when they came out ? 
  exclusive , or at least recommended servers for steam box users ? 
  sure , there will be who will exploit by using kb+m on steambox server , but i ca n't figure out any better solution . 
  well titanfall is running on source . 
  also indies do use source fairly often . 
  [ oh you think that 's bad ? 
  just join a random server , join infantry squad and tell that you are newb who needs some advice . 
  pr community is very friendly so somebody should definitely help ya . 
  make sure that you setup your microphone first so you can communicate with them . 
  but first , read [ this ] ( http://www.realitymod.com/manual/pr_manual.pdf ) manual and try to get the general idea of the game mechanics . 
  it 's ok if you do n't learn everything but if you can figure out class system and crates , that 'd be great . 
  i agree with , 2142 is a pure game indeed , 
  anyway , there 's an in-game mumble in pr which is good , but the whole system crashes occasionally . 
  it was pretty bad when the 1.0 version launched . 
  if i remember correctly , the normal key for squad chat was numpad 0 , but i recommend changing it to something more practical , like a space bar . 
  there are other important key bindings as well , but since you wo n't be playing on commanding roles at the beginning , you do n't have to worry about them too much . 
  5 tflops of computing power . . !, 
  suck that ya peasants !, 
  killing floor ? 
  sure , it is n't graphically , or tehcnically the best game out there , but it is hell ' a of fun , especially when played with friends . 
  so basically kf is a zed ( zombie ) horde where different types of zeds spawn in each wave . 
  killing zeds grants you money , and you can buy weapons and gear after each wave . 
  every wave tougher zeds will spawn , but you will get tougher weapons too . 
  after the round 10 ends , the boss round starts . 
  also , it is quite tactical . 
  once your start playing on hard + , you really need to figure out which classes each player must play . 
  sharpshooter can kill big zeds with his sniper rifle . 
  demolition is all about crowd control with big explosions . 
  support specialist is very versatile player who can bring heavy firepower with his shotgun . 
  medic heals people . . 
  so , if you have friends and want slightly-more tactical horde fps , then i highly recommend this game . 
  if you have friends then it is a big plus , but playing with randoms is quite fun too . 
  i do n't recommend this game if you just want to play alone . 
  wrex with tits . . 
  this . . this is fantastic !, 
  i 'm wondering what kinda of system they were using though . . 
  i really , really hope that tremors is a proper city map . 
  this is just my opinion but there 's not a single good city map in bf franchise . 
  sure , i like strike at karkand but it feels more like a village with some industrial shit rather than a proper city . 
  i have n't played aftermath but i 've heard positive feedback about it , how it managed to bring that multi-level combat into the game . 
  edit : expect bridge of remagen, 
  well , bf4 is n't released yet so it is hard to say that it counts . 
  but it is great looking map though !, 
  i particularly did n't like fall of berlin . 
  it just . . 
  i do n't know . 
  imo it did n't have anything special and that 's why it 's mediocre map . 
  however , i loved bridge of remagen . 
  that map is possibly my favourite map of 2142 . 
  it had some really nice multi-layer combat and that bridge was a piece that brought the map together . . oh boy . 
  i personally do n't like the idea of defuse in bf4 . 
  in counter-strike it worked really well . 
  one of the reasons for that was the economy . 
  you really had to figure out when to buy which weapons , and saving money granted you powerful weapons later on . 
  i played the snd during bo2 free weekend and i did n't think it was that great at least when compared to original cs version . 
  it just . . it was n't that good !,
