  with most , if not all european offering ( practically ) free university/vocational education for their citizen , there are fewer people needing to submit into drug trade as they have plenty of options to make ends meet . 
  you can see more statistics here : http://www.ussc.gov/research-and-publications/annual-reports-sourcebooks/2012/sourcebook-2012, 
  cheaters were n't previously permabanned ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  [ not as shitty as this thing , though . 
  i wanted to buy that thing because it was * that * bad . 
  then i checked the prices : 40 dollars for the worst condition , 600 dollars for factory new . 
  for a gun that sucks balls , at least in comparison to m4 . 
  all new operatives are 25k each . 
  that 's the price of all regular operators combined . 
  points are the source of renown . 
  you get like 2k points for winning the match , which is why winning gives you a lot more renown . 
  every little bit helps if it includes teamkilling . 
  not that i do it , but still . 
  it 's not a big difference but as far as i am concerned there 's nothing to lose here . . unless you gain less points from defusing than you lose from tk . 
  `` each new post-launch operator can be unlocked by playing approximately 25 hours ( approx . 
  25,000 renown ) '', 
  '' ** if you like this game ** and use a controller with assists off , strongly consider getting a wheel '' is quite the opposite what you said . 
  sure , you can play it with a controller , i get that . 
  heck , you can play it even with a keyboard if you really like feel like it , and you can get very good with it !, 
  i saw someone reaching wr times with one . 
  however , a wheel makes all the difference in the world - force feedback , better & more immersive controls . . these really enhance the experience in a way that it makes the game more enjoyable and fastens times for most people . 
  to repeat : having one is n't a necessity , but i strongly recommend getting at least a $ 100 driving force gt if you like realistic racing/driving games . 
  for me at least it made a big difference . 
  sledge can also be replaced by ash . 
  really comes down to your personal preference . 
  not in highly skilled matches . 
  you are a stationary target with no cover so you would get instantly prefired , especially if you get spotted by drones . 
  ever heard about peeker 's advantage ? 
  shields will also wreck you . 
  they can just tank all the bullets and 1-tap you with proper crosshair placement . 
  so you finally decided to cover the spawn of satan ? 
  you know , if thunderstruck is the theme of a-10 , then hell 's bells is most suited for the mig . 
  it seems that you do n't prefer soloing as you ca n't deal with inconsistent teammates . 
  get good, 
  you see , that 's kinda my point . 
  you do n't want bad teammates yet you `` prefer '' soloing . 
  you ca n't have both of them all the time . 
  also , reading your comments gives me an impression that you are n't a good , like being shot in the back because you did n't cover your six is one of the beginner mistakes . 
  do n't see or hear all the enemies ? 
  assume a roamer is coming to stab your back , so you should be the one covering your team 's sides if they are pushing forward . 
  bashy teams are more commonly played since they 're easier to play and arguably more satisfying as you most likely get more kills . 
  sure , bashy teams may be frustrating , but playing against very good elf coaches is arguably even worse . 
  he had ew i/i playthrough which was literally perfect . 
  0 countries/soldiers/interceptors lost . 
  a true mastermind with perhaps a pinch of luck but let 's face it : for achieving what he did requires some good dice rolls . 
  also his finglish is hilarious . 
  what happened irl is interesting . 
  most of the nva equipment was junk : there were no tor 's , no tunguskas , next-gen small arms were early in the development and the t-72 's were inferior in comparison to leopards . 
  so they discarded pretty much everything . 
  the equipment was sold , [ like these fucking things . 
  ] ( https://www.varusteleka.com/en/product/nva-kokovartalokondomi-sbu-67-vihrea-ylijaama/11630/ ) and if there were n't purchasers then the equipment was simply destroyed . 
  [ hidden knowledge spreadsheet . 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/lon0cgmjfqwq1oi/wargamerd_hidden_knowledge_spreadsheet.xlsx?dl=0 ) it can be found from the sidebar . 
  shells and bombs attack top armor ( including laser-guided bombs , which is why they 're effective at weapons ) . 
  plane/helicopters atgm 's attack front/side/back . 
  not exactly sure about the details on how he affects infantry , but since they have 0 armor 1he deals 1he of damage . 
  buildings and forests reduce damage . 
  bombs , shells have splash damage so direct hit does more damage than a hit that does barely damage . 
  i do n't think there 's he damage done with ap weapons vs tanks , but it would be quite minuscule if that was the case . 
  nationale volksarmee, 
  bridge of remagen from 2142 was a blast . 
  i always liked maps with fairly linear pathing , and assault lines-gamemode and goliath ensured that there was a distinctive role for attacking and defending . 
  `` excellent work , commander . 
  we are pleased with your results against advent , but the war has only begun . 
  our fight against the alien occupiers will be a. . long war . '', 
  - ending of xcom 2 ( which would literally be the best ending ever . ), 
  that m26 is so sexy . 
  i like shotguns on attackers as you can tear down wooden barricades safely & quickly from a distance ( only ash could do it as well ) , but the lack of range is always a massive downside for picking one . 
  buck will probably end up being my favourite attacker . 
  here on / r/xcom we like being tortured . 
  vanilla game teased us a little bit , but long war is the real deal . 
  just because bdsm is n't your thing does n't mean that it 's terrible . 
  with general you get excellent amazing 10-point transports . 
  i think this really is the biggest deal what makes scandi general better than the mech one . 
  fast transports with excellent offroad speed and superb 3/2 armor are the bulk of scandinavian blitz . 
  these transports are also given to elites as well which would have to use helicopters otherwise . 
  jaegere are super useful : it 's the only elite blufor unit with an smg and machine gun ( fsj '90 exist , though ) . 
  superheavies are also very useful in many scenarios , and you can bring even 2 cards of these . 
  mech decks always require a playstyle in which you get to field more units but the enemy manages to take the area first which you must it off from him . 
  if you can handle this type of playstyle then go for the scandi mech , it 's pretty good . 
  * there 's also the argument of picking motorized for smaller games , but imo you lose way too many fire support vehicles and your aa department would suck too much . 
  well , perhaps not suck , but i 'll always take eots hawk + otomatic over nasams . 
  / r/aww, 
  battlefront is a very casual game , so it 's not unsurprising that it attracts more people from more casual platforms . 
  also the game libraries in the latest consoles are vastly smaller so people who do n't own multiple platforms have fewer games to choose from , hence battlefront and hardline to some degree are so high . 
  the outrage seems to be coming from original battlefront fans that apparently did n't like what the sequel ended up being . 
  these seems to be a very vocal group as it 's apparent that the game is doing well on consoles . 
  sequel , reboot , battlefront 2015 , ea battlefront . . whatever you want to call it . 
  aaand it got deleted :( mods did n't like it, 
  i 've had so many enemies failing to get a jump on me due to laser sight giving their position away . 
  so . . if you 're lurking/roaming , both attacker and defender , then definitely do n't use the laser sight . 
  your strength is the element of surprise and the sight might ruin that . 
  for shields i recommend the sight , it works well since you will be doing plenty of hipfire and you ca n't sneak on enemies anyway since you 're very noisy . 
  then there 's aggressive , noisy playstyle which i still would n't recommend using the sight since you occasionally need to be silent and you should be aiming down sights when firing at the enemy . 
  in pre-1980 games sovkor/general redfor airtab is hilariously overpowered . 
  you get b-5 , mig-27 , mig-25pd . . that 's your standard sovkor airtab in normal games !, 
  and you can add things like su-24 and su-24m to accompany it . 
  if you play occasionally in pre-1980 games , always go redfor . 
  your redfor superplanes will demolish absolutely everything as they will be against weaker aa and asf 's .
