  fortunately i have n't invested that much in gambling though , and i think that it 's a good time to stop . 
  i do n't want to get stuck on the cycle of gambling . 
  yeah , that 's what i 've done so far . 
  i started with 2 blue laminates , made nearly 10 value , and lost everything right now . 
  i still do have my mw zirka but that 's something i 've decided to keep . 
  gon na put the rest of my cancer skins for wizards , which can make a surprise because they 're not a bad team and while titan does have better players their team is different , so their chemistry might not work . 
  after that i would want to say that i will quit , but even i know that i just ca n't do it . 
  is cansur, 
  now here , take these * totally * futuristic skull-and hockeymasks . 
  unless you 're getting insta-hs 'd while he 's bunnyhopping then no , you were n't playing against cheaters . 
  maybe against boosters/smurfs but cheaters on gn ranks are * extremely * rare . 
  absolutely !, 
  bo2 is imo the best game in the franchise , even better than the cod4 . 
  treyarch also did really good job at porting it , it runs really well and it has dedicated servers !, 
  if it only had some custom servers and mod tools , then this game would be unquestionably the best cod on pc platform , possibly even in the whole franchise . 
  as an active mp player , i can definitely agree with that . 
  the mp is definitely fun and there 's a lot to learn about it but it really is n't an expansion that i 'd pick solely for the multiplayer . 
  or something similar to case hardened , where metal surfaces would have different type of finishes . 
  for example , i 'd like to see a [ chrome-painted ak . 
  ] ( http://cdn2.armslist.com/sites/armslist/uploads/posts/2012/12/24/748018_01_new_custom_hard_chrome_plated__640.jpg ) it 's a simple design but just absolutely gorgeous . 
  some people just enjoy bashing worse players . 
  those players are pitiful . 
  nip players just have that incredibly good individual performance across the whole team . 
  sure , titan did play somewhat poorly in those situations but nip players are just so damn good , and that 's why i will never bet against them . 
  they could just , you know , hire a bunch of indians to do the tech support . 
  seriously , ea does it and it 's great ; i 've always managed to solve my problems quickly even though that there 's a minor language barrier . 
  this would make steam customers happier and considering how valve is pretty much printing money , hiring some cheap labor would barely count as a cost . 
  chivalry : medieval warfare is your best bet . 
  it does have some ranged weapons but melee combat is dominant and extremely satisfying . 
  there 's duel model which disables all ranged weps , expect the archer-class which is pretty much an useless class in duel . 
  also , there are some servers which disallow ranged weapon using afaik . 
  heck , even a molotov cocktail could bust those thingies afaik . 
  well , maybe not destroy the engine but i really doubt that ww2 tanks had any sort of fire suppression systems . . 
  north koreans still use this tank , so you ca n't say that this beast aint modern . 
  i did some research and apparently t-34 has a liquid-cooled diesel engine instead of air-cooled , so the engine would be safe from flames . 
  the crew would choke from flames though , unless they 'd have those fire suppression systems , which i do not think that they have . 
  can we still blame ea instead of dice ? 
  the game is still absolutely broken in terms of netcode , invinsible map hitboxes etc. , and the game has been out for over 6 months . 
  there are some servers which disallows using archers or limits them to only 1-2 at the same time . 
  also , archer is n't a very powerful class , so if you want to be an effective archer you actually have to be pretty good . 
  equipping a shield also makes archer much , much harder to hit you . 
  yes , you will sometimes get killed by them but i would n't pass this game just because of that . 
  the melee combat in this game is imo the best in any game . 
  indeed !, 
  the combat itself in kf was pretty clumsy ( especially the melee combat , ugh ) , so if they really manage to capture that hs feeling in every single shot and swing , then i am definitely going to pre-order this game . 
  so far tripwire has n't failed to deliver for me ( aside from poor ro2 launch which i did n't participate in ) , so i am expecting great things from this sequel . 
  well not in my opinion though . 
  maybe this is because of the fact that i was n't really good with the berserkers , so i found the whole experience underwhelming . 
  last time when i made a bet for lgb it was also on mirage . . and they got wrecked against fnatic . 
  hopefully it wo n't be the case today . 
  well . . gg i guess . 
  ldlc just were on fire with those awps . 
   note : excluding the games listed above , vac bans will only apply to the game the cheat was detected in . 
  for example , a vac ban in modern warfare 2 will not affect modern warfare 3 . 
  the whole dark souls 2 case was prob . 
  unintentional , because that is something what should 've not happened . 
  you should be grateful that he did n't rap in finnish, 
  there 's never a good way to deal with ddos matches . 
  there 's always a side that will start complaining because they just had lost their skins . 
  if the match was cancelled then people who betted for titan would argue that titan would have most likely won the game anyway , especially in those other two situations where titan got the bomb site secured . 
  what really needs to happen here is that players must protect themselves better from the ddos . 
  sure , it is illegal to steal a bank but if the bank stored their money on open lockers instead of a secure vault then you ca n't say that it 's not bank 's fault that the money was stolen . 
  please elaborate . 
  do they have the steady $ 2,50 price ? 
  well , that is unfortunate to hear i guess . . 
  so all non-e-sports keys/non-sticker capsules are good ? 
  or just only stock case keys ? 
  also iirc it takes couple days before i can trade these keys . . is this true ? 
  those teams that do not protect themselves properly are at risk for getting ddos 'd , so as far as i am confirmed it 's all teams expect nip , vp and dignitas . 
  well , there were couple reasons ;, 
  first of all , they got raped by lgb , and they have n't done * that * well in their past games either . 
  they have lost to na'vi and cm recently too . 
  also , dignitas lacked a player who was the top fragger on their lgb match ; device . 
  iirc he 's also the team leader . 
  i also noticed that nico was n't doing * that * well with his awp against lgb , so i counted that kennys would have no problem winning duels against him . 
  and oh boy how wrong i was . . 
  maybe ~ 26 % was unreasonably low for dig but i really thought that titan would win them somewhat easily under these circumstances . 
  i have feeling that some redditors are intentionally making false claims for the team they 're going to bet against , so the win percentage would be bigger for them . 
  well it kinda does , since tb is actively demonstrating why opening the floodgates for shitty games is n't a good thing at all . 
  me too !, 
  i 'd almost get my key back which i lost in that game . . may the best team win !, 
  `` oh well , vp lost pistol : / - well done vp - no vp , dont go b. . ! '', 
  not sure if you are sarcastic but ldlc did n't lose those games because of ddos . 
  the first ddos happened after a round and in the 2nd one ldlc must had done 3vs4 retake and vp was in pretty darn good positions . 
  still unfortunate that this shit happens . 
  hopefully ldlc will protect their ips better in the future . 
  you ca n't blame a bank without proper vaults , cameras and alarm systems if they get robbed by thieves , right ? 
  what a terrible match . 
  ddosers made the match horrible to watch . 
  on top of that i betted on losing team . . 
  why does vp win when i do n't bet for them but lose when i bet against them ? 
  wow , that is just . . wow . 
  now i actually feel pretty fucking pissed after losing my skins . 
  i first thought that it was pretty darn unfortunate that i lost my skins because ldlc was better and vp was tired , but now i feel angry for faceit-admins and ldlc . 
  that is terrible sportsmanship from ldlc especially since vp decided to cancel rounds when ldlc got ddos 'd . 
  also , how on earth did n't admins notice something like this . . ? 
  yeah , we really ca n't blame csgolounge for this . 
  they did n't most likely notice their mistake , so we prob . 
  wo n't get our skins back either . 
  that is a possible scenario , but we really ca n't say that for sure .
