  i think domination is the only possible way to win in first 100 turns . 
  attila is best for this imo . 
  horse archers + battering rams can just destroy everything in early game . 
  but i 'm afraid that 8 civs are too much if you want to beat the game in early game . 
  i managed to kill only 2 civs in 100 turns on emperor difficulty . 
  and once the enemy gets medieval tech . . you are screwed with attila . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's [ sraw . 
  ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=sraw&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hl=fi&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=n&amp;tab=wi&amp;ei=cv63uykqlikq4as-toh4dw&amp;biw=1600&amp;bih=837&amp;sei=jp63uzqaeqzv4qsapid4bw#imgrc=_ ), 
  that gun was included in battlefield 2 too . 
  acts pretty much like m136 from bc2 . 
  mass effect 3 has amazing co-op mode , one of the best horde modes out there . 
  but since that game series is purely story-based trilogy and co-op in me3 was just a nice addition i do n't recommend getting it . 
  you need science . 
  science is pretty much essential on all victory conditions . 
  not so relevant in culture victory , but you still need some to keep your defense forces in time and getting culture techs . 
  if you are playing on emperor or below , getting great library should be your main goal . 
  you get a big advantage over your opponent . 
  if you are playing above that you simply ca n't get it ; opponent will get it first . 
  also , focus on science techs . 
  you should also focus on getting some population for your capital . 
  food is much more relevant than production in less than 10 pop city - more food , more productive city in the long run . 
  prepare for war . 
  when you are playing on immortal or above the war is inevitable . 
  you will get attacked by massive zerg in less than 100 turns . 
  if you are playing on lower difficulty you should still prepare for war , especially if theres warmongerers around . 
  build archers and then composite archers - that way you should stay alive for a while . 
  my build order is this : scout , monument , shrine , library . 
  after that it depends on situation and the playstyle . 
  here 's a tip for you : steal worker from city-state . 
  if you declare war only once it wont hurt cs relationships . 
  i did n't like it , but since some people prefer english over the russian , it was great for having an option for both of them . 
  that 's bs . 
  i do n't have any official info but that is 100 % bs rumor . 
  titty sprinkles, 
  i won a domination victory with america . 
  pc got more games than ps4 or xbone . . 
  more like doucheland !, 
  how is china inferior when compared to russia ? 
  nc shotty looks cool . 
  i do n't get it . 
  pdws are worse than carbines , right ? 
  why engineer exclusive gun is worse than multi-class one ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  in bc2 engineers had both carbines and pdws , though they operated the same way . 
  remove ammo pool . 
  basically , if you reload while having ammo in your mag , all ammo in that mag will be lost . 
  this would make reload timing much more important . 
  `` i have 13 bullets left , can i kill a guy with this these ? '', 
  yes , i 'm a huge fan of red orchestra 2 !, 
  reloading is very well done in that game , especially with bolt-action rifles . 
  you can spy your citizen after you finish xbox one - prject, 
  imo a better idea would be that if you get/lose all your facilities ( amp , bio , tech ) then you will gain/lose continent lock . 
  i have n't played moh but i can recommend getting bc2 . 
  it has great characters and it has tons of good jokes . 
  it clearly a tube campaign but you can advance that tube with multiple ways . 
  the best part of the game is clearly multi-player but single-player too is good . 
  the time is not yet . 
  you have good last-gen gpu and haswell 's are not so great when compared to ivy bridges , even when compared to sandy bridges . 
  you will do just fine with that build . 
  maybe the time is right when ddr4 arrives , just like you said ? 
  i 'm planning to do the same . 
  also , i do n't know will they do 1155 socket mobos that have ddr4 slots . . 
  reminds me about those planetside 2 ads which have me3 pics on them . 
  there are tons of eu rush servers left . 
  you will have no trouble finding servers in those circumstances . 
  when do you make a game set in different era ? 
  i 've seen this before . 
  well they do . . nothing . 
  remember how advanced yahg are ? 
  reapers did n't attack their planet during reaper war . 
  someone explain this . 
  who is she and what show is this ? 
  yeah , this was unfortunately expected . 
  but i hope dice will release them atleast for older titles , such as bad company 2 . 
  yeah they have unofficial mod tools but they 're not so great i presume . 
  bad company 2 vietnam did have a flamethrower , but that was poorly executed . 
  just before the final mission i remember anderson saying `` it 's been five months since you left earth '' or something like that . 
  it 's just another plot-hole . . 
  i hope vehicles get a buff , higher costs mean that they will be less spammable . 
  i think there should have been a playtest . 
  i am not sure if this is a good idea . 
  on paper it sounds nice but i know how many times we 've been wrong . 
  this gun is n't from bf3 , but i wish to see ak-47 back . 
  even though qbz-95 is the main battle rifle of chinese army , they are still using ak-47 a lot . 
  ak-12 would be a great option for russian primary , since it 's prob . 
  going to become russian primary irl . 
  they are all bloody well done . 
  there 's something wrong about that blonde shepard though . 
  and joker baby cheeks . . disturbing . 
  [ here is his channel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/blackbustershow ) . 
  he is doing a great job in a fight against xbox one . 
  he is also going to buy ps4 and wii u but remember brethen , being a peasant is not about owning a console , it 's about lacking a gaming pc . 
  also , [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcsgzrxismy ) a better video about the same subject from him . 
  filthy console peasants can only appreciate aaa titles and minecraft . 
  romance tali and betray quarians in me3 and let her do suicide . 
  that 's the apex of renegade i guess . 
  this can be seen in multiple different ways . 
  bf2 , bc1-2 and bf3-4 are set apart in different universes , so i think there is no canon in bf at all . 
  it seems like devs are now trying to make a new canon story which started from bf3 . 
  thou must do something about those cables . . !,
