  it has a very healthy community , peeked at 14k today on steam ( and not even nearly all players do not use steam with it due to gpu bundles and sales on uplay , myself included ) . 
  / u/sober _ student420 pointed out that the game has a controller support . 
  as per usual fps games with a controller is not recommended , you are at a massive disadvantage in online environment . 
  terrorist hunt , the co-op mode however , might be suited for it . 
  yes , it 's 15 gigs to download the base game . 
  obviously you will need to download patches as well ( not sure if they come with the installation ) , but at least you do n't have to download ultra-hd textures that your pc ca n't handle anyway . 
  but jeogocks get them as well . . 
  [ so you 're the same guy who `` leaked '' this , are n't you ? 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice . . 
  obesity is calories in  calories out . 
  both of the missiles have no range against helicopters , so they ca n't fire at them . 
  if your unit does n't have range against ground/heli/aircraft , it ca n't fire at that type of unit . 
  i recommend getting something like mig-23mld as your anti-heli plane . 
  it has only short-range ir missiles but it works well vs helis and decently against bombers , sead etc. 
  ordered the digital deluxe edition !, 
  hopefully they are well-prepped and wo n't run out of keys like they did with battlefront . . 
   tactical fps, 
  kek, 
  which battlefield is n't by any stretch . 
  tactical shooters simulate realistic combat , making things like tactics and teamwork more important than your twitch aiming . 
  tactical shooters are also much more slower-paced than games like bf since running around aimlessly pretty much just gets you killed , and dying usually punishes you a lot more than just losing a ticket from a massive ticket pool while getting instantly back to action . 
  rainbow 6 , arma , project reality . . games like these are tactical shooters . 
  then there 's tactical shooters like vbs that are actual simulators used by military . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  even though battlefield may appear realistic with real-life weapons , vehicles and equipment , they do n't work like that at all in real life . 
  weapons are much , much more lethal and more ranges . 
  vehicles get blown by a single shot , even tanks if you hit rear , but they get thermal optics and such that they will use to spot you from bushes . 
  bf makes for an authentic experience , but not really realistic , making the game closer to unreal than arma . 
  but i think what defnes and arcade shooter from a tactical shooter is how much impact your death has . 
  in battlefield your death has like zero impact on the game : you just die , and respawn in 15 seconds if you do n't get revived and you are pretty much instantly back in action ; just like in team fortress 2 . 
  in tactical shooters however , let say in project reality , you might be spending 10 or even 20 minutes staging an attack on enemy position . 
  your squad walks very quietly inside a forest or town while keeping their eyes open for enemies . 
  if your enemies manage to pull the trigger first then they usually have an advantage in the firefight , and you and your squad just wasted all that time if you end up dying . 
  takes about a minute to respawn from a place that you spawned 20 minutes away . 
  it seems people just recently realized how good they are , especially in classic/hardcore in which there 's no doritos above enemies heads . 
  soldiers preferably do n't want to get killed . 
  [ yes , we most definitely need brutal xcom . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oszylisaskc ), 
  straight up ridiculous ** for the first two months . 
  ** after the 3rd one it 's very hard to fuck up if you know what you 're doing . 
  incorrect . 
  gripen uses slightly less fuel , and because of this it refuels faster . 
  the gun is decent , it can chew off 1-2 hp from a damaged target if needed . 
  it 's not 10 times worse than vulcan since in-game stats are full of shit . 
  therefore gripen is my choice if i have to pick one . 
  that and not touching the issue of not having mod tools . 
  that for me is a massive downside for the newer games in comparison to the older titles , no matter what their excuse is . 
  find the replay folder , insert them here . 
  kane 's wrath did n't have mod tools ? 
  but i played that forgotten mod at some point . . or was it for tw ? 
  i really really want a sequel for 2142 , but it 's probably going to be modern , just like main titles have been for the past 8 years . 
  i really do n't mind if there 's lots of guns , but they could strip some pointless gadgets nobody uses and stupid gamemodes that are n't being played at all . 
  less lock-on bs as well would be neat . 
  [ it 's the c8-sfw , a special forces variant of the c8 carbine ( which is a carbine version of c7 ) . 
  ] ( http://cdn.idigitaltimes.com/sites/idigitaltimes.com/files/styles/image_embed/public/2016/01/23/rainbowsixsiegeblackiceleakoperator4.jpg ), 
  `` the special forces weapon ( sfw ) features a longer , 400 mm ( 15.7 in ) barrel of a heavier profile than the c8a1 . 
  it is designed to provide a fire support capability in carbine form . '', 
  i think they will release it on consoles after 6 months or so . 
  even though the core of the community is on pc there are ~ ~ peasants ~ ~ console users who liked the game on consoles and are now upset that they wo n't get the sequel . 
  i think the market is there for consoles , but only worthwhile after ~ ~ they 've ~ ~ * firaxis has done the complete experience on pc . 
  heck , maybe they 'll hire someone else to port the game . 
  obviously i do n't have accurate statistics to back my claims but here 's the thing : 2k published the game on bloody ios ( and android ) . 
  it looked like shit , ran like shit , constantly crashed on my ipad 2 but it was still xcom , and it was playable because it 's turn-based . 
  * clarification, 
  that 's exactly what they 're doing here : they delay ( or cancel , maybe ) console release so that a pc launch is as good as it gets since most of the fans are playing on that platform . 
  the gameplay looks phenomenal , and we 're getting the same development tools and assets as firaxis , which is a luxury nowadays . 
  so , consoles will surely get the sequel as well . 
  if there 's enough interest for a lessen version then why not release it ? 
  imo xcom is different in this aspect . 
  controllers are obviously slower and clunkier , and in most other titles i 'd agree with you , but in this game you can take your time on since it 's turn-based . 
  they just need to make user interface more suited for a big screen . 
  there was also the complaint about how controllers caused the removal of tu 's , but firaxis has stressed that this was a design choice . 
  xcom eu seemed like a good game on consoles . 
  the only drawback seemed to be lack of interest , which is understandable due to the nature of the audience . 
  and mods too , but you really ca n't do anything about it . 
  xcom 2 is not a dwarf fortress , so i doubt that they will need to alter the design to make the game work on a controller . 
  eu already proved to be a working design as well . 
  you can also come with something interesting as well that does n't lessen the gameplay , like command wheel on c&c 3 and ra3 . 
  these were also worthy sequels for the original titles ( expect c&c 4 , but we do n't talk about that ) . 
  but i agree with you , in many cases you need to cut down things to make it work on consoles . 
  maybe xcom eu would 've had a feature or two included had it been an exclusive release , i dunno . 
  these guys were a premade . 
  but still , they played the situation poorly . 
  in these situations defenders should just fall back and force the last guy to make a play , and fight him together instead of giving him multiple 1vs1 's ( which is especially bad vs shield ) . 
  i suppose it 's due to hardware . 
  it 's really that weak on ipad 2 . 
  this also makes sense for him since shotgun has breaching capabilities as well . 
  sledge gets a hammer so it 's not really worth picking the shotgun for him . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.pcgamesn.com/xcom-2/xcom-2s-sectopod-is-bigger-than-a-house-has-about-a-billion-hp-and-will-kill-sid-meier-if-you-let-it ), 
  old sectopod is a tiny little squatting piece of scrap in comparison to this . 
  looks very intimidating . 
  tu 's ( timed units ) were a system that was replaced by 2-point movement that we have in firaxis xcom 's . 
  basically each action costed tu , like turning a degree , walking a step , firing your gun ( with different accuracy as well , more inaccurate shots cost less tu ) , and all of this was taken from your tu pool . 
  tu pool was unique on every soldier , and it could be increased by acquiring experience , just like aim and will in xcom firaxis . 
  so when the xcom eu was announced in 2012 plenty of hardcore fans were very disappointed that the game was `` simplified . '', 
  lots of micromanagement was removed , like purchasing ammunition and carrying nades , ammo on each soldier 's loadout and such that affected your weight thus giving you less tu etc. 
  the removal tu in particular caused an angry knee-jerk reaction since the system was replaced by the 2-point system that focuses very heavily on abilities . 
  tu 's were held in very high regard . 
  also the removal of multiple bases with multiple skyrangers ( this i can agree with ) was a source of dissatisfaction .
