  there 's a good reason why mass effect is my favourite single-player franchise of all time , and you should definitely find out why . 
  my initial reaction was that these guys are gold novas considering their abysmal positioning . 
  oh well , i guess that bad rounds happen to all people at some point . 
  if you were actually good then you would be on eagle ranks already . 
  and the thing is that if you play against equally skilled players then you are exactly on the rank you deserve to be . 
  and please , do n't make excuses for you losing games ( my teammates are bad , my fellow gold novas are slightly better ) - there 's always something you are doing wrong . 
  even pro players do mistakes all the time !, 
  it could be that your opponents have better aim than you , you have poor positioning , your team makes bad calls , your strategies are not good . . there is always a reason and if you refuse to accept the fact that you are somehow failing then you will never get any better , period . 
  why there 's so many dislikes ? 
  not really related to the balkans , but if you did n't know already , [ seperatists are actually a legit faction . 
  recoil is something you can handle . 
  accuracy is something you ca n't . 
  if you learn to compensate for recoil then you have a gun which is more accurate . 
  handling recoil might sound tricky but . . it 's just a thing that you need to learn . 
  for example if you learn to control recoil in counter strike then handling recoils in battlefield becomes trivial , even if you use aek with hb . 
  handling recoil reliably with a controller is a lot of harder , if not impossible , but it 's a whole different story when you are using a mouse . 
   i have no idea how people can manage a k/d over 2 and still play objectives, 
  it mostly boils down to your skill ; not just your ability to aim properly but also your skill to evaluate situations . 
  going straight to the objective just simply is n't enough to do it . 
  it kinda goes like in counter-strike ; lower-ranked players just tend to commit to their primitive strategies while in higher ranks attacking an objective requires a lot of intel about the enemy , knowledge about how to attack a bombsite , trying to outsmart the opponent and adapting to the situation . 
  in competitive counter-strike you could spend hours and hours on analyzing how those professional players are playing . 
  anyway , back to the battlefield ; let 's just say that you want to capture a flag . 
  are you just going to rush into there ? 
  well if you do that you would usually just simply get mowed down . 
  so you firstly need to valuate the situation ; how many enemies are certainly in there ? 
  or how many `` hidden '' enemies could be there ? 
  what classes are my opponents using ? 
  how skilled my opponents are ? 
  what are the most common ways to attack this objective ? 
  what are the usual camping spots ? 
  am i going to take that flag by myself , or do i have friendlies to help me ? 
  what about enemy reinforcements ? 
  do i have a proper loadout/vehicle for this assault ? 
  there are plenty of other ways to evaluate the situation and if you find the odds to be against you . . well , you can either sit back and get some kills , and valuate the situation later on or you can choose to attack/defend another objective . 
  you can also consider if your evaluation is valid since you usually have to make these decisions in a matter of seconds . 
  and remember , it is not everybody 's job to capture those objectives ; some roles are excel at doing certain things . 
  tanks are supposed to support infantry from afar . 
  jets are supposed to achieve air superiority and destroy enemy vehicles/tanks . 
  snipers are supposed to spot targets for your team and kill/suppress enemies from afar ( too many snipers are obviously hurtful ) . . so please , do n't be that guy flaming your tankers if they are not capturing objectives ; it is your job as an infantry to do that job . 
  ** tl ; dr ** you learn how to get 2k/d and ptfo if you get learn how to shoot well and how to analyze the battle as a whole . 
  well , for .24 you really ca n't expect too much from a game . 
  i can tell you that the game is absolutely garbage but that 's the whole point ; the game is so fucking terrible that it makes you laugh . 
  so yeah , i suppose that it 's worth it . 
  i did n't mind spending .99 even if i played it for 15 minutes . 
   spoilers, 
  [ is it really confirmed that he was fake ? 
  or did i miss something ? 
  ] ( / spoiler `` me3 '' ), 
  besides , can we really call that a spoiler ? 
  every regular has played here at / r/masseffect has played me3 at this point , so . . 
  well , there is one game where you are guaranteed to work together with randoms :, 
  project reality , a mod for battlefield 2 . 
  as the name suggests , the mod has a heavy emphasis on realism , but also on teamwork . 
  if you are familiar with battlefield 2 or other battlefield titles then the formula is pretty similar on paper ; you work as a team to capture flags while the enemy team attempts to do the same . 
  however , practically the game is a lot different ; due to tweaks to realism the battles happen on a lot longer ranges , maps are vastly bigger , vehicles much more powerful , kits are there but they are a bit different , spawning is also not the same . . well , there 's tons of other changes since this mod is a complete overhaul when compared to the vanilla game . 
  so how is the teamwork aspect ? 
  well , i guarantee you that there is no game like this that can you offer this much of teamwork . 
  if you join any random squad , i guarantee you that the people will help you and you will get to into action immediately . 
  just do n't start using any tanks and such at beginning . . people really hate when people take those things and have no idea how to use them . 
  as i mentioned the vehicles are really powerful but they are extremely valuable as well . 
  there 's a good in game voip built in to the game which allows you to communicate within your squad - and squad leaders can communicate with other squads and commander ; he can request transports , reinforcements , airstrikes . . the whole team is really working together to achieve their goal . 
  [ here 's some gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dopka-xxoo4&amp;list=uunswcdeufiezydapscxo6za ), 
  well , what are bad things about this mod ? 
  well , it is a bit dated but it 's not that bad . 
  second , it is a realistic shooter so if waiting around without any action is n't your thing . . well , this game is n't for you then . 
  but this game is unique in various of ways so you wo n't experience anything similar elsewhere , not even in arma . 
  i must disagree with you . 
  i think that cod zombies is a overrated gamemode ( just like cod 4 is in my opinion as well , but that 's irrelevant in this topic ) . 
  even though cod does a decent job with the the whole zombie thing , in my opinion there are a lot games which simply overshadow cod zombies , like killing floor for example . 
  cod zombies just seems so . . bland when compared to some dedicated horde shooters ; like in terms of gore for example . 
  cod zombies just offers you some hitmarkers and tame animations etc. 
  while other games offer very satisfying and impressive gore effects . 
  [ just look at how brilliant killing floor 2 gore looks !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qx_j4f9xe8g ), 
  ye that is so true . . nip used to dominate , but then awpers stepped up their game and with the addition of cz ( which perfectly supplements awp ) , the lack of the awper simply does not work . 
  nip has said that they will either play together or they will disband completely , which is fine in my opinion , but i really ca n't see them going back to the top if they do n't change their line up . 
  and the thing is nip never had a dedicated awper until the game started to favor awping . 
  nip definitely needs a good dedicated awper ; they tried to use awp on xizt , forest . . heck , even get right used awp at some point . 
  now fiffy is their awper which does not work either . 
  well , cz is obviously the biggest , if not the single relevant change ; most of the recent huge awp plays would have been impossible without cz . 
  and i suppose that my words to express this situation are a bit misleading ; aside from cz awping did n't become easier , but awpers nevertheless improved their aim to nearly inhuman levels ; this is something that nip currently ca n't answer to with their rifles . 
  and since every other top-tier team has a phenomenal awper , ( in some cases two of them ) , fiffys awp and xizts scar are just not good enough to support their riflers . 
  there 's one bad thing about landing though ; the game does n't have airfields ( on vanilla maps , expect us paracel storm ) , so you must land on roads and such ; some of the landings can be really tough to pull off . 
  and what i also dislike about landing is the fact that your jet wo n't stall until you wo n't pop your landing gear ( which opens automatically ) , making the whole landing process a bit infuriating . 
  also , the f35 shares the brake/reverse button which is a mild annoyance as well . 
  i guess that these things were done in order to simplify the game which is fair , but having optional buttons for these actions would be swell . 
  i really agree with this . 
  classic mode made bf4 from unplayable game to a good game ; it almost feels like a worthy sequel for battlefield 2 in my opinion . 
  as for the night combat , well . . 
  i ca n't say that i am too excited about it . 
  it will most likely be pretty gimmicky , especially after how insurgency pulled it off . 
  in that game you actually do n't see a damn thing if you do n't have a light source . 
  there are night goggles available which * really * help you to see in darkness , but light sources will blind your vision . 
  [ watch this video to get the gist of it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpibag2eaku ), 
  i wish that i could say that you should remove your nostalgia goggles , but i really ca n't . 
  90 % of the time when i ask for a medipack or ammunition my teammate just runs away . 
  but you know what 's even worse ? 
  people stealing vehicles . 
  folks grabbing your ifv/tank is terrible but there are no words to explain the situation when you land your jet on chinese main on hainan resort for repairs and someone just steals it . . and proceeds to crash it on a bloody tree .
