  it 's very solid franchise from naughty dog . 
  also , you will find very similar elements to all games that you love ( expect psychonauts . ), 
  just get it , it is worth your time and money . 
   you are also the only one who likes jacob . 
  ftfy, 
  and only about 120 days for winter sale !, 
  le epik bf masterrace xd, 
  it depends . 
  the game itself is pretty much worth your $ 20 , but you can get the game for -50 -85 % off in pretty much every sale . 
  if you can wait then the next sale is halloween , 2 months to go . 
  i 'd bet my retirement savings that it is on sale !, 
  this game is dying , but there are still few european and american servers left . 
  yes , you can play it but not 24/7 . 
  pc still have active playerbase , you should not have problems finding a game . 
  well definitely , you should !, 
  there 's a massive replay value . 
  pick up different sex this time and make different choices , and the game will be very different experience !, 
  also , if you want good story dlc you should get leviathan and lair of the shadow broker . 
  i also very highly recommend citadel and playing it once you have done everything else . 
  it is the final adventure for shepard and his crew , and you should play it after you have done everything else . 
  oh , i did n't even notice that , 
  one day we shall crush r/murica !, 
  this game . . 
  i do n't what the hell was ea thinking !, 
  `` lets take the base game , add some hilariously op units , make few mini-campaigns and many challenges , add some mediocre and top hollywood actors to a story that is even more wicked than the base game !, 
  also , japanese schoolgirls . 
  c&c 3 would have been an excellent way to promote new c&c . . 
  but ra3 uprising . . wtf ea !!, 
  [ yes , they do . 
  ] ( http://www.gamespot.com/gamescom/sony-reveals-ps3-to-ps4-upgrade-program-6413256/ ), 
  yes , you should !, 
  if you have played bf2 before then you should feel yourself quite comfortable 2142 . 
  there are many differences such as gun game just does n't feel quite the same and futuristic aesthetics gives you quite different feeling , but you will easily notice that this is very similar to bf2 . 
  but no matter how good you were at bf2 , you will prob . 
  suck in 2142 early on . 
  the game is definitely dying , and you might have trouble to find something you want to play . 
  some times you are not able to play at all . 
  but it is guaranteed that you will play many good games . 
  also , i 'd like to mention that you will be in a massive disadvantage early on , because you will be mainly against players who 've played this game for hundreds , if not thousands of hours . 
  also , you do n't get any unlocks at the beginning , so you 'd better always pick up dropped kits and use their tools and weapons . 
  here 's a hint : unlock rifle rockets , defibrillator and voss right from the beginning . 
  rifle rockets and defib . 
  combo is the best loadout for infantry battles . 
  also , voss is kinda like m16a3 from bf3 , generally the best gun in the game which has an advantage in pretty much every single situation . 
  it was very important part of the story because they added a living prothean who answers to many mysteries which this series has . 
  i would n't go into details here because i could possibly spoil it for other people . 
  well , you ca n't go wrong with zynga poker . 
  there are micro-transactions but since you are getting money all the time even if you lose and do n't buy micro-transactions . 
  also , if you are good poker player then you could find yourself playing with much worse players . 
  why ? 
  because it is a facebook game . 
  . . nope . 
  yes , you can !, 
  but the problem is that there is only 5 maps and they are size of 16 , just bf2 . 
  but i believe there are some mods that should fix the issue . 
  i must buy sentinel then . . 
  now i need only a hood or something . 
  c&c 3 is much better than red alert 3 and the expansion , uprising . 
  the combat is much faster , smoother and feels more polished !, 
  also , i like c&c 3 aesthetics more . 
  the overall theme and seeing the world infested by tiberium . . it 's beautiful . 
  you can try out the demo from [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.gamefront.com/files/command+conquer+3+tiberium+wars+demo/;6821954;/fileinfo.html ) it includes 2 campaign missions and skirmish on a single map . 
  i do n't like them . 
  they 're just . . ugh , how i 'm going to explicate this ? 
  imo stock models just are better and they do not need any changes . 
  just make them purchasable and do n't replace any stock models , and i 'll be fine with them . 
  i believe that this is issue only on consoles . 
  here on pc i do not see shit servers too often . 
  there are some servers that bans certain weapons and you get killed automatically if you use them . 
  also , the server names clearly tell you what is not allowed . 
  i just generally avoid these servers . 
  also , i 've never been kicked out because i have killed admin too many times . 
  i once got kicked out because i was on rampage and some shit player yelled all the time that i was hacking . 
  after 19-killstreak i got killed and soon i got banned too for `` hacking '' . 
  it depends . 
  older bfs had an excellent conquest , since the maps were designed for them . 
  bc series introduced rush , which was very well executed . 
  bf3 maps feel like they are a horrible mix of both . 
  if anybody wants too see some gameplay footage , check out [ this video . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-_zjkmklpa ) also , this guy does lots of pr gameplay so check out his channel if you got interested !, 
  to be honest , battlefield is one of those genres that also must be played on pc . 
  fine , bc2 was acceptable since 24 players was really suitable for bc2 maps . 
  but bf3 . . 24 players is so inferior experience over the 64 . 
  also , because of console limits some of the maps were really horrible for 64 players , such as metro and seine crossing . 
  fine , next gen consoles get 64 players and 60fps . . but 1080p is not confirmed . 
  at e3 the ps4 version looked worse than pc version and it was n't running at 1080p , but neither 720p . 
  so the question is : how long these consoles can run bfs at acceptable levels ? 
  older battlefields are pc exclusives , and there are amazing mods for these games , such as [ project reality ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jxk7sqnwfm ) for bf2 . 
  i 'd also like to mention that drivers and patching are not anymore a problem for pc . 
  you can make them patch themselves automatically . 
  there might be some problems to get older games running for newer os , but there are really helpful guides that even an autistic could make them runnin ' . 
  sorry , but i must correct this for you . 
  so many people make the same mistake . 
  the game you are talking about is bad company 2 , not battlefield 2 . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9c9xgiikjm ) game is battlefield 2 . 
  well these are dev kits , not the final product . 
  dev kit does n't support 1080p and has some other issues for example . 
  also , it is expected that the final product will be cheaper too . 
  i will get my oculus rift once the final product comes out .
