  because they already earn lots of , if not most of the money from pre-orders , they do not have to focus so much on releasing a game which does n't have bugs or what-so-ever . 
  if barely nobody pre-ordered the game they must had been absolutely sure that the game is polished : no bugs , glitches or what-so-ever . 
  if the game is broken then the consequences would 've been catastrophic : the game would 've earned bad reputation and less sales , meaning that they must buy the game if you want more buyers . 
  meanwhile in current situation it just generates anger from the guys who had bought the game . 
  i know that they have been working hardly for their product , but why is it that games in the past couple of years have been broken as hell during the launch while the popularity of pre-ordering has grown ? 
  i am 100 % sure that these two things correlate . 
  also , what did you benefit from pre-order ? 
  a dlc that is included in premium too ? 
  few battlepacks ? 
  was it really worth it to take a risk to buy a broken game ? 
  what if this was even worse ? 
  what if this was alien : colonial marines situation ? 
  you got completely broken game which did n't match trailer footage at all . 
  and there the risk for taking a pre-order was a stupid exclusive gun or something . . 
  i 'm sorry , but you really ca n't blame ea that they do not prioritize publishing a polished game because they already have your money . 
  it 's not too late though : let this be your last game that you pre-order . 
  mine was battlefield 3 and i have never regretted about not pre-ordering games anymore . 
  i 'm ok with kickstarter though : they give you a clear message that you are taking a risk when you fund their project . 
  in aaa titles like bf4 , you should not take that risk because you do n't have to . 
  now . . [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5uj4xit1y ) an interesting video from totalbiscuit , which also inspired me to write this rant . 
  so , i bought bta wb humble bundle before it got updated . 
  how can i get the updated games to my library ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  if it 's not daily or flash sale , do n't buy it !, 
  pretty much everything is -50 % off at the moment , but you should wait it to become a daily deal or a flash sale . 
  however , if it 's the last day of the sale and the game you have been looking for has n't gotten a discount , then you should buy it !, 
  so , battlefield 4 is currently dirt-cheap on origin , but i unfortunately ca n't get it because i have a new debit card , and my paypal account is n't activated it yet . 
  i 'd really like to buy it for $ 20 , but i unfortunately just ca n't get it !, 
  i know , i might be asking too much , but could somebody buy it for me ? 
  i promise to buy something from steam for $ 20 when i get my paypal account back . 
  i asked all my buddies but they ca n't help me so . . you 're my only hope !, 
  you do n't need to trust me at all if you feel like it but please , this is important . 
  however , if you decide to trust me , [ add me on steam and let 's discuss !, 
  ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041714204 ), 
  so , battlefield 4 is currently dirt-cheap on origin , but i unfortunately ca n't get it because i have a new debit card , and my paypal account is n't activated it yet . 
  i 'd really like to buy it for $ 20 , but i unfortunately just ca n't get it !, 
  i know , i might be asking too much , but could somebody buy it for me ? 
  i promise to buy something from steam for $ 30 when i get my paypal account up and running . 
  i asked all my buddies but they ca n't help me so . . you 're my only hope !, 
  you do n't need to trust me at all if you feel like it but please , this is important . 
  however , if you decide to trust me , [ add me on steam and let 's discuss !, 
  ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041714204 ), 
  if you think that i am scamming you . . well , you can contact admins and ask them to give me `` the biggest scumbag '' flair or something . 
  c/i , finally made it to sectoid commanders . . 
  seriously , three sectoid commanders at the same place ? 
  three ? 
  just because i misclicked , that does n't justify 3 mind-controls in a same turn . 
  i ca n't even get bloody in to kill sectoid commanders , because my mech is blocking the entrance !, 
  two of these fuckers were already bad , but three on e/w is just . . bloody . 
  edit : i finished the mission . . but i lost two lieutenants and a rookie . 
  that 's xcom baby , right ? 
  so i have the basic idea how the will works : the higher will the soldier has , the better resistant he has to panicking and psi attacks . 
  but what is the `` point '' for panicking ? 
  how much will does intimidate and killing reduce ? 
  how much `` lead for example '' does effect ? 
  somebody enlight my ignorant mind !, 
  so , anybody wants to play some mp ? 
  if so , [ add me on steam . 
  ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041714204 ), 
  i 'd prefer to play ew , but if you do n't have it , eu is just fine too . 
  this is one of those posts that are nothing but whining and bitching . 
  and on a very common topic . 
  you know how powerful mimetic skin is . 
  some of you ( like me ) refuse to use it on sp , because it brakes the game . 
  but when you are fighting against that piece of shit . . dear god . 
  so today i was fighting against two units : meme skin double tap sniper and a mech . 
  i had two rapid-fire assault with 15 health and a random rookie . 
  the mech walked into my trap . 
  or at least that 's what i thought . 
  i moved both of my rapid fire assaults from cover , and proceeded to kill the mech . 
  meanwhile i noticed that there is a cloaked unit . 
  i put my rookie on overwatch , and see what he got . 
  boom . 
  double tap . 
  both of my 15hp assaults were down . 
  and my rookie who had a laser rifle . . there was nothing that i could do . 
  alright , if i had some nades , i could 've countered the situation . . but i 've seen much worse situations where this could 've been used . 
  two double tap meme skin sniper ? 
  possible !, 
  rapid fire assaults with meme skins ? 
  that there is definitely possible . 
  this was n't the first time i got raped by this . . thing . 
  i was once fighting against a squadsight sniper + mech + assault + drone . 
  i had 5 watcher light plasma smokejumpers + sectoid commander . 
  he killed my first smokejumper , so i moved out of his line of sight . 
  then i lured him into a trap ; killed his assault and mindcontrolled his mech . 
  and what then ? 
  he hides in a far indestructible cover the whole round , until the mind control goes off . 
  another , undeserved victory . 
  seriously , mp is amazing as long as nobody uses that shit . 
  mind control and squadsight are pain in the ass too but mimetic skin ? 
  game-breaking . 
  edit : i 'd also like to not how cheap mimetic skin is . . 300 each . 
  now , you could use a ghost armor ( which is n't even permanent cloak ) , and it costs . . 4200 . 
  each . 
  and you also have a one-time use grenade , which costs 2000 each . 
  so how on earth the 300 price tag is justified , especially since meme skin is better than more expensive variants ? 
  this is one of those angry rant posts . 
  if you do not like them , then i highly recommend you to stop reading . 
  so , let 's begin .
