  and how do you know that ? 
  well actually when you think about . . you 're prob . 
  right . 
  he hates his fanbase ( fanbois at least ) so much that he might be just trolling them in his spare time . 
  cynical and arrogant brit . . man i like that man so much . 
  turtle beach . . 
  i 'm glad that it got out of it 's misery . 
  brethen , you deserve proper headphones this time . 
  not those `` gaming '' headphones like turtle beach or skullcandy who rely on marketing instead of quality . 
  you deserve something like . . sennheiser . 
  or beyerdynamic . 
  or akg . 
  these companies are known from their audio engineering instead of petty marketing . 
  so i highly recommend getting these instead of just another pair of turtle beaches . 
  i had a pair of steelseries siberia v2s . 
  i though that they were great , but my buddy said that they are n't . . so i trusted his word and got a pair of sennheiser hd518s . . and oh boy it was worth every penny !, 
  tb does n't review games . 
  he makes first impressions . 
  confession : i do n't have that free card . 
  the article fails to even mention vr , only talks about processing power , compares pre-built pcs to gaming pcs . 
  he also completely ignores the fact that steam has surpassed xbox live in terms of popularity . 
  then there 's big f2p games like lol which have 30 million active users . 
  he completely ignores digital media , does n't count in f2p games and sold microtransactions . 
  `` pc sold 32 million software copies '' - no bitch , [ pc sold $ 20 billion in software . 
  ] ( http://www.shacknews.com/article/78421/report-pc-gaming-software-sales-reached-20-billion-in-2012 ) aaa developers might have not so great time on pc , but they 're doing good while indies are doing good as well . 
  `` console market is far , far more lucrative '' - no , it is n't . 
  he says that in case of bf4 but i find it funny that pc is still the most popular platform on bf4 . 
  also that $ 20 billion ( which is prob . 
  even bigger in 2013 due to massive growth on steam ) is a fact that you ca n't deny . 
  it 's also quite amusing how he constantly says how dumb consumers are and pcs are pretty much equals rocket science . 
  i guess clicking icons on steam is far too difficult for average consumer , who knew !, 
  he does have some good points but still , this article is filled with ignorance . 
  i agree . 
  it used to be terrible but the service has become better over the years . 
  it had a rough start but steam had even rougher . 
  but still , origin is n't even nearly as good as steam is . 
  also , steam needs competition . 
  every service and product needs some sort of competition so they would be good . 
  if they get monopoly , the oppression would begin . 
  who would market pc ? 
  hardware manufacturers ? 
  valve ? 
  that 's right , nobody owns pc platform so it is not worth to market pc for casual market . 
  however , when steam boxes get released , things should change quite a bit . 
  zemalf is just insanely good at this game . 
  he has n't lost a single soldier and country !, 
  yes , he 's been lucky few times but you do need some luck on impossible , especially on insanely hard early-game . 
  well sorry that i spoiled it for you . 
  you must admit that he does n't rely on luck though ; he almost always manages to kill the enemy group before they get to shoot . 
  on his first ufo mission and on his first terror mission though he was insanely lucky and he managed to have proper tools in that particular situation . 
  he 's done some mistakes later on but overall he 's done amazing job on playing the game . 
  and dat 5 engineers on the first council mission . . 
  not only the mantle , but 590 is a dual-gpu card ; it is basically two 580s slid . 
  you will have the problems of sli with that card . 
  that being said , just keep the 280x . 
  you can crossfire it in the future if you really feel like it !, 
  they 're ddosing pc games and calling swat teams on my fellow brethen ? 
  he is no brother of mine . 
  * daily, 
  the biggest , and imo the best thing about this expansion are the new maps . 
  seriously , vanilla game was really lacking them and the expansion adds lots of them ( was it 80 ? 
  ca n't remember ) . 
  and these maps are more exiting : ufos crashed into cities instead of that usual forest . . love it !, 
  ca n't wait to see his/her/their `` for the lolz '' response when he/she/they is/are accused for federal offense at the court . 
  well there are lots of ugly mutants . 
  there are also many sequences where you are alone on dark , empty metro tunnels surrounded by mutants . 
  it 's not really a horror game but if some people might find it really scary . 
  please , do n't contribute that adviceanimals crap here . . 
  bl2 is a great game about looting weapons and shooting bad guys and monsters . 
  on co-op it 's even better . 
  if you like looting weapons and getting better gear ( like in diablo for example ) and you also like shooters , then this game is a much . 
  the graphics style might first look weird , but it 'll be great later on . 
  well , uhh . . this is a tricky subject . 
  the vanilla game is really solid experience . 
  dlc is also very good , but if you do n't end up liking the game , you 've basically wasted your money . 
  you could go for the goty edition and get all important dlc , but if you do n't end up liking the game . . money wasted . 
  it 's a great package and you ca n't upgrade from it . 
  season pass includes 4 new mini-campaigns which are n't directly related to the story . 
  they 're very good and i highly recommend playing them after the vanilla game . 
  season pass also includes ultimate vault hunter pack , which is basically a new game + + . 
  season pass does not include 2 additional vault hunters ( characters ) , like goty edition does . 
  vanilla game has 4 vault hunters and they should keep you entertained a playthrough or two . 
  so yeah , goty edition is a way to go if you 're sure that you 'll end up liking the game ( which you surely will ) , because there 's no way to upgrade to goty edition . 
  season pass lacks other stuff too , but most importantly , it does n't have those new vault hunters . 
  they 're not a mandatory for a full experience though !, 
  also , even the goty edition does n't include everything . 
  it lacks 3 seasonal mini-campaigns ( which are apparently much smaller than those 4 bigger mini-campaigns ) and it does n't have a new game + + + . 
  i do n't recommend getting those because i have n't tried out them . 
  our father, 
  * our gaben , who art i done *, 
  * by death from lack of anti-aliasing . 
  * give us this day our daily sale *, 
  * and forgive us our console past , *, 
  * as we forgive those who convert to the platform . 
  * lead us not into origin , *, 
  * but deliver us with download speeds , *, 
  [ my steam account ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041714204 ), 
  i do n't think it 's saying `` gtfo '' , but it 's more like guiding them to better subreddit . 
  you see , our brethen at r/buildapc are dedicated to this particular subject : building pcs . 
  we can help them too ( and i do it sometimes ) , but on r/buildapc,
