  they are from imgur . . but i bet they use those in facebook too . 
  i do get loads of other ads which i have never visited . 
  and i get those ads only when visiting imgur.com from r/mildlyinteresting . 
  i do n't use facebook . 
  but still , they 're bad . 
  not bad , they 're terrible !, 
  if you do n't give that ticket to me , i must [ break ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygqvb6ojhou ) you . 
  i spent only 20 . 
  i am already running out :(, 
  do you play planetside 2 with steam ? 
  if so , you can add that paysafe to your steam account and from there you can buy station cash with your steam wallet . 
  . . or you can just give that card to me , 
  yes . 
  maybe for good . 
  that is not milk , that is chocolate milk . 
  he is . . licking his foot ? 
  oh god . 
  go to this site : http://help.station.sony.com/, 
  open a support ticket , choose planetside 2 , category : in-game issues , community standards . 
  then add the required info and explain your problem . 
  you can also report hackers this way . 
  screenshots are also a big help . 
  if devs used [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qmcevpv9n4 ) speech and added some epic gameplay , they would make one of the greatest trailers ever . 
  3 hours only ? 
  lame , i expected a 24 hour event . 
  i will try this , prob . 
  wo n't help though . 
  fuck you anarchist fucks , fight club is a piece of shit which tries to hide how superior fascism is !, 
  i 'm sure pc would n't require this . 
  it does happen , i know , but if bioware would spend some time i think this fake loading screen would n't be required . 
  sometimes stock helmets render too late , and i can see his face . 
  so it would n't be a problem if there was a `` no helmet helmet '' . 
  i lost him in my second playthrough . 
  it just did n't feel the same after i had so much good time with him in my first playthrough . 
  [ killing wrex is always a wrong choice ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i do n't understand . . are you proud about this `` bad bad '' case ? 
  i would be really shamed if i behaved like you . 
  oh and btw you suck , you are only # 2 in the leaderboards . 
  i got spoiled too . 
  but never mind , i do n't care about halo . 
  it is a good day to be a pootis man, 
  it 's just insanely fun !, 
  yup , i was there . 
  he promised that he 'll be back, 
  guerrilla is awesome . . but do n't try armageddon !, 
  armageddon is a poor tube shooter with a clumsy story . 
  no , armageddon is a tube fps . 
  and it 's rubbish !, 
  i wish it did n't even exist . 
  fixed, 
  my planetside 2 theme has the same clock !, 
  awesome, 
  atleast he 's not harming anyone , so i do n't see any problems with this . 
  sure , i bet he has been reported many times and he will get banned soon . 
  i 'm going to test this . 
  did they remove the customization ? 
  i loved the underground series + old mw , but i heard that the customization was removed . 
  during non-peak hours you should go somewhere where the enemy activity is the highest . 
  we had vip map packs . . vip map pack 7 even brought 2 new maps + 2 sp maps !, 
  we already have one . 
  as an bf veteran i feel like it 's the true sequel of bf2 . 
  for me , the customization is 1/3 part of the game . 
  other ones are free driving and racing . 
  yes !, 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/txv4jhn.jpg ) will be finally gone . 
  maybe the guns sound more realistic if you are wearing protective headset . 
  but the voice acting is absolutely terrible , especially with russians . 
  yaah i found enemy forces, 
  how is this related to counter strike ? 
  this is false . 
  i play on miller which has very good population . 
  people actually try to capture and defend territory , especially on esamir . 
  all fights from tr perspective is mainly focused to [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nabs5lx.jpg ) area , but we are fighting for it . 
  there are usually 3-5 bases which are on state enemy platoons . 
  indar has the same population as the esamir has , maybe * slightly * less than esamir has . 
  amerish has usually 2-3 enemy platoon - state bases and one enemy platoons state . 
  and amerish is usually dominated by tr . 
  here 's my opinions :, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9v1rmptglo ) should help you to choose your shield . 
  anti-vehicle grenade is kinda waste of certs , it does do damage to tanks but it 's not so much , i think it does less than a single grenade . 
  also , at grenade costs 75 resource . 
  munitions pouch is good , but having an engineer around is much better option . 
  you get rockets and fast , and i recommend spending certs on explosive resistance , since you are fighting against tanks . 
  or , you can spend it for extra hp . 
  carv is a good , prob . 
  the best all-around gun . 
  my favourite is tmg-50 , since i fight a lot outdoors . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwxvdo03pag ) might help with your decision . 
  do n't spend any certs on ammunition package , since you can use your turret as an ammunition package . 
  just choose the turret and press b. 
  and that turret ammo pack is always lvl 3 . 
  utility pouch is very expensive , i do not recommend it . 
  sticky grenades are buggy , they do n't stick to many surfaces , so do n't even bother . 
  tank mine lvl 1 is good , since you need only 2 tank mines to kill enemy tank or sunderer ( unless they have mine guard , of course . ), 
  claymores are quite good , but the nc and vs variants are direct upgrades . 
  tr gets the short end in this . 
  i recommend getting 2 claymores , since they are cheap , and you can place them around key objectives , such as doors and generators . 
  they do n't stop massive force but if a lone wolf sneaks past then claymore might 've bought you some time . 
  trac-5 is a good weapon , it really is . 
  once you have gained more certs i recommend either trac-5s or jaguar .
