  next time you are trying to prove something then you really need to have valid arguments with proofs . 
  there are still about 4 active servers left , 2 for us and 2 for europe . 
  that aint much but still , if you really want to play it , you can !, 
  napoleon would be op, 
  `` the whole body suffers from stupid head . '', 
  - old finnish dictum . 
   except imposing that crazy wasd and mouse-control stuff on the poor lad . 
  r/pcmasterrace would disagree with you . 
   rising sun, 
  c&c 3 was a good game , even though it was n't from westwood . 
  i dunno man , cod ghosts has 6gb recommended . . ( which is quite ridiculous if you ask from me ), 
  i believe that is exclusive for beta but do n't quote me on that . 
  the peasant obviously tries to fight back , but he ca n't aim with his thumbsticks because he does n't have auto-aim this time . 
  wow , this is awesome !, 
  well texture & model etc. 
  detail is n't the best , but on large scale this game is absolutely gorgeus !, 
  apparently i get downvoted because it sounds ridiculous , but [ it is true . 
  ] ( http://www.geforce.com/games-applications/pc-games/call-of-duty-ghosts/system-requirements ), 
  also , 6gb ram required for minimum . 
  i smell something . . fishy about it . 
  normally i would cringe when somebody says `` clip '' instead of `` magazine '' , but since we are talking about batteries , i guess neither of them would be suitable word for this situation . 
  and crappy optimization . 
  only 1-2 weeks to go for major optimization update !, 
  the master race is not about owning a top-tier pc , it 's about owning one and embracing gifts of gaben with it . 
  thou must not guilty for owning almost peasant-tier hardware , since it is not !, 
  but seriously , do yourself a favor and swap that pos to something more . . glorious . 
  gayboxone haz gddr3 which pc faggtz use too !, 
  gddr5 is exclusive to ps4 which is next-gen !, 
  no u fuckin faggot ps4 is 100000 million x times better than gaybox !, 
  1vs1 me in bo2 - quick-scopes only . . and i 'll rek u cunt !, 
  pc gamers are such nerdz who live in their mommys basements and have no friends while console players are social human beingz !!!, 
  it 's from the same guys who made xcom eu . 
  yes , the game is n't so heavily focused on combat , but if you liked the game because of its turn-based mechanics , i highly recommend giving it a try !, 
   what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  this is what i saw when i read your text . 
  i just do n't understand why consoles ca n't change their controls freely . . 
  i mean , what 's the point ? 
  we pc gamers can do it , so why not consoles ? 
  changing our keys do not give us any advantages . . but it 's just really great that i can change my melee & action keys etc. 
  to same as i have in every game . 
  sure . . you can change to pc . 
  but this is n't really a solution for your problem . 
  well practically it is , but uhh . . just saying . 
  i 'd say that you do have better chance in public servers with , but you will get your ass wrecked if you play more competitively . 
  is there any particular reason why you ca n't host your own servers from your own pc , let 's say like in tf2 or cs : s ? 
  iirc people have got in trouble because they 've done stuff like that . 
  also , how does he already have scout at turn 3 , few tiles away from his capital ? 
  maybe you screwed with mods or sumthing ? 
  just a wild guess . . 
  i think `` sons of newell '' would be more suitable name for this religion . 
  and by `` fighting '' you mean more like `` stomping on cockroaches '' . 
  well to be honest , that does n't look amazing . . but it definitely is a major update !, 
  oh yeah , absolutely !, 
  but when we compare this to even slightly newer titles . . you get my point . 
  welcome , brethen !, 
  you have came to right place to worship our lord and saviour . 
  as a new reddit user , i highly recommend avoiding r/gaming , unless you really want to cringe . 
  that subreddit is filled with filth and peasantry !, 
  may gaben smile upon you on your glorious journey !, 
  downboats for a repost . 
  `` we bf players are soo mature unlike thode cod kids who quickscope n shit '', 
  that 'll change soon . 
  yes , this will happen in the future . . but valve is the one that unites gaming , not m$ . 
  hmm . . maybe . 
  but i really doubt that . . 2142 and star wars universe are massively different . . just because they both are set in future , that does n't mean that they are similar . 
  yes , i know that , but that is not relevant in my comment . 
  they both are futuristic since both of them have advanced technology , especially on sw . 
  some people ask to stop bashing peasants . 
  some people ask to stop posting shrines . 
  if we suddenly stop posting everything , then what the hell is the point of this subreddit then ? 
  we are free pc gamers - we can do whatever we want !, 
  not like those commie fascist console plebs who are used to live in restrictions . . 
  liberty or death !, 
  oh , i did n't know that a social service has an affect on game engines build and features . 
  i guess i was wrong all the time !, 
  also , if 1,21 terafrops are enough to support microsofts goals , then they must be really low . 
  may gaben have mercy on his soul . 
  your build is very solid !, 
  powerful cpu , ssd , 2 gigs of vram , good cooling . . it does n't need an upgrade for a long time !, 
  however , if you really want to max out everything then you should get 2nd gtx 660 ti , but i 'd wait at least until nvidia drops more of those 600 series prices . 
  that should happen when they announce their new gpus . 
  what 's weird about that ? 
  he 's a warmongering cunt after all . 
  seconded . 
  this .
