  in most scenario enemy inf is well within the 875m range that the cqc variant has . 
  end game armor looks pretty bad tbh . 
  let 's put it this way : 1st tear of armor is old , ragged and obsolete - equipment that could ( and does ) exist in the 2010 's . 
  resistance warrior pack especially nails this art style with its t-shirts , sweaters and xcom eu armor . 
  with 2nd tier of armor you have advent armor plates strapped to alien/conventional material . 
  the armor has that makeshift look that you would create from scavenged resources with avenger 's limited means of production . 
  this leads us to 3rd tier of armor : sure , it 's the future with all kinds of alien technology , but how did they produce such clean & shiny suits with complex shapes and capabilities ? 
  no alien armor looks like that , so the parts ca n't be scavenged . 
  they look something that was made with a massive amount of resources instead of by a small insurgent force in a cramped ship . 
  then there 's shit like the ability to move through walls : it is totally ridiculous since aliens do n't seem to possess that ability . 
  with 3rd level of weapons you at least utilize alien technology : you use their plasma generators and curved shapes are a common trait in their weapons . 
  i wo n't argue if you like the visual appeal on it . 
  however , imo viability is a big factor when determining if the asset is good or not . 
  we do n't know exactly all the limits of that universe , but we 're given plenty of guide ( plasma , gauss/mag , psionics ) on what exists . 
  it 's the same thing with mass effect : the universe has its own rules , like biotics , ship sizes , mass effect fields and weapon functionality . 
  in the ending these rules were very heavily broken as it introduced completely new laws that were n't pointed out earlier . 
  3rd tier of armor ( and some of the late-game stuff that you noted ) imo breaks xcom rules somewhat . 
  so yeah , i do n't agree that ~ ~ advent ~ ~ xcom has the capabilities produce such things . 
  they produced ragged stuff earlier , so why is everything now shiny and custom-built ? 
  if it did have advanced capabilities then they should 've pointed it out more , or included aliens that share that particular type of armor . 
  stun lancer armor imo does n't look like that either . 
  it 's hardcore as it gets . 
  you 're supposed to drive these as fast as you can while maintaining a control on your car - a single crash pretty much ruins your time . 
  just look how the professionals do it . 
  the co-driver feeds him constantly information so that the driver knows exactly what to do at every situation . 
  they 're sweeping these 50km/h speed limit roads at 180km/h + , which this would be impossible if they did n't know what was up ahead . 
  of course , if you play this game for hundreds of hours then you 've learned all the details on the map and you can safely disable the co-driver . 
  but if you 're new to the game you should absolutely keep him enabled unless you 're driving within speed limits . 
  they apparently did n't want to spoil the plot for those who had n't finished the game . 
  imo there should 've been a different cutscene rolling after you had finished the game , i dunno . 
  scandi has plenty nice dedicated fire support units they 're almost completely stripped from moto . 
  you have pansbills but they 're not the same anymore since the bug got fixed . 
  xa-180 's are surprisingly effective as fire support . 
  they 're fast and expendable with 3/2 armor . 
  you 'll be deploying these in large quantities - together they can ditch out some solid damage against infantry . 
  care to elaborate your point ? 
  if the government was secretly spying me and storing information that was none of their business then i 'd be pretty pissed too . 
  i think snowden did a great gesture for the american people , and i 'm genuinely interested why you consider him a traitor . 
  perhaps he 's a traitor for the government but i feel he should be a hero for the people . 
  trump will demolish clinton . 
  currently the democratic party is divided between clinton and sanders since people are sick and tired of clinton 's hypocrisy and incompetency . 
  if the general election ends up being between clinton and trump i have no doubt that trump wins . 
  he and sanders share many positions ( anti-establishment , anti-war , both disliked by their parties ) that will surely cause many sanders supporters end up voting trump over her . 
  also the conservatives despise clintons pretty much more than anything so trump would also get their vote . 
  clinton vs cruz ? 
  well , that man wants to build christian state of america so there 's no chance that sanders voters will end up on his side so she would win that match-up easily . 
  sanders and trump would probably be the most interesting match-up from an outsider 's standpoint . 
  i predict that it would be a tight race since clinton voters would pick sanders over him , so swaying votes from one side to the other would be a lot harder . 
  well , it might run decently . 
  you can always buy the game and refund it if it does n't run adequately . 
  hackers are an . . issue . 
  if you 're playing on ranked mode at the highest level then you will face them constantly . 
  play casual mode or lowish-level ranked and they are pretty seldom . 
  the player-base is rock solid . 
  topped today at 12k on steam and not even remotely all players are using steam due to gpu bundles , myself included . 
  as for the quality the community is pretty mature due to a high price tag , but facing twats is inevitable at some point . 
  sorry , you can get a license for a pistol only if you 're 20 years old ( this includes citizens as well . ), 
  ye did n't mean that you can get the license automatically if you 're 20 , just that it 's one of the requirements . 
  you used your sidearm at a shotgun range since super 90 can shoot a lot further than other shotguns in the game . 
  it 's front-wheel drive . 
  you do n't see your opponents ' deck in ranked . 
  cockpit games - i already have a g27 wheel , and i 'm excited to play my driving games in vr . 
  i 'm also planning getting a joystick for flight sims . 
  seriously . 
  the crimean referendum was illegal and it was heavily intimidated by pro-russian side . 
  the referendum has no legitimacy . 
  also , let us not forget that russia sent armed forces & advanced equipment to the eastern ukraine that caused decisive losses for the ukrainian side . 
  russia obviously denies all of this even though the evidence is out there . 
  us has done a lot of bad stuff , arguably more than russia , but that does n't exclude the fact that russia 's hands are n't clean by any means . 
  i do agree with you , us has done a lot of despicable moves for their self-interest and they deserve to be criticized for that . 
  wars are terrible , sure , and not a lot of people even know about us coups done in latin america & elsewhere . 
  however , your comment gave me an impression of whataboutism . 
  someone asked about why russia is bad , someone else answered that and you attempted to refute his point by noting that us is a lot worse . 
  that does n't alleviate the severity of russia 's actions . 
  small arms . 
  they do only 0.1 damage per he vs 1 armor . 
  since infantry at is heat , 13 armor survives 26ap ( metys-m , rbs 56 ) , 12 armor survives 25ap ( eryx ) , 11 armor survives 24ap ( rpg-29 ) and so on . 
  browsing these stats and memorizing them is part of the learning process . 
  that 's insane . 
  i got my ea account hacked couple months ago . 
  i had to call ea customer service in order to get it back . 
  much for my surprise the service was available on my native language ( finnish ) . 
  i got my account back just by providing any key activated on my account ( which were listed on my e-mail ) , and then the ea support dude gave me advice on how to add additional security on my account . 
  as much as i disagree with ea on their modding policy i have to give them credit for their customer support . 
  their service is nearly perfect while valve 's is utterly unacceptable . 
   though , i am only slightly enjoying the messages telling me how i can do things better :p, 
  well , you could start by * not * deleting my shitposts from / r/planetside !, 
  but seriously , i had no idea that you were working on squad , so congrats on the job !, 
  pr is one of my favorite shooters ever made , so i have high expectations on you guys delivering a proper sequel for that masterpiece , and i 'm sure you guys will deliver it . 
  the progress has been looking good so far ( aside from the vehicle part that has been slow which you just explained . ), 
  everything that could 've gone wrong went wrong . 
  even though i had built gts already i failed to rush my sniper to sergeant , so this was supposed to be one last 4-man mission . 
  fortunately for me the mission was a supply raid so overwatch camping was the name of the game . 
  final pod left , flashbangs used and 2 grenades left , one per grenadier . 
  cpl grenadier is at 2hp . 
  the pod that consists two lancers and a viper steps into my overwatch stack - all of my shots miss . 
  they scatter poorly . 
  i ca n't hit two targets at the same time , so i prioritize lancers over the snake . 
  after the firefight one lancer dies . 
  the other one at 2hp goes after my specialist and takes him down to 3hp .
