  moukass and other small channels like mattiace are very small and i would say that have almost none influence on game population : those who are already playing the game do watch his vids , because they do nothing but planetside 2 . 
  also , remember back in the day of wds pre-season 1 , when tr won every single week due to the overpop ? 
  i ca n't remember that any big youtubers were playing tr during that time . . 
  if they bring in 2x sc sale , i am literally going to cry . 
  i bought 1000sc couple hours ago , so . . 
  no , it happens pretty much every bloody week . . 
  well , it is a game that i 've spent 100 $ on . 
  i have gotten my money back but this game is filled with minor problems that infuriate me , like unequal patching time . 
  also , my insulting was not directed to a particular person , it was directed to a larger group : americans . 
  in that case the insult itself is fairly mild . 
  also , i do disrespect us europeans by saying `` europoor '' , so it is ( almost ) equal taunting on each side . 
  anyway , the servers are up and rolling in a fairly good time too , so i am pretty happy . 
  ca n't wait for the next week , then !, 
  again , no ps2 for today either . . 
  * sigh *, 
  i doubt that it is 11 million . 
  the source is pretty questionable . 
  i second this . 
  i wanted to re-install bf2 , but i had lost my cd-key . 
  i contacted them and they gave it back right away . 
  congrats on your win , buddy !, 
  i am totally * not * jealous about that gtx770 . 
  before you pre-order , [ watch this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5uj4xit1y ), 
  b-but . . b-but . . 
  actually , this is the 3rd time you pay for gulf of oman . 
  4th time if we count bfp4f . 
  well , you can argue that beta product might not be as good as the final version . 
  let 's look at battlefield 4 for example : aside from crashing and quite poor performance , the `` final '' version of the game had a massive list of problems which the beta version did n't have . 
  i doubt that titanfall will be on similar case , but why should you take the risk ? 
  i mean , you surely might get a discount or some extra skin for your gun , but i am personally gon na wait after the launch . 
  if you decide to take a risk that the game might have tons of major issues which might get fixed in few months , then sure , go for it . 
  here 's my favourite loadout :, 
  4x smokejumper supports with light plasma rifle , scope and berserker genemod . 
  everybody has 70 aim + 10 from scope and 10 from scope . 
  1350 points each . 
  adrenal neurosympathy gives you +10 when activated , hyper reactive pupils give you +10 when you miss a shot . 
  so all of these soldiers can have up to 110 aim . 
  make that 130 if you have height bonus !, 
  also , everybody has a smoke grenade which grants 20 defense . 
  these should be your bread-and-butter units , rest of the squad can improvise . 
  i use this :, 
  hunter sniper with laser sniper rifle , scope , berserker gene mod . 
  88 aim + 10 scope + up to 20 from berserker = 118 aim . 
  2250 points . 
  he can make good damage but the main benefit comes from its battle scanner : reveals fog of war and cloaked units . 
  lastly i have medic support with light plasma rifle , medikit , berserker . 
  92 aim + up to 20 from berserker = 112 aim . 
  2000 points . 
  fast unit , great for flanking and reviving your teammates . 
  smoke gives you 40 def . 
  because this squad costs only 9650 , your opponent wo n't usually go lower than that , so you will get the first turn . 
  because this squad does n't have any explosives , you should play aggressively and constantly flank your enemy : having the first turn is very important for this squad . 
  if your opponent goes 10k , you should make one of your units slightly better , like giving your medic hypersenses - genemod . 
  yeah , hypersenses has hyperreactive pupils and bioelectric skin . 
  [ what about something like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96z2cd2pf_e ), 
  also , that guy is daddy . 
  euro truck simulator 2 . 
  you get to drive trucks . . yeah . 
  bf2 is almost 10 years old though . . and devs added free maps with the patches . 
  it 's funny how bc2 was a game that pretty much nobody asked for but still ended up being a fantastic game . 
  sure , it lacked good stuff like modding tools but because it did n't take itself too seriously , like the voice acting and destruction are just ridiculous , i still liked it . 
  also , one thing that i really appreciated about bc2 was its design philosophy : `` less is more '' . 
  most , if not all of the guns and gear were actually useful and there were n't any stupid things added like mav or anti-rocket fucking shield or ucavs . . terrible design decisions from dice . 
  i 'm just gon na quote fourtwofour here :, 
  well , it did n't have `` shitload of '' unlocks , at least when compared to bf3 & bf4 . 
  7 weapons per each class + all-class weapons with very limited customization is n't that much , and there was n't a clear winner on the weapon arsenal if you really think about that ( dae m16a3 heavy barrel kobra ?? ), 
  i disliked magnum ammo & body armor though . 
  and , about rush . . fantastic gamemode on 12vs12 , maximum is 16vs16 - most people do n't realize that it 's not made for 32vs32 . 
  also , maps were designed for rush in that game , instead of horrible mess in bf3 . 
  as for destruction . . it 's your personal preference . 
  if you dislike it , there 's nothing wrong about that . 
  i do agree that bf2 is a great game - my 2nd favourite bf after 2142 . 
  but bc2 was a console spin-off that surpassed my expectations by far - shame that dice failed to deliver after that . 
  quick match is a custom match : it puts you in a custom game if there is any available . 
  if not , it always creates a 10k game with bar . 
  that being said , just wait in ranked match or search for custom matches . 
  the playerbase is very small and you must accept the fact that you ca n't always play , even if you want to . 
  banshee mounted on prowler ? 
  no thanks , that would cause a lot of qq . 
  i would n't blame though since it would be extremely powerful , especially on infantry farming . 
  as for your marauder suggestion , i 'm actually fine with it . 
  currently the marauder performs almost exactly like fury does ( not sure about the stats ) , so i 'd be happy to have some extra variants . 
  iirc they changed the main writer for me3 . 
  that would explain the terrible ending and some other questionable scenes . 
  overall me3 was imo a great game , unfortunately its bad ending left a bad taste for everyone . 
  they could 've just copy-pasted the fantastic me2 ending-style !, 
  sure , it would have gained some critic for not doing something different but it would 've been much better than what the final product was . 
  not everyone likes it . 
  i hate it due to broken gunplay and after 50 hours of gameplay i have quit . 
  controllers are inferior to kb/m when it comes to fps games . 
  if these servers were combined , console players would be in a severe disadvantage while pc players would be pretty much shooting fish in a barrel . 
  even if they would implement auto-aim for ps4 , pc players would still have the upper hand . 
  so yeah , it 's about kb/m vs controller debate . 
  why should i play a game which causes me nothing butj frustration because the game screws me all the time due to bad `` netcode '' ? 
  i mean , i have tons of other good games so why should i play this broken piece of software which will most likely never going to be fixed ? 
  holy hell , bf2 is only 2,50 $ !, 
  i definitely recommend picking this classic up . 
  not only the game itself is very solid but the project reality mod is * a must * for anybody who is even slightly interested in realistic , tactical shooters with heavy focus on communication and teamwork .
