  just quit betting and start watching matches for enjoyment . 
  i used to bet as well but i lost everything , so . . now i just spectate these games out of pure interest . 
  well , it 's understandable if some people do n't like to get screwed over after a teeny weeny mistake or just a pinch of bad luck , but the thing is that the base game , even on normal difficulty is tough for a newbie , especially if you are playing on ironman mode ( all moves are permanent & no save-scumming ) . 
  ah never mind , just play it how you 'd like it to be but the ride is going to be messy , even if you 'd decide to load your old saves . 
  * have fun *, 
  happiness ? 
  oh , do n't get your hopes too high . 
  maybe there 's new luxuries are some sort healing plants that give health , you know . 
  i do n't want to sound too negative but this game looks like a re-skinned civ 5 in many areas so i would n't be too surprised if that happened as well . 
  the thing is that it ai n't a spaceship . 
  that 's [ ud-12 shepherd vtol transport ] ( http://pcmedia.gamespy.com/pc/image/article/738/738084/battlefield-2142-20061009064104699.jpg ) from battlefield 2142 . 
  well , it 's at least something similar to it . 
  yeah , i agree with you that everything is not a reskin ( that is not what i claimed though ) , but from what i 've seen there are some things that should have changed . 
  for example , the diplomacy screen . 
  this was one of the most irritating thing in civ 5 and i am displeased to see that it has n't changed at all ; every option is there the same , and it 's a thing that has received many complaints . 
  and if this luxury resource thingy stays there as well then i 'd be pretty disappointed . 
  yeah and i 'm referring to that . 
  even though the model and textures are kinda different there 's a distinguishable similarity . 
  hopefully so , but i 'm still waiting for my [ upgrade now !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlq6jrhmwv4&amp;list=uuljvywiqrfh_zfjasdyzx-a ) camo . 
  [ 0:40 ] ( http://threepanelsoul.com/comics/2010-02-08-153.jpg ), 
  well , that completely depends on what you prefer - do you prefer city-building stuff or would you like to play a good rts game ? 
  if you do n't have any experience with rts titles then you may not end up liking that game but it 's at least a start to this complex genre . 
  i have no experience with sim city so i wo n't comment on that . 
  so , what comes up with this game ? 
  well , it contains 3 different campaign for each faction in alternative universe . 
  the story itself is pretty humorous and its aesthetics are pretty . . goofy . 
  they also brought some top hollywood actors to cutscenes including gemma aktinson , j.k.simmons , jonathan pryce and ivana milicevic . 
  gameplay-wise its definitely on the easier side in the rts-genre but there definitely is a big learning curve , especially with all the micro-management . 
  there 's also skirmish mode which in my opinion gets dull after a while , and an online mode which i bet that it 's dead . 
  even if it still had some population they 'd be the most hardcore fans which would absolutely destroy you if you 'd go against them . 
  i 'd also like to point out that the campaign is a co-op campaign which will be played with ai or a friend , so if you have one then i can only image it being more fun together . 
  so should you go for it ? 
  yeah if you like rts stuff . 
  even with $ 3 bucks its definitely worth trying out this genre which has lost quite a lot of popularity in recent years due to rise of mobas . 
   watch beaglerush 's original ironman impossible series on youtube, 
  i have a better suggestion ; watch zemalf 's i/i ew playthrough . 
  he finished his playthrough without losing a single mission , country , soldier or interceptor . 
  his playthrough might be dull to watch since he tries to figure out for like 10 minutes how he can improve his 100 aim +95 crit chance . 
  anyway , his pure perfectionist playthrough is something very impressive to watch . 
  he got moderately lucky at the beginning though . 
  oh , just like you accidentally cross into our ( finnish ) border now and then with your fighter jets ? 
  i call bullshit onto this one . 
  well to be fair , it was either that ( gain free land without a war against germany ) or siding with britain & france and go to war against germany without gaining any additional land . 
  now , i do not agree how russian authorities treat that deal but the deal itself definitely was much better than what britain & france offered to ussr . 
  also , if winter war did n't happen then ussr may have not realized how shit their army was , and they may have been defeated by germany in inevitable war . 
  definitely arctic wolf - it 's like the author himself crafted that tali helmet for me , 
  sure , it could have some tubes going under the chin and it but , ehh . . whatever . 
  well , planetside 2 does n't have a mandatory subscription ( and its benefits are pretty minimal when compared to other mmos ) so you could just try it out or even play it for 6 months without paying a penny . 
  this game feels more like a battlefield game rather than a traditional mmo so if you like battlefield , especially the old ones , then this game could just be for you . 
  there 's also the grinding part but that is practically the whole point of the game : huge pvp battles which can last for hours , hence called grinding . 
  it 's not that usual pve grinding stuff though . 
  also the f2p is pretty balanced since there is n't any `` super guns '' for example that deal twice as much damage as free guns but i 'd be lying if i said that it 's perfectly balanced for everybody . 
  the most valuable thing about this game though by far is raw skill though ; positioning and aim . 
  talimancers unite !, 
  sounds good - this and in country vietnam ( originally a red orchestra 2 mod that is apparently going to be a standalone game ) will definitely be projects that i 'll keep my eyes . 
  it 's good to see some vietnam stuff for a while even though that they 're coming from mod teams , which is n't a bad thing necessarily ( i.e project reality and desert combat ) since modders know what gamers really want to play . 
  `` sorry , shepard . . wo n't be with you at the end . 
  snipe one for me would you ? '', 
  save-scumming is heresy in this subreddit so i 'd be careful about my words if i were you . 
  yeah , this really resembles xcom and the game would be awesome if it was n't such a pay to win - mess . 
  after the beginning p2w bullshit starts to kick in and then . . and then it is time to uninstall . 
  i have no problem with f2p games but ghost recon shows clearly how you do n't to make one . 
  ehm . . not sure why you call planetside 2 a pay2win game . 
  all guns have pretty much the same dps ( effective cqc guns sitching more damage ofc ) , there 's no super ammo or anything like that . . aircraft require some investment with either free currency or real money but considering how hard flying is anyway you would not have a chance against pro pilots anyway . 
  also you can stick to support roles and since singular performance does n't mean anything you really ca n't buy yourself to win . 
  trust me , i have played this game for ~ 500 hours so i know what i 'm talking about . 
  spent 70 $ , mainly to purchase cosmetics . 
  so what does ghost recon have ? 
  massive differences between free/cheap guns vs premium guns ( more than three times extra damage ) , huge purchasable damage reductions , p2w things like magnum ammo and grenades purchased with currency , purchasable cooldown reductions . . 
  the list just goes on and on . 
  you mentioned that you just started the game ; trust me , once you get out of beginner matchmaking it becomes terrible . 
  on planetside 2 a f2p noob can easily kill a max level player ( provided that his standard fps skills are solid ) but on ghost recon you need to spend about 100 $ to equal playing field . 
  ehh , i dunno about pub servers . 
  i 've found them being pretty cancerous filled with brats and all kind of stuff . 
  i personally prefer playing alone but playing with irl buddies on a private server is fun as well . 
  ahh , hell march 2 . 
  what a phenomenal theme for such a great game . 
  its sequel was solid as well but hell march 3 theme but uhm . . never mind . 
  not really related to this conflict , is it ? 
  just out of curiosity , have you considered getting a pair of headphones ? 
  now , i do not know if you already have a pair of them but having headphones is just generally a better option for gaming . 
  ye but medic was just as op as assault was in bf3/4 , so the reliance on others really was n't due to classes . 
  i think that the biggest reason was squad leader being the only spawn point + since walking was slow & transports were few and far between , his role was much more important . 
  watch out / u/kogoros , you just got a rival !, 
   i have n't played x : com . 
  and that 's why you should n't argue if you do n't know both sides of the coin . 
  xcom will be remembered as one of the most legendary strategy games of all time . 
  it managed to make turn-based strategy , this very cliche genre back to its glory . 
  it has some pretty new mechanics which are both enjoyable by casual audience and has quite a lot of depth as well , in which the most battle-hardened players can find some challenge ( see zemalf 's xcom : ew playthrough for example ) . 
  then there 's always that long war mod which makes the game even tougher and adds a lot of depth for those who seek even more . 
  sure , there are some people who liked original games and think that the game is nothing but bullshit and while they certainly have some decent arguments . . we just can say that those people exist in every franchise and they have too much nostalgia . 
  well , that depends how you want to play . 
  for example , i usually attempt to make this `` l formation '' offensive tactic [ ( see my paint illustration ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e6rlfe5.png ) where i shoot & suppress the fuck out of aliens while my 2nd fireteam , which is being led by a scout , either goes for the flank or attempts to blow their cover up with sapper nades . 
  for this tactic the marksman rifle works really well since it carries the punch needed for that decisive flanking shot and it does n't have that aim penalty since hes engaging from distance . 
  it might not be the best tactic since it has some risks like the 2nd team detecting additional works but it has worked pretty well on my b/i playthrough . 
  well to be fair , cobble is a new map ( on competitive scene ) so it is not surprising that entry fraggers do n't have that routine to check every corner like they have in common maps . 
  well , you can always play on the lowest difficulty . 
  it 's not like the gap is like attempting to study rocket science after playing with matchsticks . 
  you know , it will be harder than the standard experience but you should be able to handle it .
