  i know this wo n't be a easy problem to fix , because of the rendering distance problems . 
  and if liberators become devastating a2g vehicle then domes would become relevant too . 
  but there must be done some changes . 
  one of the changes required is to add a generator which would disable the dome . 
  what happens when dome gets disabled ? 
  libs come and rape you , so protect it at all costs . 
  you did good son , you did good . 
  i 'm . . proud of you . 
  it 's not too bad . 
  the helmet is silly though . 
  well i meant that liberators should be somewhat effective at areas where skyguards are not so effective anymore . 
  on that range shooting from lib is challenging but not hard , and they ca n't stay up there forever if skyguard is shooting them . 
  is this modded desert combat ? 
  slightly better maybe , but not by much . 
  not that this is not the final product , since the quality is low . 
  well . . this is lame . 
  imo tr think needs gas masks and stahlhelms, 
  well , concept art change , you know . 
  i agree that vs should have some orange colours . 
  their current cames are too dark at night !, 
  luckily the nights are n't very dark . . 
  i 'm assuming that people were bitching about nc helmet , not this . 
  i mean , this is almost as same as the stock helmet . 
  shepard . 
  wrex . 
  well that was . . interesting . 
  i would n't try this game out if i only saw that commercial , but chinese prefer commercials like these , right ? 
  i 've never been in china but in thailand there were many commercials kinda like this . 
  no , it is never too late . 
  like purplecake911 already said , do n't rush into multiplayer . 
  learn very basics against bots and then move to casual gamemodes in multiplayer . 
  also , watch on youtube how professionals play . 
  [ hattongames ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/hattongames/videos ) is your # 1 source of cs : go on youtube . 
  check his channel , he makes tons of good content . 
  you mean 541 meters ? 
  everything on this subreddit are re-posted like couple weeks ago . 
  better than bf4 theme . 
  while this theme is n't perfect and there are lots of things to refine , it honors the older titles and it 's actually quite good !, 
  it 's hard to say . 
  but here 's my opinions . 
  this theme lacks the famous bf du-du-duh-du-duh-duh - thing . 
  i maybe heard it but it is n't clear . 
  i do not know if you tried to make to make this theme like a classic theme but still unique , or did you do something like in bad company 2 . 
  also , my other problem with this is that maybe chinese instruments ( ? ), 
  do not really fit for a bf main theme . 
  it is better than the current farting we get , but that farting does not fit to anything , expect maybe for call of duty . 
  this would be a great loading theme for usvschina for example . 
  i actually liked this more than the bf2 china loading theme . 
  but for main theme ? 
  main theme should be always orchestral . 
   i did n't use any electronic sounds , this is an orchestral piece . 
  well pardon me , i did n't mean that . 
  i can clearly see that i do n't know these music terms so well , especially in english . 
  but i guess you see where the `` problem '' is : it 's far-eastern themed . 
  classic bf theme has always been a orchestral with a western theme in it . 
  and since russians are included in bf4 too , it would be kinda silly to make it far-eastern themed . 
  other than that , great theme !, 
  if this was an official loading theme for usvschina , i would n't be surprised . 
  expect it 's different from current farting theme which dice prefers to make . 
  carbon was n't as good as most wanted though . 
  it was much shorter and the whole gang thing with boosts . . just no thanks . 
  customization was much better though and canyon racing was cool . 
  there are many reasons why carbon is worse than mw but i 'm sure you 'll enjoy carbon too . 
  or maybe she disapproves because he bought gtx670 : s instead of 700-series . 
  or maybe she is amd fangirl . 
  or maybe she pays the electricity bill . 
  or unfortunately , she 's dirty console peasant . 
  you can never be sure about youtube comments . . 
  unfortunately i have to agree with this , new generation of gamers is the problem . 
  and i doubt these changes would be too much for older players . 
  i have a solution for this : make these changes for hardcore mode or better : give us the mod tools . 
   i also have n't played through the citadel dlc yet ( this playthrough would be my first time ) , so who has the best romance scenes in there ? 
  i can tell you one thing : it 's definitely not tali . 
  while that is true , those selfish lonewolves must not play those key roles . 
  that might be true , but i still have my hopes on pc mustard race . 
  everybody says that they changed from cod to battlefield because you have to work as a team - now in bf4 we 'll see was that just cod bashing talk or were they actually serious . 
  if dice give us proper communication tools then we will see it . 
  atleast you reload bullets instead of matchboxes . 
  [ there is only one person who is worthy to my pillow ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pfg7s.jpg ), 
  now you must face the real final boss - depression . 
  [ read ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1gnlvh/mod_post_clarification_on_rule_1/ ), 
  you should 've tried to melee . 
  i 've already played it for nearly 400 hours . 
  i ` ts a great game , no questions about that . 
  casting and making yt videos is tbs business . 
  if soe decides to give him hefty amount of money and say `` look , you must learn all things about this games . 
  i hope this helps '' , then he will do it . 
  so , no movement animations for mp ? 
  that is so poor weak argument . 
  while it is true that pc gets outdated faster than the consoles , he exaggerates too much . 
  this game has so many badmins , especially on consoles ( atleast that what i 've heard ) . 
  i remember a time when i got 19 killstreak with usas 12 on sharqi peninsula . 
  one dude kept all the time yelling that i was hacking . 
  he was so shit player , always standing in the open with his sniper rifle and not able to shoot shit . 
  that killstreak ended perfectly . 
  i ran to the roof of the tv tower , killed couple guys in my way . 
  then there was a chopper . 
  i killed everybody inside and took it for myself . 
  then i started circling around the tv tower before someone shot me down with rpg . 
  i bailed , got one more kill and then i got banned .
