  if you want to use other classes you must be in squad , and there can be only one of each class per squad . 
  medic is an exception , you can 2 medics if the squad is full , 8 players . 
  then there are classes like light antitank , grenadier , officer , mg , marksman , sniper , heavy antitank . . 
  many of these classes are not only restricted 1 per squad , but also max amount per team . 
  for example , you can have up to 5 light ats , 2 snipers and 1 heavy at per team . 
  also , if there are less people in the server , you have less of these special classes . 
  building stuff is also very important . 
  you ca n't spawn to flags just like you can in bf games , so building forward operation bases is essential . 
  how do you build stuff then ? 
  you need crates . 
  crates works as supplies , and you need x amount of them if you want to build certain items . 
  fob for example , needs 2 light crates or 1 heavy crate . 
  you can also build mg , at and aa emplacements , mortars , foxholes and wires . 
  when you have the supplies for whatever you want to build , the squad leader marks the place where you build things . 
  then , squad members must take their shovels and build it . 
  you just need to hold your trigger and shovel it until its ready . 
  ok , i am interested , now what ? 
  first of all , check some pr gameplay . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-_zjkmklpa ) makes good pr videos , so check out rest of his videos . 
  second , buy the game . 
  you only need bf2 vanilla , expansions are not required . 
  first you need to install bf2 , then special forces expansion if you have one , then 1.41 patch , then 1.5 patch ( you need to download them from internet ) after that install the mod . 
  if you have problems with punkbuster then download it and install . 
  but i believe it happens automatically with pr installation . 
  third , [ read this manual . 
  ] ( http://www.realitymod.com/manual/pr_manual.pdf ) it has pretty much all the information you need . 
  4th , play some offline bots first , so you get somewhat comfortable with things . 
  and lastly , join an online game and have fun !, 
  here 's an advice for you : spotting . 
  spotting is one of the hardest things in the whole game . 
  both teams usually have same type of camouflages and you really ca n't recognize if its friendly or hostile . 
  because of that check your map often , like every 30 seconds . 
  if you see friendlies ahead of you then people you see should be friendly . . 
  if there is n't , then they should be hostile . 
  also , if he is facing at your direction then he is most likely hostile . 
  hello fellow redditors , i just got my ipad 2 for rent from my school , and i am wondering should i get xcom : eu for it . 
  i have played the game on my pc and i love it . 
  i am just wondering how well does it run on ipad 2 , does the game have any additional issues and how many maps less it does have when compared to pc version . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  some of you might know that battlefield 2 still has an active modding community , thanks to project reality mod . 
  however , the engine is not open source . 
  because of this many features can not be implemented , which otherwise could be . 
  [ this video will explain everything . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsbghfvojzo ), 
  please , take your time to fill [ this ] ( https://www.change.org/petitions/dice-open-source-battlefield-2 ) survey . 
  bf2 modding community will thank you if you sign the survey !, 
  hello r/techsupport , i have two problems that have infuriated me for couple months . 
  my first problem is that when i 'm in-game my game automatically goes to desktop this only happens when i am playing games , ad it happens maybe once or twice per hour . 
  my second problem is that my pc starts automatically auto-clicking . 
  also , when this happens and i try to type , certain keys trigger some things such as alt tabbing . 
  the only way to solve is to log off . 
  i 'd also like to mention that i had a bad virus and because of that i had to install spyhunter ( there 's something wrong about spyhunter itself . . only fake accounts & pages are promoting the product ) . 
  now my pc thinks that the spyhunter is os and i must choose windows 7 every time i boot my pc . 
  so does this relate to alt-tab & autoclick problem , and can i get off this problem too , without touching regedit or something ? 
  i have ms sidewinder as my keyboard and roccat savu as my mouse . 
  also , the pc is custom build with hd6950 and 2500k , and it has windows 7 home premium . 
  ** long post , prepare to read **, 
  this topic has come relevant again thanks to battlefield 4 : premium trailer . 
  i 'd like to discuss about this topic with you ; has the dlc become too forced not only in bf franchise , but also on other games ? 
  now , let 's start right right from the beginning :, 
  battlefield 1942 - 2 expansions . 
  the base game has 21 maps . 
  road to rome expansion has 6 maps , secret weapons of ww2 has 9 . 
  i ca n't go to exact details since i have n't played so much this game , and dlcs are untouched . 
  battlefield : vietnam - no expansions , the game has 17 maps total . 
  battlefield 2 : 3 expansions . 
  the base game has 16 maps total . 
  many of those maps were added to the game later , for free . 
  battlefield 2 : special forces added 8 new maps with 6 different groups groups : seals , sas , spetsnaz , mec : sf , insurgents and rebels . 
  all of the groups had new models ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) and 3 of them had new voice acting . 
  new gadgets were introduced , such as grappling hook , zip line , flashbang , gas mask , nv goggles and gas mask . 
  also , there were added new weapons and vehicles . 
  all of these new weapons and gadgets were exclusive for expansion maps . 
  battlefield 2 : euro force added 3 new maps with european forces ( new models and voice acting ) , 7 new weapons and 2 new vehicles . 
  battlefield 2 : armored fury added 3 new maps with 6 new vehicles . 
  both of these expansions became free in the latest , 1.50 patch released on 2009 , 4 years after the game was released . 
  battlefield 2142 - one expansion . 
  the base game had 10 maps , and 7 new maps were added in later patches . 
  battlefield 2142 : northern strike added 3 new maps with 2 new vehicles . 
  this expansion also became free in the latest patch , which was released on 2011 . 
  at this point frostbite replaced refractor 2 , and no mod tools released either . 
  with refractor 2 you could make mods for your games , basically adding free content for games . 
  there were many mods made for this franchise , but project reality and desert combat are 2 massive ones , which are both included in [ moddb hall of fame . 
  ] ( http://www.modhof.com/ ) desert combat was the first battlefield set in modern era . 
  thanks to its popularity dice hired these guys to help them with battlefield 2 . 
  without it this franchise could possibly be dead . 
  project reality , as the name suggests , is a mod that tries to make battlefield 2 as realistic as possible . 
  the mod is still in development and there are hundreds of players playing it . 
  battlefield : bad company - no expansions . 
  9 maps included . 
  battlefield : bad company 2 - vip map packs + 2 expansions . 
  base game has 13 maps ( vip map packs included ) . 
  vip map packs mainly were re-makes of existing maps for new game modes , but there were 4 new maps and 2 maps from campaign . 
  vip map packs were free , unless you bought used game . 
  in that case you have to buy 12 $ vip pass . 
  vip map packs were clearly a way for ea to fight against used games . 
  onslaught included 4 existing mp maps . 
  you fight in up-to 4 man squad against enemy bots . 
  the objective is to capture certain areas asap . 
  you can compete against your friends , and against rest of the world .
