  and yes , the scope is being nerfed in cte but i do n't think it 's the right way to nerf the scope , * the smoke thingy of course . 
  that should be a feature but overall the scope just makes enemies just too visible , especially during daylight . 
  it 's not that bad . . 
  i mean , you have a dozen or so populated servers during eu prime time , which is more than enough to fulfill your bf needs . 
  dunno about other regions/consoles . 
  i think the biggest issue is that there 's rarely any servers populated other than conquest large . 
  sure , it 's the best gamemode but i 'd like to play carrier assault etc. 
  occasionally too . 
  post your deck to imgur . 
  dunno about your idea tho . . this one was trivial to guess . 
  but when it comes to creativity you should do your projects primarily for yourself and not for the others . 
  this is a tricky question , but the rule of thumb is that gevaermenn ' 90 's are better for anti-infantry roles , while pansarskyttes are at . 
  m/58 does only 6/10 damage on average when compared to mg3 - this is pretty bad to say the least . 
  pansarskytte '90 is also 5 points more expensive than its norwegian brethen . 
  then there 's the at launcher . . sure , at4 is better but not by that far , as m72a4 can ohk up to 2 armor and at4 has 19ap , meaning that it 's not very reliable against heavy armor . 
  sure , the range helps and extra 5 % accuracy helps too , but it is completely decimated by kustj\u00e4gare ' 90 's doomcannon 9000 ( ati2t , at4 with 25ap ) . 
  then there 's the question of ifv , too . 
  on one hand norway gets nm135 , an autocannon for only 10 points . 
  it is super cost-efficient that deals very good damage against infantry for its price . 
  sweden on the other hand gets stridsfordon 9040 , an ifv that is arguably the best anti-vehicle ifv after marder 2 . 
  this will wreck many pesky things like btr-90 ( although that thing gets occasionally lucky with stuns and crits ) . 
  it can also deal with infantry very well . 
  bear in mind that this transport comes with a large variety of swedish infantry , so having pansarskyttes are n't a necessity to acquire this vehicle . 
  bottom line here is that gevaermenn '90 is a safer bet . 
  it is in my opinion the best line infantry available in the game . 
  pansarskyttes , while not being bad , has its strengths covered by other units in the scandinavian armory . 
  it 's decent but not necessarily worth the infantry slot . 
  you can always mix things up and go stormer + pansarskytte ' 90 . 
  you still get that great nm135 , and shock infantry is usually better for assaulting than line inf . 
  one good thing about livgarden '85 is the 875m carl gustav , which occasionally catches people with their pants down . 
  that 's probably not worth the extra price + shitty transport , though . 
  krogan would be a great faction in blood bowl i reckon . 
  i think you 're missing the point here . 
  it can be a fun little experience in trivial prisons like this , but it can go beyond that by designing and sharing prisons that are extremely hard to break through . 
  a shitton of guards and dog patrols , remote doors , tight schedule , contraband behind dog & metal detector checkpoints , armory protected by armed guards , outdoors that is protected by armed patrols & is on slow sand . . you would either need a massive crew that 's upgraded or figure something really creative . 
  and one can also build plenty of land around the prison so that you would have to run a big distance . 
  these should be also covered by armed & dog patrols so your so you would get wrecked if you pop up & dogs have a good chance at spotting you if you build a big one . 
  not building a workshop is also always an option , too . 
  you ca n't get the picks from a cleaning closet , can you ? 
  not sure how ai will react to your tunnels tho in the in\u00edtial , but at least with a bit tweaking the gamemode should be pretty good . 
  ye i agree with the latter point . 
  you really would have to sit around and wait the guards to make a switch so you could get the item . 
  full list is in your . . armory . 
  it 's the individual units that matter . 
  actually what skylord said is n't true . 
  it 's the west-germany that has the god-tier spam unit : j\u00e4ger . 
  you get mg3 which is the machine gun in the game , and only for 10 points !, 
  north korean line infantry on the other hand , are quite bad when compared to their german brethen . 
  their marines and special forces are great though as they come with ak-74u carbines . . and in this game having carbines is a big big bonus ( which blufor do n't get many ) . 
  roughly a half of the units in countries are bad/useless , so you need to learn which units are `` meta '' and which are not . 
  there 's a big list of it , and the armory should give you the general idea . 
  however , if you truly want to get in-depth with this you need to learn the hidden spreadsheet . 
  that is of course after you have learned the ropes . 
  well the answer is not that simple unfortunately . 
  all coalitions are good and even very good in certain roles while being worse or even bad in the others . 
  there 's no simple `` this country 's strengths are tanks while that other is specialized in infantry . '', 
  i would say that strength of the faction comes from its ability to perform alone - the less weaknesses it has the better it is . 
  following this logic ussr is the best faction in the game . 
  it simply does n't have any major weaknesses , and in certain roles it 's by far the best coalition in the game . 
  eurocorps is a good second tho as german infantry is really really solid , and its line-up includes some other superb units like marder 2 infantry transport . 
  certain tabs are also important - you can make without any good long-range aa , but playing without solid infantry is a lot harder . 
  eurocorps is also a noob-friendly coalition and i recommend starting with that . 
  learning to play with redfor is also highly advised since you will learn many units that are not made famous by pop culture/mainstream media . 
  you surely do know what rangers means , but do you know what morskaya pekhota is ? 
  or m1a1 abrams , but 93kk osa-ak might be something more unfamiliar for you . 
  as redfor you should have at least * some * idea what you are up against . 
  bottom line here is that it takes a lot of time before you can consider yourself being decent . 
  morskaya pekhota and vdv carry pkm . 
  2625m 60 % vs 2450m 70 % . 
  that is pretty fair match-up . 
  exceptional optics spot one at 3800m it wo n't give that big of an edge tbh . 
  uhm . . you need to hold clutch down when changing gears ? 
  ah , he said sequential , not h-shifter . 
  my bad . 
  blufor general is n't that suited for 10vs10 , prototypes are extremely useful in big games . 
  on top of what u/aeweisafemalesheep said , you should remove fusiliers ' 90 . 
  warrior just is n't worth it in any form , it 's just that bad . 
  your gurkhas already have the law-80 as well . 
  gevaermenn '90 in nm135 is good against infantry targets or bring a solid strf-9040 - atgm 's or line inf with at4 ? 
  perhaps both ? 
  you decide . 
  you already have manpads in your inf tab ( two actually , remove either of them ) , so you can remove avenger . 
  it 's pretty much the same role really . 
  a spaag , as suggested , would work pretty decently in synergy with other aa pieces . 
  consider two cards of kyu maru shikis . 
  in big games 4 superheavies could be really helpful , unless you 're playing tactical or so . 
  panserbils + hachi nana shikis are very solid rape force , i highly recommend that combo . 
  you can also remove the recon cobra and ah-1j - i find the autocannon much more useful than the grenade launcher . 
  if you want 2x elite asf 's then you should go with danish block 15 . 
  better missiles and a better gun for the same price . 
  f-111c is also pretty fun for cheesing openers , albeit that is countered easily by pd spam . 
  harrier gr-7 with its superb laser bombs is also a worthy choice for sniping those pesky tanks . 
  rally 101 : if you want slow down on gravel , slide . 
  if driving on asphalt , brake . 
  they are pretty similar tho , short-range missiles with good accuracy . 
  sure , the fire-rate is n't exactly on-par with avengers , but a pair of mistrals can be brutal against a passing plane . 
  hence i do n't think it 's worth the support slot ( or manpads to inf slot ) , but each for his own . 
  and on big games your manpads/avengers should n't be the only units defending your airspace obviously . 
  a large network composing of spaags for stunning/bringing morale down and a different variety of missiles to finish off the job does the trick . 
  the general deck is certainly better .
