  and the autocannon transport is just a steal . 
  i think it 's a combination with really good value but i 've been experimenting with stormer instead , the shock variant with carl gustav . 
  really not sure which i should include tho . 
  i guess i could either remove one of my trucks and replace the other with 20pt variant , and then add something to the vehicle tab or just go with crotale . 
  the flamethrower is quite situational but goddamn it 's an useful vehicle in the right moments . 
  hmm . 
  ye fjb-40 is just trash , no need to utilize them . 
  however , i think you should put your lstr on wheels , as these units will be working in synergy with the likes of komandosi and formoza , since these units have the best rpg in the game by far and a decent manpad , and if it 's deployed with mi-24d then you may not always effectively reinforce your frontline with these things . 
  your czech recon sf should be sufficient enough for harassing with mi-24d . 
  i have repeated about this over and over again - it is one of the best infantry units in the game . 
  maybe not yuckjeondae ' 90-level with a superb carbine , but this unit comes up with a nasty surprise . 
  for 20 points only you get a unit with a machine gun that deals only a tenth less damage in comparison to mg3 , but 4 times the suppression . 
  this makes it very efficient against line/shock , and great synergy with some other units as it can deal some nasty suppression damage . 
  for city fights you want to pair this unit with gurkhas and/or pioneers . 
  now , of course , ca '90 is also an option if you want that 875m rocket launcher , but seeing how you should run with eryx in your deck i do n't think that 's a necessity . 
  it really did feel like an alternative reality . 
  in the rollercoaster demo i did get butterflies in the stomach , just like in the real thing . 
  i mean , it was n't perfect . 
  the resolution was just so bad that it felt you 're underwater , and the screendoor effect was highly noticeable too . 
  then the fov was quite bad too , it was like a helmet that limited my vision . 
  even though the technology is there , it is still taking its baby steps . 
  the effects are real though - 3d was like `` eh , this is pretty good , i guess '' , but dk1 did blow my mind . 
  i guess some people expected it to be perfect like you were literally in real life with no problems or what-so-ever . 
  even cv1 wo n't be like that . 
  [ and here 's motostrelki squad in action ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwoackikmg4 ), 
  why on earth would somebody just `` test '' something meaningless that could jeopardize their whole career ( which it did eventually ) ? 
  no sane person would do that just for the sake of lulz . 
  i was talking about sane people . 
  did n't moe get banned by esea or something ? 
  and if i recall correctly , he has lost thousands of dollars worth of skin in gambling . 
  if kqly was indeed that stupid too then i dunno . . could 've just cheated with his alt . 
  he 's not that bad . . tho moment you get deadly legendaries is when things get messy . 
  the reason why you play bd is that you get a shitton of grenade launchers that will rip infantry apart . 
  going mechanized means that you lose the wheeled wapc . 
  sure , you have a grenade launcher on your tracked transport but you get shit infantry with it and wapc is a lot faster & has a better grenade launcher . 
  that and bd has some of the best infrared aa pieces in the game - short arrow and closed arrow . 
  you lose these too when you go mech . 
  some other nice units are lost too like the oh-1 ninja , an anti-air helicopter with good stealth . 
  so i do n't think bd mech is the way to go . 
  you can go either motorized that grants you loads of infantry and recon units too , or go general which retains all bd goodies , namely 4x superheavy tanks ( kyu-maru shiki ) and k1 's , one of the best medium tanks in the game . 
  going latter is prob . 
  better in 10vs10 . 
  ** worried **, 
  cassiopee is good because the gun in it is insanely good for its price . 
  perfect for insta-gibbing jeep cv 's and other soft targets . 
  other gun-only helicopters are decent but nothing too fancy . 
  going with a cheap gunship is the better option in most cases . 
  rocket pods makes the gunship a lot better against soft targets while not becoming that much more expensive . 
  cheap atgm 's in them are useful too , they can stop that lonely transport going to your spawn for example . 
  eh , they 're not that expensive . 
  sk ah-1j and slightly worse us ah-1s rip soft stuff apart . 
  there 's no atgm but the benefit of the rocket pods are noticeable . 
  then there 's like 60-point cobra for us which comes with tow-1 . 
  my sincerest apologies for potato quality , i just suck with the camera & did n't figure the quality was that bad . 
  so anyway , during my visit to the capital i went to an electronic store , and there was an advert that mentioned that there 's mig-21 on the rooftop . 
  figured that i 'd obviously would have to see it , and there it was , the real thing . 
  as you can see from the insignia , this plane was used by finnish air force . 
  obviously it is now an obsolete plane which has been retired , but back in 1963 when finland acquired it the plane was a beast . 
  it was only 4 years after ussr took it into service , and earlier than the members of warsaw pact !, 
  there are couple reasons why finland got this plane . 
  first off , finland refused to buy older mig-19 's , so ussr made a better offer . 
  second , [ finno-soviet treaty of 1948 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-soviet_treaty_of_1948 ) required that finland would have to have a solid defense forces , which would defend the countries if it was invaded . 
  having advanced planes for that was pretty much a necessity . 
  [ note crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/note_crisis ) also had an effect on the matter . 
  simply put : finland refused to take military assistance from ussr during berlin wall crisis . 
  ussr offered help because the treaty of 1948 makes ussr to give discretionary military assistance if a war is imminent . 
  finland would 've lost its reputation as a non-aligned nation had it accepted the help , so instead of that it promised to buy weapons from ussr . 
  hope this cleared the air . 
  vdv flektarn is also pretty nice . 
  now , if it came with a blue beret . . 
  so i posted this originally in / r/wargame , figured you guys would want to see it . 
  my sincerest apologies for potato quality , i just suck with the camera & did n't figure the quality was that bad . 
  so anyway , during my visit to the capital i went to an electronic store , and there was an advert that mentioned that there 's a mig-21 on the rooftop . 
  figured that i 'd obviously would have to see it , so i went there and there it was , the real thing . 
  as you can see from the insignia , this plane was used by finnish air force . 
  obviously it is now an obsolete plane which has been retired , but back in 1963 when finland acquired it the plane was a beast . 
  it was only 4 years after ussr took it into service , and earlier than the members of warsaw pact !, 
  there are couple reasons why finland got this plane . 
  first off , finland refused to buy older mig-19 's , so ussr made a better offer . 
  second , [ finno-soviet treaty of 1948 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-soviet_treaty_of_1948 ) required that finland would have to have a solid defense forces , which would defend the country if it was invaded . 
  having advanced planes for that was pretty much a necessity . 
  [ note crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/note_crisis ) also had an effect on the matter . 
  simply put : finland refused to take military assistance from ussr during berlin wall crisis . 
  ussr offered help because the treaty of 1948 makes ussr to give discretionary military assistance if a war was imminent . 
  finland would 've lost its reputation as a non-aligned nation had it accepted the help , so instead of that it promised to buy weapons from ussr . 
  hopefully this cleared the air . 
  [ oh and here 's the album for the rest of the pics that i took . 
  yes , rushing mecs is very important . 
  these units will be extremely useful at taking punishment early on . 
  taking losses is n't necessarily that bad , i 've lost like 20 troops and 3 battles and still won the game . 
  squad wipes are very bad and often makes you lose the game . 
  the rule of thumb for classic ironman is this : low cover is terrible , high cover is better , hunkered down is even butter but being out of sight is the best cover , especially when going against enemies with explosives . 
  taking low percentage shots against opponents in cover is n't viable because you do not get +10 % accuracy buff every time you miss a shot like you do in normal , so you explosives to blow their covers and kill them !, 
  flanking is also highly recommended but do n't extend too much as you might trigger additional pods . 
  first month is hard , second month is very hard , third month is bit easier and after the 4th month you have basically won the game ( unless you have somehow fucked up research somehow , in my first normal playthrough i fought against sectopods with light plasma rifles and no body armor ) . 
  heavies and snipers are extremely useful early on . 
  as the game progresses the heavies become more redundant and assault takes their role as the prime class . 
  supports are the least useful class as their assault rifle deals the least damage . 
  so that 's pretty much it .
