  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uovb8er.jpg ) it was a bloody pain in the past when i built premium canteen for well-behaving inmates , some which live indoors . 
  ye i was thinking that you were buying on pc as it 's on sale in origin atm . 
  my bad . 
  of course you will get somewhat biased answer as people on this answer are active players & do like the game . 
  but i can tell you that the game is in much better condition than it used to be , and we 're still receiving free content after all these months . 
  and as you are coming from call of duty you should n't have too much of a problem finding a comfort zone . 
  sure , you need to learn few things here and there but these games are n't different as day and night ( even though some people do believe in that ) . 
  people are still playing this turd ? 
  do yourself a favor and get dirt rally . 
  it is so much better . 
  [ this reminds me about certain scene from oz . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iau9iekdt_m ), 
  so what 's wrong with it now ? 
  well , five years ago it did have good graphics , i 'll give you that . 
  and the driving itself was n't horrendeous after all . 
  but there were issues with the game . 
  first off , the lack of focus on rally itself was just bollocks . 
  all that gymkhana dogshit . . most people from th\u00eds sub just hated that . 
  the development could 've been used to develop more rally ( or rallycross/hillclimbing , even tho i personally are n't a biggest fan of these ) . 
  second , the fact that it 's arcade is the second issue . 
  sure , if you like the arcadiness then that 's okay , not going to argue with your taste . 
  however , rally is one of those genres that really shines when the game is realistic . 
  the driving on narrow roads while doing your best to maintain your vehicle in control is a big , big challenge . 
  in comparison to dirt 3 physics , you simply ca n't go full throttle in most cases with your car . 
  that and you need to learn how to manage the weight of your car , learn real-life driving techniques such as scandinavian flick , know how to control 4wd/rwd/fwd as these behave quite differently . 
  the game offers you a big challenge and if you 're using a wheel then the driving experience is superb . 
  the developers took part in real rally and acquired some vital experience , and it shows . 
  not only the driving is amazing but the other aspects of the game are designed for rally too : maps are not `` race tracks '' anymore designed for fast driving , they happen to be regular roads in which you have to drive fast . 
  pacenotes are a major part of rally as well , and they 've done it really well too . 
  as mentioned , if you like arcade then that 's okay . 
  but you need to understand that most rally fans arguably like their game to be realistic . 
  that and dirt rally is the first proper rally sim since . . what , richard burns rally from 2003 ? 
  the market has been flooded with arcade games , and as this sub was created specifically created for dirt rally , it 's no wonder why people downvote a game that they dislike . 
  ontos is such an interesting creature . 
  they do like living alone but when hunting together they can even take the biggest beasts , like the t-72bu . 
  unfortunately they get exhausted quite quickly . 
  as a classic player where spamming spot key does n't give you a dorito and stealth is actually viable , laser sight often gives your position away . 
  that way i can preaim your position or simply just wait you to pass by . 
  i guess it is good against flir but eh , i use canted sights because of that , and it 's not that hard to aim at a target when blinded . 
  on the matter of stealth , noise is by far the biggest reason why i spot you . 
  it seems that most people have an urge to hold the sprint key down at all times , which gives away your position . 
  listen to your environment , start walking more , do n't throw your utilities or spot enemies on all occasions when you are sneaking to enemy positions . 
  now of course this is practically impossible due to 3d spotting , but it 's still something worth considering . 
  i hope this replaces wonsan turd from the ranked map pool . 
  we would get the real stalin 's organ . 
  please god no , burrito is bad enough already . 
  ye the tutorial sucks , especially since there 's a big learning cliff . 
  you definitely should start from there , learn basic controls and other essential stuff from single player . 
  learning the statistics of all units is a major part of the learning process , so studying and comparing different units & knowing what they mean is very important for a noob - you need to know which unit can kill what unit . 
  nonetheless your ass will be handed to you numerous times before you can consider yourself being a decent player . 
  that 's just how it is unfortunately and it takes certain type of mentality to enjoy that . 
  you 're welcome to ask questions here tho , and play in reddit teamspeak server if you wish to do so !, 
  scandinavia got some hefty buffs with a new batch of units , and it 's arguably the 3rd best blufor coalition atm . 
  it could fit your playstyle even if you mech , but i think the mech eurocorps is just slightly better than the scandi one . 
  redfor machineguns got some nice buffs , making redfor shock & elites very good . 
  line inf still sucks donkey balls tho . 
  there 's also some other new units like b-5 with their massive 3000kg bomb and vickers mk .11 - a wheeled aussie tank destroyer . 
  meta-wise ussr is the best coalition ( on red side at least ) , and they got a very neat buff with the introduction of grenade-launcher btr-90 . 
  you will learn to love/fear them . 
  you can also go sovkor , which is also viable if you want yuckjeondae ' 90 's , extra t-90 's and most importantly b-5 's . 
  then there 's norad with canada plucking the weaknesses of usa very well . 
  scandis , as mentioned are very good and eurocorps is still very solid . 
  red dragons also works really well on small games and generally speaking all coalitions are viable , expect commonwealth maybe falls just a bit short . 
  landjut is just shite , though , as denmark has very little to offer for germany . 
  well on teams games , sure , but i think that scandi moto is n't that great for 1vs1 as they lack in at power and autocannons for example ( albeit the latter issue is alleviated by panserbils ) . 
  but they do have some really nice units that i use in my 1vs1 blufor moto deck . 
  well i do think that it 's bad in a sense that it has very little to offer . 
  infantry tab is pretty much the same expect worse transports & fkp is no match against terminators . 
  the 70pt leopard is alright but not a game-changer , the recon tab does n't offer anything special , no gunships/decent aa helis and plane tab does n't bring that much value either - mlu 's are n't great vs superheavies with only 26ap . 
  otomatic + hawk are pretty much the only game-changers added to the deck , but frenchies bring the extremely solid crotale to the table . 
  regarding airtab the french units are arguably better - there 's rafale for top-end asf , super etendard for killing tanks and a cheap sead , which is pretty much a must . 
  oh and there 's mirage 111c if you want that sweet sweet napalm . 
  edit : changing flair, 
  please , do n't treat capping flags and killing as a separate entity . 
  if you manage to acquire plenty of kills does n't necessarily mean that you are necessarily a camper whose picking up kills far away . 
  for example , if you 're in a 1vs4 situation * at flag it 's highly doable , depending on how skilled you are vs the skill of your opponents . 
  it 's all about positioning yourself , peeking in a way that you can fight them one by one , having a weapon that deals very high dps up close and then relying on your aim . 
  now , if you are n't that great at fragging then it 's good that you play the objective instead of camping & getting kills , but please do n't treat playing objective & fragging as they were impossible to achieve at the same time . 
  after throwing the missiles he will guide them with his wisdom , and the missiles will follow the orders of our benevolent leader . 
  ussr has expensive transports but they 're so bloody good . 
  you need to abuse the shit out btr-90 's - they can stun and kill infantry squads before they get a chance to shoot back . 
  have at least one btr-90 with gru 's and one with maybe morskaya pekhota '90s . 
  bmp 's / bmd 's are generally speaking bad as they 're tracked , have worse autocannons than btr-90 and they lack the grenade launchers . 
  most atgm 's come with less than 50 % accuracy and low ap , so they 're not worth it . 
  bmp-1d / btr-t is worth considering , though . 
  then there 's the mtv with its 4he rocket pods . 
  it 's so good against everything , and it can even stun/kill tanks . 
  bring vdv 90 's or gorno '90s in them , depending if you want defensive atgm or regular shock inf with a godlike rpg . 
  btr-d is your bread and butter-transport . 
  for 5 points you get some very nice fire support with the quad pkt . 
  a card of vdv '90 goes really well in them as your basic infantry , but you can also deploy spetsnaz in them if you do n't desire to pay 15pt premium for a fast btr-80 . 
  do n't forget the mi-24d too . 
  great for openers with gru 's , expect maybe not for 3vs3 . 
  i 'm not really familiar with that setting so i dunno if it would work that well . 
  germany already gets marder 1 's and 2 , so i do n't think that any additional tracked autocannons are a necessity . 
  france does bring the vab , which is the only wheeled blufor autocannon transport . 
  they work very well with luchs autocannon recons . 
  frenchies also get a wheeled tank with 2100m 50 % acc 16ap gun , which is very nice at bashing wheeled transports . 
  it 's very good for motorized openers , and i use that and leo1a5 in my blufor moto deck . 
  there 's also a trashier variant in the vehicle tab if you do n't want to use a tank slot .
