  [ you can also go and ask their opinion on the matter . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wargame/comments/3m1z6j/btr_90_too_stronk/cvb9thl ), 
  the ranked community in wargame is small , but if you were part of it you would know how good the ussr is . 
  i dare you to watch some high-level ranked gameplay , like patton or firestarter . 
  it is guaranteed that nearly all well-ranked opponents are using ussr . 
  many people take mg3 line inf , because they can deal so much damage for a dirt cheap price . 
  then there 's line inf taken because of their transports . 
  pansarskyttes , canadian rifles . . these come up with some nice ifv 's . 
  rpg 's are also a reason too take them , as they take can deal damage for a solid price . 
  fusiliers '90 is the prime example of this , but many line inf come up with carl gustav or at4 , and for 15 points it 's not bad . 
  oh and they 're used for scouting purposes too . 
  it 's 10hp for only 10 points , and you can get a lot of intel with such a thing . 
  reservists are also used for this ( which is also their sole role among taking punishent lel ) . 
  did n't expect a response to a one-month comment . 
  alrighty then . 
  the reason why i kept mentioning that your recommendations were trash because they were mostly bad . 
  i do appreciate that you want to help other players but there were simply so many broken points about them . 
  most of your recommendations were wrong nor do highly ranked players use them either . 
  the 5 % accuracy on ty-90 - it does matter on missiles . 
  if you take it downvetted you leave extra room for rng , even if the intervals between missiles are 2 seconds . 
  and in most situations you do n't need that 5th ty-90 , but if you 're playing tactical 10vs10 and winning air opening is crucial then maybe i 'd see why would you want that extra unit . 
  pgz-88 is not a bad unit , that i can agree with . 
  but the thing is that shilka does about twice the damage than pgz-88 , meaning that it 's a better counter against full-100 % helo rushes , or assaulting helos in general . 
  i do admit that the 7 armor and range is a good bonus , but the lack of sead and ~ twice the dps makes me appreciate shilka more . 
  `` how often people play red vs red '' - well , it happens all the time in ranked as ussr/sovkor is the best faction in the game while eurocorps/red dragons come second . 
  and in those games buying a shitton of mi-25 's to cheese your way to victory is a relatively common phenomenon , and it even works against top-tier players . 
  you need to have plenty of aa to stop one , and if you prepare against such thing then your standard pushing force will be weak . 
  shilkas are good as you can deploy these for a cheap price and they are very efficient at ripping the helis apart , and they are also immune to ka-52 . 
  bm-24 is not `` not as good as burrito '' , it is terrible . 
  aim time is 30 seconds , the rockets deal zero damage , only flame damage is applied and the density is not even good enough to force infantry out of their buildings . 
  [ this is what happened after i fired a bm-24 salvo . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ptmr4 ) maybe if you fired two or three of them you could force infantry out but even they 'd cause little to no panic/damage . 
  and yes , two cards of yuckjeondae ' 90 's is quite crucial . 
  their elite carbines deal up to 0,94 he/s , and their 23ap rocket is one of the only ways to deal with heavy armor in rd moto . 
  let 's say that you have lost all of your yuckjeondaes - how are you going to deal with bmp-t 's and other heavily armored vehicles ? 
  14-16ap have limited capabilities . . 
  and then lie rens are better option because a : if used in openers , they can detect the content of enemy column , giving you a chance to deploy counters and even delay the column . 
  b : it 's better for infiltrating because the very good optics allows you to see deployed units , and the ap is better for sniping units ( which are usually protected vs decent players btw , making the snipe practically impossible ) . 
  also , if playing on smaller maps and enemy has a couple long-range ir aa , deploying li jian '90s will be slower and more expensive than if deployed on wheeled transports . 
  this can cost you the game on maps with plenty of city blocks . 
  and fagot is bad , that is a fact . 
  the 16ap will have little to no effect on stopping enemy tanks - it can ohk only up to 2 armor . 
  tanke shashous on the other hand , is a solid unit for stopping enemy pushes because they can attack infantry and the enemy ca n't dodge the projectile . 
  then there 's also the matter that an extra atgm is another wasted infantry slot - you do need that quantity of them in most gamemodes . 
  and i do n't understand why you think wz-551 is bad - it 's only 5 points extra , there 's plenty of spots to hide in it in many maps and it does n't reduce the quanity of tanke shashous . 
  they are extremely useful in many cases . 
  i have never ever ever seen any decent player using hot 's . 
  40 % accuracy and 22ap ? 
  a bad combination , it can only ohk up to 11 armor and do 5 + damage up to 17 . 
  it 's not a threat and can be easily shot down by aa pieces . 
  the mi-25 on the other hand , is a solid at taking down light targets , and the minigun + armor is very useful above forests against infantry - in these situations aa ca n't reach these , small arms do barely any damage against it and the minigun does melt them away . 
  i have used it and seen it used effectively . 
  it is n't effective at taking down tanks but nor is n't hot or the z-9 atgm helo . 
  and jh-7 is very efficient planes as it forces the enemy to spend on aa . 
  in ranked it 's very brutal , infantry will have a hard dodging it outside of towns . 
  single aa pieces ( expect maybe tunguska ) ca n't take these things down reliably , and its fast rearming time lets you keep hammering the enemy with these . 
  once he has built his aa net you know he has less units on the ground and allows you to make a play . 
  160pt sead is bad because a : it 's expensive b : it has very long rearming time + repairing takes ages and c : a sead alone does n't make you immune vs aa , so spending a hefty amount of points for such things is n't recommended in small games . 
  if you need a sead to make sure that your bombers have chance of surviving , you should stop using planes and smash his weak ground troops as he has invested so much on aa . 
  and if you start spamming sead and other planes then your opponent knows you have nothing on the ground , and will take your zones . 
  of course , if you play big games which allows players to spend a lot points to aa then it 's smart to buy sead , but rd is not a faction suited for big games to begin with . 
  rd moto especially simply does n't have many effective tools to stop enemy superheavies and other heavy targets . 
  also as a side not i 've stopped using sead in my rd decks - i barely used them at all so i figured it 's 5 activations points wasted . 
  and you are also incorrect about q-5d , it is very effective at taking down heavy armor . 
  it 's not that easy to dodge , especially if the user knows how to aim it . 
  i suck with it though , so i use the su-25k as well , which is a nice unit . 
  and i do admit that the video was quite bad example , sorry about that . 
  however , it just points out how ineffective sa missiles are , and spending 150 points in them just is n't recommended . 
  if you take one at elite ( so that its missiles have better chance to hit ) then maybe , just maybe , but taking a pair of cheaper elite planes is a better option in smaller games - more hp , more missiles , very good chances to hit their target . 
  to conclude , i think you have designed your moto deck with the wrong principles in mind . 
  ranked , or 1vs1/2vs2 conquest is the gamemode where you should be playing these - it 's all about cost-efficient , expendable units in which red dragons shine . 
  your deck simply lacks many strengths of the faction - shitton of infantry and cheap , but very good units . 
  i recommend watching firestarter , as his main faction is rd moto and he knows his shit . 
  well we really ca n't blame him either , same op ussr in the same bloody maps . 
  bmp-3 's are n't a must-have as they have many cons . 
  they are tracked , they have the same autocannon as in btr-80a / btr-90 , their 3he cannon is quite useless , and they come up with motostrelkis - they have the worst machine gun in the game , and i find their 24ap rocket redundant since vdv '90s have superior accuracy & range . 
  of course , the arkan atgm is quite solid since it 's very fast , but i find the whole package for 35 points too expensive . 
  what you just said did n't make any sense . 
  you do realize that bmp 's and bmd 's are a completely different ifv lineup ? 
  bmp 's are your regular ifv 's and bmd 's are designed for airborne units , and because of that bmp 's are available for standard line infantry while bmd 's are for airborne troops . 
  oh and bmd 's are quite bad tbh . 
  their autocannons are not on-par with the one found on bmp-3 and btr-80a / 90 . 
  the atgm is n't that great either . 
  overall the unit itself is not bad but there are superior options available for you in the ussr arsenal . 
  okay , they are on ussr airborne which is a bonus i guess , but you should n't be playing airborne unless you are playing 3vs3 + and you absolutely know what you are doing . 
  deltas are n't that bad as people claim them to be . 
  sure , the mg sucks balls and law is a joke , but you still get elite smg which deals up to 0,94 he in close quarters . 
  it 's probably not enough to halt spetsnaz spam but your options against such things are few and far between . 
  i think alien defectors is the secret 5th class in xcom 2 since they 've been really hush hush about it . 
  xcom figures a way to release aliens from ethereal mind control , and these enslaved captives will join the xcom and return the favour for ethereals . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's still worse than mig-27 . 
  you can start by [ reading hidden stats sheet . 
  ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b3-e_fmjlmwxohlqtfvhujf4x2m/view ) open it with google spreadsheet or some shit . 
  learn these statistics : machine gun dps 's are very important , and their suppression values as well . 
  figure how much primary weapons do at each range : as you can see , smg 's and carbines are pretty much superior weaponry , especially when they 're elite . 
  considering that amos is from 2007 , i do n't think this is too bad of a idea , especially since it would buff hilariously underpowered faction ( and arguably the worst coalition ) , but not by too much . 
  and if cold war would have continued hot then australia probably would had acquired the tanks earlier . 
  3d spotting was one of the biggest reasons on why i disliked bf3 , and i am glad that dice reverted this change in bf4 . 
  now , only if they 'd nerf the flir too , which is imo just way too powerful tool for spotting enemies - when you do n't have doritos above enemies ' heads the white , distinctive glow will do just fine .
