  if you are patient , i 'll try to screenshot that later , while doing my me3 walkthrough . 
  very disturbing . . still ca n't stop watching . . 
  here you go , 1600x900 resolution, 
  if you have 1920x1080 screen and think quality is shit , it 's shit too in this resolution, 
  enjoy , 
  why i never though about this . . 
  i do n't know what that achievement is , but if you sell legion , you will make the biggest mistake in the whole series . 
  i assume it 's your first walkthrough . 
  well , then i see no problem selling legion . 
  i think you will get achievement , because you can get it without kasumi & zaeed , not 100 % sure, 
  yeah , they can be somewhat useful , but lets compare turian soldier vs turian sentinel for example . 
  - i 'd take massive damage protection over increased fire-rate & reload speed in any case . 
  - concussive shot & prox . 
  mines can detonate tech , cryo and fire , but overload can do all of this too . 
  also , overload has ability to be a source of tech detonations . 
  overload can also chain-react other targets . 
  - turian sentinel has also warp , which can detonate tech , fire and biotic , and can also be biotic source . 
  so what i 'm trying to say here ? 
  soldiers can be somewhat useful , but abilities are much better with other classes . 
  sure , sometimes it 's just fun to grab batarian soldier , max out everything expect inferno grenades , give a solid shotgun , and just go do some melee/rambo, 
  some people just go do some weird stuff :, 
  i was thinking about new wallpaper , and the current one i 'm using is months used . 
  you sir , you made my day, 
  i have to disagree with you . 
  many people have talked about garrus on omega dlc would be epic , and that 's true . 
  maybe not dlc , but a stand-alone download only game with game mechanics copy-pasted from me3 . 
  i would pay 20 bucks for that , even if it was like 5 hours, 
  tali , garrus , liara and wrex . 
  ca n't choose between one of them . 
  maybe tali . 
  i do n't know . 
  battlefield 2 . 
  once you get used to game mechanics , you will soon find out it 's the best shooter ever made . 
  it 's not weird at all !, 
  some people need advice , you know , shitting . 
  well . . 
  i feel stupid now, 
  so you take drugs every day ? 
  james is quite cool , especially on femshep . 
  he is so pervert to femshep . 
  for example , he stares femsheps tits :, 
  my least favourite was ashley & kaidan , but especially ashley . 
  so racist and mean . 
  kaidan is just boring . 
  so , they find a alien technology , and you already named the species who made it ? 
  i love when people ca n't see my sarcastic point, 
  one thing mass effect has taught me in every situation : how to live your life . 
  in this example , you must enjoy every moment you have with your friends , family and everyone you care . 
  you might not talk to someone for years , and then one day you ca n't anymore . 
  then you might think , `` i wish we had more time '' . 
  i 'm 90 % sure that i 've seen garrus rolling in this series , so they 'll probably add it to this dlc too, 
  i think krogan are japanese . 
  when they got technology , they first crushed, 
  rachni ( china ) . 
  then , they started their conquest around the galaxy ( pacific ) . 
  then , the whole galaxy ( allies , mainly usa ) started to retake their territory from krogan ( japanese ) . 
  krogan breeded quickly and were very powerful ( japanese fighted to last man , used effective suicide tactics ) , so allies knew they had radical ways . 
  they released genophage ( used nuclear bombs ) to stop krogan ( japanese ) , and do n't allow krogan ( japanese ) to make warships ( have effective military ), 
  the peace lasts before me3 ( for now ), 
  i hated overlord . 
  i do n't know , it was just boring driving . 
  this is just my opinion . 
  i recommend buying arrival and zaeed . 
  zaeed is just one badass . 
  more badass than most of the krogan, 
  or maybe everybody knew he was not samara , but they did n't wantsecond-guess shepard 's choices , because then shepard knows that squad member is n't loyal , and they 're feared . 
  but this is only logical with renegade shep . 
  also , this squad member might think he 's only one who knows she is n't samara . 
  get every one of them , expect firefight weapon package , which cost 2 dollars , but you just get extra weapons . 
  every dlc is free , expect from ashes , where you get [ prothean squad member ] ( / spoiler `` me3 '' ) \u00a8, 
  if you can wait little bit longer , new dlc will be released soon , where you will search for something , that can destroy a reaper . 
  how about deathmatch with current factions ? 
  always 1 team vs 1 team , like cerberus vs reapers . 
  players will spawn with small units first , but after every round players will spawn with bigger enemies . 
  lucky ones will spawn with atlases & phantoms , not so lucky ones . . you know , hornets . 
  this game-mode would also make sense . 
  geth have finally released from reaper control , so they are allies , reapers are reapers and cerberus is n't friendly for both of them . 
  every player will spawn with class-specific weapons . 
  geth hunters get plasma shotgun with cloak , brutes can normal melee , and the charge attack would be heavy melee , similar to krogan heavy melee . 
  everyone has driven atlas , so nothing new with it . 
  and winner team ? 
  small credit bonus , nothing special . 
  it would be then too easy to credit farm with 2 computers, 
  200,000 bronze missions ?? 
  damn , i think not so many people play bronze . . 
  there should be like 20,000 platinum extractions or something . . to make it challenge in challenging way, 
  any kit/class, 
  that should be sociopathic enough . 
  but what does it matter ? 
  reapers are destroying earth , and you are worried about standards ? 
  reapers would never touch australia , you must be as dumb as wreav to go there, 
  why ? 
  those guys look like xem masters from half-life, 
  scorpion is a gun for adept , really good for finishing small targets or shooting bigger targets while biotics recharge . 
  i almost never play platinum but because it works on gold , it should be good too in platinum, 
  i love this song , maybe the best combat song in the whole mass effect series !, 
  i wish they used it more :(, 
  no comment on that , not so familiar with demolisher . 
  i tried it once but did n't feel comfortable with it . 
  but sure , when you run out of grenades , use mini-grenades !,
