  rocket volley is a one-time use , massive strike on a large area . 
  you will be extremely lucky if you manage to survive that . 
  force respawn is good if you need quickly men to the frontlines , and cancel artillery is good if you accidentally ordered a strike to a friendly position . 
  but the most important part of this system is that ** squad leaders must mark strike spots . 
  ** this is done with binoculars . 
  just aim your target and mark it . 
  there can not be done any strikes if artillery marks have n't been marked . 
  this forces players to do teamwork . 
  yes , commander can also place a mark by himself but he puts himself to a risk then . 
  how can this be implemented to battlefield 4 ? 
  well , we already have a tool for this : soflam . 
  if you want a tomahawk strike , then someone must designate the target first . 
  okay , tomahawks are n't guided with soflam irl , but in bf other details are n't so accurate either : rpg-7 guided with a dart . . haha . 
  also , there are other laser-guided strikes irl that should be implemented in the game . 
  these changes would make the commander powers less spammable , because they would require more teamwork . 
  the current solution , flag-specific powers in my opinion is n't really good , expect maybe for ac-130 . 
  but i am not sure either if ac-130 was a good idea at all . 
  one thing i also like about red orchestra 2 is that there are class limits . 
  most of the people get a bolt-action rifle with iron sights as a primary . 
  it 's very effective weapon if you learn to use it , but you can get yourself in trouble at close-quarters against an smg . 
  you have other classes such as assault which have smgs , machine gunners , anti-tank soldiers , flame-throwers , engineers , squad leaders , snipers , elite rifleman ( semi-auto rifle ) and a commander . 
  there are usually only 2-4 available slots per role . 
  also , not all roles are not available on each map , or even not on each army . 
  squad leader is a special role . 
  he is a mobile spawn point for his squad , he has smoke grenades which are extremely important on offensive push . 
  he can also mark those artillery marks as i mentioned before . 
  japanese squad leaders also get katanas . 
  now how these could be implemented to battlefield 4 ? 
  restricting classes might be too much , but some certain weapons should be powerful , but limited . 
  stinger for example should be one of these . 
  why should everybody have a direct counter against aircraft ? 
  because everybody can use them , they have been re-balanced all the time in bf3 . 
  before the patch they were weak as hell , but after that they were overpowered and after that they got nerfed again . 
  it 's a vicious cycle of omgplznerf circle-jerk , and making these things restricted could solve the problem . 
  i would also like to see sniper class being powerful but only like 2-4 snipers per team . 
  many people disagree with this , so it might better that it would be untouched . 
  squad leaders in other hand , should be given special roles . 
  yes , they are the only spawn point ( or are they ? 
  i ca n't remember if this is confirmed ) , but that is not enough . 
  remember that soflam thing that i was talking about ? 
  squad leaders should have exclusive access to this . 
  smoke should be squad leader exclusive too , but since people underestimate it and rarely use it , i do not think that is not necessary . 
  so , leave your comments below , i am ready to take any kinda of criticism . 
  since we got -5 % science modifier for each city , what happens when you get 20 cities ? 
  -100 % science modifier ? 
  that would stop techs completely , unless you get free techs from buildings or rationalism finisher . 
  another question : if you decide to puppet/annex captured city , does the -5 % modifier stay if you raze it later ? 
  that was the case with social policies . 
  enjoy it lads !, 
  i definitely will . 
  first of all , how do i change my trade route ? 
  i have clicked everywhere , checked every `` unit status '' list , clicked the trading list icon above . . nothing seems to work . 
  even if they are inside my city i ca n't change my trade route . 
  second , spreading religion . . [ take a look at this picture . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lg3mvuo.jpg ) i am trading with surabaya , but my confucianism is n't extra pressure from trade route , while venice christianity is getting that extra pressure . 
  i should get that pressure too but why not ? 
  i think this is something that more people should know about . 
  i was playing today a game with others . 
  the game was great and exciting . 
  i was bullying poland right from the beginning , so he got pissed so he decided to invade me . 
  he had quite sizable army of archers and other stuff . 
  what he did n't know was that i was building an army of composite bowmen , prepare to invade him too . 
  he declared war on me and his pitiful army barely scratched my city , before it was almost wiped out . 
  after that things went wrong . 
  poland had to go and get some sleep , because he was n't prepared that the game would last so long . 
  what happened then ? 
  our host , purplecat left the game after that for reasons that i ca n't remember . 
  he was going to come back but everybody else left too and then the game was over . 
  so please people , when you are going to play a game , make sure that you have 5-6 spare hours . 
  yes , they can last that long , even on quick speed . 
  everything is just slower , especially if there are wars going on . 
  today i was playing mp game . 
  it was a good game , no doubt about that . 
  i was bullying poland right from the beginning , and he got pissed . 
  so he decided to launch sneak attack on me with a sizable army of archers and other stuff . 
  what he did n't know is that i was building an army of composite bowmen . 
  and when he declared war on me , his army got caught by surprise by my bowmen . 
  it got almost wiped out before he even barely scratched my city . 
  after that things went wrong . 
  poland had to get some sleep , because he was n't prepared for such a long game . 
  after that host left because for reasons that i ca n't remember , and soon everybody else left too . 
  and the game was over then . 
  so please people , prepare to have 5-6 hours . 
  the games are long in mp , even in quick speed . 
  if you leave the game then then you will ruin the experience for others and everybody else leaves too . 
  when i first time saw this game i got quite interested , but then i read comments about how this game had so much design flaws , including jet packs which denied all kinda of defenses and the game was n't loyal to original game . 
  i decided to give a shot for the first game . 
  and that game was good !, 
  it offered me fun time for few hours . 
  it was really good but it really lacked some polishing imo , such as building mechanics . 
  later i heard that there was an added classic mode to the sequel , which made the game more like the f2p version . 
  how does it work when compared to original ? 
  and is it better or not ? 
  if it 's even almost equal then it 's definitely worth my 2 euros . 
  also , how 's the dlc ? 
  is it worth it ? 
  and is there any servers for that ? 
  what is your first reaction when you see a game which has a simulator in its title ? 
  prob . 
  a game which is extremely low quality and has tons of bugs .
