  even though dice has said they wo n't add these , this would make soldiers very vulnerable if they want to repair the tank for example . 
  - flat tire if it gets shot . 
  this combined with vehicle animations would be deadly against armored cars . 
  i ca n't figure out anything else now , but i guess you get the idea : your problem is true , but the solution is wrong . 
  also , tanks are powerful in bf3 , but nothing compared what they are irl . 
  you should be afraid of them . 
  play some red orchestra 2 or bf2 : project reality and you get what i mean . 
  speaking about tf2 , heavy is the best guy at close range . 
  if you are a pyro against heavy you put yourself in a great risk if you go after him . 
  also , demo is beast anti-engineer class . 
  you can counter spy by being cautious all the time , but if you see demo , your best chance is to grab sentry and gtfo . 
  also , since tf2 is heavily skill-based game you need to learn different classes seperately . 
  i am good with demo , heavy and medic , decent with scout , pyro and engineer , but i stink as soldier , sniper and spy . 
  some guys are better with different class than i , but suck with different . 
  a subreddit full of peasantry . . no wonder you got downvoted . 
  the cpu could be better , but otherwise it is a nice build . 
  i 'd pay $ 500-600 for that , but if those parts and gear were better i 'd pay ~ $ 800 total . 
  [ here 's the mod shown in that pic ] ( http://www.gta4-mods.com/misc/simple-enb-for-natural-and-realistic-lighting-f20765 ), 
  i have n't used it , but in [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o-ojtm6tce&amp;hd=1 ) video he has 30-40 frames with 2500k , gtx660 and 4gb ram . 
  that 's basically no difference with vanilla iv . 
  the monitor is definitely nice perk , but i am not so sure about keyboard + mouse . . wireless ones usually have some more problems . 
  so uhh . . maybe . 
  i would n't pay $ 700 though , only 600 . 
  i just do n't like used hardware . 
  also , i5-750 is 4 years old cpu and gtx580 3 years , so you 're gon na get quite outdated hardware . 
  580 is still powerful though . 
  no , i do not think that your build would last 5 years , especially if you want to have medium-high settings . 
  that 's a reasonable price . 
  go for it !, 
  if ai has killed your spy he says something like `` you should read books and educate yourself rather than steal techs '', 
  only master race can keep their heads calm while playing . 
  f2p games !, 
  nowadays f2p games are good and they are not usually p2w . 
  team fortress 2 , planetside 2 , warframe , league of legends , dota 2 , warthunder , world of tanks , hawken , blacklight : retribution , tribes : ascend . . go and try them out !, 
  they said that black ops 2 was `` new and innovative direction for cod series '' while fallout : new vegas was `` copying fallout 3 and felt repetitive '' . 
  also , halo 4 got 9.8 , which is better than . . pretty much anything . 
  they do have good stuff to but stuff like this ruins their reputation . 
  . . let 's not talk about it . 
  say what you want , but i am pretty sure that [ this was scripted by activision . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7axqn88fofi ) if it 's not and it came truly from his heart . . i 'll be damned . 
  first of all , she says that new vegas is like giant expansion pack . 
  you can read it however you like it but i see it as `` only '' big new expansion pack . 
  fine , i do not deny it but what about bo2 ? 
  same engine , same gameplay , same models , same . . everything !, 
  some perk changes , new story , some new weapons . . omg zombies guys this is awesome !, 
  `` black ops 2 sets new standards in fps genre '' `` blah blah blah bo2 is new and innovative '' `` this is not the shooter you expected . '', 
  sure , it has made some changes but are n't you overstating ? 
  also , he says nothing negative about it . 
  nothing !, 
  also , i said `` i 'm pretty sure '' , not `` i know . '', 
  can i bring you any proof ? 
  that is just my guessing about all the overstating in that review . 
  and i do not believe that he is serious about that gibberish , and if it 's true . . 
  [ ahem !, 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/asrock-h61m-s-1155-micro-atx-motherboard/dp/b004s0ctpc ), 
  how do they have have so low score ? 
  i have always enjoyed fps genre . 
  single-player , multi-player . . 
  i take anything !, 
  it 's sad to see that many of the aaa-devs make sp games like call of duty . 
  heavily scripted , super linear . . and the story which goes like `` evil bad russian terrorists want to nuke usa and start ww3 but good american heroes save the day ! '', 
  and the worst part !, 
  people actually like these !, 
  mp part has been quite good - for most of the part . 
  biggest cons have been that big devs force more and more dlc , which is a problem in the whole industry , but fps genre has taken biggest beating i 'd say . 
  also , it 's disapointing that once glorious battlefield franchise has stepped to this too - and not adding mod tools anymore !, 
  luckily many fpss are just fine nowadays . 
  i 've been enjoying [ bf2 : pr ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jxk7sqnwfm ) lately . 
  such fantastic mod , and a great community !, 
  truly worthy for master race !, 
  graphics could be better but i do n't mind it too much , but bad optimizing is aggravating !, 
  dat map . . it 's almost like europe . 
  click `` add to basket '', 
  * sigh *, 
  fucking hell , you are getting six aaa games for one bloody dollar !, 
  i would n't complain at all !, 
  for $ 5 , definitely !, 
  for full price . . 
  i do n't know . 
  i personally did n't like vanilla maps pretty much at all . 
  i only own b2k and i 'd say they 're much better than vanilla maps . 
  controlling certain objectives is strategically very important , which is n't the case in vanilla , and possibly in rest of the maps . 
  i think they should remove wall/castle after the arsenal has been built , and add other visuals , like a military base or garrisonable structures . 
  walls . . they 're just too ridiculous when you have rockets n shit !, 
  but did people build walls and castles in 2000ad irl ? 
  also , many of those walls have been destroyed , so there are only some bits left . 
  berlin wall was built by the enemy , to isolate west berlin . 
  also , us mexico border is more like a fortress rather than a wall in its purpose . 
  also , i do not think that neuschwanstein or other newer castles were built for defensive purposes . 
  you should never have elite squad which would never get killed , especially on iron man . 
  it is essential to train newbies all the time . 
  i am not so good in that game but i made pretty far in classic ironman before i screwed . 
  i hate his videos too but at least he is part of pc master race . 
  what if a console peasant was the biggest ? 
  i still remember the times when he and robbaz were almost equal . 
  that was n't too long time ago . . 
  first valve adds purchasable camouflages to cs : go , then ea sells dirt cheap games and all the profit goes for charity , and now this ? 
  some really weird shit has been goin ' on this week , my brethen . 
  good stuff and bad stuff . 
   tina tina 's is the best , but get them all .
