  well then . . nice stripes, 
  i bought bf3 because of expectations from bf2 , but it was a complete failure . 
  when premium was introduced , i said `` fuck you ea '' and did n't buy premium, 
  i ca n't believe that some pages even exist . . 
  no , if chief was smart he would 've picked cerberus harrier, 
  there 's also / r/spacedicks, 
  . . darkest corner in the internet ( after the 4chan ), 
  i recommend getting bring down the sky and the lair of the shadowbroker . 
  bring down the sky is fun driving with mako and has something to do with upcoming leviathan dlc . 
  shadowbroker dlc was amazing , and quite important in story . 
  zaaed and kasumi . . they 're ok characters but not anything important . . 
  i would n't recommend getting them, 
  bf3 maps are small compared to battlefield 2 ( not bad company 2 ), 
  i still loved both games , battlefield 2 and bad company 2, 
  i think something more simple would fit him , like `` ed '' . 
  * sigh *, 
  it 's official . 
  battlefield has become ea 's money cow along with medal of honor . 
  battlefield makes game every 2nd year , moh every 2nd year , forgetting what real fans want , just doing the hype shit for masses . 
  my favourite game series is finished . . that makes me drop tears . 
  too bad that both of them are almost dead . . especially 2142 . 
  i can still find good servers on bf2 but 2142 is a no go, 
  i do n't know , but hacking can be possible as infiltrator . 
  since the hacking takes 15 seconds and cloak ( if right upgrades ) is 11 seconds, 
  it seems legit . . 53 minutes , 250k score , full extraction , kill gold award , sniper gold award , 127k credits ( which can be 140k if done fast ), 
  not done by me, 
  oh yeah those . . they can be pain in the ass , especially on solo !, 
  edit : he did the hacking , on wave 6 . 
  this guy is a god i presume . . 
  somebody did phoenix adept vs geth gold . . 
  so i bet this can be also possible . 
  let 's just say everything with shields and barriers , especially banshees , hates me . 
  i tried it once , but my reaction was :, 
  i believe he was , not 100 % sure, 
  yes , i do play on pc but i 'm not that guy . . 
  it 's the hunter mode , gives you weapon & power bonus but decreases your shield effecteviness , as you can see it in this video, 
  that 's what i though too , but some other guys have had strange bugs with adreline rush . . 
  well , a stripe on a car is much cooler than cupcakes . . 
  the tip of any game is practice . 
  you must know what your enemies are capable of , your own skill level , game mechanics , and skill . 
  aiming , movement , all that stuff is important . 
  that works for every game , rts , fps , rpg , you name it . 
  i 'm so casual on rpg and rts games because i do n't have skill , i know game mechanics but just ca n't make them work in-game . 
  somebody should do that miranda romance with this face :, 
  this map was a dissapoint . 
  i wanted to fight near the jesus statue , not in some damn water treatment plant . . 
  505 kills during winter war ( which was only 105 days long war ) , and survived an explosive round to a head - that makes a proud finn, 
  . . and those are the only useful pistols . . ( along with acolyte , which is beast vs. banshee ), 
  edit : fail, 
  i do n't prefer scorpion , forgot the eagle and the phalanx is ok, 
  or maybe i dont like it because since the scorpion is blacklisted weapon and i do n't have it and tried only in sp and hated it . 
  ultra-rare , n7 weapon, 
  i would say yes . 
  i just unlocked m-358 talon , and i never , never use pistols . 
  so what i instead wanted ? 
  lets just not make it too extreme like tf2 has done it, 
  it 's not n7 weapon , it 's asari weapon . 
  and the rarity level is rare/gold, 
  typhoon is n7 weapon but it 's rarity level is only rare/gold , so is the piranha too, 
  blue - normal quality, 
  silver - uncommon quality, 
  gold - rare quality, 
  black - ultra-rare quality, 
  molotov proved it to be very effective , and cheap anti-tank weapon . 
  here 's a clip from talvisota ( winterwar ) - movie , showing how it was done in real action . 
  one does not simply steal our water, 
  - says captain anderson , and sends the most elite troops what 's left on resistance , to protect water, 
  reckless , but effective, 
  this is what i feel every time when my team is pinned down by ravagers on reaper gold . 
  every time i whisper `` my turn '' . 
  still , it 's disappointing map . 
  if reapers really would wan na destroy it , they would just send in one capital ship and blow it to hell . . 
  that 's why i wan na fight for jesus statue, 
  i regret what i typed - there are other useful pistols , i just never use them, 
  i 'd rather give her n7 stripe . . 
  after ec , it 's actually pretty good, 
  talon is a shotgun ? 
  i just realized it when i unlocked it, 
  one part of training is mako driving , and shepard did n't get one, 
  50 000 years older than you, 
  seems like many people do n't know that quote , one of my favourites, 
  i live in finland and never saw one of those . . 
  more brutal than waiting hl3, 
  gabe newell has lost some weight . . 
  to be honest , who wants to be n1 operative instead of n7 ? 
  note : it 's not fake , and the price is only 5500 euroes . 
  it 's made from vw beetle , fordson super major and fiat 600 . 
  engine is from lawn mower 200cc , 0,2 liters , and gearbox is from fiat 600 , 4 gears . 
  top speed is 60km/h, 
  i bet this is from greece . . 
  i bet this is fake . 
  too much game-changing stuff , has to be fake !, 
  i did n't revive them because i wanted them to show them this glitch . 
  . . there 's little bit evil in all of us, 
  no , the other players played , and died normally . 
  the host changed to platinum , it was cerberus giant , and it did n't work anymore . . we got our asses kicked very quickly, 
  wow , that glitch has happened to me earlier , too :o, 
  and here 's what happens when you become immortal, 
  thank you for such a positive feedback . 
  team ranger ?
