  the tax funded model just gives everyone a good chance to succeed in their lives , not just those who happen to born in right families . 
  not everyone gets to study in uni , though . 
  here in finland at least we have entry exams for every subject , and being accepted to places like medical or law school is very difficult : only a small handful of people get accepted . 
  seriously , some people study hundreds of hours for those tests and still get rejected . 
  and i certainly would n't belittle nordic universities . 
  both sweden and finland have like 1 top 400-university per million citizen , which is one the best scores the world ( the us has ~ 0.3 iirc ) . 
  no , they 're not comparable to top universities like harvard or mit , but they still offer high-quality education . 
  now , i can understand if you hate taxes , but since i came from a poor family i truly understand the benefits of the tax funded system . 
  had i been born elsewhere my chances to rise in the society would be much smaller . 
  getting a higher degree obviously means i will have to eventually pay a good amount of them as well . 
  blizzard has been very aggressive on cheaters : their anti-cheat catches them , [ they have sued a cheat developer ] ( https://www.engadget.com/2016/07/05/blizzard-sues-overwatch-cheat-developer/ ) and the system has been working in a way that you 're not able to play again if you 're caught . 
  [ `` on his fourth attempt , he purged his pc , changing hard drive ids , mac address , biosdate and buying a vpn to throw blizzard 's anticheat off . 
  it did n't work . 
  '' ] ( http://www.pcgamer.com/overwatch-cheaters-are-having-a-hard-time/ ), 
  i also would n't call the community magnitude more toxic than csgo . 
  from my experience quickplay only has a handful them , and on ranked ( 60-65 ) you occasionally face them but definitely less than on cs from what i 've experienced . 
  maybe it 's a different story on lower ranks , i dunno . 
  mercy is usually a really fun hero to play , but there 's nothing more infuriating than a monkey that got a jump on me while the friendly rein next to you does n't charge him or the hog does n't hook him . 
  sometimes they just fail to notice what 's going on until it 's too late . 
  mercy is really a hero that you should play only when you can use voice comms . 
  i had 32k as winston . 
  that was career average . 
  at least you now know what group b represents . 
  shame i was n't around when that was a thing . 
  eh , mei desperately needs a buff . 
  in her current state she is a useless class . 
  she is annoying to play against if you do n't know what you 're doing , but she 's so easy to deal with if you 're good . 
  all attackers can reliably evade freeze with their abilities ( aside maybe from mccree ) , and good players know not to engage mei when these particular abilities are on cooldown . 
  in teamfights you could still kill the mei before she would land a headshot , but it would be devastating against flankers - no backup if you 'd misplay by stepping into her range . 
  as long as the buff would make mei reliable anti-flanker then i 'd be content with it . 
  something that would force the genji to leave the fight immediately . 
  imo flash is n't super reliable counter unlike the other attacker abilities are . 
  other attackers can escape with a single ability . 
  for flashbang tho you must have combat roll ready and/or plenty of rounds left in your mag . 
  not all players can land two headshots in a row for the maximum ttk , especially not on console . 
  nonetheless flash is pretty good vs mei . 
  as i said , you do n't attack mei up close alone if your mobility abilities are on cooldown . 
  they recharge quickly , so fall back to your team or some other safe position . 
  if you 're caught by mei while your abilities are on cooldown then that 's bad positioning from you . 
  genji can dash away , reaper has wraith , mccree can flash and land two headshots ( not super reliable , especially if your aim is n't good ) . 
  pharao can just stay out of mei 's range , and if you 're caught up indoors alone vs mei . . bad positioning . 
  you still could utilize the blast . 
  you are right about soldier though . 
  as for support characters . . well , that 's not important . 
  these characters are not flankers , they stick with the team . 
  and in teamfights you counter mei by shooting him before he gets a chance to freeze anyone . 
  the bottom line here is that mei becomes useless if the players are good at the game . 
  she was a pain when i bought the game but then i learned the counterplay . 
  yes , you mostly need to just hold lmb with mei , but that does n't work at all in highly ranked matches . 
  it also takes up a spot from a good hero . 
  i said that you do n't go near ( more like point-blank range ) her alone if your getaway abilities are recharging . 
  otherwise you just can go in , try to kill her and use a getaway ability if you fail . 
  at most scenarios mei ca n't contest you as the fight happens in attacker 's terms . 
  and in team fights ? 
  well , she deals terrible damage , and her freezing ability is only dangerous if she 's let to live for a long time , so she gets dropped first . 
  and tanks can protect frozen targets if she manages to get someone . 
  look , i 'm currently playing at rank 69 . 
  at these ranks you very rarely see her being played due to her uselessness : the setup is nearly every time the standard 2 attackers , 2 tanks and 2 supports . 
  but i also can understand why less-skilled players are struggling against her . 
  it 's an easy class to play , being frozen makes you feel weak and frustrated , and the counterplay requires quite a lot more skill , game sense and coordination than just holding left click and walking forward . 
  once you cross a certain threshold the class becomes redundant as other classes become vastly more useful . 
  i learned this fact by watching the great war - channel . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbia_and_montenegro ), 
  some people like breasts , others like legs . 
  and some like . . things like this . 
  i remember when they added newfoundland as a terror map in lw . 
  `` arctic harbour in nigeria ? 
  yup , that 's the place . '', 
   it does n't matter . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i like that other sticker of yours . 
  ** strength in unity **, 
  of course the k/d matters , dead men ca n't capture stuff . 
  winning more firefights more consistently allows you to capture and hold more objectives . 
  if i manage to win 1vsx situations often at the flag , am i less value to the team than the player who often loses his duels while trying to take over the flag ? 
  ptfo is n't just running flag-to-flag headlessly , having more good killers on your team is what ultimately decides the matches . 
  when ana gives me the boost , her sadistic tf2 brethren wakes inside me . 
  i 'll do my best to unleash the theoretical 300dps . 
  actually , german chief of staff erich von falkenhayn attacked verdun because he wanted to win the war through attrition . 
  verdun was historically important location for france , a place where they simply could n't retreat . 
  the plan was to barrage them to their deaths inside their fortifications , wasting as many men and much supplies as possible , until their front would collapse and they would be forced to surrender . 
  [ pretty much dead you say ? 
  ] ( http://steamcharts.com/app/440#all ) the peak numbers might be slightly declining but the game is still more popular than the vast majority of other pc games . 
  eh , tf2 has had always bad players . 
  like really bad , most likely kids trying their first fps . 
  the official servers always had the worst of them all , but if you 'd bookmark the right community servers then you 'll get decent opponents . 
  then you can always do scrimming for proper match-ups , but apparently many ex-pros have moved onto overwatch ( like seagull . ), 
  not that the game ever had a big competitive scene . 
  have n't tried the new comp yet though , but i presume you 'll eventually face tough opponents as you climb through the ranks . 
  mercy can actually be dangerous against tracer . 
  3 headshots followed by a quick melee is a kill . 
  it does n't necessarily work against great tracers that know your damage potential ( they move in an unpredictable manner , recall when they 've taken enough damage ) , but i 've punished so many tracers thinking that i 'm an easy kill . 
   1 armed whaler, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/suomi/comments/4s6s5c/pelastakaa_suomi/ ), 
  [ he 's wrong . 
  ] ( https://thinkprogress.org/satellites-confirm-global-warming-ce6d636c469f#.igj2tldlh ), 
  going veg is probably the biggest thing you could do . 
  if you ca n't give up on it completely , stop eating beef and consume poultry instead : the latter one produces significantly less emissions . 
  also , buy things when you really need them .
