  two of those leaders are not eager to play this game , they are unorganized , they lack planetside 2 content , and they prob . 
  stop it after the ues is over . 
  is this actually going to be a pinnacle moment in planetside 2 history ? 
  i am 100 % that it 's not . 
  soe chose terrible players to show off this game , and they have done it very unorganized . 
  this would solve 2 problems :, 
  - bailing esf/lib crew when they are about to get shot down, 
  - coward random gunners who bail out when the hull has taken only slightly damage . 
  we all know that how annoying it is when you have defeated someone in a dogfight , and he bails out just before the esf gets destroyed . 
  he knows that he has no chance to survive that fall ( expect if he 's a light assault ) , and he still does it to piss you off . 
  also , the second problem is very annoying if you have no friends online and you still wan na do some lib gunning . 
  i go to the enemy territory with my random gunner , and soon a random max starts to shoot us . 
  i tilt my nose up so he could get a good firing position . 
  but no , he just exits !, 
  after that he gets killed and i am looking for a new gunner for the next 10 minutes . 
  and later , that gunner did the exact . 
  same . 
  f * cking . 
  thing . 
  this game has very dull music . 
  all empires have their unique music style , nc has rock , tr has military-styled music , vs has . . 
  i do not even know what genre that belongs , but it 's still good !, 
  for nc , i would add music from c&c series , especially from red alert 3 . 
  man i love frank klepacki . 
  that man made huge amount of rock-themed intensive combat themes ( expect the dull jap ones ) , and many of them are re-created versions from ra2 ost . 
  these are one of my favourites that fits very well for nc :, 
  [ soviet combat theme 1 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph0jjdy5mdm ), 
  [ uprising allied combat theme ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4g3a_r-bbfu ), 
  for tr , i would add music from battlefield series , especially from bf2142 . 
  tr music feels like propaganda , and so does the 2142 . 
  i am so unhappy that dice decided to add more wub-wub to bf3 themes . 
  i would add these songs :, 
  [ verdun theme ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dt8u40riite ), 
  [ minsk theme ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6m0_2-ouju ), 
  for vanu , i have no idea . 
  i never listen vanu-styled music , and i do n't know even to what genre it does belong . 
  post me some ideas !, 
  terrible !, 
  this was terrible !, 
  over-hyped event that was just fucked up in every way !, 
  timing was bad for non-us players , streaming started 1 hour late , lots of problems with stream , no organized action by devs or server resets on non-connery servers , which basically made second-and third rounds impossible !, 
  i am greatly dissapointed soe . 
  are you one of those guys that are fighting only on crown and the area surrounding it , just because all of the fights are there and the ghost capping is n't effective ? 
  do you feel like you are not getting enough certs ? 
  are you tired to be that solo capper who tries to capture area with his sunderer but gets instantly raped by an esf ? 
  do you hate when a single squad captures half of your territory while your empire just does n't give a fuck ? 
  do you feel that if there is actually a good reason to fight somewhere else than the crown , if you 'd get more certs , or almost even equal ? 
  i have a solution . 
  ** give y amount of passive certs for holding x amount of facilities **, 
  imo this game has three big problems : almost everybody gather only around indar and especially on crown , you do n't gain enough certs and there is not enough people on the servers . 
  devs can fix the last problem by their selves , but my solution would fix the first two . 
  my idea is that if your empire holds 4-5 facilities on a continent , you gain 250xp every time a resource resupply rolls in , which equals to 1 cert , 500xp if you hold 6-7 facilities , and a whopping 1000xp if you hold 8-9 ( note that these numbers can work only on indar and amerish , but they could be adjusted to esamir ) . 
  these numbers may be slightly different , like 375xp for 5 facilities etc. 
  people do not want bloody resources , they want [ * certs * ] ( http://frederation.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/cinnamon_certs.jpg ) . 
  if your empire has 4 facilities , you would gain 1 extra cert every 5 minute . 
  that is extra 12 certs per hour !, 
  this would encourage people to leave the crown and start capture territory and facilities , and also defend them . 
  if your empire has 6 facilities under control you 'd also want to hold them , so you could have that 2 extra cert buff . 
  if you are still reading this , you are probably thinking that this is a terrible idea , because all empires would just capture a single continent and hold them , and just wait to certs roll in . 
  this can be prevented . 
  if your empire has 50 % pop or more , the bonus would be removed completely . 
  this would n't fix the whole empty cont . 
  capping , but it would courage people to fight elsewhere because `` hey , this is just ghost capping ! '', 
  now you must be thinking that it could lead to situations where two empires dominate a single continent and the smallest one would be ignored . 
  this is possible , but i do not think this is a problem at all . 
  if a continent has fights , even if they happen between two empires , then this solution is a better one than the current one . 
  so , what do you think ? 
  i play 95 % of the time in competitive . 
  wow , i must say that the community has gone to shit . 
  i have been multiple times been kicked when i have played bad . 
  and because of that , my rank has dropped from master guardian 2 to gold nova 3 . 
  and almost every single game somebody gets kicked out . 
  sometimes i do , sometimes i do n't . 
  but it is somebody . 
  i remember once we were losing 13-1 on nuke t . it was the last round , so i decided to grab autoshotty and hide in the truck , just for lulz . 
  when everybody got killed they kicked me out . 
  just . . why ? 
  i was n't even worst in our team . 
  today i got really pissed off . 
  i was in a very bad team , everybody just ran where ever they wanted , and i was the only one who tried to do teamwork . 
  one round everybody rushed into ramp , expect the worst guy in our team , who had the bomb rushed into yard with scout and deagle . 
  we ramp rushers got killed , but that scout guy somehow made to a. 
  he started to plant , but then he stopped , hid for 10 seconds and then he got killed . 
  i asked him what the hell is he doing and he should follow the team , especially if he has a bomb . 
  i got instantly kicked , even though i was # 1 on the team and the only one with a positive kd . 
  next round i was in a team which pretty much dominated . 
  after the 9-0 they kicked somebody out of their team . 
  after 10-0 somebody quitted , and after that they surrendered . 
  and then i felt very mad and noticed that my rank has dropped to gold nova 3 . 
  if you are considering battlefield 3 , do n't do it . 
  get the battlefield : bad company 2 . 
  it has better map design , better audio design , more maps if you do n't buy dlc . . you do n't get the jets but you have choppers . 
  one of the major problems of battlefield 3 is that maps are not well designed . 
  there are `` rush maps '' and `` conquest maps '' . 
  many conquest maps are too small for conquest , and they need more flags and longer distances . 
  older battlefields managed this well . 
  and i am talking about this with 64 players . 
  with 24 players ( the console version ) the maps are just wayy too large . 
  and for rush , the conquest maps are okayish , but have problems like too long distances between mcoms . 
  and the rush maps . . they are well designed when it comes to size , but they are too easy to defend .
