  i used them like choppers - they can pop up in a middle of a battle and ditch extreme amounts of damage for a short period of time and pull them back before it gets too hot . 
  i have two cards of seals so i wo n't need regular flamethrowers for that slow but steady dps . 
  not really sure what i should get as my second tank . 
  two cards of leo1a5 's was a bit stale and brennus is quite shite tbh - the autocannon is n't very good and you ca n't even fire that and the main cannon at the same time . 
  perhaps a 35pt sheridan ? 
  4he cannon and a 16ap 40 % atgm could work . . 
  plane tab is solid imo , switching between may 1000kg bombers and the f-16a seems to hit the sweet spot . 
  not too comfortable with the harrier tho as i just tend to miss my bombs . 
  this . 
  when a good maa and a solid jet pilot meet it 's a game of avoiding each other . 
  if the jet enters maa 's airspace he gets shredded to pieces in a heartbeat , and he knows it . 
  the only time when the attack jet has a window to take the maa out is when he is being distracted by ground stuff , and this happens often when maa moves closer to deny more airspace . 
  the pacing worked very well in bf2 , at least on conquest : assault maps . 
  the maps were rather long and narrow but not like in metro and whiteout , where there 's pretty much nothing but chokepoints filled with grenade spam . 
  this made flanking harder but more rewarding , as you could capture the main base from the enemy . 
  that and the lack of squad spawning , spawn beacons , regen health and fewer vehicles slowed the pace quite a bit . 
  it was n't in the ranks of arma or anything like that , but still . 
  gibraltar was a stupid map , that i can agree with . 
  that and some other maps were just . . too small , just like in many of the bf3 fan-favorites . 
  attacking titans was a pain in the ass too , like a single rdx can deny the entrance to the hallway if he has some backup . 
  but in those cases you 're just better off capturing silos if defenders stack the titan . 
  but generally speaking i did like the walking part of the 2 and 2142 , makes the pace of the game a lot slower , which was a good in my opinion . 
  3 and 4 are just way too fast in many aspects , like having more transports , infinite sprint , more spawn points and so on . 
  pfft . . 
  i do n't even give them roofs on top if their heads . 
  and on top of that they wo n't even get any laundry nor mail , as such cell design prevents me from delivering such things . 
  the smell must be unbearable . 
  of course , if one has behaved exceptionally then he may get a roof on top of his head , laundry + mail and even cozy canteens separated from the gen pop . 
  that 's what your supermax zone is designed for - you give your volatile prisoners a dosage of lead or two , and that will always calm them down . 
  injecting some of that syringe stuff is a necessary part of the treatment . 
  also , an electroshock therapy is a fine alternative for all that . 
  it requires plenty of doctors , though . 
  it 's simple - let your doctors ( armed guards ) patrol the cell block , enable high alert ( free fire ) - and the doctors will give the good stuff when the prisoners go off . 
  yes , that was a joke . 
  you obviously need a chicken foot for that . 
  this . 
  they already had a chance against vp . 
  and this game ? 
  kinguin played extremely well as a team , and even though c9 did n't play bad by any means , they got outsmarted and outplayed . 
  eh . . your recommended changes are mostly trash . 
  rd moto is a faction what you want to play in smaller games , and your changes do n't help that in anyway . 
  big games -  go ussr/sovkor, 
  upvetting most things is recommended . 
  that 5 % difference with the ty-90 ? 
  it may bite you in the ass in the openers if it misses its shot . 
  do you really need that extra heli just so that you may lose the crucial opener ? 
  exactly . 
  non-radar aa can be really good , as they are immune to sead . 
  30pt shilka is one of the best spaag in the game as they deal very good damage for the price . 
  it is a hard counter against soviet heli spam when paired with hq-7 . 
  napalm rockets are n't good at all as they do n't have any he ( compared to the 10he of the burrito ) . 
  two cards of yucks is one the primary reasons why you play rd moto - they are very good against infantry and vehicles too . 
  also , having li jians is n't recommended in helis as you will drop them in openers and they will be rekt by vehicles . 
  use lie ren instead . 
  also , fagot is just terrible atgm , do n't use it . 
  and having wz-551 with shashous is n't a bad idea as they wo n't be deployed alone - they will contribute with other units . 
  the heli tab changes are n't worth it imo . 
  the mi-25 is worth it . 
  it can kill both vehicles and tanks with it , and the 10hp with some armor can take a bit of damage . 
  also , the minigun does a lot of damage too . 
  and then the plane tab . . you get the 80pt as it is a cheap bomber that will survive the thin aa nets found in small games . 
  very fast reload time too . 
  a 1000kg does plenty of punishment , and 80pt makes it really spammable . 
  it does n't share the same role as b5 does , nor does the q-5d . 
  you use the q-5d to kill snipe tanks , while retaining some infantry-killing capability . 
  you can use it instead of su-25k also , do n't use the 160pt sead , at least not two cards of it . 
  it is just too expensive , the repair & refill costs are way too high and it does n't synergize at all with cheaper planes - you use rd planes against thin aa networks or send them to suicide runs if it 's worth it . 
  and finally , do n't use the su-27sk , [ it 's one of the worst planes in the game . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty6tn4lpzuu ) you 're better off with the nk 90pt fighter upvetted , as it brings hell of a lot more value to the table . 
  also , do n't forget that the c2a1 deals ~ 3.5 more suppression than the i.mg3 does , making c2a1 more efficient in certain situations . 
  pairing that gun with mg3 line inf or some high-dps units ( assault engineers , seals ) can be very brutal . 
  it is n't recommended that you build `` general purpose '' decks - you should always aim to build something specific . 
  a 1vs1 conquest deck varies from a 3vs3 conquest deck , and destruction vs conquest decks are a lot different well.the amount of income makes all the difference as well . 
  that said , if you want this to be a 1vs1 conquest deck then it needs some changes . 
  winning only one bo3 against top 10 team in 3 months is shit . 
  that 's something you would n't expect from a team like nip . 
  not looking good for vp , this is where fnatic shines . 
  hopefully vp has practiced it . 
  the 2013 fnatic line-up was completely different , only jw was part of the team . 
  oh right , i did forget about that . 
  but still , they were n't the same caliber of a beast at all like they are nowadays . 
  you should n't be playing north korea if you want to be competitive , but sovkor is pretty good . 
  b-5 , m1992 , shilka , yuckjeondae ' 90/jeogockae ' 90 , bochongsu - those are literally the only worthy units that do their job better than their soviet counterparts if there is any . 
  that and the extra t-90s if you go armored . 
  edit : there are some better minor variants too like the exceptional recon heli , but my point here is that the legitimate nk options are few and far between if you go sovkor over ussr - hence nk alone is pretty bad . 
  that and cs : go being the biggest fps on the market at the moment . . there 's not that much room for growth any more , you know . 
  at least not outside of europe and na . 
  * ca n't kill 'em if you do n't hit 'em !, 
  here 's a classic one , the / v / musical . 
  i suppose it belongs to the sad category . 
  ye remove the mi-6 . 
  it just ai n't very practical unit in ranked due to short distances and such . 
  get a second card of sx250 's instead . 
  also , get a chinese infantry cv as the transport has slightly more armor & you have already have an amphibious jeep . 
  your inf tab is lacking at capabilities , so i suggest removing li jian '75 and adding a second squad of yucks instead . 
  they are very comparable to li jian '75 in terms of ai capabilities as their carbines are excellent . 
  bring them in btr-60p 's . 
  you may need more li jian 90 's so maybe move them from wz-551 's to the 10pt one . 
  i do n't like the hq-61a , it synergies very poorly with the rest of the rd aa . 
  it has little to no chance taking b5 's down before the bomb drops & your asf 's are solid against them .
