  there 's just something special about listening dr. van halen every single time . . 
  it was a pun . 
  you know , vahlen -  va hlen -  van halen . 
  i ca n't remember who decided to call her with that name in the first place but it 's suitable for her , being crazy and all that . 
  i remember him being a stand-in for dignitas back in the day . 
  he really proved his awping skills , so i am excited to see him in this new line-up !, 
  bf2 definitely had definitely better graphics than this . 
  [ just look and see . 
  ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=bf2+screenshot&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=965&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=_myavkdvgolwonzvgcaf&amp;ved=0cayq_auoaq#q=bf2+screenshots&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbas=0&amp;imgdii=_ ), 
  we just `` do n't like '' them , we despise them . 
  maybe op is playing cs : go on 360 ? 
  absolutely !, 
  the amazing thing about bf2 maps was that they were designed in a way that clear frontlines would be formed , certain flags would be heavily contested - breaking through the defensive line was a tough job but my god if you and your squad did that . . you were truly credit to the team . 
  if you managed to do that thing then defenders would have to move some of their players from holding to line to deal with those flankers , giving attackers a chance to overwhelm their defenses . 
  and please , vote for 2142 maps as well . 
  bridge of remagen is possibly my favourite map in the whole franchise ; so simple but great `` push '' design , especially on that bridge . 
  i can easily see this level being done in a modern-day setting . 
  [ yeah . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeoznsoi8y8 ), 
  in fact , cs : go originally was cs : s console port developed by hidden path entertainment , but valve decided to turn it into a full game . 
  so cs : go eventually came out which was fairly console-oriented ( but still inferior to pc version ) , so valve took up the game after the launched and brought it back to pc standards , just like it should have been in the first place . 
  edit : to whoever downvoted me , i assume you got offended by the fact that cs : go should 've not been console-oriented in the first place , i 'll explain more . 
  once valve started adding great changes and updates ( like new weapons , weapon skins , weapon spray patterns , prices , kill rewards adjusted to pc competitive standards , $ 250k price money for major tournaments etc. 
  ) , the popularity of cs : go jumped from ~ 10-15k daily peak players to ~ 300k in about 1,5 years . 
  for comparison , bf4 gets approximately ~ 150k peak on all platforms combined . 
  so yeah , what valve did was absolutely brilliant . 
  i honestly ca n't understand why people do appreciate bf3 maps so much . . 
  i mean , open conquest maps had few flags so together at them with a strange layout - the game felt more like a giant deathmatch rather than a proper conquest map . 
  city maps ? 
  chokepoints , chokepoints , chokepoints - absolutely terrible with more than 24 players !, 
  i would love to see strike at karkand back , though . 
  with bf2 layout , not bf3 . 
  and with classic settings instead of normal i think that the game would play out a lot better . 
  edit : guys , do n't downvote him because of his opinion . . not cool . 
  eh , i would n't say so . 
  there were far too many mcom pairs where attackers had too hard time to get to the mcom because defenders only had to watch to 2 or 3 entrances . 
  while they were n't * terrible * rush maps they simply were . . half-hearted when compared to bc1 and bc2 maps ( which had dedicated rush maps , not just conquest maps with movement restrictions ) . 
  now , those maps were pretty open and small with plenty of cover for attackers to advance . 
  and most importantly the attackers had a vehicle advantage in all maps , which is a huge factor . 
  now obviously if maps were designed in a similar way than in bad company the match might not end up playing similarly . 
  there are plenty of other factors which we must consider , like let 's say lower ttk . 
  do attackers have a harder time to advance in bf3/4 because they are n't such bullet sponges ? 
  probably , yes . 
  alright , fair enough . 
  i personally despise bf3 and consider being one of the weakest games in the franchise ( if not the weakest ) , not only because of ( imo ) poor map design , but also because of certain game mechanics which i do not like . 
  squad spawn system , 3d spotting , no commander and poor communications in general , suppression , auto health regen . . while these things may sound petty , they do in fact have a massive impact on gameplay and to flow of battle in general . 
  and the fact that i was * very * hyped about bf3 does n't help me at all - it was the game that i was anticipating for five bloody years . 
  while bf4 fixed a lot of these issues ( especially with the introduction of classic mode ) , i still consider that there should be some changes still to be made . 
  but that 's a whole different discussion so let 's not get into that . 
  agreed , tf2 still has 60-70k daily peaks , which is * a lot * . 
  there are n't too many out there which can reach that , regardless of the platform . 
   the grenade spam was nowhere near bf3/bf4 levels . 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  i suppose that you do n't remember how everybody got 4 nades when they spawned , and these nades had a massive blast radius and they most likely killed you with a single hit . 
  not to mention that supports could instantly resupply so a lot of support players used their nades as a primary weapon . 
  so your argument is that nade spamming happens because of smaller map design . 
  i must disagree on this one . 
  if you have ever played a small map like , let 's say great wall 16 , which is roughy the size of op locker , then you would know the horrors of nade spam . 
  if you spawned on a contested flag then you were at an extreme risk to die to a nade at any given second - there were like half a dozen dedicated naders per team on that map . 
  and since there were n't vehicles on that map . . let it rain on infantry !, 
  eh , it was n't too expensive . 
  the game is currently too ct-sided so making ct 's suffer economically * even more * is a great thing . 
  this combined with cz should give ts an edge . 
  from my experience karkand is on-par with maps like metro or locker in terms nade-spamming , but only because those maps are literally tunnels . 
  i would say that infantry only-karkands are even worse since you do n't spare those nades for vehicles . 
  but when you play bf2 on a map that is even slightly smaller , it is almost like hell on earth . 
  it 's almost as bad as when you are holding your last flag as chinese on wake island while 2-3 jets are bombing the shit out of you while a chopper and tanks are raining death upon you . 
  and why ? 
  because bf2 nades do so bloody much damage and it is pretty hard to spot a nade that landed near you , that 's why . 
  yes , i do say that karkand 64 equals locker 64 . 
  i mean , it 's easier to avoid nades in bf4 while they are less deadly in terms of killing power . 
  bf2 nades however are not used to lock down corridors - their job is to kill enemies . 
  and i do remember them being much deadlier than in bf4 . 
  did you just start capping a flag ? 
  well , you 'd better wary of nade pounding !, 
  did the match just start ? 
  expect nades upon first contact . 
  let 's just say that one of us remembers bf2 nades incorrectly , ok ? 
  just like i said , bf4 nades are better at holding corridors since certain maps are designed that way , but they are much easier to avoid than bf2 nades . 
  you get a clear indication that there 's grenade next to you and you do n't have to run away too far in order to avoid . 
  in bf2 those nades are harder to detect , people spam them a lot in certain situations ( like initial skirmishes at karkand or clearing out people whom are capturing a flag ) and they * will kill you * unless you manage to spot them and * if * you have time to run away in time . 
  this along with other overpowered explosives ( like tank shells , jet bombs and claymores ) caused me a lot of frustration in that game . 
  see what i mean ? 
  aside from holding chokepoints , bf4 nades are n't the best way to deal with enemies in most situations . 
  how many times you have you been killed by nades in more open maps ? 
  i do n't think that the number is very high , especially when compared to bf2 counterparts . 
  and once you stop avoiding those chokepoints in metro/locker ( or stop playing those maps in the first place ) , you should n't have too many deaths there either . 
  [ i think that you missed the point ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6b_7zrswwg ), 
  in my opinion you should rule out bullet drop as a factor when it comes to sniping . 
  you see , as a sniper you should know ranges on your sniper scope and you should be able to figure out ranges easily ( pld/range finder/pure experience ) . 
  if you know these factors then it does n't matter if the first interval on your 20x scope is 180 meters ( jng-90 ) or 250 meters ( srr-61 ) - you can put your crosshair on a right spot , dno matter what the range is . 
  and if you are just putting your crosshair slightly above head every single time ( depending on your gut feeling ) . . you are doing it wrong . 
  fair enough , if you are doing < 100 meter sniping then zeroing is not relevant at all - just put your scope directly or slightly above head . 
  and by zeroing i do n't mean pressing that zeroing button to change ranges to 200 or 300 , i mean that you know exact ranges on your scopes so you can pin-point it to a correct spot . 
  as a long-range sniper i can say that 150-250 meters are ideal ranges for sniping . 
  you can out-range most non-sniper weapons and get picks easily , while leading up your shots is n't too hard . 
  250-400 meters is still pretty easy , although in order to get consecutive kills your target must stand still - stationary snipers are trivial targets and you 'd better wait other targets to stop moving . 
  after 400 meters landing your shots may be a bit harder , but far from what i 'd call non-viable . 
  zeroing your scope is not what you are supposed to do . 
  it 's ineffective and inferior when compared to knowing your ranges , and there are multiple reasons for that . 
  first of all , zeroing takes time .
