  [ here 's the replay ] ( http://alb-replays.info/rdbeta/php/api.php?download=1631 ) in case you 're interested . 
  you 're free to decide whether i fought like a coward or not . 
  this . 
  the latest patch was the first major content update , and the game got launched in like . . april ? 
  it 's good that they take take is slow , polishing the game and all that . 
  but the downside is obvious , though . 
  ontos , it 's like a tracked panserbil but deals hell of a lot more damage . 
  a stack of four can literally destroy everything on the ground when used properly , even superheavies . 
  leo 2a1 is one of the most price-efficient tanks in the game , making them quite popular . 
  the 65-point abrams on the other hand is an odd choice . 
  so few people playing ranked . . c'mon , man up and play that shit !, 
  or i suppose i 'm the weirdo here , hmph . 
  and now you will rebuild . 
  eventually you have built a prison which is stable . 
  after that it is all about designing more efficient/secure/aesthetical / whatever prisons when you figure things that you 've overlooked . 
  you seriously replying to 2-month-old threads ? 
  unfortunately you are n't letting anyone to be known about it . 
  you see , this thread is not visible unless someone specifically search for it as it is very old . 
  i only knew about as i posted the thread and your message appeared in my inbox . 
  really ? 
  him explaining shittons of things about prothean empire and the about the fall of it was n't that important ? 
  i beg to differ . 
  ** spoilers **, 
  like without dlc we were told that prothean empire was a civilization living in harmony with other societies , but in reality they just controlled things through dominance . 
  not to mention the whole thessia mission with javik where he tells you how protheans experimented with asari and did all sorts of nasty things for them . 
  sure , javik was just a soldier with limited information on matters but he still provided hell of a lot information . 
  i mean , protheans were a mysterious part of the game who were gradually elaborated throughout the franchise , but the dlc arguably added the biggest chunk of information about them . 
  sniping helis etc. 
  is mostly down to luck . 
  you ca n't predict wholly how the chopper will move - a slightest change on the velocity/movement completely decides whether your shot will land . 
  you can decrease this randomness by shooting at closer ranges & using snipers with high muzzle velocity , but your shots are still taken mostly with chance . 
  i think figuring the artstyle is the key here . 
  these sprite models turned into 3d models look like the same turd in the earliest firaxis concepts . 
  it need n't be the same as in xcom 2012 but there must be something to make it distinctive as plenty of old-school 2d titles remade in 3d look fugly . 
  oh and i think that making time units work in 3d is also important . 
  firaxis could n't figure it , so i wonder if goldhawk interactive can take up the challenge . 
  i highly recommend playing it . 
  origin has improved hell of a lot from its earliest days , and i can legitimately consider it being a good service . 
  oh and the ending thing . . well , it does n't ruin the journey that you will experience in the game . 
  yeah i did n't mean that it 's a technical limitation , but it 's more about making it in a way that combat is not sluggish . 
  they said that their ambitious ideas like camera etc simply were n't compatible with time units . 
  so yeah , it was a design choice i suppose . 
  of course , xenonauts 2 wo n't be as good firaxis titles in terms of production quality , but it would be foolish to expect that . 
  gameplay is the most important factor here and we 'll see if they can pull it off . 
  i remember in one alpha where devs mentioned that if a prisoner does n't plead guilty then there 's a chance that he has been wrongfully convicted for the crime . 
  this means that your max-sec murderer may actually be innocent , and in that case he may not be violent at all . 
  and i thought my gold medal with the flare gun was an achievement . . jesus . 
  this . . 
  so much this . 
  the vanilla version of the game is just a stroll in the park : you get fucked a few times but you will eventually finish the game without knowing truly on how the game works . 
  long war on the other hand is the ultimate challenge . 
  you absolutely must know all the details of the game ( and the new additions of the mod ) if you are playing with a decent difficulty . 
  i think normal is doable with limited knowledge , but brutal or even classic is just impossible to finish without prior knowledge . 
  build/research orders , alien ai behaviour , correct perks . . there 's just a lot to it . 
  i 'm the blue player here !, 
  this was a very good game indeed . 
  so my mindset was just to pour into bravo as i saw most of his force going into hotel . 
  win his main spawn with map control would 've much better trade with just losing the sidespawn . 
  unfortunately i did n't have anything to deal with that keiler since my fusiliers was taken by the cassiopees that my short arrow missed ( which happens like all the time . ), 
  i had most of the land under my control , but since i bluffed with my aa he managed to wreck everything with his tiger at the end . 
  i could 've won the game if that did n't happen . 
  on a sidenote , i wish you were more accurate with your castings . 
  i do appreciate your content but they 're just rather inaccurate with `` 105mm heat cannon '' etc , as these values mean practically nothing . 
  ap power , range . . these stats are imporant . 
  also , smg 's and carbines are superb in this game , a squad of commandos para will not manage to deal with a jaegere squad . 
  t-62 's are bad because a ) they have low rate of fire and b ) they have bad accuracy , making them totally useless . 
  this is an issue with most low-end soviet tanks . 
  for more in-depth information watch [ patton 's video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvxqutgb-vc ) on how to build sovkor armored . 
  this video explains quite a lot of things . 
  here 's my latest iteration of my blufor ranked deck . 
  i really , really tried my best to like my blufor moto , but it just did n't work out . 
  so i returned to my general deck and here 's the results . 
  nothing special about logistics tab . 
  infantry tab , i am still relying on my rock-solid canadian airborne . 
  i do like the grizzly since +2 availability and the browning is solid firesupport , but now i have plenty of autocannons in my deck so i think the 2 frontal armor is more suitable for this deck . 
  stormers come with cheap anti-infantry autocannons , pansarskyttes come with a transport that is more suitable against vehicles . 
  the reason why i brought is unit is because of at-4 . 
  i did my best with fusiliers '90 but the warrior line-up is just so bad . 
  then there 's sapeurs . . these are for towns obviously , but i am not sure about these because i am pretty much fucked against spetsnaz spam in wonsan harbour in any case . 
  ca n't wait that turd to be removed from ranked mappool . 
  support : i really tried to play with short arrow , but the accuracy on that thing was unacceptable . 
  good ol' chappy with 6he missiles against pesky cassiopees should do the trick . 
  trying out oeil noir as i find it very solid for only 35 points . 
  i do like my roland 3 , with this thing and few other aa pieces the plane will not survive the bombing run . 
  the ammo capacity is also a big plus . 
  no mortars in this deck , i rarely used them . 
  superheavy and the god-like k1 . 
  i keep my k1 downvetted as i do occasionally run out of them if there 's only 7 . 
  not enough activation points for leo 1a5 or something . 
  jaegere '90 with 875m carl gustav has proven to be very efficient , so i do like it . 
  a new addition to my deck is tits , which is surprisingly effective with its 4he cannon , decent atgm and amphibious capabilities . 
  replaced my apache with my sea hawk . 
  they both run the same atgm , and i just find apache being too expensive for that role . 
  then there 's my ah-1j for standard gunship missions , and it is quite expendable unit unlike apache . 
  ca n't aim laser-guided bombs for shit so my harrier is back . 
  2 veteran with two 50 % 30ap missiles is a solid deal . 
  could be faster but when used properly with recon helos it 's not a big deal . 
  what does bf4 have anything to do with realism ? 
  i 've been using norwegian riflemen as these cost 20 points when they come in nm135 , the 10pt autocannon transport . 
  in comparison to j\u00e4gers they get the m72a4 instead of pzf 44 , less accuracy & range but twice the firerate .
