  we 'll see how long can they stay on the run . 
   round 28 , jw has $ 9500, 
  no , he did n't go for the kill due to money . 
  perhaps he thought that he had damaged him enough that a single lunge would kill him ? 
  or maybe just a taunt kill ? 
  i dunno , but it was n't the money . 
  this actually is n't a bad deck by any means !, 
  i could easily see myself playing with a deck like this . 
  however , here 's how i would improve it , and why :, 
  log : drop the iltis cp and swap it with lav-c2 . 
  it costs only 10 points more but it is more resilient against mortars and such since it has 10 health and 1 armor on all sides . 
  infantry cv should come in grizzly/bizon for the same reason as well . 
  drop the fob , more on that later . 
  inf : drop the light riflemen ' 90 . 
  they are good in only one niche role : killing light vehicles . 
  super dragon can only one-hit kill 1 armor while m240 is n't great either . 
  they have only regular training as well so they will panic easily . 
  add us marines '90 in lvpt-7a1 . 
  good shock infantry which comes in an excellent grenade launcher transport . 
  consider the same transport to smaw as well - it 's slower , but is a lot more useful in combat than the humvee . 
  support : drop the atacms . 
  while that unit is quite amazing , it relies depends on a fob . 
  as mentioned , i would drop the fob and add a bomber to your deck instead . 
  you also need some mortars : they 're cheap and can drop smoke/suppress targets for a cheap price . 
  tank : drop both the m8 ags and m1ip . 
  while they are both good units , leopard c2 fulfills ( mostly ) both of their roles as a medium tank , and it 's one of the best in it 's class . 
  upvet it . 
  add m1a1 ( hc ) - the meta favours more expensive tanks ( and units in general ) , so you should use them as well . 
  recon : bring navy seals in v-150 . 
  again , it 's better have slightly armored & 10hp vehicle than a flimsy jeep . 
  one unlucky mortar shell could kill your unit instantly . 
  also , i personally bring recce in a heli . 
  it 's just fast and it can move to enemy flanks swiftly . 
  the job of a sniper team is to spot , not to fight . 
  if you can get one to enemy spawn then you have a massive advantage !, 
  vehicle : looks pretty good . 
  upvet your units . 
  ontos could be replaced by m728 cev , but not necessarily . 
  flame tanks are very good in certain situations if you know how to use them . 
  heli : it 's good . 
  as you may have figured , longbow is your primary at chopper . 
  ah-1s could be downvetted , i doubt that you need 10 of them . 
  plane : as i mentioned earlier , you need a he bomber . 
  these units can save your ass in a plenty of situations , like when the enemy is pushing with infantry . 
  i recommend either f15d , nighthawk or the intruder . 
  f15d has the biggest payload , nighthawk has expectional stealth ( but easy to shoot down when spotted ) and intruder is the cheapest , and you get 3 of them . 
  my personal choice would be f15d . 
  also , swap the electric voodoo with the prowler . 
  the missiles are just a lot better . 
  you got to be kidding me . 
  after playing the game for hundreds of hours & watching the gameplay for a couple dozen hours or so i 've never seen them . 
  now i know better . 
  first i thought that eugen left this abomination out of the game for good . 
  thanks for clearing up that it 's just a transport for that . . thing . 
  learning to play wargame is like exercising : there 's no easy way around it , only a long , rocky route . 
  you need to play about a hundred hours in order to get a proper hold of the game , but after that it 'll become a lot easier . 
  there 's so many aspects about the game that you need to learn , such as all the unit stats , concepts of attacking and defending , which units are good and which are not , what are the counters for certain units , how to use recon , anti-air , smoke . . it can be very hard for a newbie to grasp why he 's failing since he 's typically doing multiple things wrong . 
  here 's what i 'd do : start playing on `` noobs only '' lobbies and such . 
  you should get a fair match , at least to some degree . 
  watch demoes of your matches . 
  figure out what were the key moments that caused your defeat . 
  try to avoid the same mistake in the next game . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  [ that 's nothing compared to this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xtpfajsf94 ), 
  and yes , both of them died in the crash . 
  yup . 
  when you 've been given few seconds you do n't even have time to panic since it 'll be all over in a heartbeat . 
  truly horrifying . 
  it definitely was some sort of missile , because there was only a single hit . 
  it was probably a manpad , most likely igla or even strela . 
  the explosion was not strong enough to blow it mid-air so it was n't a heavy sam like buk , but it managed to throw it off balance . 
  that 's a ukrainian mi-24 flying over rebel-controlled territory in august 2014 , which was a time for a major offensive from the ukrainian army . 
  in the video the heli gets shot by the rebel/russian forces , which is one of the many aircraft that ukraine has lost in the war . 
  now that the russia has supplied the rebels with advanced aa systems such [ pantsir s1 ] ( http://www.armamentresearch.com/russian-96k6-pantsir-s1-air-defence-system-in-ukraine/ ) ( which is pretty much a tunguska on steroids ) , ukrainian forces have no business in the rebel airspace . 
  the prisoners that leave have completed their sentences . 
  each year in the game equals 5 days , so if the guy gets a two-year sentence he 'll leave after 10 in-game days . 
  if you take in minimum/medium prisoners a lot then you will have prisoners leaving constantly , since their sentences are rather short . 
  when the prisoner is about to get released it 's shown at the top-left corner in the todo-list . 
  perhaps you 're looking for big rigs : over the road racing ? 
  [ you get fucked . 
  and everyone else as well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3clgikgeao&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=12m26s ), 
  press y to overwatch , b to hunker down , r to reload . 
  and 1 is always the fire button ( unless your magazine is empty , duh . ), 
  you 're welcome . 
  the reload animation occurs if you 're not in cover . 
  hk might 've been k , but that 's beside the point . 
  and steady weapon ? 
  it can be forgiven since it 's a lw feature . 
  you have to keep in mind that there 's no modding tools for xcom so the modding experience is gimped . 
  surely they would had implemented a hotkey for the steady weapon if it was possible , right ? 
  airborne physics are just so stupid in this game . 
  did you just drive into a teeny weeny gravel lump ? 
  too bad - your 1200kg rally car is now going to have some * serious * air time !, 
  i understand that you should be punished if you drive a bit off-road , but this is just beyond absurd . 
  i was just pulling your leg , mate . 
  big rigs is arguably the worst video game ever made . 
  yes !!, 
  and on top of that increase gravity ( but not grip ) .
