  a sniper , even when sniping at long range , should not be stationary prone . 
  they are plain trivial targets against decent players . 
  it literally takes a couple seconds to aim and shoot players like this in the head consecutively . 
  as a sniper , you should be standing and crouching on an uphill in a way that only your head is exposed . 
  spot your target with q or pld , figure out the range , know the exact amount of bullet drop in your sniper , aim at the correct position , wait him to stop or run steadily , and finally take the shot . 
  after doing that or when you 've stood still for a few seconds you should take cover and preferably peek at a slightly different location - ** always assume that an enemy sniper is aiming at you . 
  ** by doing this you will always be a tough target and the inevitable shot has a great chance of missing , and after you can retaliate in a proper way by either running to cover and/or figuring his location and shoot back . 
  not that these players would understand anything about that . 
  they 're completely braindead and giving decent snipers a bad reputation ,, 
  let me guess - you are one of those people who drive their tanks into close quarters just so that they could capture stuff , only to be blown up by c4 in a heartbeat . 
  all classes and vehicles have their strengths and weakness which defines their roles , and snipers are n't suitable for capturing stuff . 
  a decent sniper can keep an entire flag and areas surrounding it pinned , even on normal/classic . 
  he can give you little to no breathing room as he can start popping your heads if you expose yourselves even slightly . 
  and if you get frustrated and leave the flag then the route is clear for his attacking teammates . 
  ye there 's an autoloader , one of the reasons for them being awesome . 
  they would have the same profile but you ca n't move to cover quickly after taking a shot . 
  if you are prone then you are an easy target against good snipers . 
  as i said , the best spot for sniping is always an uphill - you peek above a peak just enough that only your head is exposed , and you can get behind the mound between each shot . 
  except an uphill is n't always silhouetting against the skyline , if there 's a bigger hill behind you et cetera . 
  a rock or any piece of cover actually do , as long as you can peak by only showing your head and being able get in cover instantly . 
  besides , the skyline is n't that terrible cover . 
  you are instantly spotted by spamming q in normal or using pld in classic/hardcore . 
  and if someone needs a skyline to spot infantry then i will just assume that their aim is so bad that they will miss anyway . 
  have you played bf3 on pc ? 
  then you would know how most bf3 maps were abysmal with 64 players . 
  i really , really hated the fact that most maps were designed with consoles in mind and the maps ended up being chokepoint spamming shitfests with more than 32 players . 
  dice really dropped the ball imo with maps like seine crossing , grand bazaar and operation metro . 
  at least they made bf4 maps with conquest in mind , which does hurt rush players though . 
  certain maps should have been designed specifically for certain gamemodes instead of having all of these weird mixes that bf3 had . 
  bc1 and bc2 had maps specifically for both rush and conquest , and that worked really well . 
  older battlefield titles were designed completely for either conquest or conquest : assault , and that worked just phenomenally . 
  and on top of that both bf3 and bf4 are saturated with gamemodes that nobody cares about , and which do n't work with the maps at all . 
  well , if this involves less child abuse then i 'd be down with it . 
  yup , guess i 've misinterpreted the situation . 
  courtenay taylor ? 
  yay !, 
  the a.i is back , boys !, 
  yes . 
  there 's 500 + consecutive players during prime time . 
  it ai n't that healthy when compared to other games but it 's alright , especially when compared to alb . 
  really ? 
  that 's strange . . 
  i have never ever ever seen more than 700 players online . 
  i find it hard to believe that i have never logged in during those hours even after 300 hours of gameplay . 
  hmm , maybe that 's just how it is . 
  i was talking about people who were logged in . 
  no wonder . 
  that 's weird . 
  i 'm pretty sure i have logged in during eu prime time as i do live in eu . 
  it would be silly if i had n't , but it seems more and more that it 's the case . 
  better check it today , then . 
  general redfor is the best . 
  you get your cheap and amazing mot schutzen , elite carbines aka komandosi and yuck ' 90 , both li jian '90 and spetsnaz , excellent aa options , good tanks and you get all the support infantry as well . 
   if you look at any other gaming subreddit , it 's mostly filled with news and interesting strategies about the game and not centered around showing off the various bugs . 
  solitary doors ? 
  what if a prisoners manages to snatch keys ? 
  you should be using remote doors for extra security . 
  the game is not similar to world in conflict , even though the wargame is considered being a similar to it . 
  sure , both are set during cold war and they share many same units but that 's where the differences end . 
  this game is realistic in multiple ways . 
  it takes many aspects of real-life warfare and turns them into a video game that is not a real war game . 
  for example , tanks have long-range cannons that deal very good damage . 
  the most expensive tanks have nearly impenetrable frontal armor , which can be blown with high-end anti-tank missiles , your own heavy tanks or a hit to the side armor . 
  infantry are suited for close quarters and gets shredded on open fields , apc 's and ifv 's have a primary role of carrying infantry and ca n't take barely any damage vs tanks and such , but some of them are equipped with autocannons , machineguns and even anti-tank missiles . 
  helicopters are good against tanks , vehicles and infantry , but they do get shredded by aa pieces in a heartbeat . 
  and planes ? 
  they have different roles too , and ca n't take much damage either vs anti-air and air superiority fighters . 
  there 's also reconnaissance , which is one of the most unique parts of the game . 
  there is no fog of war in the game , but you may not see the enemy units if they are far away , hiding in forestlines or in cities - this means that they can fire at you while you ca n't even see them . 
  to counter this you need to use your recon teams , which might be helicopters , vehicles or even infantry . 
  they are your scouts , which can spot enemy movement , just like in real life . 
  the amount of units is also a major thing - there are about a thousand different units in the game for 17 countries . 
  they fulfill a lot of different roles , even on the same categories . 
  like aa for instance , there 's two main categories - aa guns and aa missiles . 
  aa guns split into non-radar and radar guided - the radar one deals more damage , but is targetable by enemy sead missile . 
  then they also vary in like how many rounds they can fire per minute , what is their range , how accurate they are , are they on fast wheeled or slow tracked platform , how much do they cost . . learning these statistics and knowing their roles is important - you need to know what your deck ( a set of units which you create and bring into multiplayer battle ) must be composed of . 
  the difficulty . . let 's just say that it 's quite brutal . 
  getting the game solely for campaign is n't worth it , and the mp scene will whoop your ass if you do n't know what you are doing . 
  it takes some time to get good at . 
  however , there 's one thing that makes this rts above all others , and that is that is the minuscule amount of micro required . 
  the game is mostly about strategy , tactics , and right unit compositions . 
  also , no macroing - the game is purely about combat . 
  if you really suck at rts due to poor micro skills ( like me ) then you can still be good , or even decent at this game . 
  i 'll be honest here - the game does n't have that many players due to the fact that many , if not most people quit during the learning progress . 
  there are so many pubstompers who are solely seeking to bash inexperienced players - learning to avoid these people by checking their stats is the best way to go . 
  and because of this we are yearning ~ ~ fresh meat ~ ~ new players . 
  eh , i find montages being dull . 
  i mean , in most montages the player is quite average and the players being killed are not very good or just outright bad . 
  there 's not really much excitement watching a decent player having a few flashy moments against bad players - the kills often are possible not because the player was good , but because his opponents were doing everything wrong . 
  editing that stuff is just worthless as the footage itself has no value . 
  the only montages/moments i do enjoy watching are the cs : go pro matches . 
  in those matches it is the very best playing against each other , and managing to kill 4 or even 5 of them in a round is more often than not quite impressive , which is something that i could never accomplish . 
  and even then the moments are often possible because the opponent messed up - maybe just slightly , but even the tiniest mistakes can ruined an entire round at that level . 
  the feet are even worse . . straight out of minecraft . 
  hmm . . you could try out playing ranked , just like i did . 
  imo this is the best way to play for a variety of reasons . 
  it 's purely your skill , strategy and unit composition vs your opponent . 
  if you get wrecked then it 's purely your fault or just bad rng ( or just a cheesy heli rushes which has only soft counters , fuck em . ), 
  and because of this you can analyze your game every time and try to improve from there . 
  you do n't get to choose opponents , and you will probably stick around at a low rank for a while .
