  it has the best autocannon for a wheeled transport ( most tracked vehicles have a worse one too ) , and the grenade launcher stunning makes it a brutal combination that can defy everything , even tanks in some scenarios . 
  btr-90 makes all other ussr autocannon transports obsolete , especially since you have a large availability of them . 
  it definitely needs to be nerfed , i doubt anyone can disagree with that . 
  that and ussr also gets arguably the two most broken planes in the game , mig-25pd and mig-27 . 
  they also get b-5 if they go sovkor ( which is balanced imo if you could get only one per card , just like f-111c ) . 
  there 's solid reasons why ussr is by far the most popular faction among the best players . 
  this right here . 
  i do n't mind that some factions get some super units , the problem is just that you just get so bloody many of them . 
  one card of these things and players would have to think whether they want extra quantity with morskayas or go with the deadly gru+btr -90 scout combination . 
  there 's practically no incentive or limitations to use anything other than btr-90 if you want autocannon transports . 
  same goes with b-5 , an excellent unit which punishes for not deploying aa , but two of these things is just too much . 
  it seems people are downvoting the truth here . 
  go and ask from a top-end player if ussr is the best faction , he will give you a positive answer . 
  their statistics also tell from themselves - top 20 players or so are playing dominantly redfor in ranked ( and very few , if any players are dedicated rd players , nobody plays eb seriously ) , and the ones who have a dominant blufor percentage are mostly ex-players afaik . 
  eurocorps is a good contender for the best faction , but falls only a bit short . 
  red dragons performs better than ussr in some categories ( medium tanks , aa helo , tanke shashou etc. 
  ) , but lacks in plenty of important areas like good asf and long-range aa . 
  i do n't ask a massive banhammer for ussr , just tone it down in some broken areas that makes the faction extremely powerful . 
  reduce btr-90 to one card ( just like marder 2 ) , remove heat from mig-27 cannon , make pd 's slightly more expensive , reduce the availability of smerch and buratino 1 per card ( just like atacms . ), 
  it still would be the best redfor coalition in the game but not as much as before as its best tools would had been limited in terms of quantity . 
  but that would n't be realistic , lav-25 can transport only 3 +6 people in real life honhonhon ( compared to btr-70 / btr-80 / btr-90 with 3 +7 ) . 
  sovkor is pretty much ussr with few toys from nk , namely yuckjeondae '90 and b-5 . 
  because of this i do n't treat sovkor and ussr as a separate entity , they 're just slightly different variations which all comes down to personal preference on which one you choose . 
  and no decent player uses eb when they 're playing seriously . 
  it 's a decent faction with strenghts like plenty of carbine infantry but it does n't have any good super units and no wheeled autocannon transports etc. 
  it 's not viable for super serious play , and that pretty much determines how good the faction is . 
  i might be a shitter ( only captain in ranked ) , but my statements are backed by patton . 
  and just like i said , eb does n't have the means to deal with ussr when two players are on equal ground . 
  the high-end tanks are pretty neat , but nothing special . 
  asf 's are alright like the czechoslovakian 100-pointer , but it is completely outmatched by pd . 
  atgm planes have nothing on broken mig-27 , which nearly always manages to kill a superheavy in a single gun run ( for 90 points only ) . 
  infantry is solid , but the transports give a big edge for ussr . 
  nothing special here either . 
  so just like i said , eb is viable ( like all factions ) but you are at a disadvantage against ussr . 
  no burrito , no extremely efficient planes , no solid autocannon transports . . et cetera . 
  nothing that would make me say `` i want to play seriously , so let me just pick eb because it does something important better than that faction . '', 
  now i am sorry if i do n't want to artifically gimp myself when playing rank , and that makes me a bad player i guess . 
  i suppose patton , the mod of this subreddit and nearly all other top players of the leaderboard suck too i guess . 
  su-24m comes with one of the highest payloads in the game . 
  it 's good , but not op . 
  mig-27 is not invulnerable but it can , and will kill your superheavies unless you spot it early . 
  this forces you not to show your premium tanks at all until you have taken down the migs . 
  at least with other atgm planes ( aside from top-end f&f models ) you have a decent chance of surviving . 
  and heat cannon with massive rpm for 90pt 2x veteran per card is not op ? 
  dude what are you smoking or are you really that ignorant ? 
  and pd is just a steal for 90 point . 
  2x elite for 90 points is just a cruel joke . 
  for bluefor you get something comparable only at 120 points or so . 
  it 's not as bad mig-27 , but still . 
  and eb tanks are decent , but nothing special . 
  not that the quality of superheavies really matter outside of large maps , and in those 6x 170pt + sovkor superheavies wreak havoc . 
  m2a2 is n't that good . 
  you only get bad infantry with it , its autocannon is inferior to many others and it is pricey . 
  the only reason why would you get it is the tow 2 missile , but that takes up your inf slot ( and you can get the amazing recon bradley which does the same job ) . 
  8x gru is n't exclusive to gru , it 's on all recon sf . 
  so in that sense it is not a bad situation by any means . 
  and i 'm not sure you why you bring the marder 2 argument . 
  you get only 1 card of these while you can get 3 cards of btr-90 's . 
  and cv90s ? 
  well they share the same issues than many other bluefor ifv 's : they 're tracked , they usually come with shitty line inf , they 're good vs vehicles but against infantry they 're nothing compared to btr-90 . 
  cv90 should also be a counter against btr but i have lost a good number of duels against one because of stunlock . 
  * it 's still one of the better blufor ifv 's and not bad by any means . 
  i disagree . 
  planetside 2 , which is just an arcade shooter just like battlefield 4 is , has a similar system and it works well . 
  but in that game tho you purchase vehicles with resources that you have earned , so it needs to be slightly tweaked - maybe you get to own it for like a minute or so after bailing out ? 
  the statistics shown in-game are very deceiving , and you should n't trust them at all . 
  you can check the real statistics from the stats spreadsheet . 
  open that link with google sheets or whatever . 
  all primary weapons work similarly depending on weapon tipe and the training level of the squad ( expect for g-11 . ), 
  battle rifles work pretty well on open ground and at distance , but at cities they 're quite poor weapons . 
  expect smg 's and carbines deal more damage once they get into close range , and at cqc they will just melt their opponents . 
  shock smg 's can carbines can surpass the elite battle rifles too in city fights . 
  this fact combined with mediocre lmg does make kustj\u00e4gare far from an ideal anti-inf unit . 
  they 're not even good as at while the '90 version is just superb for that role . 
  they do not fulfill the same roles but they 're the best transports by far in their roles . 
  marder 2 specializes in killing other transports and even tanks up close . 
  10 armor and 6ap cannon makes it a brutal ifv , and it is good against inf too because it can take a shot or two . 
  btr-90 on the other hand is an excellent anti-infantry ifv . 
  gl + autocannon combo deals insane amounts of dps and it can stunlock infantry very quickly ( often they 're shaken or panicked when taking the first rpg shot , missing that makes them dead ) . 
  the stunlock works for vehicles and tanks too , and because of that i 've lost duels against it with statistically superior ifv 's like cv90 numerous times . 
  so yeah , they 're not exactly same but they 're both very powerful vehicles , and because of that i do n't understand why btr-90 gets three cards . 
  not to mention it is wheeled , it 's an excellent scout , and you can choose a large variety of infantry to be transported with it ( marder 2 is stuck with panzergrens , not that it 's a bad unit ) . 
  well , if you do n't find su-24m decent enough you can always go sovkor . 
  just like i said earlier , sovkor is ussr with a couple solid units from nk , and it 's suited for those who desire them . 
  il-2 is also an option . 
  it 's quite expensive , the bomb spread can miss occasionally a couple units but 14x500kg is not a joke . 
  i find it better against dodging infantry . 
  nobody takes spetsnaz in btr-90 's for that reasons tho . 
  it 's nearly always gru and morskayas . 
  that 's alone is 13 btr-90 's , and you can always have an extra card of them - motostrelki '90 alone gives you 13 of them . 
  limiting these yo a single card would force the player to really think if they want the brutal scout team ( gru+btr -90 ) or the quantity with morskaya pekhotas or motostrelki ' 90 . 
  the others would have to settle with btr-80a , which still comes up with a very efficient autocannon . 
  expect when the top players of this game agree that not playing ussr puts you in a disadvantage , there must be an issue . 
  currently ranked at higher levels is plain dominated by ussr with eurocorps and red dragons occasionally here and there . 
  of course , a lot of whining is unreasonable , but the evidence and statistics are there to prove this claim true . 
  pardon me for wanting more factions to be more viable . 
  edit : man this downvote spam is annoying . 
  i guess it 's coming from players who have n't even watched decent ranked matches . 
  the people being the highest on ranked leaderboard ? 
  the statistics speak for themselves : most people have a dominant redfor percentage ( and only a couple play red dragons , namely firestarter ) , and a big chunk of those who have bigger blufor percentage do n't play the game anymore .
