  the only ** good ** ww2 shooter which was released was red orchestra 2 and its stand-alone expansion , rising storm . 
  [ haha . . hahaha . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc7jillox-g ), 
  yup , it did n't repair anything . 
  no , i did n't . 
  it 's 64-bit windows , checked that from dxdiag . 
  and with my logic 32-bit programs should work on 64-bit platforms . . 
  no , i do n't . 
  that 's why i 'm trying to install my motherboard drivers . 
  they 're in there , right ? 
  so where 's the model number usually ? 
  i tried to search it from the internet but i could n't . . 
  i found this code written on tape . 
  it was on the thingy which has ethernet slot & usb ports . 
  u fuckin hacker sovietloser reported !!, 
  this is coming from a player who has played on both platforms , an the answer is . . 
  get the pc . 
  mouse and keyboard offer you so amazing precision that is practically impossible on consoles . 
  if the controller was a good platform for fps , then why would they have auto-aim ? 
  also , when you join the pc side you will notice some other nice perks of it : cheaper games , amazing sales , much more exclusives , tons of indie titles , no online fees ( expect wow and other subscription-based games ) , better graphics and framerates , the opinion to choose what you want for your pc & gear , amazing mods , lots of f2p games , full compability on older titles , better community services . . 
  the only `` con '' i would have with pc is that it 's more complex : no , it 's not rocket science . 
  from early on it might seem like it but this is definitely not the case . 
  and you 'll learn once you use it !, 
  also , most of the programs nowadays have auto-updates and many of these fix themselves if something gets corrupted . 
  most of the people who talk about how complex pcs are , there viruses and hardware gets outdated in one year . . that 's just trash-talking . 
  also , you can play with your controller on your pc if you want to !, 
  i do use controller for driving games , but do n't even consider using them on fpses . . you will get wrecked . 
  i have actually left ps2 for other games and i come back seldom . 
  if the next performance patch is good , then i 'll definitely come back !, 
  100 % agreed . 
  i used to love bf too . 
  it just was so amazing pc title , and no other game out there could even match it . 
  then the bf3 came with its false promises . . 
  and the fan-base . 
  oh my god the fanbase . 
  new playerbase goes hostile against anybody who has any negative feedback on bf3 . 
  and because of this dice never really had to fix the main gameplay issues . 
  also , these called `` true gamers '' think they are above everybody , but in reality they are the same whining assholes like the cod players are , even worse i 'd say . 
  after the massive dissapointment of bf3 i saw ps2 : it was exactly what i was looking for !, 
  a true sequel for battlefield franchise if you ask from me . 
  just wait for the next big thing come out : these arrogant fanboys will be the first ones leaving bf and they 'll start bashing it heavily too . 
  lies . 
  dice never delivered core features from older titles , such as voip and commander . 
  then some design choices are questionable such as linear map design , hilariously op assault , customization options , m16a3 . . 
  so we really ca n't say that bf3 was any different than ps2 . 
  well the beta is fucked up in terms of performance . . my buddy has 7850 and he gets shit performance no matter what graphical quality . 
  we 'll see how it actually runs when it comes out . 
  i dunno man . . he did n't went into details . 
  i played manhunt when i was 9 and before that i played stuff like red faction , gta 3 and etc. . 
  so yeah , no worries m8 !, 
  we call this `` tactical superiority . '', 
  i really ca n't say that it will be the game of the year , not for sure . 
  we 've had so many amazing games this year such as the last of us and bioshock : infinite . 
  what 's so special about gta ? 
  i mean sure , they 're good games and i liked them but . . 
  i just do n't get how they 're being treated like god games . 
  i guess the attractiviness comes from the open-world wackiness and destroying stuff , good characters and pop-culture references . 
  when i ask about why it is so great i never get a good answer . 
  `` duh , it 's gta . 
  graphics are better this time and there are some new side-activities . '', 
  also , if any other game than gta v had performance issues like that it would get bashed to the ground and the score would get reduced noticeably . 
  but since this is gta , that is irrelevant . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'll delete my post then and post pics next time . 
  i 'm not defending battlepacks or anything but me3 mp had these battlepacks too . 
  and they were definitely not pay2win . 
  you could get one after you played like 1-2 game , and if you wanted all items you had to buy like hundreds of them . 
  but i guess the $ 3 pricetag for them was acceptable since the focus on the game was on sp , but the mp got loads of dlc which was all free . 
  bf4 however costs $ 110 for all content and then they are asking more money . . 
  i ca n't say it is acceptable even if they 're not p2w . 
  i am still unsure . . bf3 was a massive dissapointment , but bf4 seems to fix the main issues : better map design , commander and voip back . . the question is that can we call it bf3 .5 or bf4 ? 
  i guess i wo n't buy it unless my friends buy it for something . 
  i must test the beta first though . 
  i think it was fun in me3 when you finally got that nice loot . . sure , you had to grind early on low levels but once you got like cerberus harrier than gold was piece of cake . 
  and bf4 . . at least this time you ca n't unlock one-time consumables . 
  i agree with you that bf system ( which was implemented by cod 4 ? ), 
  is great , but we 'll see how 's bf4 handles it . 
  there 's a taste of greed about it , and that bothers me the most . 
  `` how many times have you invited friend to ur house '', 
  oh boy , dozens of time . 
  nothing is more fun than playing with your friend on a lan party and playing all night , and waking up with a hangover and headache . 
  this peasant prob . 
  has been bullied in school and he wants to feel better by spitting lies . 
  shortcut kit came few months after bf3 release , and they gave you a chance to catch up with guys who have practically unlocked everything . 
  this however , is not the same . 
  it can take you dozens of battlepacks before you can unlock the best sight for your favorite gun . 
  you can either grind the game and patiently wait for getting that , or you can just pay some extra . . 
  i do not accept it . 
  $ 110 for all content and asking for more after that ? 
  i would accept this if this was a bloody f2p game , but it is n't !, 
  i guess so . . 
  i 'm op on that post but it does n't seem to be removed . . but it just does n't appear anywhere !, 
  also , dice dev removed his post in it . . 
  i smell something fishy about this . 
  [ nooooooooooooooo ] ( http://nooooooooooooooo.com/ ), 
  since you mentioned that you like bioshock : infinite , what about mass effect trilogy ? 
  the whole single-player story will last about 50-60 hours , and there 's a lot of replay value , at least the 2nd playthrough wo n't be repetitive . 
  also , the mp on me3 was loads of fun . 
  you might like it for few hours , dozens of hours or you might not like it at all . 
  the story itself is n't anything astonishing , but the me universe you get to discover and especially the characters . . amazing !, 
  i had my doubts when i started playing me , since the first missions were n't that impressive but oh boy how i was wrong . .
