  by the way , what scope do you prefer ? 
  i was looking for long-range lmg . . 
  2x is my favourite too . . but i dunno if it 's best for the tmg, 
  unfortunately , that is true . 
  i have tested nc and your weapons are terrible . 
  excuse me , if i buy 50 % boost i get triple xp ? 
  well . . 
  i suppose i can get one also , i 'm going to buy 2500sc times 3, 
  but tobuscus fanbase is not fps-based . 
  it 's like selling porn magazines to women . 
  sure , some might enjoy it but selling them to men/fps players would be much more effective . 
  there are still lots of fps players who still know nothing about planetside 2 . 
  and that 's why it 's a terrible idea --, 
  actually , i was thinking i was browsing r/wtf . . 
  wait , how do you know all this ? 
  add me to the list !, 
  i have to disagree with this . 
  jaguar is better . 
  jaguar has only slightly worse fire-rate than trac-5 , very accurate hip-fire and almost none horizontal recoil at all . 
  this makes jaguar accurate full-auto in close , even in mid-range combat . 
  miller is always tr vs vs , and nc doing . . something . 
  that is a false . 
  we always do have a big conflict , while we and vs are bashing you . 
  damn , you just made wan na to play again bfbc campaigns . . 
  as a student too , most of the time tpb is my only option, 
  . . unfortunately, 
  i contacted soe 3 weeks ago because i lost my single-use weapon camouflages on my trac 5 carbines , because i trialed shotguns . 
  single-use camoes somehow equipped to shotguns while they were equipped to trac 5 . 
  still have n't got any refunds . . 
  i dunno what heppened but i had only two single-use camos , both of them we 're equipped on trac-5 , la and engineer . 
  the camo automatically equipped itself to shotguns , though i had them on my trac 5 . 
  i quitted the game while i had shotgun equipped , and the camos were gone . 
  i once trialed a shotgun before , quitted the but then i had trac-5 : s equipped , the camos stayed . 
  yes those women do n't have any idea what they 're talking about . 
  if you have a handgun you can reload it . 
  and , if you can hit critical spots , you can kill a person with only a one bullet . 
  that 's 13 kills with a pistol clip which has 13 rounds . 
  only thing that i agree with them is that the mental stability must be checked if you are buying the guns . 
  sure , in america , you have other ways to get guns , but this would prevent some cases . 
  mainly use it as an ammo-pack , but if you need to defend , you must place it to a place where enemy ca n't kill outside of your turrets effective range . 
  mossy is more agile than reaver and it 's also faster . 
  with that speed i have no problems chasing enemy aircraft with my interceptor build . 
  also , i almost never lose dogfight to reaver . 
  scytches are harder but against them i do n't get close , i try to fight them in a distance . 
  also , vs tank is not the superior one . 
  sure , it might accurate but i can somewhat easily dodge the shots . 
  and i do n't know exact stats , but 2 prowler shots matches one vanguard shot and mag shot is weaker than vanguard . 
  also , magrider does n't have any bonus armor . 
  mags strafing ability does give them ability in a fight however , but that does n't make them more superior . 
  i broke my ps3 controller 2 years ago . . then decided to buy better pc and better game . . and since that i have n't broke anything . 
  i just broke your secret my lord, 
  b+l+u+e - c+h+e+e+s+e, 
  this can lead into one conclusion . 
  half-life 3 confirmed , and you are testing it . 
  well , you can survive if you do n't get shot in organs or big veins . 
  it 's a great movie !, 
  [ here 's my favourite scene !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55d7gmlqxqc&amp;t=0m47s ), 
  nonono , lynx has tons of vertical recoil , while jaguar has no vertical recoil at all . 
  this allows jaguar become very accurate full-auto even in mid-range combat . 
  [ here 's a proof ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6ogmjboloi&amp;t=1m3s ), 
  agreed , the 4th me walkthrough just does n't feel that . . exciting . 
  it 's too late sorry . 
  majority of battlefield community is new to the series , so why the fuck dice should care about us anymore ? 
  bf3 went horribly wrong in so many ways . 
  i could make a huge post about this , but i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://www.mordorhq.com/showthread.php?3880-the-true-story-of-battlefield-3-the-battlefield-franchise-its-community-amp-ea-dice ) here . 
  please , read it . 
  and ps . 
  i loved bad company 2 . 
  bc2 was n't a true battlefield . 
  but it was a great game . 
  dice said that bf3 will be the true sequel of battlefield 2 . 
  but they lied to us . 
  or they tried , but they just screwed it up . 
  here 's my list of biggest problems :, 
  - map design . 
  all of the maps are designed for 64 player and 24 player conquests , rush and other game modes . 
  that just does n't work . 
  for pc , the maps are too small . 
  for consoles , the maps are too large . 
  and then there 's maps like metro , bazaar and seine , where they are designed like tubes , where there is almost none space to move or execute tactics and flanking . 
  take at look at the sharqi peninsula . 
  it 's well-designed city map where you can assault each flag from different ways , but still is a city map . 
  that map was designed in the year 2005 . 
  bf3 lacks these kinda maps . 
  also , battlefield 3 focuses too much on micro-destruction , where you ca n't turn the destruction into tactical advantage . 
  battlefield franchise would 've died because of mod tools . 
  after battlefield : vietnam , dice was in trouble . 
  they needed a new game , and fast , or the franchise would 've died . 
  they decided to hire those guys who made desert combat mod for bf1942 . 
  and then they made battlefield 2 , which saved the franchise . 
  now , they wo n't give us mod tools because `` they can be used to make hacks '' or `` technology is too advanced . '', 
  basically , they 're lying to us !, 
  they think we are dumb as fuck , and they treat us that way . 
  - constant lying . 
  as i mentioned one case earlier , dice is constantly lying to us . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.computerandvideogames.com/241306/dice-well-never-charge-for-battlefield-maps/ ) a news 2 years ago , dice promising that they will never charge us for battlefield maps , and free dlc is crucial . 
  and what we got so far ? 
  premium premium buy premium only 50 $ if you do n't buy fuck you . 
  and no free dlc at all .
