  i 'll keep those tips in my mind . 
  but do you know if the hate-fest is permanent ? 
  i stole 2 workers because i had two cities . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i had only 1 city state dow at the time . 
  after the 2nd dow 6-7 city-states gave me the -20 resting point ( i had made peace before i stole 2nd one . ), 
  well damn . 
  time to make tons of gold then i guess . 
  i also noticed that my influence is dropping by 2 . 
  i think i must now go for the culture victory or start a new game . 
  free speech and democracy , obviously . 
  i wish they had taken battlefield 2 : modern combat sp , only adding more rts elements . 
  it was just great and definitely something unique . 
  it 's just sad that they had chosen generic codish single-player . 
  that case would be handy if you 'd go to many lan parties . 
  there is not . 
  and i think i would be a bad idea since this is a small subreddit and the people of reddit live scattered across the world . . 
  i live in finland for example . 
  maybe one day when we become a default sub . 
  or give a dart gun for striker owners , not replacing the pistol though . 
  so this is called tutorial in your server ? 
  in our server it 's called [ skill tree . 
  ] ( http://images-mediawiki-sites.thefullwiki.org/09/3/5/0/89639412345159806.png ) you can actually choose where to spend and earn your skillpoints . 
  people like you are the only ones that i can kill . 
  i do n't know if portal is counted as puzzle , but it 's still a really good game . 
  it definitely is much more linear and streamlined than the older hitmans , but after seeing what bs ea&a ctivision creates nowadays i would say that absolution is 5/10 experience . 
  well uhh . . 
  i personally dont like gmod . 
  making vids have a really long learning curve and doing random stuff gets boring quickly . 
  if you really dont have that much cash then wait for sales or check humble bundles . 
  it was n't a recon dart gun , it was a dart gun for all factions . 
  i just do n't like the idea that the first rocket is a tracer dart . 
  i ca n't tell is he really that stupid or just a troll . 
  either way he does not deserve to exist . 
  i 'll be happy with my 2500k . 
  maybe when 5000/6000 series comes i 'll consider upgrading . 
  i have to disagree . 
  before battlefield 3 most of the dlc/expansions pretty much had new voice acting and the enviroment felt completely different from the base game . 
  bf2 : special forces , bf2 : euro force , bfbc2 : vietnam . . 
  also we also had mod tools . 
  there are tons of great mods created for bf franchise , and i ca n't understand why ea removed it . 
  it would be a win-win situation for them , because they can get free content for their game , which can definitely help selling the product . 
  arma 2 was top seller on steam for many , many weeks because of dayz . 
  oh . . it 's you !, 
  i did n't know that you 're a redditor !, 
  vietnam had completely new voice-acting , the destruction was improved too , the atmosphere etc. 
  feel totally different from the base game , 2 hours worth of radio content , music etc , sniper scopes got enchanged . 
  also , the lack of modern equipment makes it feel special . 
  it feels like totally different game while bf3 dlc is just . . it feels like it 's just additional content for the game . 
  nothing special !, 
  i have already proven your that vietnam dlc had more content than any bf3 dlc . 
  also you obviously belittle vietnam : it did give all bc2 vanilla weps that were included in this dlc a new look and it did give achievements . 
  also , it 's just not about the amount of content , bc2 vietnam feels actually like an 30 $ expansion rather than a regular dlc . 
  in bf3 it 's just the same us vs russia with all the regular guns . 
  in bc2 vietnam it feels like you 're in a vietnam war . 
  and the moment when you step on a tank and it says `` goood morning vietnaaam ! '', 
  and the songs start to play , the feeling you get . . it 's amazing . 
  and the best part of the whole vietnam dlc was that it was something refreshing ; not just another modern military shooter . 
  i 'm prob . 
  skipping bf4 because it does n't seem to offer anything special when compared to bf3 and it 's just another mms . 
  well of course if you do n't like the vietnam war then i do n't force you to like it but uhh . . yeah . 
  that could be of happenings of finland too, 
  reminds me about [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8ywemv5.png ), 
  also when i replied to that guy and told him politely the facts he told me that i was a fucking retard . 
  mass effect is amazing trilogy . 
  it also offers 60 + hours of gameplay per playthrough , so you wo n't get bored too soon . 
  also it has huge replay value because you can choose so many different options . 
  then gaben said , `` let there be enlightenment , '' and there was enlightenment . 
  thou must accept the fact that console heresy has been dominance in the past few years . 
  it has been the duty of all of us to purge that heresy , and even the filthiest peasants are finally starting to understand the pc dominance . 
  ** 7 years ? 
  brethen , you have been through a lot of pain . 
  that cabinet looks uncomfortable . . where do you put your legs ? 
  that was a great comic !, 
  am i the only one who feels like me4 is kinda like `` forced '' ? 
  there are so many examples in gaming & movies that after the 3-part trilogy the 4th one is forced , does n't fit into and is usually dreadful . 
  i 'm worried that me4 will share this destiny . 
  thanks , you just reminded me how terrible i am in this game . . 
  64 players ? 
  what ? 
  brethen , thou must stay guarded . 
  while soe is a good company who greatly favors pc gamers and listens our opinions , look what happened to dice . 
  once tall and proud studio who developed great games for pc , the filthy console money infected them . 
  and when we started to realize that something has changed and started question them , they silenced us and enjoyed the profits . 
  [ brethens !, 
  read this !, 
  discover the sins what dice has made !, 
  uncover the truth !, 
  ] ( http://www.mordorhq.com/showthread.php?3880-the-true-story-of-battlefield-3-the-battlefield-franchise-its-community-amp-ea-dice ), 
  while soe is much less relevant company/studio , we must stay guarded and be prepared for backstabs like that . 
  consoles can easily remove the teachings of gaben and turn great people to satanic monsters . 
  my 2500k is so excited . 
  it would be a miracle if ps3 could run this game . . 
  well . . you can pirate the game if you want it . 
  notch has said that he does n't mind pirates . 
  also , you can show your support and buy the game later when you have more money . 
  [ well . . it kinda happened once . 
  finland . 
  we have many brethens around here , but i 'm wondering if any of them are in this subreddit . . 
  but . . since the free weekend is coming , i 'm betting that it will be -75 % off on steam too . 
  edit : i knew it !,
