  also , having dat 60fps or possibly even 144 definitely makes the experience more enjoyable . 
  the only time where console gameplay is better than pc gameplay is when developers have made an abysmal port , where the game performs worse than on consoles . 
  well uhh . . you 're not completely wrong . 
  there should be xbox logo instead of ea . 
  you should attempt to cover whole continents with satellites . 
  when the continent is fully covered , there wo n't be any abduction mission in that continent anymore . 
  after that , there are some things left that can increase panic : ufos , terror missions and exalt . 
  respond to ufo threats and you do n't have worry about the panic . 
  if you fail the terror mission , that country will leave the council . 
  exalt might increase panic in that particular country , but you can reduce it by infiltrating exalt operations in that country and preventing exalt harassment by scanning regularly . 
  also , there 's alien base assault . . that mission will reduce panic globally by 1-3 , depending on your difficulty . 
  after you complete that mission , your panic problems should be gone . 
  well , that 's a fair point . . 
  but if you could stack those free items , then i 'd definitely take free item over 500sc !, 
  but i 'm not a subscriber and i have no intentions to become one , so i guess my opinion does n't matter . 
  you 're correct . 
  fixed . 
  this is how it feels like to play i/i for the first 2 months . 
  for the love of god , use something else . 
  i also tried to play against a mac player , and we just could n't play together , so i guess that 's where the problem is . 
  i also ca n't understand it . 
  if you only research laser rifle and capture & interrogate muton asap ( preferably from slingshot dlc ) , getting plasma weapons is quite fast . 
  the only problem i have with this expansion is that it really did n't focus on core gameplay problems , like early game is very hard while late-game is pretty easy . 
  in fact , it actually made this problem even bigger due to new seeker unit ( which is n't that much of a deal , but duh ) , getting meld and tough council missions . 
  late game is pretty much a roflstomp if you utilize mimetic skin and mecs with proxy mines . 
  otherwise this expansion is excellent and is definitely worth getting !, 
  my master race problem :, 
  want to browse glorious subreddit , is filled by nothing but le memes . 
  bo2 is actually almost pc-worthy game . . if it only had dedicated servers , then i 'd give it a pass !, 
  better than that ghosts crap though . . 
  agreed . 
  this subreddit is a semi-circlejerk : calling console players as peasants is n't what i 'd do in real life , but there 's a point in it : pc is the best gaming platform and we do enjoy playing on it . 
  however , i find it really depressing to see all those mrw `` peasant told me x thing '' reactions . 
  there are other ways to circlejerk , you know ? 
  all those reaction gifs and memes give this subreddit a really bad imago ; filled with nothing but little brats . 
  and you know what ? 
  i think they 're actually right . 
  our influence grows !, 
  speaking of helmets , when is the eta for the next batch of helmets ? 
  i really , really would like to buy dat arctic wolf . 
   valve locks ea out of their storefront . 
  you sure about this ? 
  i am pretty sure that ea stopped publishing on ea so they would n't have to pay that cut for valve and they would have origin ; a direct competitor for steam . 
  old joke , please try to be more creative . 
  that does n't very logical . 
  which games in particular have dlc sold in-game ? 
  or do you mean micro-transactions ? 
  if valve does n't gain profit from micro-transactions , that leads to a question : why would valve publish f2p games ? 
  also , people already own their games on steam , so you just simply ca n't remove it . 
  unless you let the people keep their games but remove it from store . . but is that even possible ? 
   they 'll fix it eventually . 
  it 's been over 2 months since you commented . 
  the shit aint fixed yet . 
  i 'm seriously worried about daddy 's mental health . . 
  meme & macro & mrw in the same picture ? 
  i am impressed r/pcmasterrace !, 
  ( not ), 
  good riddance !, 
  i disagree . 
  there are lots of people who want to get access to the game , even if it 's not finished . 
  it 's a great way for indie studios to get their funding . 
  at least they 're giving you a clear warning that the game is n't finished , unlike some other games . . 
  * cough * battlefield 4 * cough *, 
  [ watch this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smyliiadwz8 ) and then tell me that you do n't have problems with this game !, 
  fair enough . 
  for me , these issues have made the game unplayable for me . 
  i simply ca n't stand when i lose a firefight because the game screwed up . 
  if you think that having constant crashing and completely broken fps mechanics are minor problems , then what is a major problem ? 
  [ yeah , no issues at all . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smyliiadwz8 ), 
  this does effect everybody , not just minority . 
  the majority of the players just do n't realize that they 're being effected by these issues ; they just think that they suck and/or the opposing player is just better than you . 
  if somebody does n't realize issues , it does n't mean that the issues do n't exist . 
  fair enough . 
  you shall keep defending ea&dice and proving your fascist-like loyalty for them , ok ? 
  meanwhile i am trying to bring facts into table and you just deny their existence . 
  just check out the video that i linked . 
  yes , not everybody has crashes or lack of servers on xbone , but core gameplay mechanics are broken . 
  random bullet deviation , hitboxes that are messed up , horrific netcode , buggy movement . . obviously , everybody might not notice these issues , but they are there . 
  fair enough . 
  keep ignoring facts . 
  keep defending dice and prove your loyalty as hard as you can . 
  do n't care about consumer rights ; just care about your favourite publisher & developer getting rich . 
  usually at this point i am starting to wonder if the people i am discussing with is actually this stupid or is he just pretending to be one ( aka `` trolling '' ) . 
  either way , you 're a great example of an average battlefield player nowadays : ca n't even reach ad hominem level when arguing . . 
  it 's okay . 
  the young ones will learn in time . . 
  i disagree . 
  i used to use siberia v2s too , and i though that they were comfortable . 
  later on i bought myself sennheiser hd518s . 
  not only the audio quality is superior , but the woven cotton around your ears is so comfortable than the siberia leatherette . 
  plus , the cups are much larger so they barely touch your ears , unlike siberia v2s . 
  sure , the price tag is heftier than siberia v2s but you should find other sennheiser models with similar cups for the same price as siberia v2 . 
  i am not sure where this `` you must choose either comfort or audio quality '' thingy started . 
  my hd518s are more comfortable than my siberia v2s . 
  sure , siberia v2s also feel pretty good but once you get used to fact that [ hd518 cups ] ( http://static.trustedreviews.com/94/5606a4/d9c1/img-0676s.jpg ) do n't touch your ears at all . . that pressuring leatherette on v2s is n't so comfortable after all . 
  do n't get me wrong , in terms of comfort siberia v2s are n't bad , but this is a competition about good vs better . 
  edit : after using my siberia v2 for more than a year , the leatherette has also somewhat worn off . 
  i really do n't recommend those headphones op . 
  well , uhh . . okay then .
