  take a good look at us system - there are harsh punishments but they have relatively the highest amount of prisoners out of all western countries . 
  but then again i 'm not that familiar on the subject . 
  that said . . 
  it 's fucked up that occasionally rapists get smaller sentences than julius here , do n't you agree ? 
  i am talking about real life . 
  they surely did get some osa 's but apparently in real life they did not get them nor they did they get any tor 's . 
  this just tells about how eugen had to artificially boost the faction . 
  rehabilitation is good , that i can agree with . 
  iirc there is no proof that harsh punishments do lower the crime rate , and the us is a prime example on this . 
  but rehabilitation is just one aspect that explains the lower crime rates , and i find that being of the smaller ones . 
  good social security for example lowers the crime . 
  when you are unemployed and still get enough money to make the ends meet , it 's a tad meaningless to commit larceny . 
  that and free education grants you a chance to do whatever you want in your life - you can make your dreams come true and do n't have to resort to drug trading and all that shit . 
  then we have bitches like julius here . 
  he 's living a good life and he had no justifiable motivation here . 
  he knew exactly that his actions were wrong and he is bragging about it - the cunt deserves worse than that in my opinion . 
   there should be a thread for that . 
  that is actually a solid idea - weekly replay thread . 
  maybe merge it with the deck thread ? 
  i think that this should be suggested for the mods . 
  just give the riflemen '90 an m240 or something like that . 
  would n't be a massive buff when compared to j\u00e4gers but at least i 'd include them in my decks . 
  deltas should be like li jian . 
  shitty rocket launcher but an amazing smg plus a good machine gun . 
  maybe give them a minimi ? 
  even as an infantry player all i can tell you that this is a terrible idea . 
  do you really want to be able to kill experienced tankers with weapons that require little to no skill by yourself ? 
  get out of here . . 
  get some friends and team up to take out those buggers . 
  you could also try c4 ` ng them but experienced tankers can avoid that stuff as well with proper positioning and with the help of a solid gunner . 
  and if your base is overrun by 20 tanks then you are wasting your time . 
  that stuff ca n't be resolved without the help of outfits . 
  retreat to the next base or choose another battle . 
  that shit is one of the reasons why ussr is op as hell . 
  they get amazing tanks , anti-air , artillery , transports , helis and aircraft - why on earth should they also get one of the best infantry units in the game ? 
  oh and maybe/or remove/edit btr-90 . 
  the combination of btr 90 & spetsnaz & spetsnaz gru is plain overpowered . 
  and eastern block was the faction that was supposed to excel in infantry department . . pfft . 
  then why is ussr by far the most popular faction in competitive ? 
  well let me tell you why - they literally excel in all important categories . 
  tanks , planes , infantry , helos , aa . . they have excellent choices in multiple price points . 
  and then there 's burrito and smerch which can literally wipe out areas by themselves . 
  just like i said , other redfor nations need buffin while minor nerfs would be justifiable with ussr . 
  i do n't agree with standardized fuel . 
  when i 'm playing scandi prefer to take gripen over f-16am . 
  sure , i get a worse cannon but at least it uses less fuel . 
  if the fuel was standardized then how would you buff the gripen ? 
  by making it cheaper ? 
  well in that case it would be even more obvious on which one you should take . 
  mixed nato loses plenty of great units , such as super etendard , fsj ' 90 , marder 2 , kustj\u00e4gare ' 90 , all 6hp aa helos , longbow , keiler and patriot . 
  they do keep some of the excellent units such as the panserbil , f-1 and k1 , and because of that it 's my deck of choice for smaller games . 
  but nonetheless i have to say that ussr does get slightly longer stick on the matter . 
  their mid-range planes are plain superior to their mixed bluefor counterpart , and i suppose that 's the decisive reason on why they 're better . 
  well ussr gets the mig-27 . 
  it 's the best atgm plane at that price point expect maybe the super etendard is slightly better , but not necessarily . 
  pd 's are great as they can dispatch their 8he missiles before blufor infrared - 2 hits are a a guaranteed kill which is not the case with blufor counterparts like mirage 2000 . 
  and pd 's should be used pairs against multiroles since missing 2 of the 8 missiles would be unlucky . 
  gr-7 is a nice unit , that i can agree with but i prefer su-24m . 
  it is just more reliable as a bomber , slightly harder to dodge . 
  it 's more of a preference thing tbh . 
  and puff is nice , yes , but the advantage puff has is n't that relevant tbh . 
  i 'd rather have a better atgm planes than slightly cheaper sead with 2 ir missiles . 
  this is why i do n't play anything but 1 on 1 . 
  no stupid teammates stealing your stuff . 
  actually i do n't use fob 's at all - you never know if the enemy is going to leech your shit !, 
  us finns are aware of sweden 's long-term plans . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  yes , you need a correct prediction to land the hit . 
  there may be skill involved against noob pilots who fly in a straight , predictable line . 
  experienced pilots in the other hand change their course all the time . 
  you never know if they 're going up , left , right , down , forward or backwards . 
  you also do n't know if they 're going to go fast or slow and whether they 're flying straight or athwart . 
  you just take your guess and at longer ranges your changes of landing the shot is very small - no skill involved there . 
  the best thing you can do is to * increase * your chance of hitting , but you really ca n't call that a skill shot can you ? 
  it 's all depending on the heli pilot 's skill and your luck too . 
  hey man , have n't seen your content in a while . 
  good to have you back !, 
  you 're literally just spamming memes on generic gameplay , just like most of the new battlefield youtubers . 
  just like aeweisafemalesheep , these decks are simply not competitive . 
  let 's start with the ussr . 
  it is a faction that is based on versatility . 
  you have an access to great tanks , infantry , recon units , planes , choppers . . you name it . 
  it is generally the best to keep it general or on a special occasions airborne on team games if you know your shit . 
  with the moto deck you lose an access to solid tanks , and your infantry is being carried by expensive transports . 
  you need spammable shit , period . 
  also , motostrelki are quite bad tbh . 
  sure , '90s rocket launcher has 24ap but i 'd rather have the vdv 's from the general decks and have the moto '90s in cheap 5pt transports ( or not have them at all ) . 
  also , you lose some of the great aa units that the general decks have . 
  consider playing red dragons if you want to play motorized . 
  you get access to good wheeled transports like the 10pt btr-60p and wz-551 with an autocannon . 
  it plays in the strengths of the faction as you do not lose too much on the aa tab and you get access to a great recon tank and a solid tank destroyer on the vehicle tab with 21ap . 
  it is not a noob-friendly coalition as you need to know your limits when playing it , but you could look at firestarter 's gameplay to see how it 's played . 
  then there 's mechanized . 
  now , the problem with mech is that it 's a slow deck . 
  you lose wheeled transports and many good helis . 
  also , your recon tab is horseshit . 
  also , no vdv . 
  you have to rely on your shitty motostrelki which definitely stink . 
  they are suppose to take punishment , not dish it out . 
  many of the same things apply to commonwealth mech deck .
