  combat got improved by big list of abilities and with the slag . 
  i think bl2 has the best co-op experience ( me3 comes very close ) , but the multiplayer should 've gone to planetside 2 . 
  unfortunately , there is no `` best co-op '' in vga awards . 
  my game has crashed only 2-3 times , and i 've played 100 hours, 
  that will never happen , because dice & ea are money greedy fucks , not caring about what pc gamers want . 
  i expected it to be a 25-clip infantry killer that is still capable killing enemy aircraft . 
  that thing is junk against aircraft , and with my a2a missiles it 's a terrible aa hybrid . 
  and mod tools . 
  mod tools is what bf fans have begged for . 
  but no , `` technology is too advanced . '', 
  instead of that , buy a fucking premium . 
  after the premium was announced i have pirated every single ea game what 's out there . 
  any video proof ? 
  or have n't they showed it in publicity yet ? 
  that 's my point !, 
  they are lying to us !, 
  the real excuse is that we would make our own maps and content , and after that we would n't buy their dlc . 
  also , have you heard about this color correction mod incident ? 
  and how it ended ? 
  so some guy made [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wju-jkfpsto ) color correction mod for bf3 , making the game look much better . 
  soon dice threatened everybody using that color mod with perma bans , because the colors are too colorful . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.pcgamer.com/2012/10/03/dice-hints-bans-color-correcting-battlefield-3-mo/ ), 
  after that , many bf fans got so pissed , and they started to revolt in youtube comments etc. 
  dice noticed this , and they promised that pc players will get a console command that allows to turn on the color correction mod . 
  . . and soon they cancelled . 
  they wanted to `` keep game 's visual identity same . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://gamebanana.com/bf3/news/20450 ), 
  i just gave him a comparison , so he can see that that not everybody gets crashes !, 
  no reason to give downvotes . . 
  bf fans got pissed about dice threatening perma bans , and they started to revolt in youtube comments etc. 
  dice noticed this , and they promised that pc players will get a console command that allows to turn on the color correction mod . 
  . . and soon they cancelled . 
  they wanted to `` keep game 's visual identity same . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://gamebanana.com/bf3/news/20450 ), 
  short answer : yes . 
  long answer : yeaaaaaaahhh, 
  well . . 
  i 'm impressed !, 
  - atleast they could tell the truth or do something about it . 
  instead of that , they just slap us with bunch of lies or do nothing about it . 
  `` technology is too advanced . '', 
  - the amount of money the premium saves is n't much . 
  also , the premium is a sure way to ea to grab the money . 
  how about if i stop liking the game when there 's plenty of dlc not released yet ? 
  no worries , i have already payed for that dlc !, 
  also the concept of the premium is good , but the way the execute it is disgusting . 
  premium ads everywhere , premium editions , premium trailers . . also , dice treats non-premium players like second-class citizens - new free stuff ? 
  only premium . 
  new trailers ? 
  sorry , premiums first . 
  wan na play new dlc that you have played more than a premium for that ? 
  nope , premiums get it first . 
  - if dice actually cared about us , they would execute the console command thing that they promised earlier , but no , `` bf3 : s visual artistic style is more important '' ( which is total bs . ), 
  read my other comments . 
  you monster . 
  you should 've shoot the window before leaving . 
  they first slammed us some bs like `` technology is too advanced . '', 
  i do n't remember them saying the license thing , can you give me the source ? 
  and for that last part . . read my other comments . 
  well that 's what i 'm thinking too . 
  it 's terrible , but if it gets buffed . . that 's a different story then . 
  now it 's on -50 % sale so it could be worth taking the risk . 
  right ? 
  i am more like solo player . . so it seems like skyguard is not for me . 
  i do play with bursters , and getting one of them for infantry platoons really helps countering those esfs who think that there 's some easy pickings . . 
  maybe devs decided to nerf it because it became overused in beta ( prob . 
  because of the cheap price ) , and they destroyed everything . 
  i have 4k sc left so . . yeah , could be worth it . 
  this sounds like a good balance . 
  long-range but the damage would n't be something op . 
  ok , i bought myself a skyguard . 
  i knew it was bad , but i did n't know that it was this bad . 
  i ca n't hit anything from far away , and finally some lib got close . . 
  i unloaded to him 2 full mags . . 
  hull got only 40 % damaged . 
  soon that liberator shot me down easily with his zepher . 
  now lets wait for that buff . . 
  i hope this was worth the gamble . 
  unless the lib gunner is absolutely terrible , the mobility does n't help so much , because you can easily time your shots with the zepher and dalton . 
  skyguard is just completely useless . 
  bullet velocity is slow , there is a massive spread with this gun and it does poor damage . 
  i am comparing this to bursters . 
  even a single burster is more useful than this gun . 
  but you ca n't deny that there 's no reason to use skyguard when you have dual bursters , unless you are moving with an armored convoy . 
  a single esf can kill lightning with single run . . 
  nc = mindless hordes who just try to capture areas , usually getting crushed organized vs and tr platoons . 
  this will change , unfortunately . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpesytpwtro ) motherfucker will bring us a horde of immature players . 
  i watched the whole video . 
  i 'm thinking of suicide . 
  and that stupid punching when he dies . . everybody who has hit the puberty knows that he 's pretending . 
  you know what ? 
  i 've been crashed lately too . 
  my game once crashed twice in a row when tried to launch . 
  after the cringe of seananners and tobuscus , our great leader shows how it 's done . 
  this is also a huge problem in bad company 2 rush mode too . 
  everybody camps 50 meters away from the mcom , and once there is only 10 tickets left everybody then realizes that we must arm the mcom . 
  and also in team fortress 2 : ten seconds remaining - everybody rushes mindlessly to the cart - and the cart gets pushed in overtime . 
  after that , 4 minutes of mindless killing . 
  after that , our team starts to push the cart again .
