  eventually you should feel the `` sweet-spot '' for how much acceleration your car can handle before it becomes too unstable . 
  it 's just a matter of practice , really . 
  agreed , it should be given 12 mj\u00f6lners and 12 great leader 's bombs . 
  and maybe up the price by 10 points . 
  or you know , just use the mig-27 . 
  the heat cannon does 1 damage minimum with every hit , meaning that the plane eats superheavies for breakfast . 
  yes , it is ludicrous that a 95pt plane possesses a weapon like that . 
  consoles are inferior to pc 's from an objective standpoint . 
  that is a fact . 
  pc gaming is cheaper , has a vastly larger game library , more input options & customization et cetera . 
  also , most console games are running at 30fps which is a major reason why i wo n't play on consoles . 
  60fps is very easy to achieve with a price of a console if you down your graphics more or less . 
  on pc you can even get 144hz monitors . 
  that said . . there are cons too . 
  having knowledge on computers is almost a must . 
  buying a 144hz monitor with beefy hardware gives you a big advantage , albeit the advantage is miniscule if you are n't very good with the game . 
  also the however , the advantage far outweigh the cons , and the things that you listed like bad server browser and crashing are quite exaggerated as well . 
  therefore i conclude that from an objective standpoint the pc 's are superior . 
  subjective opinions on the other hand like personal preferences and certain exclusives can make the console a better option for you , but in my opinion the pc is more suitable option for dedicated players . 
  now only if apc/ifv cv 's got buffed as well . 
  giving them the same availability as jeep cv 's would be great . 
  oh and leo 2 cv is also pretty nice . 
  if you have a counter-strike level aim then an94 is brutal at close range . 
  the burst gives you a fire-rate of 1200rpm , which is the highest in the game afaik . 
  also , if you 're within 12,5 meters then a single burst to the head kills the enemy , and a second burst usually finishes off the enemy if you landed at least one bullet to the head . 
  with 1200rpm the gun drops enemies insanely fast even if you failed to land those headshots . 
  and on top of that the gun is efficient around dmr ranges or so - it definitely could be the gun of choice for op . 
  two or three well-placed bursts can drop an averagely positioned sniper before he can even react , as there is barely any spread . 
  so you are going to play ranked - excellent decision !, 
  i too got fed up with the public games and i do n't regret a bit stop playing them . 
  all the pubstompers et cetera . . ugh . 
  so here 's some keypoints for the ranked . 
  prepare for a wall of text . 
  the gamemode is conquest - whoever earns the 500pts or the most points at the end of the game wins . 
  what this means is that you must play aggressively and contest enemy capture zones - if you hold more zones than he does means that you win . 
  zones that grant two points are a lot more valuable than the 1 point ones , so you should contest these . 
  cv sniping is an important part of the game . 
  poking with cheap helis , heliborne infantry and even cheap scouts punishes heavily those who do n't guard their cv 's . 
  having a minimum of 20-50 points guarding each cv is a good idea . 
  also , poking uncontested area is recommended as well - you may gain ground freely if the opponent is bluffing on certain areas . 
  buying cv 's early is quite smart . 
  if you feel like you can hold an enemy push or you do n't need anything for a minute , just start pumping cv 's early on . 
  this can win you a game if you earn like a 100-point advantage and the game ends up being a stalemate . 
  always know what you are doing . 
  make an opener for each map and stick to the plan . 
  do not hesitate against high-ranked players . 
  execute your plans , do your best at microing and do your best to figure on what went wrong if/when you lose the game . 
  do n't feel bad for losing against them , just try to learn something each time . 
  now , what should your decks compose of ? 
  mostly solid , cheap units . 
  you need to be able to fight on multiple fronts so your troops need to be good enough that they can fight well but are n't too pricey . 
  two cv 's is mandatory , one jeep cv and one infantry cv . 
  you need a high quantity of cv 's so the jeep is a must and infantry cv is very versatile - plenty of different transport options . 
  a card of logistics vehicles is enough just make sure that your logi vehicles are set to repair mode only plus refill & refuel only if you have to . 
  having no fob means that you get 75 points extra at the beginning , and generally speaking pulling heavy artillery is a bad idea in ranked . 
  infantry tab is quite standard and varies for each coalition . 
  you often do need a high quantity of infantry so having too many cards of elites is not recommended . 
  support tab - one long-range anti-plane , one long-range anti-helo and one high dps aa . 
  standard stuff really . 
  and a card of mortars for doing damage vs infantry plus smoking during attacks . 
  tank tab also varies for each coalition , but medium tanks are a must . 
  superheavies are good but not mandatory as they are so bloody expensive - the whole meta in ranked revolves around cheap , cost-effective units , and tanks like leo c2 mexas and t72b1 are exactly what you need . 
  recon , use your standard stuff . 
  having a card of cheap recon with autocannon/grenade launcher is recommended as they can spot sneaky units & they can harass enemy spawns & cv 's on some maps . 
  vehicles , standard stuff . 
  same applies to heli tab too . 
  plane tab - cost-efficiency is the key here . 
  some factions like us do n't have that many good cheap planes , which limits their options , but factions like ussr and red dragons truly shine on that matter . 
  having high ecm is n't mandatory as building aa nets costs plenty of points - you can start harassing with your cheap bombers right off the bat . 
  and if the opponent has a strong aa net at the beginning of the game means that their ground troops are few and far between . 
  this text bigger than i intended and probably was n't that nice to read , but i hope that you got something out of it . 
  welcome to ranked !, 
  the whole clip is swedish . 
  * yawns *, 
   j\u00e4gers and smaw are n't worth it , replace with good inf, 
  j\u00e4gers are the best line infantry in the game by far , maybe they would be better if they 're in 5pt transport for cost-efficiency , or use the norwegian variant with 10pt autocannon transport . 
  m1ip is n't very good . 
  2100m range is a major downside , as the enemy can get shoot you first in open fields plus he gets 1 extra ap when you get to shoot him . 
  use k1 instead , and maybe use that to replace leo2a4 . 
  having both k1 and leo1a5 is good as k1 is better at taking punishment while 1a5 can dish it out for cheaper price . 
  why ontos ? 
  because it is one of the best forest fighters in the game , if not the best . 
  it is * the counter * vs spetsnaz & btr-90 teams . 
  you can fire 6 times 12ap 3hp heat shots before reloading . 
  a stack of four will wipe out entire forests if used well with infantry , even superheavies . 
  wild weasel has one advantage over prowler and raven : it has 4 missiles and fires two per target . 
  it also makes its recharge lengthier . 
  and two ir missiles ca n't be overlooked either - they 're a small bonus if used in a friendly aa network . 
  blufor general is amazing in small games . 
  it has its ups and down but without a doubt it is viable deck to fiddle with . 
  i think that i would have even better chances with pd 's . 
  let 's do some math here . 
  each elite pd missile has a chance of 26,4 % hit chance against 50 % ecm . 
  trained su-27sk has a chance of 27 % . 
  pd gets 4 missiles so a pair of elite pd 's can fire only 8 eight times , while su-27sk 's get to shoot 20 times , and they do get the cannon too . 
  only 2 hits are requires in both cases . 
  so the kill chance for pd 's without taking range bonuses into account is, 
  p ( at least 2 hits ), 
  = 1-p ( less than 2 hits ), 
  = 1-p ( 0 or 1 hit ),
