  and even then there are too many vehicles in certain conquest maps in my opinion , like golmud railway has 5 tanks per side for example . 
  that 's why being an engineer is highly recommended in maps like those . 
  and if you get completely frustrated with vehicles then there are infantry-oriented gamemods available , like rush for example . 
  alright , then your spawnpoints . 
  you can choose your deployment point by clicking a flag , squadmate , or a spawnable vehicle on your minimap . 
  the only safe spawnpoint is your homebase ; in other places you are in danger to get shot immediately . 
  if your squad mate is attacking an enemy flag , he is most likely in a lot of trouble , so spawning to him is risky . 
  same thing goes for friendly flags ; if it 's being captured there 's a good chance that there 's like 6 dudes and a tank capping it , so you have not a chance on taking them down by yourself , unless you have a tank and you know how to use it . 
  if you get killed by an enemy with higher rank , he prob . 
  had a better aim . 
  do you have a skull icon in your kill screen when you got killed ? 
  in that case he headshotted you , and just like in counter-strike headshots do a lot more damage . 
  while your bodyshots do a decent amount of damage , better opponents will go for headshots , since 2-3 of them are enough to take down an enemy . 
  obviously your weapon of your choice matters too , but that is not that relevant ; a good opponent will kill you even with a shit gun , unless has a sniper rifle at closer ranges or something like that . 
  it might seem too complicated game at the beginning but trust me , once you have learned the ropes the game gets a lot better . 
  back in the days of battlefield 2 i used to have a kdr of 0.2 and i was . . 
  i was just the worst of the worst . 
  now that i have played the franchise for thousands of hours i have a 2 + kdr ratio and can handle pretty much every single weapon in the game adequately , from jets to snipers . 
  and here 's a tip for you : if you struggle at killing then focus on teamwork . 
  although an efficient fragger who clears about objectives easily by himself might be a better player than a noob with barely any kills * but who heals and revives his teammates * , the noob is still arguably better player than that sniper who just sits in bush and fails to hit anything but other snipers who are standing still . 
  well bad news for you then ; project reality 2 has been cancelled . 
  there 's some good news though ; pr team is working on a standalone game called squads , which is practically a sequel for project reality . 
  edit : apparently pr2 has not been cancelled ( yet ) , but the majority of devs are working on squads , and we do n't truly know what is going on . 
  i would n't be too surprise if the announcement of the cancellation would come out any time soon . 
  ehh , squads is pretty much a project reality done for modern engine ; this has been claimed by the developers as well . 
  there is a lot of information available on what it is and what it will be . 
  all of the things that made project reality a success will be included in the game , such as the aas gamemode , squad system with the whole voip thingy . . 
  i 'm super pumped for this game . 
  the only thing that worries me is that the game apparently might be limited just to us and taliban , since i loved the fights where blufor fought `` proper '' factions ( like china or mec ) instead of `` insurgent '' factions ( like taliban or hamas ) . 
  we 'll see if this is the case . 
  as for the project reality 2 . . well , it could be that the development is going on well but unfortunately we can only assume things here . 
  the fact that a big portion of the developers left for squads does n't sound very couraging . 
  and then there 's cases like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyisepgj3jq ) which makes me wonder that what the hell is going on . 
  the whole mod could be in a development hell but we 'll see . 
   i like this , but the awp/cz combo still needs to be nerfed in some way . 
  move it to smg slot then , meaning that cz would be a primary instead of secondary . 
  i mean , it really would n't matter for an awper for like jw if he has to spend over 1000 bucks to get his cz since they would prob . 
  dominate economic game anyway . 
  and if the awper could n't buy then his teammate would buy it anyway . 
  do you need a workhorse , aka kill infantry and lightly armored vehicles ? 
  t72a is prob . 
  your best choice . 
  wan na kill everything , especially enemy tanks ? 
  m1a2 is the way to go . 
  [ here 's motostrelki in action !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwoackikmg4 ), 
  why do people say that it would be a bad thing ? 
  i mean , even though valve fucked up with the cz , usp and m4a1s were both brilliant additions to the game . 
  yes , seperatists are fighting against an ukrainian tank . 
  it 's just hilarious how incompetent both sides are . 
  like what the hell is that machine gunner thinking when he goes in front of a man firing his weapon ? 
  and why does that tank go so close without any sort of infantry support ? 
  if seperatists had better weapons than ww2 at rifles in that battle , that t62 ( ? ), 
  would be toast . 
  awp is a good weapon since it is a very hard weapon to use perfectly ; there 's only a handful of awpers in the world who are considered to be god-like . 
  cz on the other hand is a weapon which is trivial to use . 
  have you ever heard anyone being called a good czer ? 
  no , i did n't so think since anyone can use that gun and be very effective with it . . 
  cz would still be used as a force-buy gun , especially on ct-side . 
  these force-buys would actually become risky since your economy would prob . 
  be demolished if you fail with your risk . 
  and with this change the cz-awp combi would also be removed , which would be a great thing since awpers just rely on their czs if he gets rushed . 
  ehh , i do n't think so . 
  even though that we had pretty outdated weapons and vehicles during cold war , they were n't that old . 
  first of all , finland never purchased weapons from germany in massive quantities . 
  mosin-nagant was the standard rifle for finland during world war 2 , which was produced locally . 
  other small-arms like lahti-saloranta and suomi-kp were finnish guns . 
  60 stug 3 : s and 15 panzer ivs were bought from germany ; these tanks were quickly replaced by t55s and comets . 
  panzerfausts and panzerschrecks were the only weapons bought in mass quantities but finns developed [ 55 s 55 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/55_s_55 ) from the panzerschreck . 
  so yeah , my point stands . 
  nowadays finland has mostly replaced all of its equipment by western equipment and i doubt that those ww2 weapons would be used during 90 's , even if they were given to militias . 
  if steam ever gets shut down , valve will provide us a way to download our games . 
  i will post a source when i am not mobile . 
  edit : [ here 's the source . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4sa1ln6.jpg ) although this may not be valid promise by any stretch since this is not included in steam subscriber agreement , it at least tells that valve has considered this scenario . 
  if valve ever goes on the verge of bankruptcy , this topic would become relevant and valve would at least make their official statement . 
  that was still possible during 1.5 patch . 
  not sure if 1.51 fixed it . 
  first of all , i would like to congratulate for your interests in finland  this is truly an interesting country to complete your studies . 
  i will attempt to ask your questions . 
  first of all , the weather . 
  the winter in finland is indeed a bit cold to say the least , but as long as you dress warm , you 'll be fine . 
  our summers in the other hand are swell . 
  you should expect temperatures ranging from 20 selsius up to 30 . 
  finnish universities in general have high standards . 
  our teachers are very well educated , and there should n't be a shortage of advanced equipment . 
  no , they are not top universities like harvard and such are , but i doubt that you expected something like that . 
  since you are going to study in jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 , you should n't have too hard time to find an apartment . 
  for your needs you should get one for ~ 250-400 per month . 
  food situation in finland is pretty good . 
  although our food may be some of the most expensive in the whole europe , you have a great selection of ethical food . 
  and even non-organic food have good standards - for example , us beef is banned in europe because they are filled with all sorts of hormones . 
  so yeah , our food selection is a lot better than what us has to offer . 
  if you seek to have a job with your bachelor 's degree , you will probably have a bad time . 
  most academic jobs in finland require master 's degree . 
  and if you seek to have a job which do n't require any sort of education , things are n't currently looking that good either , especially since you ca n't speak finnish . 
  although the vast majority of finns can speak english decently , the ability to speak finnish is appreciated . 
  even though that beer really is n't my thing , it 's pretty much the same as in us ; cheap shit is . . shit . 
  however , you should try and drink some whiskey , 
  so what else should you know ?
