  bad company 2 : vietnam added 5 new maps with 2 armies , us and nva . 
  americans also got new models and voice acting . 
  there were added tons of new vehicles and weapons . 
  some of the existing weapons were added too but they got new models . 
  also , gadgets like defib and repair tool were exchanged , making them function the same but visually very different . 
  now to battlefield 3 :, 
  9 maps for vanilla , 20 maps for dlcs . 
  now this is a massive change . 
  if you buy only the vanilla game , you get access only to 30 % maps . 
  also , tons of new weapons could be used outside the game . 
  this is the first time that having expansions gives you advantage , even on vanilla ( fine , you got some exclusives gadgets from northern strike but they were mainly pointless ), 
  b2k expansion was given for pre-orders , and close quarters is free for pc players since june 2013 , if you add that e3 code . 
  now , let 's move to battlefield 4 . 
  5 confirmed dlc , same premium system . 
  we do n't know so much about these expansions , or the vanilla game itself , but we know that they are in development . 
  you can see small clips played from these maps . 
  and this is bad . 
  why ? 
  because the development time is used on something that is not released with base game , and possibly gives us a product that is incompete . 
  this issue was infuriating with mass effect 3 , especially because that day 1 dlc was crucial part of the story . 
  and some of you have heard about how the ending of me3 was shit and very rushed . . and this possibly would 've not happened if there was n't dlc to work with . 
  also , i 'd like to note that only b2k was known to be in development while the bf3 was not yet launched . 
  so . . can we justify that you must spend another $ 60 to get other half of the game ? 
  i understand the dlc : it is a way for developers to earn more money and prevent used game sales . 
  once you have secured something for your account , selling the game would prevent you for using that stuff again , until you get the game back . 
  but when you get only 30 % of the maps for vanilla maps , tons of weapons that give you advantage ( not op , but still advantage in versatility ) , can we call that justice ? 
  especially on a game that already costs $ 60 and has microtransactions ? 
  i know , making games is n't charity . . but why this did n't happen on a scale like this , until bf franchise became really really popular , at battlefield 3 ? 
  with my logic games should be cheaper to more players you get . . but apparently this is not the case . 
  so , what do you think ? 
  has dlcs gone too far in bf franchise ? 
  i want to have native voice acting in bf4 . 
  i want that my russian and chinese soldiers speak their own language . 
  there is n't any signs that this will be the case in bf4 . 
  the russians mumbling english in bf3 . . it 's horrible !, 
  this would n't require too much effort from dice because apparently , [ russian voice acting does exist in bf3 , ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe0d2w3ymk0 ) but only in russian copies of the game . 
  and you must modify your files if you want them to english copy . 
  so , could we bring back the old style ? 
  native languages being standard , but it is possible to choose english voice acting if you wish so . 
  what else would you change that does n't require a lot of effort ? 
  i see lots of opinions about which features are better - 3d spotting vs no spotting , ammo pool vs magazines , spawning only to squad leaders vs spawning to everybody . 
  and because of this i have a solution to end this arguing once and for all : classic mode . 
  classic mode would be a game mode where settings resemble more like older battlefields . 
  the game would be more challenging than normal mode but not as hard as hardcore , so it would be a middle ground between those . 
  - hud , crosshair , minimap , gun damage models - these would be the same as in normal bf4 . 
  - only spawning to squad leaders - this would force squads to stick together , because if your squad leader dies then your squad must spawn to main base or flag . 
  - removing ammo pool . 
  if you reload your gun while having ammunition left in magazine , you will those bullets . 
  this would force players to conserve their ammo and think situations like `` i have 9 bullets left and there 's one guy left out there , can i take him out with these ? '', 
  - removing 3d spotting . 
  i do n't know about you , but this is really infuriating feature . 
  in bf3 for example you do n't aim for the enemy , you aim below the spot marker , because it is so easy to see it and you can see it through objects and smoke . 
  so instead of that , let 's bring back bf2 spotting : spotted enemies will only appear on the minimap . 
  if you aim enemy long enough , his name will appear above him , but only for yourself . 
  - friendly fire . 
  this would players to not grenades carelessly and recognize if the target ahead of you friend of foe before pulling the trigger . 
  also , if you get killed by a friendly there should be an option to punish him or forgive him . 
  if he gets punished he will lose points . 
  if he gets too many punishments -  kick . 
  - remove spawn protection when spawning to squad leader . 
  admit it , you have been killed many , many times because of this . 
  you caught by surprise 2 guys and then 3rd guy spawns in . 
  you manage to kill both of them but the spawned guy is immune to your bullets , and he kills you when you 're desperately trying to grab your pistol . 
  then that guy revives the guys you just killed and your effort was worthless . 
  - remove auto-repairing . 
  this would force players to play more carefully , since your repairs wo n't kick in . 
  also , this would make an engineer repairing your vehicle much more valuable . 
  - slower vehicle respawn times . 
  this also would make your vehicles more valuable . 
  if your jet gets destroyed then the enemy team will have air superiority for longer time . 
  - slower reloading times . 
  i personally would like to see this , since it would again promote ammo conserving . 
  i do n't know about you , but i really liked them being slower . 
  i ca n't figure anything else atm but you get the idea : lots of changes which would make the game harder and original , but not hardcore . 
  thoughts ? 
  so today i played some nhl 14 at gamestop , with the, 
  i was n't impressed . 
  i bet the game itself would be decent if i could play it well , but the graphics . . oh god . 
  40-45 average fps all the time , while unskippable cutscenes , which are loading times i guess , had like 20-25 fps . 
  graphics , models , textures . . they were exactly same as nhl 10 was !, 
  horrible , yuk !, 
  shadows were hilariously bad , even the goldsource could do better . 
  there was not aa at all or maybe it was 1x . 
  also , the crowd had very few models and animations making them dumb and very repetitive . 
  i am so glad that i am not a peasant who would embrace these `` amazing '' graphics . 
  so what 's your opinion on the newest gta title that the both master race and peasants are hyping about ? 
  i personally could n't care about it at all . 
  i have never been the massive fan of the series but they were still pretty good . 
  6.5 / 10 or something . 
  i just do n't understand how some people treat this series like a god series or sumthing . 
  but honestly , rockstar does not care about our attention . 
  all gtas have come to pc ~ 6 months later , and their ports have been more or less great . 
  gta iv was insultingly bad . 
  since they do not care about our attention , so why should we give them any ? 
  pc does have massive amounts of other exclusives , and since gta v will prob . 
  come later with a shit port , we should n't thank them for a such shit work . 
  let us enjoy dozens of other exclusives that the peasants will never get !, 
  so , ps4 is soon released and along that , the planetside 2 for it . 
  now this could be either become a massive hit or the game will die very soon . 
  i have been thinking about how successful the launch will be .
