  every cheater will get banned sooner or later , so what 's the point of having a booster if you 'll lose your wins eventually ? 
  uhh , it actually is a windows version . . 
  i just personally mashed up something from other collections that would fit for that background . 
  i can provide those certain pieces if you 'd like to . 
  geez , r/polandball is leaking again . . hopefully those fascist mods will never figure it out . 
  given the fact that she does n't even have shoes makes me think that it 's the latter option . 
  looks like someone just lost his skins :p, 
  at least they 're not using kalashnikovs and manpadss like peaceful pro-russia protestors do . 
  here 's a [ russian channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/xcomclub/featured ) which organizes these tournaments etc. 
  but i highly recommend watching [ this bastard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/firewatergasoline/videos ) since he is n't russian ( no russofobia , just the language barrier ) and is in my opinion pretty entertaining guy as well . 
  it 's just that every single youtuber with < 1000 subs want to get desperately more views for their generic content . 
  you just have to deal with it , sorry . 
  you mean to post it to / r/adviceanimals4gamers ? 
  sure , i 've done it in the past , unsuccessfully though . 
  oh well , see you on the front-page then i guess . . 
  i am not the person in this video and i think that he is somewhat overreacting but i still do agree with his points ; bf4 and hardline are merely mods/expansions for battlefield 3 which could have been mods created by the community or should have been expansions which cost $ 20-30 . 
  i really do believe that the only reason why bf3 and the sequels did n't get mod tools because that ea management think that free mods are directly cut from overpriced dlc , which in my opinion is extremely short-sighted business model , especially for a franchise which 's foundations are based on modding . 
  also his point to `` modders could have created the same thing or even better '' is also valid - just look at project reality : it contains many times more content than bf2 when compared to bf4 to bf3 . 
  this particular mod also offers unique gameplay that none other shooter can match . 
  it is shame that pr modders have to abandon this franchise for another platform ( i.e. 
  cryengine ) just because ea decided to make this game a yearly money-cow which competes against call of duty . 
  that being said though , i also do agree with your `` vote with your wallet '' part , which i also encourage to other people doing so . 
  i bought bf4 for $ 20 and i truly feel that i 've got my money 's worth , because i feel like that this is what it should have costed in the first place . 
  i 'd like to point out that i 'm not the man who made his videos and i do agree that some of his points were kinda off , but the overall picture he 's attempting to say is valid . 
   nobody is forcing you to buy the damn game . 
  i 'd like to ask you that did you watch the video ? 
  he said that your friends are forcing you to buy it because of peer pressure , and that is why ea can sell the ( almost ) same game over and over again . 
  and it is really a shame indeed because this has eliminated a fine modding culture on aaa industry , because aaa developers are * very * short-sighted with modding : they see it as a direct competitor for dlc which will be cut directly from the revenue even though that it has been proven various times that modding is a great thing for both communities and revenue , like for example in dayz . 
  arma 2 was top seller on steam for multiple weeks just because of dayz . 
  battlefield also has a long history of modding ( like project reality which is pretty much the only game this guy plays ) , so seeing the 180 this franchise has done is truly a shocking thing for many gamers , including him and myself . 
  i think that you are severely underestimating the effect of peer pressure , especially on younger audiences ( which battlefield franchise is nowadays filled with ) . 
  doing the same thing as your buddies is a very important for cohesion ( not just with your friends but the gaming community in general ) and game developers most likely know this . 
  why do you think that franchises like call of duty are selling so much even though that every rational person knows that the core of those games is exactly the same ? 
  peer pressure obviously is n't relevant for all of us , but you simply ca n't just rule it out . 
  this does n't apply to anybody , not for myself either but let 's be honest : who really wants to play video games alone if you have some friends to play with ? 
  it definitely could be , just look at project reality for example . 
  sure , the mod itself has been in development for like 9 years and the graphics are n't so great either , but the game itself is vastly superior when compared to the vanilla game , battlefield 2 . 
  let 's just imagine that hardline was made by modders , how it would be ? 
  graphically the game might not be so impressive , irrelevant stuff like levolution would have been cut off as well and there prob . 
  would be lesser animations etc. , but the gameplay features ( like gadgets , gamemodes etc. ), 
  could have been thought better and the strengths of the pc platform would have been fully utilized . 
  it is of course up to the player to decide which version would have been more fleshed out . 
  yeah , those same little shits that gave massive applauses when nip beat berzerk on anti-eco round . 
  since gamespy servers have been shut down and project reality team have a workaround solution for this , i think that you should be able to play the game even with a pirated copy . 
  and you should n't even feel bad about doing so because ea does n't support this game anymore , so why you should support them ? 
  so instead of buying the game and you end up liking the pr mod , you can directly donate money for pr team through paypal . 
   but i guess it 's because the dh is in sweden . 
  that is true , but that should n't be the case . 
  the crowd at katowice did cheer for nip as well even though that they had a home team , vp playing at finals against them . 
  oh well , i am kinda dissapointed how one-sided the crowd was . 
  giving massive applauses for nip on anti-eco against berzerk . . ugh . 
  yeah , home team definitely deserves those applauses but when they get them while doing trivial stuff like bashing an eco rush it 's just . . it 's just wrong in my opinion , especially when those applauses are almost as big as when they 're doing impressive stuff like clutching a round . 
  it 's still exactly the same game as bf4 . 
  everything is just re-skinned to police theme ( not exactly everything , littlebirds with miniguns and shit ) and some new game modes = $ 60 game . 
   i say a lot of stupid things , this might be one of them . 
  if ukraine was a member of nato then russia probably would have not attacked crimea in the first place . 
  there 's no way that russia would want to go on war with western military mights , where they would have 0 chance of winning with conventional ways and not a single rational person wants to use nuclear weapons . 
  as for your comment about finland not willing to join nato , i disagree . 
  currently 34 % of the people support nato membership while 45 % oppose . 
  i personally * currently * oppose nato membership because russia is the most important trading partner for us and russian tourism is very important ( seriously , just go to lidl in eastern finland and you find that there 's more russians than finns ) , but i am deeply concerned that the russian situation could escalate . 
  nato membership would be a guaranteed safety against russian threat but it would obviously worsen our relationship with russia , but since they have been recently pulled shit like testing our fighter jet readiness they really do n't seem to be willing to make them better . 
  i hope that things wo n't escalate any longer since i see russians ( people , not goverment ) as my friends , not enemies . 
  i would like to ask you that how are your links about ukraine 's incoherence or crimean 's annexation have anything to do with our conversation ? 
  i did n't specify those in my comments , i just pointed out that if ukraine was part of the nato during the crimea 's annexation/liberation/whatever you want to call it , nato would be forced to act with military force . 
  [ see nato article 5 for this . 
  ] ( http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/north_atlantic_treaty#article_5 ), 
  alright , then to your point ;, 
  do you understand that nato is a defence organization , meaning that it will only act when they 're being attacked , not when they are the attackers ? 
  either way if ukraine was a member of nato during crimea annexation that would force nato to go war against russia . 
  if nato members attack other countries themselves then other nato members have no responsibilities to help their ally . 
  i , you . . what ? 
  i am not so sure what you are talking about . 
  usa alone has approximately 7 times bigger military budget than russia does , and on top of that nato has other big spenders such as uk and france . 
  anyway , you can clearly see that [ nato numbers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) are vastly bigger and if you have a better source of information then please , show it to me . 
  i really would like to hope that this is true , but if somebody told me six months ago that russia is going to annex parts of ukraine , i would have called them insane . 
  now , i am here not to discuss was russian 's move morally right or wrong but i would still like to point out how europe supposed to be a peaceful continent ; everything can change within months , and so can change russian 's situation with the rest of the world . 
  you were talking about `` overwhelming opposition '' . 
  34 % support and 45 % opposition is not what i call `` overwhelming opposition '' . 
  and if russia keeps [ threating us ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/big-peace/2014/06/02/russia-threatens-sweden-finland-if-either-country-joins-nato ) or keeps harassing us with their fighter jets , you bet that the public opinion will change . 
  honesty is a good thing, 
  what 's this , another soe developer lurking in / r/planetside ? 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  well , if you know how to play this mission then i 'd say go for it . 
  so basically , you just need to push in slowly to the tanker without spotting the whale . 
  in your squad you need a sacrifice rookie ( he goes in and activates the responder while the rest of the squad just legs it ) , assault ( s ) with close combat specialist ( s ) and engineer ( s ) with ap nades . 
  flashbangs are also recommended since you might accidentally trigger some pods ( but keep in mind that chryssallids still do have long range even if they are flashed . ), 
  they really nailed those maps for one reason : they designed them for one specific gamemode , rush . 
  in all battlefield titles before battlefield 3 maps were mainly , in some cases solely designed for one specific gamemode . 
  in battlefield 2 it was conquest , 2142 had conquest and titan and in bc series it was rush . 
  this way they did figure out how they could make the battle flow as fluid as possible . 
  the conquest experience in bad company was obviously the inferior experience but it was still pretty okay . 
  battlefield 3 however , was a pretty mixed bag . 
  some of the maps were better for rush while some worked out better for conquest , but since dice attempted to make all maps enjoyable on all maps , it just did n't scale out properly . 
  most of the rush maps were heavily favoured by defenders due to them being too large ( and attackers not having the vehicle advantage ) while majority of the conquest maps were pretty much a clusterfuck on 64 players because there is just wayy too many chokepoints . 
  same thing applies on some maps with 32 rush . 
  i also think that the game suffered since they tried to scale these maps for 24 player console experience . 
  in bf4 they really made the problem worse for some people . 
  while i think that vanilla conquest maps in bf4 are far superior to bf3 vanilla conquest maps , in my opinion almost all of these maps are unplayable aside from conquest . 
  so what could be done in the future bf titles ?
