  it 's just so stupid how easily the cars go airborne for few seconds . 
  i occasionally apply some lanttulaatikko ( swede casserole ) instead of munavoi . 
  my grandpa used to call that stuff stalin 's butter because , well , lanttulaatikko was consumed a lot during the war . 
  [ this announcement caused one big of a backlash . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/39bpam/removing_harassing_subreddits/ ) just go to / r/all and see the results . 
  they actually encouraged some fat dude to kill himself in / r/suicidewatch iirc . 
  and yet they 're wondering about why their shit got banned . . 
  it 's like ussr needs some buffin ', 
  i ca n't recommend wargame : red dragon enough . 
  it 's a `` realistic '' rts set in cold war era where the war has gone hot . 
  it 's a combined warfare where you have access to hundreds of real-life units used in warfare , such as infantry , tanks , helicopters , aircraft , anti-air , artillery . . and each of these units vary a lot . 
  the game is pretty unique in multiple aspects since there are plenty of gameplay mechanics that are not found in other rts games , such as unit spotting with dedicated units ( sort of like fog of war without the visible fog ) , realistic damage models and ranges . 
  learning these new concepts is n't easy by any means , but once you 've comprehended them the game becomes great . 
  [ here 's some gameplay footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rroywz4nf5q ), 
  oh and check out / r/wargame . 
  we 're more than happy to help !, 
  i would like to see correct air detection/stealth values as well . 
  ca n't find them anywhere . 
  the characters where the reason why mass effect is such an amazing franchise . 
  bioware has a tremendous challenge to topple the shepard trilogy , and i 'm not even sure if that 's possible . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i 'm confident about bioware 's writing skills . 
  it 's just that the original trilogy was a fucking * masterpiece , * my favourite story-driven game of all time . 
  if they manage to do something better then i 'll be damned . 
  gameplay mechanics will surely be better , but the story , characters and such ? 
  yes , you should get it . 
  my biggest gripe with the game is the lack of maps and boring ufo layouts , but other than that the game truly shines with the old , solid gameplay mechanics . 
  i 'm not sure if xenonauts is better or worse than the xcom reboot , but it 's definitely . . different . 
  really ? 
  i 'd like to see that stuff !, 
  no wait , no i do n't . 
  the whole purpose of meld was to prevent the player from slowly advancing , and wiping the pods one by one . 
  the new reinforcement system is apparently doing that , and even better - you * do n't * want to stick around for long when there 's a motherfucking berserker and two mecs against your newbie squad . 
  that i do n't know , but i doubt that we 'll acquire the meld in a similar way if that 's the case . 
  this better be in fallout 4 as well since the voice actor is the same one as jack 's . 
  the rule of thumb is 4 logi ( 2 cv and 2 supply ) , 5 infantry , 5 support , 3-4 tanks , 5 recon , 0-2 vehicle , 1-2 heli and 4-5 plane . 
  the 5th plane is a massive investment so it 's rather uncommon if you have 55 activation points . 
  no , fob is n't always included . 
  in most cases you 're better off without one if you 're only using mortars - that 75 points at the start of the game is in most cases a lot of points . 
  and yes , 5 cards of support is important . 
  3 cards of aa is just as important as having 5 cards of infantry . 
  you should have one high dps unit , one long-range ir anti-helo unit and then something long-range radar anti-plane unit . 
  some people even a 4th card of aa , especially if they do n't have manpads or asf . 
  and as eurasian-hk mentioned , your final 2 cards should be a mortar and a howitzer or mlrs ( granted that you or your team has a fob ) . 
  1 ) there was no continent locking , you just owned it and had -10 % resource discounts, 
  2 ) no lattice = hours of mindless ghost capping and crown/ti alloys fighting . 
  3 ) this actually is a good feature , a pretty minor one though . 
  5 ) these resulted in massive 96 + / 96 + stalemates , especially in biolab fights . 
  not my cup of tea . 
  6 ) av turrets used to be incredibly op . 
  do i want that shit back ? 
  no thanks . 
  7 ) this i can agree with, 
  8 ) ca n't recall this being the case . 
  anyway , bad shitpost is a bad shitpost . 
  good , you 've learned that low cover is bad . 
  ** the next thing you need to learn is that high cover is bad . 
  the general rule in i&i is that you need to wipe out pods before they can fire a single shot against you . 
  the best way is to blow their covers with nades and take high percentage shots against them . 
  you get higher percentages by closing in and moving to high ground . 
  if they are , let 's say , in non-destructible cover , you should retreat , hunker down in high cover ( preferably non-destructible ) , let them come to destructible cover and figure if you could do wipe the pod this time around . 
  positioning your troops in a way that they dash to your flanks is also helpful . 
  watch zemalf 's i&i playthrough if you want to learn . 
  that campaign was * literally * flawless - he did n't lose a single soldier , country or an interceptor . 
  also , you should keep in mind that i&i always requires a pinch of luck in the first two months . 
  that 's the hardest part of the game by far . 
  even zemalf had a couple moments where a sectoid had a chance to kill him . 
  [ woooo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo2cri6-upm ), 
  i can see where you are coming from , but i personally find bf3 maps terrible . 
  they were n't designed for specific gamemodes , and most of them were small and cluttered with detrimental chokepoints . 
  not to mention the whole squad spawning system mixed the flow of battle too in a negative way - it just feels like there are players * everywhere . 
  bf2 maps in the other hand nailed it . 
  the maps were more often that not long , thin , and linear - this formed clear front-lines in pretty much every single match without the grenade-infested chokepoints seen in maps like op metro , grand bazaar and seine crossing . 
  flanking was possible , yes , but it was n't * that * easy to break through the line because you had less transports * and * you had to keep your squad leader alive in order to make the move effective . 
  i 'm definitely going to play this map a lot in classic gamemode . 
  i just hope that you can capture the chinese mainbase , just like in the original . 
  that would make flanking actually worthwhile . 
  they actually did take the poll into consideration , but they wanted to make vehicle-heavy map nonetheless . 
  and they probably included bc2 and bf3 so that they did n't spoil their intentions . 
  and the next vehicle-heavy map in the list ? 
  dalian plant , followed by kubra dam . 
  yup , it 's hard to vote for earlier maps if you did n't knew if they were better or not . 
  that 's why bf3 maps gained the most votes , obviously . 
  damavand peak is a solid map , that i can agree with . 
  well , as long as you are not in the tunnel section , where you grasp the common theme from bf3 maps - nothing but chokepoints . 
  it 's so easy for the defenders to watch the main entrance plus the two side routes , making them win almost every single time . 
  and i would n't have it any other way . 
  by the way , is the chinese/russian main base capturable ? 
  that was one of my favourite features of the map . 
  bollocks . 
  indeed , most of the players simply do not know how bad the bf3 maps were when compared to bf2 . 
  these maps were horrible , horrible for 64 players . 
  more often that not the maps were just filled with tons of choke points which resulted in tremendous grenade spams , and the whole squad spawn system assured that the battles were chaotic in every single way . 
  now , what was the deal with bf2 ? 
  [ take a good look at road to jalalabad for example . 
  ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/battlefield/images/c/cd/battlefield_2_road_to_jalalabad_64_p_cq.png/revision/latest?cb=20120812185329 ) the map and limited spawning mechanics allowed battles to occur with distinctive frontlines . 
  attackers would have to push the defenders out of their flags one by one , and once they took the 3rd flag the fight would turn into city skirmish , which favoured the attacking team - they simply could attack all three flags easily at that point . 
  capturing the mec main base at the beginning was possible , yes , but there less vehicles than in bf3/4 and squad leader only spawn made sure that it was * a lot * harder , and it was very rewarding as the defenders would lose their tanks and would have to defend from two fronts . 
  all of this occurred naturally , and does happen in bf4 as well to some extent with classic preset . 
  i , for one , will definitely play dragon valley with that gamemode !, 
  dice wanted to make an old map with a vehicle-focused gameplay .
