  he 's not a peasant . . and he kinda has the point : all these different steam machines will make the consumer quite confused , especially since most of em are overpriced . 
  i 'd rather have 2-3 steam machines with different level specs rather than one though : consumer is n't that dumb . 
  yeah , you are wrong . 
  it 's not-so p2w as it used to be . 
  starting weapons are usually really good and the amount of certs you gain has been increased . 
  also , lots of weapons also costs 250/500 instead of the usual 1000 . 
  also , since it 's a massive-scale battle , the performance of a single soldier really does n't matter . 
  vehicles requires some investment/grinding though . 
  you have to remember who the target audience is : casual gamers . 
  they usually just pick up a console or a pre-built pc . 
  most of them do n't want to do some research and figure out how certain parts work ; they just want to plug-in and play !, 
  those who bother to do some research usually ends up building up their own pcs and might get really interested in new tech , just like we are . 
  your loss i guess . 
  imo it 's a great game . 
  it all depends on your personal preference . 
  first of all you want to know [ what kind of grip ] ( http://www.jorosar.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/20130926-mouse-grip.png ) you prefer . 
  most people really like palm , so that 's the one i recommend if you 're unsure . 
  second is your games . 
  if you like to play fpss , then you definitely should pick something with not too many buttons . 
  on mmos and rtss those buttons will come in handy . 
  third is the size of your hand . 
  if you have big hands then you definitely should n't pick anything small . 
  fourth is obviously the budget . 
  how much do you want to spend on your mouse ? 
  well , you must figure it out by yourself . 
  i personally use [ roccat savu . 
  ] ( http://www.roccat.org/products/gaming-mice/roccat-savu/ ) i like palm grip , shooters and i do have small hands . 
  it costed 65 $ which was imo a bit pricey but i do n't regret it . 
  on sides it had rough surfaces which are pretty worn out unfortunately . 
  i ca n't say it 's the best mouse out there , but i 'm still having a blast with it . 
  i think valve is trying to pull the same what google did with android : deliver the os for consoles , earn money from software that 's sold in it . 
  when i saw the $ 500 ibuypower machine first time , i got really excited : this could really be the console killer . 
  however , i knew the marketing was going to be a problem , but guys at valve prob . 
  know that they really need to start marketing . 
  and now when these steam machines are announced . . what the hell ? 
  not only most of them are overpriced , but they are also fucking shit . 
  there 's no question that the consumer will get confused if they get slightly interested and end up saying `` fuck it , i 'll just buy the bloody ps4 ! '', 
  so what could be done ? 
  first of all , that scan and gigabyte machines need to go . 
  these are completely shit machines that have no function or what-so-ever . 
  second , chop the prices on those other machines . 
  i know that the hardware manufacturers want to make some bloody money , but still , those prices are just abysmal . 
  they sure will scare away the average joe !, 
  third , there should be some sort of performance rating system . . sure , the money is some sort of rating system but the average joe might think that you need buy that $ 1500 machine in order to play games decently while $ 500 machines are just terrible . 
  now , all these machines are n't catastrophic , but it certainly wo n't help valve . 
  i am more concerned about the controller itself , the amount of developers actually willing to make games for it and how successful the marketing campaign is going to be . 
  do n't give up your hope !, 
  wait for the game to come out and the reviews . . then decide if this is worthy . 
  but do n't have your hopes too high : these guys also made rome 2 . 
  i must agree , they 'd prob . 
  not the first dev i would choose if i would make a horror game . 
  i must say that the gameplay looks really impressive but in the other hand , so did colonial marines . 
  i 'm glad that they really upped the mimetic skin price . . that was imo game-breaking . 
  i have a 900p monitor . . forgive me !, 
  `` small minds discuss people , large minds discuss ~ ~ events ~ ~ ideas . '', 
  you 're correct . 
  fixed . 
  yissss, 
  thank you whoever made this , i 've been waiting for it for a long time !, 
  it 's a good thing that they 're going to reduce the splash damage . 
  one of the main things why i loved scout helis in bf3 was that it required a precise aim to operate with it : now anybody who has a decent aim and can keep the chopper up can create havoc . 
  i 'll redress my mistakes soon by buying oculus rift , beefier graphics card and a 1080p monitor @ 144hz . 
  may gaben forgive my mistakes . 
  ^ ^ filthy ^ ^ 16:10 ^ ^ casual, 
  in me1 bioware obviously tried to keep romances civil . 
  ashley and kaidan were obvious choices , since they were humans . 
  liara was also an option because she can breed with every race . 
  in me2 they decided to mix up things little bit , which was a good thing !, 
  you could actually romance those who you actually cared about , and even those who did n't care ( duh , jacob ) . 
  then came me3 . . bang everyone . 
  i highly recommend you to play it . 
  even though it included some bad decisions like day 1 dlc which gave you a prothean squad member , and obviously the ending was abysmal , which made people forget how great the actual game was . 
  sure , there were some . . other bad decisions ( like crappy side-quests ) but still , the game included tons of heart-breaking moments and expanded the story quite a lot . 
  you get to see great places on me universe and you really start to feel how worthless you are against reapier invasion . 
  imo if the ending was n't so bad and no day 1 dlc , me3 would 've been the best game in the franchise . 
  also , the mp is just amazing . 
  the best thing about it is that all dlc is free . 
  it 's the best mp game that was n't designed to be primarily mp game . 
  and about that `` bang everyone '' comment . . yes , there were quite a lot new romances , especially lots of homosexual ones . 
  nothing against homos , but it just does n't feel correct . 
  the romance in the last me3 dlc was just wrong though . 
  it just feel weird that before me3 there were n't any homosexual relationships available ( expect kelly ) , but this changed in me3 . 
  three new homosexual characters and kaidan available for maleshep . . but there were some suggestion on that in me1 . 
  it kinda feels odd after having straight relationships in me1 & 2 . 
  but i guess everybody has rights on shep that they deserve - no matter what sexuality . 
  well technically liara is n't a female , so i did n't count her in . 
  and yes , there were also more total relationships . 
  and i also said it 's `` weird '' because developers did n't add homosexual relationships in the first two games . 
  you are correct though ; it is kinda comparable to changes made in cross-species relationships added in me2 . 
  i guess the fans were dissapointed in me1 because they could n't romance their favourite characters . 
  both of these changes are n't bad in any ways ( they 're good , actually ) , but it does feel odd why developers did n't do it in previous installments . 
  yes , i do agree that they look very much like females and that was their goal , but i still think that liara is not a female because there is only one sex in her race . 
  and kelly , just like liara , are bisexuals , not homosexuals . 
  in me3 there are three new characters that are attracted to the same genre . 
  it 's not a bad thing at all but it makes me wonder why previous installments , especially me2 which expanded romance options , did n't have purely homosexual relationships . 
  and yeah , i remember that me critizism in the first game . . dear god . 
  fox news is just pure comedy when it comes to proper journalism . 
  it makes afraid that there are people who take it seriously . 
   but how does that prevent a relationship with a female human from being a `` homosexual relationship '' in any non-arbitrary way ? 
  well uhh . . it does n't .
