  killing floor !, 
  it 's excellent co-op zombie horde shooter , where teamwork is essential . 
  better than l4d2 imo . 
  i do n't know . . alpha versions usually do n't have p2w elements , but maybe alpha testers saw them somehow ? 
  yeah : / i wish they would realize their mistake and get back on the drawing board , use the assets made for c&c f2p and give us full $ 60 game , with no micro-transactions or what-so-ever . 
  the ~ ~ beta ~ ~ alpha looked really cool and loyal to its predecessors . 
  i have no idea why they cancelled it . 
  when i get my frigates i always name them hms victory , hms kiri , hms le'pwa . . 
  i hope that at least somebody knows what i am talking about . 
  pc vs console is like a difference between professional and amateur porn - watch you 've seen the good stuff , there 's no turning back . 
  also , 1080p is always better than 720p in porn too . 
  apparently this game is the true sequel for battlefield 2 !, 
  screw that , getting the sequel in the first place would 've been great !, 
  now the bastards cancelled with a very suspicious explanation . . 
  yeah , i meant sequel for `` c&c '' , not for the renegade saga . 
  i do n't question your excitement about fps rts game , but getting a good rts game is much more important than `` just another fps game . '', 
  gaming market really lack good rts games : starcraft 2 has pretty much the monopoly here . 
  instead of making c&c the fps+rts thing , why not battlefield single-player instead ? 
  it is just cringe-worthy how dice is trying to push linear fps games on rails which has characters that you are supposed to care . . it 's bad !, 
  bf2 : modern combat sp with more rts elements would be perfect single-player for battlefield . . have you played it ? 
  those were the times when dice had balls to take risks and try something new and risky . . now they 're just playing safe . 
  i think this game should be a lesson to not to do the same mistake in the future . 
  for many/most people unfortunately , it is n't . 
  i learned my lesson from bf3 . 
  and i agree with you , i should 've posted this earlier . 
  but i bet i would 've been downvoted to hell and told something like `` shut up , it 's beta and everything will be fixed . '', 
   team users make up for less than half of the total players, 
  source ? 
   not even counting china, 
  that is not relevant since i really doubt that they 're selling cheats for chinese . . also , china is more fucked up than us : they have like 90 % tr ( ca n't find the source , but someone mentioned it on reddit , dunno if it 's true though ) . 
  that does n't explain `` steam users make up for less than half of the total players . '', 
  so . . tediore weaponry ? 
  mlgyolo . . oh man , he is one of the most underrated montageparody makers . . 
  i wish that he 'd make more videos : /, 
  it 's nice to see that you 're working hardly on optimization !, 
  garrus , is that you ? 
  there will be bs like tons of dlc and micro-transactions but otherwise , i am convinced that dice will make a bloody good game . 
  . . instead of that though , i wish they would make 2143 :(, 
  i guess they added that since finland was a part of sweden back then . 
  but imo it should be replaced by turku , which was the capital of finland before the russia conquered finland . 
  helsinki was nothing but a shithole before that . 
  at least this might proved that steam controller is a viable option in dota 2 . . right ? 
  i agree with you , ea did n't give enough time to finish the game . 
  why ? 
  because you people are buying their broken products . 
  this is the current attitude in gaming business : because people do buy broken games , publishers have no worries to release a broken game . 
  marketing and proper release date is much more important for them . 
  a big chunk of them came here after bf3 came out . . you can see that since the fanbase is quite terrible nowadays . 
  also iirc you can just buy a weapon for tf2 , which costs like 40 cents . 
  if you are going to buy premium headphones , then i absolutely recommend getting a soundcard . 
  i personally have [ asus xonar dgx ] ( http://www.asus.com/sound_cards_and_digitaltoanalog_converters/xonar_dgx/ ) - only 40 bucks but it gave a noticeable difference for my sennheiser hd518s !, 
  if you are going to buy even better headphones then you should buy even better soundcard , just to unlock the full potential of your headphones . 
  i am not an audiophile though so i do n't understand everything . 
  also , i highly recommend getting ** headphones ** , not headsets . 
  turtle beach & steelseries are not value for your money since there are big marketing expenses . 
  sennheiser , audio-technica , beyerdynamic . . these are the brands that i highly recommend . 
  and lastly , the microphone . . 
  i have some random logitech webcam . 
  it does it job decently and i really do n't think that you need a good microphone : if your buddies can hear you then that 's just enough . 
  imo it is mainly just nostalgia why people think it that way . 
  but there are many things where newer titles just ca n't keep up , such as higher skill cap ( no lock-on bs etc ) , better community and . . mod tools . 
  project reality is just an amazing shooter . 
  it gives me such a feeling that no other shooter can deliver , not even the arma franchise . 
  [ your post is invalid . 
  please , do not get a `` gaming headset '' . 
  most of the gaming headsets are bad . 
  so instead of that , you should get gaming headphones and a seperate microphone . 
  i had a siberia v2 . 
  i first though that they were great but later i started to figure out that gaming headphones are not-so good . 
  i decided to take a risk and bought hd518s - boom . 
  massive difference !, 
  i love them , but i would 've taken hd558s if i had the extra money . 
  also , i have asus xonar dgx soundcard , which costed 40 $ . 
  do n't get me wrong , siberia v2s aint that bad but once you actually try out proper headphones , there 's no turning back . 
  yes !, 
  absolutely yes !, 
  sennheiser headphones are just wonderful , better than any `` gaming headphone '' garbage.pc360 are open : better positional audio , but they do not isolate audio . 
  closed headphones isolate audio , have better bass but worse positional audio . 
  so , i highly recommend getting pc360 or possibly hd 518 , hd558 or hd598 . 
  also , i recommend getting a sound card for headphones priced like this . 
  i have asus xonar dgx : it costed 40 bucks but it made noticeable difference !, 
  yes , there 's a big difference !, 
  just remember to put proper ohm mode on . 
  too complex story and difficultish mechanics for him . 
  [ what i 'm expecting from dragon pass ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q1hjad0.jpg ), 
  i could use an upgrade from my hd6950 !, 
  but since there are people who need it more . . 
  i guess i wont enter . 
  i actually liked sharqi in bf3 . 
  it was the same size as the bf2 version . 
  keep in mind that there are other aspects that make the maps smaller , such as infinite sprint . 
  also , they really screwed up karkand by changing the 2nd part of the map , and wake island is . . 
  i do n't know what it is but something is missing there . 
  [ maybe the blue filter just makes it look horrible ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wju-jkfpsto&amp;t=2m20s ) yes , it bothers in other maps too but it just ruins the sunny beaches of wake . 
  also , i never liked oman . 
  not even in bf2 . 
  i have the 1gb edition . 
  i have n't really bothered looking into that unlocking thingy . . is it really that simple as people say ? 
  [ here you go !,
