  those who 've quit do not care about the game anymore ; they might sometimes randomly check in and see how the game is doing . 
  apparently it is still ( in my standards ) unplayable . 
  no , you ca n't unite geth and quarians without playing me2 . 
  there is a hidden point system that allows you to make peace , and you need 5-7 points for it . 
  in me3 you can also get these points ( saving zal ` koris and destroying geth fighter base ) , but you can only get 2 points so no peace . 
  you could exchange these values with some save game editor , but i wo n't recommend doing so , because you will get some spoilers and this really is n't the way you 're supposed to play it . 
  i recommend that you just play the me3 without changing stuff , and then get yourself me1 & 2 and do a full playthrough . 
  me1 is pretty clunky to be honest , but it 's just one of things that you have to just deal with . 
  me2 in the other hand , is a massive improvement over me1 and it 's almost as good as me3 in terms of combat etc. 
  if i said that i am not jealous , i would be lying . 
  well technically , we do not own our games either - we just have a license to play it . 
  if valve wants to shut down our steam accounts , they just can do it and we 'd lose the games too . 
  this applies to console digital media , too . 
  not just ps + / xbox gold games , but other games sold digitally too . 
  that gif just reminded me how terrible i am in swedish . 
  i do n't think that it was targeted for casual gamers ; it was made for gaming enthustiasts , like us . 
  not only the pricetag is hefty , but there is a massive learning curve , at least when compared to mobile games . 
  in an average mobile game , you learn how to play the game in few minutes . 
  in xcom , learning basic stuff takes you about an hour . 
  learning important stuff like understanding how different abilities , classes and flanking work can take you dozens of hours . 
  mastering the game like learning all the maps , spawn locations and how to properly trigger enemy groups can take you hundreds of hours . 
  well , you are not incorrect . . but i 've studied swedish for about 6 years and `` jag heter homo-peter '' is pretty much the only sentence that i know of . 
  i should know more than that , right ? 
  fuck those cunts . 
  xcom : enemy unknown for ios . 
  this game is truly a pc/console port . 
  aside from horrible textures & models , framerate , fewer maps and barely any soldier customization options , this game is one of the few games on the mobile market which offers the same thing as its pc/console counterpart . 
  controls also work pretty darn good , because it 's turn-based strategy game !, 
  it costs 20 bucks . 
  music is heavily underrated in mp games . 
  it definitely can enhance the mood of the gameplay , making it much more positive experience . 
  of course , the song must be triggered in a correct time , otherwise it would be just silly and possibly even negative . 
  red orchestra 2 tries to give the player a very depressing feel when he sees the horrors of war , so having a song like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1viv3ih5dy ) in-game is really good . 
  [ terran republic combat theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbu00mzw1ou ) in planetside 2 triggers when you are about capture/lose a facility . 
  that flamboyant theme might inspire you to fight harder if you are about to lose or it can make you feel strong when you are capturing the facility . 
  so yeah , it is fairly dissapointing how few mp games utilize music . 
  i disagree . 
  even though it is indeed fairly old title , in my opinion it is still very fresh experience , at least for a new player . 
  and i do not know what you mean about `` dry '' , but it is much more versatile experience than cod or battlefield for example , where you have a gun that shoots bullets and dozens of different variants of it . 
  if you do n't like tf2 , i 'm fine with it . 
  but do n't bring your opinions in like they were facts . 
  tf2 is a classic game that everybody should try out at least once , and determine after that if the game is good or not . 
  no , you use your right hand to do it . 
  it takes less than a second to do it . 
  you are unable to aim when you are pressing them , but this also applies to commo-rose . 
  solution ? 
  have an option to either use commo-rose or page up & down . 
  if you enjoy games that skill does matter , ** stay away from this game . 
  ** in terms of gameplay mechanics , it is absolutely broken . 
  you get shot behind the walls couple seconds after you 've dashed behind them , enemies kill you when you are n't even seeing them , strange issues like invisible hitboxes on maps will screw you over . . yes , the game does n't crash all the time but players who seek enjoyment by playing well , this game is not for them . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smyliiadwz8 ) explains well how the game is broken and [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mahe7fho88 ) proves that these issues are not gone . 
  and no , this are n't some random lucky recorded moments - this shit happens all the time . 
  so . . exalt ? 
  oh my . . kf music . 
  it 's just . . it 's perfect and cheesy at the same time !, 
  whoever decided that there should be some metal/rock playing at the background in a zombie game is a genius . 
  i really , really hope that xcom would get another expansion . 
  the game is still lacking something !, 
  civ v is currently a finished product : the second expansion fixed tons of issues which earlier versions of the game had , like poor economy and culture system . 
  xcom in the other hand is . . the end game still is pretty dull , easy and lacking something . . something challenging !, 
  no , nintendo would go mobile too . 
  their handheld devices definitely have a marketshare but let 's be honest : wiiu is pretty shit console . 
  this is out of context , but why do you have a beastly gpu combined with a crappy cpu ? 
  you wo n't find it by listening to this man . 
  i absolutely second this . 
  cod 4 definitely was something new and fresh , but most of the people just ignore all of the annoying perks and customization it causes . 
  is it any wonder that most of the pc servers ban those perks ? 
  sure , you had custom servers and all that good stuff , but in terms of gameplay , it was n't as good as most of the people remember it . 
  can u plz do minecraft ? 
  fanboys are like frontline soldiers for companies ; they do everything to prove their loyalty for their favourite company , even if it means offending other fanboys . 
  fans , like us , genuinely like the game and do recommend it for other , but they also have balls to critize the game and tell developers when they are about to implement something really bad . 
  they also can move to other franchises if the franchise which they like ends up being bad and/or a cashgrab ( source : i was bf fan ) . 
  anything that sounds like farting is dubstep in my book . 
   improved stability, 
  oh my hell yes !, 
  edit : it is still unstable as hell ( on ipad 2 ) . 
  i personally would join the military ; everybody needs to fight back if something like this would happen . 
  sure , i could go and hide into the woods , but because i have barely any survival skills and aliens would kill me eventually , that would be useless too . 
  but in real life aliens would firstly prob . 
  bombard us from the orbit , wiping out the biggest cities and other strategic locations . 
  after that they would launch a deadly virus/other deadly organism , so we would all get sick and get killed eventually . 
  after that they would just clean up the mess . 
  that 's a problem being a celebrity . 
  you will get bad comments all the time . 
  the more popular you are , the worse your feedback will be . 
  they are just things that tb just must handle , because being a celebrity also means receiving insults and taunts . 
  sure , he is n't on a level that most hollywood stars are , but 1.5 million subscribers is pretty damn big number . 
  also , tb is known from being arrogant and proving other peoples contradictions wrong , so he 's pretty easy bait . 
  i also do this on a smaller scale ; i keep arguing until my opposition either proves me wrong with good facts or he/she agrees with me . 
  i do get annoyed often and i can only imagine tb doing this all the time . 
  that being said , this is the bad part of his job . 
  it is unfortunate that celebrities must do this but there 's just nothing that he can do about it . 
  he can stop interacting with the community but the cons on that would prob . 
  be bigger than the pros . 
  well , i would say that your logic is pretty bad . 
  firstly , xfactorgaming and mattiace do play tr . 
  but that is n't the reason why tr is underpopped . 
  levelcap , xfactorgaming and sergeantmerrell barely play the game at all . 
  when they did play the game , they surely brought in many players . 
  wrel does play other factions a lot too .
