  pick sovkor armored instead . 
  you get six superheavies and plenty of other good stuff . 
  sure , your infantry is subpar but armored deck is for team games anyway . 
  me , the almighty / u/sovietpootis . 
  but on a more serious note , you really should n't play armored decks on 1vs1 or even 2vs2 unless you 're playing some cheesy high-point shit on open maps . 
  on 1vs1 you need to be able to deal with pretty much every situation . 
  with armored your infantry sucks , your recon tab sucks , your helitab sucks and your support tab is often quite bad . 
  the strength of the tank tab is obviously a large quantity of highly-vetted , high-quality tanks , and that is quite minuscule advantage in 1vs1 environment in which the infantry-oriented gameplay is quite dominant - you simply do n't need to , or even should spend so many points on tanks . 
  superheavies are also quite bloody expensive so in ranked environment it 's not really that worth calling out unless you end up playing against something like ec mech that can kill superheavies only with super nintendos . 
  sure , you can go mixed red to buff inf tab but then again your tanks suck as you do n't get any superheavies , which is kinda the whole point of armored tabs . 
  blue mixed is slightly better with pretty decent inf tab and kyu-marus , but even they really ca n't deal with the finest superheavies that coalitions have to offer . 
  so yeah , in armored deck you can either have decent infantry or superheavies , and you absolutely need the latter ones to make the armored deck good . 
   mass effect, 
  aliens were literally hitler . 
  wiping out the slavs and all that . 
  i was hoping for something like 400 $ , but i was prepared to pay up to 500 euros . 
  740 euros is wayy too much , period . 
  if the moderators deliberately deleted the thread then they have done a disgusting course of action . 
  i 've seen before what happens when moderators start censoring the content that 's uncomfortable from their point of view . 
  edit : it seems the thread is back up . 
  good on them . 
  i really hope that the price gets cut one way or another as i do n't want to wait for a potential discount . 
  usd probably wo n't devalua any time soon , unfortunately . 
  maybe if they brought a stripped package or something ? 
  i mean , i probably wo n't need the remote , i already own a ps3 controller and i am not sure if the headphones are really a necessity - i already own a pair of nice 120 $ sennheisers . 
  either that or i need to strip from my basic needs in order to get it . 
  and with my income there 's not a lot of room for extra cuts . . 
  here 's a spoiler for you : the game looks superb . 
  i have seen this shit couple of times . 
  one time i tk 'd a teammate when he stepped to my line of fire . 
  i even apologized even though it was mostly his fault . 
  nonetheless he rustled his jimmies , insulted me on multiple occasions and tk 'd me next round . 
  then there was this bomb mission . 
  a guy started fortifying between bombsites even though i specifically told not to do that as it hinders our chances to win the round . 
  so i shot the guy as he refused to listen to my advice . 
  before reviving him i told why i killed him and told him not to do that . 
  stubborn as he was he answered `` no '' , started fortifying again and then i finished him off . 
  then his buddy of some sort started tking me , called me a fucking noob with no friends etc. 
  he did n't listen to reasoning at all . 
  the irony here is that he was lvl 100 + . 
  i wanted to win the game . 
  with fortified walls between the objectives it gives the defenders a major disadvantage . 
  attackers only need to figure which site has 2 or less defenders , take it , and defend against a retake which will be very easy . 
  i warned him on multiple occasions not to do that . 
  but no , he just started slapping walls on holes that i carved with my shotgun . 
  he had the tk coming . 
  that particular spot ? 
  absolute not , 4vs5 might have been a more favourable position than one point of entry . 
  i really did n't like to kill him but he did n't listen to reason . 
  hopefully he at least learned the lesson , but judging from his reaction he did n't . 
  the game is still quite early so it 's not surprising that people do such a beginner mistakes . 
  not exactly , it really does n't hurt the team effort whoever gets the kill . 
  his action did . 
  besides , kills can be a team effort if the other guy manages to bait him and give up his position . 
  sure , my team kill surely did hinder it as well . 
  but he was ruining my perfect tachanka position that would have allowed me to defend two bombsites . 
  talking reason to him did n't prevent him from doing what he was doing either . 
  perhaps my knee-jerk reaction was a wrong thing to do , but i genuinely would have played 4vs5 instead of that wall separating the sites . 
  i really do n't see the point of this unit outside of sk decks . 
  kyu-maru is obviously heavier tank so it 's suited better for your superheavy roles , but you can also take two cards of those , meaning that you usually do n't need backup for your 4 superheavies . 
  it 's not even more cost-efficient as a medium tank killer since kyu-maru gets 12rpm . 
  blitz has a giant head hitbox as his huge helmet is counted as his head . 
  i recommend trying out fbi recruit , arguably the best shield in the game . 
  you get 2/2 speed ( very good against nitro cell ) , smaller hitboxes , two amazing pistols and you can pick breaching charge/smoke and flashbang/he grenade . 
  this is a wrong opinion . 
  there 's a recruit for each ctu . 
  each recruit has a different set of equipment , like unique weapons for example . 
  some have shields , some do n't . 
  not sure if armor values and gadgets vary as well . 
  generally speaking recruits are worthless . 
  you do n't get a unique gadget , and general gadgets come in smaller quantities as well . 
  ( fbi ) rookie shield has an edge in a way that it has a flavor that no other shield operative has : 2/2 speed/armor . 
  other operatives are slow with their 3 armor , making them very vulnerable against nitros . 
  with 2 speed you have a better chance to dodge the package . 
  pistols for fbi are great as well , arguably better than blitz/montage . 
  i 've seen some highly skilled players pick this class and mopped the floor with it . 
  with a near-instant ads time it 's very hard to counter a rookie shield who knows what he 's doing . 
  he said in the video that someone else should take the wire . 
  extra c4 is always useful ( especially for lurker ) , no point not taking that . 
  assuming that 's a legit dice tag , you are probably repressed for not being able to tell yet what the next battlefield is . 
  personally i hope that it 's . . well , check out my flair for a hint . 
  the wrc license would have been nice very nice because of this . 
  but then again they surely cost money and i 'm not sure if fia can dictate some of the terms in contract , like if olders cars are allowed to add or how realistic the game is etc. 
  maybe that 's the case in us , but here in europe for example most prisons focus on rehabilitation instead of punishment . 
  studies suggest that maxing out on punishment is far from being effective for making the prisoner back again a productive member of the society . 
  in fact , the whole criminal system in the states is fucked up from the ground up . 
  i recommend checking john oliver to see more on the subject matter , he covers it pretty broadly . 
  let 's just get realism out of the way . 
  in real-life situations the attackers bring overwhelming numbers to the scene . 
  for example , air france flight 8969 was 30 gign operatives vs 4 hijackers . 
  the challenge is not whether they can kill the terrorists , it 's about taking minimum casualties and making sure that the hostages survive . 
  the amount of prisoners sentenced for their crimes is one of the key factors for analyzing the criminal justice system . 
  us has a staggering amount of 756 prisoners per 100k citizens , while most european countries have about 100 per 100k . 
  of course , this does n't speak directly for the quality of prison treatment , but a prison sentence itself is a punishment as there are alternatives such as community service . 
  i guess i phrased my sentence ( pun not intended ) poorly as i count prison sentences themselves as a punishment itself , especially the long sentences . 
  on top of lengthy prison sentences the us also have a large reconviction/reimprisonment rates . 
  if 36 % of 762 per 100k prisoners return in three years , that 's huge compared to germany 's 35 % of 89 per 100k . 
  if germany can keep a vastly smaller group composed mostly of violent criminals , why does us keep out similar percentage with a large portion non-violent in that 762 as well ? 
  what is the point of punishing if the criminals did n't hurt other people and prisons wo n't make a change in their lives ? 
  as the statistics points out , there is a staggering amount of prisoners sitting in for committing non-violent crimes , especially drug-related .
