  if they do n't do that then bf3 will be the last bf i will ever buy . 
  i personally do not understand why the hell this was not included in bf3 pc version . 
  there is not a single good argument why it should n't be included . 
  is this some way to promote origin ? 
  i do n't know but it is very fucking stupid . 
  bf is squad-based game and communication with random guys is very important . 
  if they had done commo-rose well then i maybe i would be fine . 
  but seriously , new commo-rose sucks . 
  fascist !, 
  those things you are holding have different colors than the background ones . . 
  i remember when catherine built statue of liberty . 
  hey that 's actually quite impres ... oh . 
  you missed the 2-min disco :p, 
  the 2-min disco was the surprise i guess, 
  last 2 minutes of the alert, 
  he also mentioned that buggy and max weapons are coming to next week playtest, 
  brtd was there too . 
   20 dollars, 
  ftfy, 
  the pain, 
  this is actually quite interesting idea . 
  here 's my suggestion :, 
  each time a unit gets promotion there is up to 25 % chance that it will be removed from the game . 
  the higher promotion the higher the chance is . 
  great generals and admirals will be removed after 5 turns . 
  france - ludvig xiv, 
  when you are in golden age your cities are starving . 
  this effect can be removed by choosing freedom policy but 20 % of the population will be removed . 
  i 'm betting that boudicca can do some major damage but she will lack the firepowerr to finish the job . 
  yeah , i really did have fun too !, 
  i was surprised that the ping did n't effect my gameplay ( well , expect the time when you killed with shotty ) . 
  and i believe higby was pulling my dick . 
  after he announced the `` surprise '' i yelled and demanded some smedbucks ( he was on the same region ) . 
  after that my character just locked and started to do other strange shit . 
  navy seal copypasta ? 
  here on miller the biggest fights happen on the chatbox . . / y is the meta . 
  fix the damn refresh bug !, 
  every time i come back from a post to r/battlefield , every or most of the posts will disappear . 
  hitting f5 does not help and only way to fix it is to click the r/battlefield link from above . 
  this happens only on this subreddit . 
  i have also tested this with my smartphone and the same bug occurs . 
  i have n't done pure renegade walkthrough . 
  maybe i should . 
  yeah , it 's fixed, 
  here 's another awesome bug : when you trial a gun it will stay permanently with you . 
  you ca n't buy any attachments though : /, 
  i am not sure but i think you can , because atleast in team fortress 2 windows , mac and linux players can play together . 
  prob . 
  in other source games too . 
  which one you prefer ; playing alone and you care more about the story or do you just want to blow shit up ( possibly with your friends ) ? 
  while a religion is a really good buff it is not definitely necessary in any victory condition . 
  i would say it is difficult but not too difficult . 
  if both factions have like 100 uranium and high production in cities then maybe it would make the opposing faction scared . 
  i know in reality russia has about 10k nukes and us 8k nukes but still , a single nuke in civ 5 has much greater blast radius than in real life . 
  imagine if cold war happens and they bombard the enemy with such massive amounts of nukes then the effect would be devastating on both sides . 
  too bad that true nuclear fallouts are not possible since you can just remove the fallout . 
  hmm . . interesting idea . 
  i 'll add it to my post . 
  if you are buying it because of me2 , do n't . 
  you need all 3 games to get the true mass effect experience . 
  you have some valid points but if you are about to finish the project then the enemy would nuke the crap out of you so you ca n't achieve victory . 
  agreed . 
  my point is that both sides will have tons uranium when they discover it more . 
  whoops , i forgot to mention those . 
  maybe it should be just like africa , expect some socialism pressure ? 
  i would count england as a city which is under us control . 
  they are so close allies that if us does something then england will follow . 
  no problem man !, 
  only if you can pronounce `` perkele '' though . . 
  fuck you , you just copied my idea !, 
  haha , just kidding :p this looks nice even though there 's only europe and middle east . 
  city places and names could be better though . . as an finn i feel almost insulted in what places the cities are and what they are called . 
  veasa is vaasa , tornea is torneo and there is no city called snima . 
  also , this looks quite unbalanced ( like the soviet combat bonus . ), 
  i must test this out and i 'll tell my feedback then !, 
  saimaa is a lake , not a town . 
  hmm . . acceptable . 
  you might need some extra practice though . 
  here , take [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypqurehwe8o ), 
  there many types of anarchy . 
  one of the types is called unacceptable . 
  this belongs to that category . 
  here 's a tip for you : if you are one of those warmongering types then you should always have a lead on science . 
  having better science means that you can destroy opponents more easily because you have better units . 
  getting those first science wonders will give you a big science boost and truly an upper hand . 
  what about the uu ? 
  does it have prpoer models or is it just some copy-paste ? 
  i do not know why but kinda looks like . . cute, 
  the humor is much better too in bl2 . 
  imo in bl1 the humor was pretty good but it was sometimes annoying rather than funny . 
  in bl2 they just nailed it . 
  optics are just personal opinions . 
  i personally love 2x . 
  it gives you enough zoom that you can see targets at distance but you will not get so much zoom that it will effect your cqc abilities . 
  i personally prefer 3.4 x ( the one with a red dot ) for tmg-50, 
  i wish that would be the case with mod tools . 
  designers are finally realizing that skull and hockey masks were dumb . 
  i was just about to post this . 
  `` armchair general '',
