  think about it . 
  alcohol made in finland is delivered to estonia due to profits . 
  then the people living here go to the same route to deliver that stuff back into the country . 
  it 's just absurd how much excess pollution is caused just by those cruises ( 80km per direction and tighter regulation than those infamous oceanic cruises , but these travels are made on a daily basis ) . 
  then you take trucks that deliver the stuff to stores into account and cars who drive hundreds of kilometers just to get to the harbor . . yeah . 
  if damage done against armor is 10 or less , it is halved . 
  if damage done against armor is more than 10 , it is -5 . 
  for example , junkrat damage goes from 120 to 115 , which is not a big reduction . 
  winston tesla cannon goes from 60dps to 30dps ( from 3 damage per round to 1.5 ) , which is a massive difference . 
  duck and cover . 
  the document merely scratched on food security . 
  starvation in western countries is surely a looming threat that would scare a shitload of people . 
  emphasizing that with 4c + world could 've probably done a better job than orangutans dying in a rainforest that most people probably do n't care about . 
  [ we 're almost there . 
  ] ( http://psc.apl.uw.edu/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/schweiger/ice_volume/bpiomasicevolumeaprsepcurrent.png ) in 1979 the minimum volume was 17000 km ^ 3 . 
  now they 've gone just above 5000 km ^ 3 . 
  as they say , ignorance is bliss . 
  you have figured the ugly truth . 
  know this , though : with clinton , or even with sanders or stein , the action truly needed to avert this mess would n't be enough . 
  our way of life is based on consumption , which in return correlates directly with burning fossil fuels . 
  in order to have a chance to stop this mess before it truly gets ugly , we would have to completely change our lifestyles . 
  well , what can you do about it ? 
  informing people is the biggest step . 
  tell them how consumption-based lifestyle is unsustainable , has been around for only 50 years , and we will face the consequences . 
  however , you probably are n't among the first ones to experience the worst once shit hits the fan . 
  move to a region that will cope with warming better than the others . 
  you will witness hundreds of millions facing conflict/starvation , do n't be among them . 
  if you take proper precautions , the worst thing that you might face is only seeing the world going to shit ( already happening ) , your purchasing power lowering and food prices soaring . 
  still , it should be worth noting that people during the cold war were confident that they were going to be the last generation . 
  it sounded logical with both sides having tight tensions and owning enough firepower to kill us all . 
  so * maybe * we can somehow get ourselves out of this mess , and you could help by getting an education/working on a field that would help solving the problem . 
  he 's correct about cows producing staggering amounts of emissions . 
  [ animal agriculture produces about 14-18 % of the world 's emissions ] ( http://www.skepticalscience.com/how-much-meat-contribute-to-gw.html ) , with beef being the biggest of it by far . 
  also , deforestation happens mostly due to demand for animal agriculture . 
  i know , meat is tasty , but we can manage without it . 
  these would be relatively trivial cuts if we were serious about climate change . 
  while this technology certainly does n't seem impossible , the scale seems to point out a. . challenge . 
  we emit about 36 gigatonnes of co2 annually , which is 9,7 gigatonnes of carbon . 
  for comparison we produce about 1,6 gigatonnes of steel annually , which means we 're supposed to pull 6 times of that in pure carbon from atmosphere . . 
  . . just so that we go carbon neutral . 
  yes , there is plenty of room for emission cuts , but we are still completely dependent on fossil fuels . 
  we need them for utility and food . 
  heck , building green tech also causes pollution . 
  and we also need to * reduce * co2 levels from 400 + ppm to preferably below 350 . 
  now , i 'm not saying that this is * impossible , * but just by looking at the math makes me very pessimistic . 
  we also have to consider the reality : our leaders do n't act like it 's a planetary emergency , they still aim for more economic growth . 
  also panserbil !, 
  ] ( http://cdn.potatopro.com/cdn/farfuture/glzqsexfzk6cmyj0qzt6vkq_0czvthldns6rlejtyb8/mtime:1453417793/sites/default/files/pictures/nasa-global-temperature-series-809.jpg ), 
  stop it eugen , i can only get so hard !, 
  heck , even i get included in the game as a part of novost\u00e4ki squad since i 'm a god-tier c-man . 
  ( btw , it 's called nostov\u00e4ki . ), 
  well , we do get spike , atgm xa-180 ( with rbs-56 ? ), 
  and the modded t-72 . 
  from the description it could be a formidable tank . 
  also lahti 20mm . . lol . 
  that thing became obsolete when t-34 's became a thing . 
  oh , is this * your * flair ? 
  i 've had it since the flag was released !, 
  have n't just posted here for a while . . 
  the lack of atgm planes + proper atgm helos certainly makes tanks finland 's weakness . 
  not a country you would want to bring on big , open maps . 
  you want ussr with crotale , spike , sf with at&aa , cqc specialists with versatile , cost-effective transport options ? 
  all ussr weaknesses removed ? 
  unless you have like 40 activation points , that would be so overpowered . 
  ok you can have it , i 'll change . 
  [ m72 's with incompetent troops . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61crucxdsva ), 
  amos would like to have a word with you . . 
  ( also , does finland get amos ? 
  if sweden gets it then so should finland . ), 
  buying a used sodastream is one of the smartest things i 've done for a while . 
  carrying those damn vichy bottles was a nuisance since i drink a lot of that stuff . 
  ( except sodastream is only carbonated water but it 's pretty much the same thing . ), 
  reading about that arctic methane during summer made me freak the fuck out . 
  is the world really coming to an end within a decade ? 
  then i started seeing the whole picture . 
  we 're so dependent on fossil fuels , drought/soil degradation/over-fishing/ocean acidification threatens our food supply , we ignore/aren ' t even aware of these issues , we lack the political to do anything serious about the issues . . until it all collapses . 
  if the tipping point for catastrophic methane release has n't been crossed yet , we will warm the planet so much that they will eventually melt . 
  heck , even if it does n't happen we 're still fucked . 
  i 'll be honest with you , it has degraded my mental health . 
  everything was going so well - i got to study what i wanted , found a perfect apartment . . and then i figured about the truth . 
  not very fun knowing about how even at the best-case scenario things wo n't end up being well . 
  is n't this the case with most armies , especially those that have conscription ? 
  like the bulk of the army gets their training and then are moved to reserves until a war happens or something . 
  and the `` reservists '' in the game are the ones that you use in combat when you have ran out of trained/fit men . 
  well , their argument is that regulation and government enforcing such as this is what makes these systems bad . 
  when government oversees something people have no motivation to create well-functioning utilities , no motivation to use granted money efficiently , which makes projects like these very expensive , and probably not even functioning . 
  without regulation people have motivation to create money , which leads to competition , which leads to lower prices and more efficiency , which makes water cheap and easily accessible for everyone . . 
  . . well , that 's their argument , and we certainly know what they spout is just a bunch of nonsense . 
  i think their argument is that in an ancap society everything has become very efficient due to competition ( because the nature of capitalism * does n't * lead to monopolies , they just occur due to governments granting these for them ) , and everyone is capable to do work that allows them to purchase necessities . 
  and if they 're crippled etc. 
  then their relatives will take care of them , or charities will if they 're all alone . 
  * checks comment history *, 
  well , i suppose some people just happen to be evil . 
  [ do you believe in magic ~ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycppdljfo48&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=51s ), 
  hornet might get 2 extra aim-9, 
  mclos plane with 35 % acc 20ap, 
  crotale ng is 3,3 k helo , 3,5 k plane , radar, 
  lahti rpm apparently too powerful , gets nerfed, 
  and they mentioned that they 're still wip stats .
