  how does that relate to my comment ? 
  you should do a video about giraffes . 
  i think the ues campaign was successful . 
  seananners was the only one who actually could 've brought new players into this game . 
  or maybe just people join the game prefer the ` murica fuck yeah faction . 
  there must be some logical explanation for this , like keyboards are qwerty because typing is easier because the most popular keys are separate . 
  damn , i expected edited reapers -, 
  i do know those extra bonuses , but still , 500sc is too little . 
  you are asking too much . 
  my loss . 
  there 's nothing i can do about it , either just look at my name !, 
  k cool . 
  i have n't noticed this . 
  agreed , but on amerish there is a huge fight only on one base . 
  finland is a nice choice too !, 
  100/10 for 20 $ . 
  and i do live in a town which has 70k population . 
  good idea , but i would n't pay 500 certs for that . 
  once you go fight somewhere you already know what kinda equipment you need . 
  and if you figure out that your equipment is ineffective in this situation , you can just change it after you die or find an terminal , and there is usually plenty of them around . 
  sunderers , hacked terminals , outposts . . 
  i think this idea would be waste of certs and utility slot . 
  also while short-reloading the tmg-50 , you hear when the bullet gets loaded to the chamber , just like in long reload . 
  i do not understand why everybody hates annihilators . 
  it is one of the things that actually promote teamwork in this game . . 
  come here to esamir . 
  usually we have good fights , but sometimes we do have even larger fights than at the indar !, 
  * terran republic *, 
  come and visit miller . 
  vs has no role in fighting there . 
   info coming by monday, 
  [ finally !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3alwkeseys ), 
  i approve this !, 
  there would be a huge hole at crown on every server . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bxf6i4w.jpg ) is my ps2 rainmeter theme . 
  not fancy at all , but decided to mix something up when i was bored , 
  totalhalibut is one of the biggest reasons why planetside 2 did become popular . 
  because of him many people came aware about this game ( including me ) , because he showed some alpha footage . 
  so yeah , it is your duty to watch his handsome face , you like it or not . 
  it could be possible that i might never hear about planetside 2 without him . 
  soe is absolutely terrible at marketing and without tb i thank that this game would have atleast 50 % less players . 
  and i 've seen those shitty ads on the internet , and if i did n't know about ps2 , i would only think `` oh , another shitty f2pmmo pay to win , i do n't care . '', 
  i am not saying that everybody should like tb . 
  but tb has done a big role promoting this game . 
  many people who prob . 
  heard about this game through tb , but i think his subscribers spread the word about this game , through social media , mouth-to-mouth , and through other different sources . 
  and those who got amazed still continued to spread the world . 
  ps2 is one of the best examples of wom . 
  sure , we had the auraxium challenge and ues but wom has a major role in alpha and beta stages . 
  think it in this way : politics are very important . 
  if you do n't give a shit about it you still must follow it somehow and give your votes . 
  i know the money has a big part in his business , but he 's been a gamer for over 20 years right now and the job he is doing right now is basically a dream job for him . 
  and he is doing great content and great reviews , so i have no problems that he gets paid for doing so . 
  also , tb said that if he does n't like the game he will not promote it . 
  that makes him different from people like tobuscus . 
  they do anything to get the money , no matter they enjoy it or not . 
  i think we 're done here . 
  this is so wrong.the only major difference between old and new smg is that the new one has 30 extra bullets . 
  this is so wrong !, 
  i knew soe would stab my back if i 'd buy first smg right away . 
  the bullet damage is the same . 
  larger ammo reserves is only one extra reason why new smg is superior . 
  also , both smgs are terrible at long-range so i think new ads is only a minor difference . 
  play this at the background for extra mood :, 
  they do not bother me at all . 
  lies . 
  there are huge fights at esamir every day . 
  if it 's not the same then it sucks, 
  you must be very bored . 
  just wait for the summer sales . 
  then grab whatever you want . 
  i have played only infamous 1 . 
  i got it for free when ps3 got hacked back in april ' 11 . 
  yeah , it is a very good game , not sure about infamous 2 . 
  i think it 's just an upgraded version of if1 . 
  i know that the main characters from if1 will be in if2 , that 's all . 
  please check the r/masseffect after you 've finished with the trilogy !, 
  [ bad rats ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sztn-yikf4 ), 
  get the planetside 2 . 
  it 's free , and basically is a battlefield in the future with 2000 players on 64sqkm maps . 
  mag is nothing compared to this . 
  we do have quite good subreddit . 
  also , pick the right server !, 
  currently some servers do have too little population because there was added too little servers at the launch so devs slapped some extra servers and after few weeks later the player base started to dwindle . 
  if you live west coast , pick helios . 
  if east coast , mathersson or waterson . 
  if eu , take miller , cobalt or ceres . 
  yu fucking retard the ps3 powerchip is 1000x times better !!, 
  i do n't think so . 
  the sugar and the spit makes the bubblegum sticky . . i think . 
  agreed . 
  [ here 's the video . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk5f7az5diy ), 
  yeah but he only makes minecraft videos . . 
  i recommend you to test f2p games before buying anything . 
  i highly recommend planetside 2 and team fortress 2 . 
  also i have heard a lot good about hawken but i have n't tested out it anything . 
  also , world of tanks . 
  kill her .
