  either the platforms need a price buff and/or atgm 's in general ( especially low-end ones like maluytka/milan 1 ) need buffing . 
  ye i agree with the latter statement . 
  you mean bushmaster , the one that fires a lot slower than 2a72 ( which is nearly as accurate and can be 100 % at close range ) , and thus dealing less dps ? 
  ehh . . 
  newsflash : btr-90 is the strongest ifv against infantry in the game . 
  it has a grenade launcher and a 2a72 , both of which are very efficient vs inf but they can be fired at the same time : they can stunlock and eliminate squads in a heartbeat , faster than any other autocannon platform in the game . 
  blufor has better anti-vehicle ifv 's but btr-90 is by far the best against inf . 
  atgm 's may be better on blufor but then again these things are n't meta : map design does n't allow that many great atgm emplacements and 2nd accuracy rolls limits their usage too . 
  let 's be frank here ( pun intended ) ; it was obnoxious that an armored car from the world fucking war 2 was more effective than most military equipment of the late cold war . 
  out of all places , why did higby move into somalia ? 
  well , it is shit ( and you know that too , probably ) , but you really ca n't have anything better with the worst nation in the game . 
  at long as you have fun that 's fine i suppose , just do n't expect too many good results against an opponent with equal skill . 
  you sure you need the command tank ? 
  it 's a hefty investment and takes many activation points . 
  if you 're rolling with fob and atacms then you 'd also better remove hemmt and add 10 point trucks , they 're so much better for repairing units . 
  also , move your command inf into blackhawk . 
  i 'd remove one card of canadian rifles and add more airborne . 
  if you have a desire for cheap fodder then go for it . 
  i 'd add that ags for that sweet sweet dps . 
  mbt-70 works fine too as an anti-infantry tank . 
  consider adding cev or ontos into your vehicle tab , they 're excellent fire support . 
  flame vehicles are great too in certain situations . 
  expensive bombers are not my cup of tea , but if it 's suits then sure , why not . 
  remove the raven , though , spending 140 points for a sead in ranked is not worth it . 
  also , you need some radar spaags in your vehicle tab . 
  either remove mortars or patriots from your support tab . 
  avenger is also excellent , discussed below . 
  the atacms is an odd pick but i 'm sure you have your reasonings for it . 
  each supply truck does its job at the same speed , but using multiple trucks at the same time fastens the job . 
  a stack of four 10-point trucks repairs units 4 times faster than a single 40-point truck , and that gives a major advantage for smaller trucks in that aspect . 
  you absolutely need that repair speed in maps like wonsan harbor . 
  4x of 10-point trucks is 2000 supply , while a single 40-point truck is 2400 . . so there is n't that big of a difference in terms of cost efficient . 
  with decent supply microing you should have enough supplies , especially since you have a fob . 
  okay , the trucks are quite slow and fragile , but hemmt is not a tank either by any means . 
  and i disagree with your statement that you do n't need avenger/radar spaag . 
  your deck lacks a short range , high dps aa unit . 
  avenger can sling missiles at an insane speed , and a pair of them grants more often than not a kill against a cocky plane . 
  spaags on the other hand always deal damage and suppression damage , which works perfectly in synergy with other aa pieces . 
  pivads can also be your saving grace if you 've mismicroed your patriot , losing a single spaag against a sead would be a lot better trade-off . 
  i do n't think taiwan is using m1a2 's lol . 
  you should be able to place her in the gym . . as a punching bag . 
  ye but that 's still in the future while red dragon occurs in the 90 's . 
  imo they would be a very poor choice for your authentic deck . 
  maybe you should go general blufor ? 
  you could add things like m41 's , f-5 's and mirage 2000 's to your deck . 
  hans are pretty good alternative for chu-mats albeit they have only 13ap . 
  nonetheless bd support tab completely fulfills your aa needs . 
  amos is from 2007 doe, 
  slaying unarmed teens is hardly an achievement . . jesus that was a tasteless joke . 
  i suppose that 's one of the reasons why finns are dominant in racing , especially in rally . 
  from my personal experience i can tell you that roads like are very common in finland , and that could be one of the reasons on why the pool of potential here is larger than in most countries . 
  now of course , you rarely , if ever get a chance to drive them at decent speed , but driving them normally or just sitting in the car most definitely generates potential racers . 
  b-5 is actually from the late 1940 's . 
  tunguskas are absolutely worth as it 's prob . 
  the only aa piece in the game that can consecutively kill planes and wreck nasty helis like longbows too at the same time . 
  for openers it 's a waste , though . 
  100 points is just too much for a slow aa piece when you need to spread shit around + have enough combat troops for the initial offensive . 
  there 's nothing niche about superior firepower : the cannons on tunguska are some of the highest , if not the highest gun-based dps in the game . 
  this is the unit that you want to purchase if enemy invests heavily on planes and helis . 
  it nearly guarantees you kills , especially if the attack vector of the enemy bomber is poor . 
  buks and tors ca n't do this particular job alone . 
  the tunguska forces the enemy to invest in sead if he wants his bombers to have a chance to come home , but in that case the tunguska can still retaliate with its 7he missiles . 
  tunguska-m is a superb unib . 
  yes , it is expensive , but it does it job perfectly : fend off helicopters and shoot down bombers . 
  of course you should n't buy it in openers and/or if the enemy does n't use air assets a lot . 
  on one hand , downvoting comments that do not contribute to the discussion is a legitimate thing to do . 
  on the other hand though , you do get downvoted here way too often for no good reason . 
  do you have a nemesis of some sort ? 
  a thousand or so consecutive player is n't that bad tbh . 
  rts as a genre has been in a vast decline , so pulling numbers like that for a niche title is quite solid . 
  panzergrenadiere '90 in marder 2 . 
  the infantry squad is a great all-around shock unit as they have mg3 and panzerfaust 3 , and marder 2 is the best ifv in the game - it would be foolish not to pick that . 
  imo you should pick another squad of infantry - you can never have enough infantry in your tab ( unless you go mechanized or motorized ) . 
  ditch the mistral and add . . maybe another panzergrenadiere 90 squad in m113 ? 
  also , move your fsj '90 in wheels - it 's a crucial unit since it has the best carbine in the game , better than redfor variants . . and ** carbines in this game are far superior than assault rifles . 
  ** reinforcing that unit swiftly with helos is not always possible . 
  maybe move your commandos para to helicopter ? 
  commandos para does n't exactly fulfill the same role as fsj . 
  sure , commandos para can fight , but it has vastly inferior equipment over fsj . 
  their primary role is spotting : you can deploy these to the frontline or use them on enemy flanks : their optics allows you to spot incoming units , namely planes , which should help you to prepare . 
  they can also snipe cv 's if opportunity is given . 
  using helicopters of course gives you a better chance to deploy units in the said places . 
  [ mrw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1dnqkguezo ), 
  or they could just make cluster bombs useful . 
  as of now anything outside of viggen and its mj\u00f6lnir with 10ap are useless . 
  or you know , you could use the mother of all recoilless rifles : ontos . 
  yes , logistics is more or less an issue with that thing , but the 6-burst on that thing is bloody worth it . 
  eh , 20 points for that is n't that bad . 
  i guess cs is better all-around unit , but ontos with 12 ap heat and 3he . . 
  i just love it . 
  works very well against light vehicles and decently against heavier stuff . 
  eugen did n't even bother to finish ship sfx lol . 
  the ship 's engines do not make any sounds , they just sail silently . 
  well . . let 's just say that you did n't need to truly learn the game in order to play vanilla , but in long war you absolutely must . 
  so if you struggle in base game then i probably would n't recommend it . 
  get your feet wet by finishing classic ironman on vanilla game , and then it is the time to move to lw imo . 
  i 'd say that the lack of 3ap/0he napalm mlrs is disturbing . 
  they 're such amazing units since they 're cheap . . so they 're spammable !, 
  my experience was the opposite tbh - most squad leaders do n't have any issues with newbs , and they 're welcome to help you . 
  as long as you join infantry squads , ** use microphone , ** mention that you are a noob and listen to orders then you 're fine .
