  steam version is still not working for most of the eu players , mine is working but two of my friends tried to use steam version unsuccessfully . 
  also , eu servers are absolutely broken . 
  servers do lag sometimes , miller is not working atm , queue is broken , and eu servers generally have problems !, 
  thank you for reading this . 
  so basically , which one is better ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  it was night . 
  i was flying my liberator , securing an outpost . 
  there is a mountain in front of me . 
  i was all the time get hitted by flak damage , but i could n't see anything where it was coming from . 
  i asked did my gunner see any lightnings , and he said no . 
  there was 30 tanks securing that outpost , so we knew it was not coming below . 
  we flied to the same place , and again , flak damage coming from same direction . 
  i decided to move closer , if i could see anything . 
  when i was about 400 meters away from the damage source . 
  i got hits more rapidly , but i still could n't see anything . 
  i went to 150-200 meters , the flak bullets hitted me very fast . 
  it was like skyguard was shooting me from very close . 
  and i just could n't see anything where it was coming from . 
  then i decided to pull out , but i crashed , and i did n't see what it was . 
  but i knew it was right in front of me , and i could n't see anything . 
  cases like these have happened to me before , and it just disgusting how ground troops & vehicles can see everything but aircraft is restricted . 
  i flied about 150 meters above from a outpost which enemies were about to capture , with a mosquito . 
  5 seconds , i was dead . 
  i was shot down by two aa maxes , but the second one did only 17 % damage . 
  i did n't have any flak protection bonuses , but still , is n't 5 seconds too little ? 
  i had one second to realize that i was under attack , but that is not enough to escape . 
  just read the title, 
  is this dlc still alive ? 
  i had this game and vietnam dlc on ps3 , but i sold my ps3 year ago anymore . 
  i already bought myself bad company 2 , but i 'm not sure is there any players left on vietnam . 
  btw i am looking for eu rush all maps servers, 
  i have 9 ref + some sweets ( such as mann 's mint etc ) in my backpack . 
  add me and lets discuss !, 
  so , sound bugs . 
  seems like devs have n't noticed these . 
  i play 95 % of my time as a tr , and they have so many of them . 
  i do n't know if any of these apply to nc or vs , but they are on tr side . 
  here 's a list of i remember :, 
  - if you reload while sprinting while using a carbine , shotgun or an assault rifle , you can hear the magazine going twice inside . 
  you can also hear the bullet loaded twice to the chamber , if the mag was empty before you reloaded . 
  - t7 chaingun makes empty rotation sound after the gun starts to fire , not before . 
  - if a liberator is far enough from you , the dalton & zepher explosions wo n't render , and basically , you will take damage from explosions you ca n't see or hear . 
  this is annoying if you 're in a vehicle , and it just looks like your vehicle health is just draining . 
  - if you reload tmg-50 , it sounds like bullet gets loaded to the chamber every time , even if you did n't have an empty magazine . 
  - if you fire a single bullet with a full auto gun with a full-auto mode , it sounds like it fires two bullets instead of one . 
  if the gun has single-fire mode and you fire with that , it sounds correct . 
  i have tested this with all of my full-auto guns , and only max miniguns seems to sound correct . 
  because of this , if you rapidly tap your gun while on full auto mod , it sounds like it fires alot faster than it does . 
  - sometimes if you are flying a mosquito , and your camera is on cockpit , the engines and the guns are barely hearable . 
  if you change to third person view , all audio sound just fine . 
  this bug seems to be fixed however , because i have n't noticed it for a long time . 
  if you have something else to add for this list , please add them to comments , and i 'll add them to list :, 
  - the prowler & lightning turret turning sound sometimes gets stuck . 
  if that happens , it sounds like the turret is all the time turning , but much louder . 
  exiting the tank will fix this . 
  - you can hear your own footsteps if you 're in a vehicle . 
  this is possibly nc exclusive . 
  also , other than the flak speed , is the skyguard really that useless ? 
  a big problem in this game is vehicles . 
  massive tank swarms which you refuse to fight as an infantry trooper , esfs that pick you like little ants if you step outside , liberators that hurt you if there is n't aa around . . 
  lets make them more expensive !, 
  i am fine with flash , sunderer , lightning , liberator and galaxy prices . 
  they are not the most efficient tool in the battlefield , and sunderer already costs already alot . 
  if an mbt costs 500 vehicle resources , it will become much more valuable . 
  losing one requires you to wait for more resources , and especially if you are low on vehicle resource bases . 
  i am not saying that this will stop tank zergs , but it will make them smaller . 
  defending bases would be easier if there is n't coming so many tanks to reinforcing the zerg . 
  also , since magrider  vanguard  prowler , prowlers should be less expensive than magriders . 
  i am not sure about the price , but 525  500  475 sounds fine to me . 
  also , air can be pain in the ass too . 
  esfs are too cheap imo , because a single esf can make lots of harassment , distraction and damage . 
  i am suggesting that scythes cost 350 , mosquitoes 325 and reavers 300 , but i think that a great pilot can keep his economy stable . 
  i am actually fine with the liberator price , because they promote teamwork . 
  random pilot & gunner pair can be ineffective . 
  i am not gon na even mention solo libs . 
  but , if the esf prices gets risen the libs should cost 400 . 
  and also , this also promotes to hc players buy membership , because you are usually low on resources and premium membership and boosts are the only way to get more resources . 
  thoughts ? 
  there was an enemy sunderer , which was pretty much trapped . 
  i had lightning he and i started to shoot it . 
  i did n't notice that there was an friendly and i shot him . 
  i killed the sundie , and he asked : are you fucking blind ?? 
  i responded to him , i said that i was sorry , told that you can so easily tk in this game , especially with he rounds . 
  then i asked him was he planting mines near that sundie or what . 
  that was n't enough for him , and he decided to blow me up with his c4 . 
  and , vanu had capped 80 % of the continent , so i just spent my last resources to that tank . 
  i got so pissed that i ordered him to kill himself . 
  then i rage-quitted . 
  have you met other assholes like these ? 
  toby has n't uploaded in 4 days , and almost every comment is saying how stupid he is , and he has quite low views compared to other videos . 
  also , he mainly plays happy wheels and minecraft , so i have no idea how soe though that his fanbase would like this game ( and the question is , how many of those are old enough to buy station cash , that 's the all that matters . ), 
  seananners has done only two ( long ) videos , and it seems like he does n't care about this game , at least he is not eager to learn important stuff . 
  `` yay friendship yay ! '', 
  atleast his fanbase is more excited about him playing this game . 
  tb is the only one who is taking this more seriously . 
  he has done already content since studio alpha , and his propaganda vids are impressive !, 
  seananners and toby are playing on helios , which is dominated by nc and vs , and tb is playing on waterson and that is dominated by tr . 
  and the ues is played on waterson , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  so my point is : this is a terrible marketing campaign .
