  also , all stuff you buy with sc is unlocked to other factions . 
  but if you buy tr exclusive weapon for example , then you do n't get nc/vs variant . 
  also , i recommend sinking certs to upgrades rather than weapons . 
  first figure out your favourite class and then start upgrading that first . 
  flak armor and med kits are practically must-buy for a noob , since they give you a big boost and they dont cost a lot . 
  also , if you have a problem figuring out what should you get , then go to vr room . 
  you have access to all weapons , upgrades and gadgets there . 
  i must agree with this . 
  i played with nc alt against tr and oh my . . it was n't very pleasant . 
  even though i am active striker user , it definitely needs a change . 
  oh bloody hell , let 's not turn this subreddit into r/masseffect . 
  well world at war is the only one that 's actually military shooter . 
  xcom eu kinda is , but that 's fighting against aliens . 
  really good game but i am not sure if op is looking for a game like that . 
  the story is n't so . . great . 
  i absolutely second this . 
  if you want ww2 shooter then this is no doubt your choice . 
  it is difficult , brutal and unforgiving , but so much fun . 
  every gun can kill in 1-shot , even if it 's not a headshot . 
  also it is realistic in many aspects . 
  [ red orchestra 2 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxv4er8lbny ) is set in russian theater of war , mainly focusing on battle of stalingrad . 
  [ rising storm ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xora_wa-ugs ) , the stand-alone expansion is set in pacific theater of war . 
  both games are quite similar but there are some key differences . 
  ro2 focuses on symmetrical balance , while in rs that 's asymmetrical , favoring us side . 
  you should buy rising storm , since you will also get full access to ro2 multi-player . 
  you do n't get ro2 single-player but i ca n't say that 's a big deal . 
  i 'm betting that developing was ~ 100 million and rest of that went for marketing . 
  yes , this is correct . 
  if you wait for sales for better parts , you can get even better pc !, 
  windows 7 supports up to 192gb ram . 
  home basic is 8 , home premium 16 , rest of them 192 . 
  [ you were saying ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o-ojtm6tce ), 
   north korea - 34, 
  well it 's a joke and it is not . 
  we do n't say `` you dirty peasant ! '', 
  for every console player we meet irl , but it is righteous to silently laugh at 'em . 
  damn . 
  i do not want to insult your parents or anything , but your childhood must 've been terrible . 
  hd6950 1gb . . well , farewell ultra , or even high i guess : /, 
  still better than consoles so no worries !, 
  native voice acting . 
  that is just . . well done dice , well done !, 
  i hope that the announcer will speak chinese too , i have learned everything what non-english speakers speak in bf series , and i would learn that announcer too . 
  hd6950 1gb . . well , farewell ultra , or even high i guess : /, 
  still better than consoles . . 
  so no worries , 
  nonono vs is so op cuz they have lazorz and shit . . and the magrider . . it floats so it can dodge shit !, 
  there 's not a single good reason why they left it out . 
  they wanted to promote battlelog chat ? 
  that 's my best bet . 
  anyway , this was a horrible decision from dice . 
  what the hell were they thinking ? 
  if commo-rose was implemented well then it maybe would 've not been such an issue . 
  i ca n't say that this will destroy console gaming . 
  even though peasants are peasants , this will not fill their gaming needs : it 's just not enough . 
  the controls are just too impractical for most of the titles , while the controller is impractical for many , but not too many . 
  fruit ninja and xcom : eu are the only titles that i somewhat enjoyed playing with my ipad . 
  also , the screen is just way too small , even for peasant needs . 
  ** tl : dr ** console peasants are peasants but they still do have some standards , and iphone will not fill their needs . 
  [ yes , they do . 
  ] ( http://www.joystiq.com/2013/08/06/planetside-2-wont-include-cross-platform-play-between-ps4-and-p/ ), 
  specs ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i asked from my local gamestop about that physical ps2 copy and the saleswoman was confused . 
  the other guy said that i can download it from steam but then i explained the whole physical copy thingy . . he did n't know about that . 
  and i agree with you , if sony & soe could gather some hype for this game , it could be a massive hit . 
  well , it was n't a massive hit on consoles because the game had ( and has ) many issues and that drew a lot of people away . 
  let 's hope that ps4 players get a better experience right from the beginning . 
  yeah , cod and bf are the only shooters out there . . 
  we call this tactical superiority . 
  no , you are not . 
  gta series is imo better than average but treating it as the best series ever . . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i have to disagree with you . 
  even though i liked bf2 very , very much , i think the auto-repair system was bad . 
  sure , it promoted teamwork and shit but that auto-repair was so guddamn powerful . 
  yeah , i second that . 
  easter weekend ? 
  ring any bells ? 
  also , tr strong !, 
  that is a sad sight indeed . 
  new bf community thinks that the community is so mature while cod is filled with little kids , and they must do everything to stop infecting this series . 
  the truth is that this has already happened . 
  they just do n't know it . 
  actually , those who try to prevent it are usually just part of the `` infection '' - ex-cod players who are apparently sooo proud that they stopped playing that soooo shitty game . 
  and anybody who says anything negative about battlefield is apparently a little kid who plays nothing but cod . 
  now i normally would n't have a problem with new players , but when something gets popular , the shitheads follow too . 
  [ relevant video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjhjcfctui8 ), 
  the ai is completely broken . . or that 's what i 've heard, 
  get better friends . 
  my favourite is c&c 3 . 
  i did n't like ra3 because the theme was too silly and colorful , and the combat feels so . . slow and clumsy . 
  c&c 3 has more serious theme and combat is better imo . 
  you should download demos for both games and figure it out by yourself . 
  i go to lan parties about 6-8 times per year . 
  yes we are . 
  we have torchlight 2 and path of exile . 
   siberia v2, 
  dude . . you have a 2.5 k pc and you still use bad headphones ?
