  dice understood that the casual market is larger so they inclined towards that in future development . 
  not that i blame them though , most recent bf titles have mostly been blockbusters . 
  on the other hand though , many , if not most tactical players wanted the franchise to move towards more realistic direction . 
  these players moved then to titles like arma and pr . 
  garbage is all relative . 
  sure , the interval between bf3 and 4 was arguably too short , the differences between the titles were n't that big and the launch was a mess if there ever was one . 
  however , in the past two years the game has seen major overhauls . 
  for example , all of the major bugs have been resorted , servers have been improved by a large margin ( from unacceptable and shoddy 10hz to very good and stable 60hz !, 
  ) , numerous balance patches , a classic preset that has same settings as the old bf titles ( no 3d spotting , no auto-heal and repair , magazines are completely spent when reloading etc. ), 
  oh and free content . 
  we 've got lots of new weapons implemented for free . 
  maps , too . . [ remastered dragon valley is released within a month or so . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wbvn7t4_aw ), 
  honestly speaking bf4 is at the moment a good game . 
  it could use with a higher skillcap ( like mbt law , a shitton of lock-ons etc. 
  ) , perhaps some conquest : assault maps , but due to active development it 's not a bad game anymore . 
  i can compliment ea for getting the title fixed from a turd it was 2 years ago . 
  pr is so different from cs in that aspect . 
  people do know what they are doing and have a desire to work as a team . 
  it is truly one of the only games where you can simply hop in and work efficiently with random people . 
  plus the community is mature so seeing petty ragers is quite rare . 
  and honestly . . 
  i 'd recommend starting with pr . 
  the mod is a complete package with a shitton of content and features . 
  squad is currently , well . . lacking . 
  plus the mod is completely free so you wo n't lose anything . 
  play as insurgents in project reality . . then you know what 's actually fear . 
  all the possible units vs a bunch of militia , recoilless rifle jeeps and t-55 's ? 
  no thanks , it 'd be pretty boring . 
  alright then , let 's give them 1 card of vanilla m1a1 with rookie training , one unit per card . 
  it 's still pretty generous considering the quantity of such tanks for isis , and the lack of logistics hurts too . 
  what else there is for them ? 
  we can rule the planes out obviously due to lack of logistics ( unless turkey supplies them with bombs or some shit ) , and other forces having planes of their own , keeping the airspace clear . 
  so , humvees , m113 's , some howitzers ? 
  in project reality that might be enough to work with , but in wargame it 's not a formidable force by any means . 
  because those particular tanks are german , british and french , in that order ? 
  oh and we barely know anything about armata so there 's not a lot to work with . 
  that said . . the bf franchise could use with more countries to keep things fresh . 
  countries like uk and germany have everything that a modern conventional army needs . 
  oh and making these countries unique would be nice as well - remember how different ifv 's in bf2 had different autocannons ? 
  or aa pieces ? 
  how about different stock weapons for infantry ? 
  heck , even having unique huds on the vehicles would be something !, 
  i just do n't agree with dice design philosophy that all countries should be exactly the same . . 
  bf3 was mostly set in iran , which is in the middle east . 
  there are two types of ap weapons in this game : kinetic energy ( ke ) and high-explosive anti-tank ( heat ) . 
  the way they do damage is different and accurate values can be found [ in the hidden spreadsheet . 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/lon0cgmjfqwq1oi/wargamerd_hidden_knowledge_spreadsheet.xlsx?dl=0 ), 
  ke means that every +175 meters closer to your target your weapon does extra +1 ap damage . 
  most tanks have a weapon like this . 
  then there 's heat that is guaranteed to do 1ap of damage no matter how much armor the enemy vehicle has . 
  while ke ca n't penetrate armor that exceeds its ap value , heat can . 
  this type of trait is usually found on anti-tank missiles , but on mig-27 the trait extremely brutal - with a high fire-rate the gun nearly guarantees you a kill , especially if you manage to land a missile . 
  even the strongest tanks with their 22 frontal armor are n't safe against this thing . 
  the only plane that comes with heat cannon among mig-27 line-up is the a-10 , but that this is more expensive and is very slow , half the speed of mig-27 , making it very poor to evade enemy air defenses . 
  so yeah , mig-27 is truly a unique plane . 
  you should always include it in your soviet decks , unless maybe if you are playing high point 10vs10 's ( that your pc apparently ca n't handle ) . 
  solid gameplay is all relative . 
  i personally disliked bf3 due to 3d-spotting , regenerating health , all squad spawns etc. . and let 's not forget how terrible the netcode is !, 
  people tend to forget how bad the situation was due to bf4 launch , but the clunky experience was there . 
  bf4 fixed most of these issues eventually , especially when the classic preset was introduced . 
  maps . . oh god the maps . 
  imo bf3 had the worst maps in the main franchise . 
  to put it bluntly , they simple were trash . 
  i mean , the design philosophy of adding tight chokepoints everywhere made half of the maps one massive cesspool of a campfest . 
  sure , for consoles with low playercounts they might 've been decent but for pc your 64-player options were few and far between . 
  did n't play the dlc 's but vanilla maps were just tosh . 
  make no mistake , bf4 maps share their own issues in terms of vertical gameplay , the lack of conquest : assault , maps not suited for rush/etc ( and the amount of trashy gamemodes too ) , but i still consider the problems of bf3 maps being a lot worse . 
  they simply should look at maps like road to jalalabad and strike at karkand which were a solid mixture of open fields and multiple corridors in between buildings . 
  this sort of design achieved a good flow of battle with the help of slower movement and fewer spawn options . 
  bf3 community was just as shitty as bf4 community is . 
  well , not all of the servers were shoddy but the amount of infantile whining back in the day was plain obnoxious . 
  i guess the main bulk of the community moved forward , ca n't comment on current bf3 community . 
  now , i wo n't deny that if you prefer bf3 over bf4 , i too had my share of solid moments in that particular title . 
  but bf3 did have genuine problems which bf4 mostly managed to sort out . 
  not the sequel for battlefield 2 that i dream of but i still enjoy it . 
  edit : if you are going to downvote me then please tell me why you did so . 
  having an opinion that goes on the contrary with yours is n't enough to do that . 
  from what i 've seen most people did prefer bf3 over bf4 . 
  it could have been their first experience with battlefield ( which also more or less defines their standards ) , they might have had some special memories with that particular title , they might have found the mechanics genuinely better or it could just be pure nostalgia . 
  i find that bf4 did many things worse than bf3 , but it also did hell of a lot more things right . 
  nonetheless i did n't like bf3 for the reasons mentioned above , and oh boy i have been called a cod fanboy for way too many times due to that . 
  those lanes that you are referring to are massive chokepoints : you simply * had * to push through them as you had little to no choice . 
  with 64 players this resulted in very nasty campfests that offered me mostly bad experiences , totally not my cup of tea . 
  imo the best map design philosophy comes from battlefield 2 . 
  maps like road to jalalabad , strike at karkand and operation blue pearl have the ingredients of my ideal bf map : plenty of corridors that do not end up being closed chokepoints as you have multiple routes to choose from . 
  some open areas here and there in which vehicles do not get too big of an advantage . 
  flags are placed in a linear way so that there are distinctive frontlines instead of one big pool of tdm . 
  oh and conquest assault : the ( nearly ) perfect mixture of conquest and rush . 
   a game with complex team mechanics like battlefield, 
  lol , that 's like saying that obama is a socialist . 
  battlefield is as arcadey as it gets . 
  the team mechanics are anything but complex even though they are a step or two ahead of battlefront . 
  if that 's what you meant then that 's okay , i guess . 
  this is also coming from somebody who has played bf for 10 or so years . 
  seine and bazaar are nearly as bad as metro when they are played with 64 players , and most servers ran with this player count , so i can only assume that many people did truly like this experience and regard these being vastly better than what bf4 has to offer . 
  with the introduction of classic preset there definitely is a flow - a natural flow that just does n't force people to grind their way through . 
  spawning options are more limited and thus clear , distinctive frontlines do emerge . 
  it could be better if the spawning options were even more limited ( like sl ca n't spawn to squad members and no direct spawning to vehicles ) , and there were some conquest : assault maps . 
  i usually use standard camos on most of my weapons .
