  i think it 's more about how you see is liara a female or not ; we 're talking about aliens here . 
  most of the people see her as a female due to her physical appearance , but i just do n't . 
   we 're not talking about the characters ' preferences , we 're talking about their relationships with others . 
  at least , i thought we were . 
  is it their preferences that bother you , and not the activities they actually engage in ? 
  it really does n't bother me that if there 's homosexuals or not ; it just bothers me that why did n't they do this on previous installments ? 
  you can argue that there was liara , but she is n't a female imo , and then there 's kelly , but that was kinda like `` casual sex '' option for shepard instead of a proper romance ; at least it was the weakest one in me2 . 
  in me3 however , these characters are clearly shown that they are interested in the same genre . 
  they also have sidestories which are related on this subject , and one of the stories is actually good !, 
  not gon na spoil it here , though . 
  look , i do n't think this is n't a problem at all . 
  i have no problems with other genres , sexual interests or what-so-ever . 
  it just kinda `` makes me wonder '' why they did n't do it earlier on , just like i 'm wondering why garrus & tali were n't available in me1 . 
   under the same logic , though , you could almost argue that tali is n't a female or garrus is n't a male . 
  sure , liara 's a different species that reproduces differently , but she 's `` female '' by just about every definition we have for the word ( as it applies to sapient humanoids ) . 
  yes , we can * almost * argue on that . 
  asari does have very different reproduction methods , and that 's why i do n't think she 's either a male or female : she 's something different . 
  well obviously she 's more of a female than a male because she gives the birth after all and her physical appearance is pretty much equal to females . 
  and then when compared to quarians and turians . . that 's where the * almost * comes in . 
  both of them have females and males and this has been said multiple times in-game . 
  sure , their . . reproduction methods might not be exactly same as ours , but we can clearly see that these races have two different sexs . 
   sorry , the first time you said that i assumed it was a typo . 
  do you mean `` gender '' ? 
  yes , i mean gender . 
  man i need to learn how to write . . 
  it 'd optional rather than forced . 
  you see , some people really prefer on playing how the devs designed it , but there are also people who like to some goofy stuff , let 's say bf3 metro on 64 players . 
  but let 's compare titanfall to team fortress 2 for example . 
  i am not sure on which particular playercount tf2 is designed on , but there are options . 
  the most popular ones are 6vs6 and 9vs9 which are more designed for competitive play . 
  most of the pubs run either at 12vs12 or 16vs16 . 
  all these different playercounts offer different experiences , and it is up to the player which is the best . 
  imo it is 12vs12 , prob . 
  because that 's what i 've played the most . 
  so , if titanfall does n't even have dedicated servers , then that game is a skip for me . 
  low-effort reaction gif . . downvoted . 
  hey , i did n't want to be an ass . . but this subreddit has been filled with re-posted reaction gifs lately . 
  so please , do n't contribute that stuff . . it 's not cool . 
  well i hope that you like money , 
  hopefully this helmet wo n't stay in reserves for too long . . 
  i just ca n't understand why it 's not on nc since they supposed to be faction that utilizes mining equipment . 
  it 's like the creator made it just for me . 
  yes , you can argue that this style fits more vs but [ it 's actually been used by tr before . 
  ] ( http://www.freakygaming.com/gallery/mmorpg/planetside/female_tr_max_ready_for_action.jpg ), 
  and just like u/chos3n94 said ; nobody wants anything other than the dreadnought helmet and the commissar hat . 
  dreadnought is pretty much a dream helmet for tr grunt , so you should n't pick any other `` variants '' if you already have one : it 's just too damn good . 
  so yeah , i think tr helmets are good . 
  meanwhile nc gets buckets and bandannas . . 
  i must say that it 's a very good idea . . but the latency will just make games pretty much unplayable . 
  and this is happening in the same building - i can only imagine what happens when somebody is hundreds of clicks away from servers . 
  well . . no . 
  i have played 6vs6 in a casual tournament . 
  communicating with your buddies , timing your strikes and outplaying your opponents is just . . it just feels amazing . 
  now i do n't think it 's better than casual pub 12vs12 , but it 's something that you should definitely try out if you 're interested in tf2 !, 
  or bf2142 . 
  that game was literally bf with mechs . 
  i know that companies exist to make some profit , and they deserve that . 
  but let 's be realistic here : core i7 4770k with 780ti , 1tb hdd and 120gb ssd for $ 2600 is just abysmal . 
  those two $ 500 machines are very good for consumer but this . . what the hell is this ? 
  i usually grab standard shotgun instead of standard assault rifles , because the assault rifle does so little damage . 
  when i get the laser rifle , i 'll just stick with it and go for normal plasma rifles . 
  that +1 damage on that weapon tier just aint worth it , considering how much on research it takes . 
  and when i get the alloy cannon . . oh boy . 
  the fun begins !, 
  you can actually have non-intelligent discussion other than posting le maymays . 
  `` this pile of crap does n't stink as much as that pile of crap does , so i guess this is n't a pile of crap after all '', 
  expect pc gaming is cheaper . . 
  indeed . 
  this is supposed to show what pc gaming is capable of doing so . 
  you can do this on your own bloody living room , if you have the money . 
  if you have fuckton of money to spend then this is brilliant , but for most of us a setup like this might be viable in 4-5 years . 
  in real life there has been fired 2056 nuclear weapons in total . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u8czakssna ) shows all of them between 1945 and 1998 . 
  i am a fan of unitlost and i must say that they 're crappy players ; intentional or not ? 
  i am not sure . 
  they always play crappily on their let 's plays . 
  stylosa always underlines that this is done due to the comedic value but to be honest , i have never seen them play well . 
  if it 's less than 100 % , do n't count on it . 
  i 've missed 99 % shots couple of times - very unlucky , but it 's possible . 
  use nades to blow up their cover , flank them , get closer , use scopes . . 
  as long as you 're not in war with them yeah , you can trade with city-states . 
  if they give the quest to build one , then you will gain influence on them . 
  i do n't know about eu , but there certainly is n't that many players in ew . 
  when you want to play a game , either ranked or custom , there usually is n't anybody online . 
  you sometimes do get a chance to online match , but not that often though . 
  my best tip is to add people who you play against , and ask them if they 'd like to . 
  heck , you can even add me if you 're interested in !, 
  the lack of aa is disturbing , especially considering how good textures and lighting is . 
  if things are looking bad , run . 
  if you have only 2-3 men left and odds are heavily against you , just run and save rest of them !, 
  it aint worth to sacrifice em all . . 
  ahh , the glorious ipad version . . 
  and a turtle beach headset . . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand . . you 'd get up to 4 times more sc . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  actually , no . 
  pc has better gameplay too . 
  keyboard & mouse is superior ~ ~ output ~ ~ input in many , if not most of the games . 
  and if it is n't , we can just use the bloody controller !,
