  civ 5 comes quite close . 
  you were clearly a douchebag in this game but he is clearly abusing his powers . 
  you should 've waited few days and then listen to forums/reddit/critics and then determine if the game is fixed or not . 
  look at me for example !, 
  i have n't spent a single dime to this game yet , because i was confident that the game will be a buggy mess . 
  if the game gets fixed up then i will prob . 
  grab this game up then . 
  so . . we shall bring all r/gaming mods to karma court ? 
  you might want to edit the grammar a little bit . 
  well done , too bad that you messed up the title : '' pc race . '', 
  that is a fine machine . 
  may you pay many taxes with it !, 
  thank you so much for posting this !!, 
  yeah , i know . . but i still wanted to share this video - i worked on it quite hardly !, 
  hoorah , we 're back !, 
  [ i already did a tribute for this glorious subreddit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vptl11gp7pw ) , but fortunately this was n't a permanent ban . 
  two steps from hell - heart of courage, 
  the growth of this subreddit has been . . amazing . 
  i remember back in january or something when we had like 5k subs and less than 100 guys browsing at the same time . 
  i hope that the quality of this sub wo n't drop when we reach numbers with six digits , but since we are the master race , that is not what i believe in . 
  and again , praise to be gaben !, 
  yes , i prob . 
  will . 
  it will happen because you people keep pre-ordering games . 
  if you did n't do this , fixing bugs before the release would be a priority . 
  fair enough , you did n't pre-order it , but you bought it even though it was broken , right ? 
  so , think about this : if consumers only bought games when they were sure that there are not game-braking bugs , would n't that force publishers to publish polished games ? 
  remember : customer is always right . 
  currently they found pre-ordering to be acceptable . 
  why would they tell us that the game is buggy ? 
  that is bad marketing !, 
  as you said , the problem is that most of expected that the game would be polished , and that is the problem . 
  i did n't , mostly because of bf3 . 
  why should we expect them to be polished ? 
  i did this tribute when our holy subreddit was banned and our moral was trembled . 
  may you still find enjoyment from this . 
  ahh , the glorious assembly . . 
  i need to go there one day . 
  this . . is . . glorious !, 
  in my opinion it is [ red orchestra 2 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxv4er8lbny ) and its latest expansion , [ rising storm . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xora_wa-ugs ) everybody is moaning that there has n't been a single good ww2 released lately , but guess what ? 
  there is . 
  it is very realistic shooter , but it has been mixed with battlefield : you can die from a one bullet , but there is a continuous re-spawn system , team-based objectives and classes . 
  ro2 also has tanks but both games are heavily infantry-focused . 
  also , it actually feels like war . 
  axis and allies hate each other but also , everybody is scared . 
  battlecries , suppression , destroyed battlefields and no spotting makes it also feel like war . 
  the weapons should have slower ads times so they would feel more like real guns , but i do understand why they make some things , let 's say more `` casual . '', 
  overall it is one of the , if not the best , ww2 shooters out there . 
  that does n't make any sense . . you just do n't know completely what you 're paying !, 
  today i learned . . 
  what is the point ? 
  we have commander back , so . . yeah, 
  rats are bailing from the sinking boat . . 
  you are trying to destroy their business . . 
  i do n't blame that beanie guy for disliking your presence . 
  this does n't deserve to be in cringe . . sure , it is cringe-worthy but since r/pcmasterrace is overall a circlejerk subreddit and he knows that he is making a joke . . this pic just does n't belong here . 
  there is no different rankings in pc master race - we are all one big family . 
  it does n't matter what hardware do we own - it just matters what software we have in our hearts . 
  you guys got cockblocked pretty hardly back there :p first the biolab was empty and then . . tr happens . 
  yeah the lag was terribad and i do n't even want to mention rendering . 
  i once managed to flank you so i just squeezed the trigger and got like 8 kills - plenty more if i did n't run out ammo . 
  3/5 it was a good attempt . 
  more hats, 
  hats . 
  why am i always too late ? 
  it was invalid for me too . 
  so , op is a karma whore who posted fake codes ? 
  i do not think that there will be another 3x sale since there has n't been so many good sc deals anymore , but i would say that there will be at least 2x scale . 
  i knew i should have used that goddamn defensive matrix ! '', 
  because they are peasants . 
  automoderator , are pc gamers the master race ? 
  there 's r/buildapc and seriously , building your own gaming pc is n't that hard . 
  you just need to do watch bunch of tutorials and just do it !, 
  it just like building legoes . . 
  seriously , do n't buy that pc . 
  you 'll regret it !, 
  absolutely !, 
  if you want to get an overkill , just get 780tis in a sli or something . 
  also , what about your monitor ? 
  if you are buying a system like this , you should n't bottleneck it to a 1080p and 60fps . . either get 1440p monitor and 60fps or 1080p and 120/144 fps . 
  i have n't seen it irl but everybody who 's seen that says that once you 've gone 144fps there 's no turning back , and i can completely believe them . 
  i would take 1 really good card over 2 pretty good cards , because you can buy 2nd really good card for sli when the price drops . 
  however , in your case you have so big budget that 2 really good cards is the recommended option . 
  but do n't get titans . 
  they 're more expensive and weaker than 780tis . 
  i have 100mbps connection . 
  this would n't benefit me , would it ? 
  well , nostalgic cars are a good way to remember what was the best in the past . 
  it can be fun to experience that glory once in a while . 
  however , in this ghosts case they are making new cars with older technology . 
  now that is not fun indeed . 
  even though your hardware is . . worse than average , you are still truly part of the master race . 
  being part of the master race is n't about how good your pc is , it 's about owning one and embracing the gifts of gaben . 
  oh damn : / i 've seen plenty of `` gaming '' pcs which are totally shit on the large electronic stores . 
  you 're a victim of them too . 
  so what did we learn ? 
  never trust marketing !, 
  since you have a 300w power supply , there 's no way that there is pci-e ( graphics card ) power cables . 
  so , if you want a better graphics , you also need a better power supply .
