  i do not see any other solutions . 
  as a fellow finn i though that our prices were low . . 
  . . or you can just buy 3x c4 for engineer . 
  it costs 900 certs but absolutely worth it . 
  it seems that like i do not benefit from what the jimm 's knows d :, 
  uplay off or lies . 
  why is the magrider called magskater ? 
  you are partly right . 
  here on miller esamir is a very healthy continent , but it is completely dominated by nc and tr . 
  we are very offensively fighting for the continent . 
  there are some problems like when the base is captured usually the zerg just roll to the next base , even though there are enemies coming soon . 
  if the base gets captured our zerg just rolls back in , and in that moment there is a very good zerg vs zerg fight . 
  we also do have other zerg vs zerg fights . 
  usually the other zerg is just larger and the smaller one gets crushed usually in 15-30 minutes . 
  but that 's the deal , strength in numbers . 
  more numbers = more strength = more chance to gain victory . 
  but this does n't happen always , sometimes the empire that is getting crushed can turn the ties by gaining more players to fights , sneaking and destroying key objectives such as sunnies or generators or just gaining some support from organized outfit . 
  one problem that exists in indar does n't exists in esamir : the crown . 
  there just is n't such a place where defenders could just dig in and farm the certs , especially for a long time . 
  sometimes the mani biolab or freyr amp station gets isolated by opposing empires , and the defending side can hold there for a while . 
  this usually happens only in non-peak hours , because all the fight happens there and you do not want to ghost-cap . 
  spawn position is not a problem either here . 
  i am solo player just like you , and i can find myself a spawn in big fights . 
  and if i do n't find it , i 'll grab a sunny and make one by myself . 
  as an ex-rts player i can think where my sundie could be in the best position . 
  there was one time when freyr amp station was captured , and the zerg was soon rolling to that bridge . 
  i parked my sundie to a pit where it was completely out of line sight , only explosives or liberator could 've taken it out . 
  soon there was over 50 defenders holding the line . 
  enemy zerg which was mainly lightnings and sunnies got soon wiped out , and they had to go to defensive position , roughly 300 meters from my sundie . 
  after that we had 20 minutes of long-range infantry combat , until their numbers started to dwindle and we pushed forward . 
  and it did feel good . 
  it feeled really good . 
  i actually achieved something great by myself in this game . 
  so , all i can say that being more creative and fighting somewhere else than crown can make your gaming experience infinitely greater than it is your current crown/ti alloys xp farming . 
  we all do nc scum , we all do . 
  from now on , i will play exclusively on esamir . 
  it was n't entartaining at all . 
  you could go with the galaxy anywhere on the map , and can stand fuckton of damage if you had 5 + engies repairing it . 
  bio labs and tech plant fights became extremely frustrating . 
  also , there was no max spawn timer , so bio lab fights were basically 100 maxes vs 100 maxes + some engineers . 
  do n't tell me what to repost !, 
  do n't waste your time in these point & click p2w games . 
  play good f2p games like swotr , planetside 2 , hawken , dota 2 . . ( and these are the ones that are released on 2012 ), 
  well that 's the answer i was looking for , 
  ** get battlefield : bad company 2 . 
  it offers much more for console version . 
  better map design , better audio design , more maps if you do n't buy dlc . . you do n't get the jets but you have choppers . 
  one of the major problems of battlefield 3 is that maps are not well designed . 
  there are `` rush maps '' and `` conquest maps '' . 
  many conquest maps are too small for conquest , and they need more flags and longer distances . 
  older battlefields managed this well . 
  and i am talking about 64 players . 
  with 24 players ( the console version ) the maps are just wayy too large . 
  and for rush , the conquest maps are okayish but for 24 players i think they are too small . 
  so small that enjoying them is very difficult . 
  and the rush maps . . they are well designed when it comes to size , but they are too easy to defend . 
  if the defending team is not retarded you must spam heavily your smoke gl to get to mcom stations . 
  also , rush maps have too much points where it is extremely hard to pass as an attacker . 
  for conquest , these `` rush maps '' are too tiny for 64 players . 
  for 24 players , they are quite good actually . 
  32 players would give you the best experience . 
  now let 's talk about bad company 2 . 
  battlefield 3 has been advertise how you can advanced destruction etc etc. . ** these are all lies ** . 
  in reality you can barely your destruction as your advantage , because almost everything is indestructable . 
  in bad company 2 , this is fixed . 
  you can literally destroy almost every wall , and you can also demolish so many structures . 
  audio . 
  bad company 2 has one of the best audio design , not sure if the best audio design in video games . 
  it is so aggressive and literally gets your blood pressure hard . 
  you hear hard hitting weapons everywhere , explosions , battle cries . . and the voice acting is extremely good in both sides !, 
  if we compare this to bf3 , everything sounds lame and suppressed . 
  it sounds like you are wearing a protective headset . 
  and the voice acting . . oh my god . 
  it is very cringe-worthy , especially on russian side . 
  if you still do n't believe me , [ watch this your eyes closed . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-hy_6lw6jm ) then your open your eyes and watch it again . 
  map design . 
  most of the maps in bad company 2 are designed rush in mind , and they are damn good . 
  attackers gain small advantages like more vehicles , but defenders have the advantage they must hold the line , not go to an objective , plant it and then hold it for a while . 
  i played battlefield 3 for 200 hours and got bored . 
  i have played bc2 for 500 hours and i am still playing . 
  get the bad company 2 . 
  you will not regret it . 
  yes , there are still plenty of players around - and will be for many years . 
  not sure about console though , but i bet there are still some players left . 
  and it is available for steam . 
  i am not sure is it enable on bf3 , but i use it on bc2 though , 
  i am not mad about the dlc itself , but the game itself has so many problems that i feel insulted that they ask for more money . 
  the war tapes itself do not fix the problem . 
  the guns just sound like the audio is reduced like 50 % , and they sound more like a peashooter rather than a real gun . 
  i ca n't notice any bugs with bc2 . 
  and i do not know if bf3 has any bugs either . 
  i played bf3 two months ago . 
  but my problems with bf3 is not the bugs . 
  it 's the core problems by the game itself . 
  map design in vanilla maps are terrible . 
  on smaller maps there are so many sections that are extremely difficult to pass . 
  grand bazaar middle alley , damavank peak , 3rd mcoms , the one inside the house , the tunnel , seine crossing 1st mcom and other spots around that map . . do i even have to remind you about metro ? 
  these maps just do n't have any room to maneuver around , making it basically a camping party . 
  and the large maps are not large enough .
