  - you lose the content of your magazine when reloading, 
  - you can only spawn to your squad leaders, 
  - no deathcam, 
  - no 3rd person on vehicles, 
  for me at least this changed the whole deal and made the game actually enjoyable . 
  that and the constant pushes to fix the game and the addition of free content ( which is still being developed ) . 
  i recommend the game at its current state . 
  just keep practicing !, 
  i had the same issue as well with my g27 , but once i got used to it the wheel is so much better . 
  ca n't ever recommend mass effect franchise enough . 
  the games have plenty of sad moments . 
  you 'll understand . 
  if you like rpg 's then mass effect is a must . 
  get all 3 games , it is worth it . 
  implying hacker situation in ps2 is good . 
  and on top of that :, 
  put your inf cv in a helicopter . 
  i prefer the ka-29 as they have 10hp and are faster than mi-8 's . 
  also , i prefer to swap the fob for mi-6 . 
  you can refill your frontlines quicker and you have extra 75pt for openers . 
  remove those units units from mi-8 's . 
  good aa network can easily prevent you from effectively reinforcing your frontline . 
  like mentioned , gornos are good in helis as they can deny an area in openers with an atgm 's . 
  also , put them in mi-8mtv as they have devastating 4he rockets . 
  you also need more btr 90s . 
  they are excellent , if not overpowered . 
  i prefer to put one card of spetsnaz in them . 
  also , maybe remove smerch and add buratino ? 
  buratinos are brilliant at wiping out cities and can stun tanks in forests as well . 
  they are the best unit for initializing attack . 
  do n't use t64-bm 's like they were suggested . 
  they suck , as they have only 2100m cannon range . 
  also , 155-120pt tanks ca n't deal with superheavies and generally are too expensive to be brought alone , so it is not recommended to use them . 
  use more cheaper tanks . 
  remove razvedka . 
  they are n't very useful . 
  instead add gru in mi-24d . 
  use them for openers and harassing - if you can speak either of them to enemy spawn or other important command zones then that could decide the game . 
  and if you can squeeze mig-23mld in to the deck that would be great . 
  they can be used as an asf and also to deal with pesky helis . 
  [ here 's how i run my ussr deck ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ytksec6.jpg ), 
  well the 175m range gives an extra ap advantage for the t-72b cannon . 
  anyway , you should be using t-72bi as it does n't have an atgm . 
  the atgm 's on the tanks are n't good - their ap is simply too low , and at slightly closer ranges the cannon will do more damage than the atgm does , not to mention how the missile travels slowly and is easy to avoid in many situations . 
  also the atgm 's are less accurate than the cannons , and the 30 % stabilizer is just piss-poor . 
  anyway , the atgm 's have their uses but it is just inferior in most situations when compared to the cannon and because of that the +10 price increase for the t-72b is n't justifiable . 
  there is a good reason why t-72bu , t-72bi , t-80 and t-72a are pretty much the only tanks that are used in competitive play . 
  so they were op . 
  hmph . 
  or maybe just salty soviet tears ? 
  i dunno , given the fact that how op the btr-90 is i do not think that it would be too unfair if blufor got their lav 's . 
  anzac and canada desperately needs some buffin ' and giving these things for them would be fine i suppose . 
  and maybe a single card of these things for the us as well ? 
  i dunno , i 'm just rambling here . 
  figured i could create extra room if i removed the flame tank ( already had a burrito ) and somewhat useless recon bmp-1 . 
  good results so far , especially at denying helis from landing & flanking . 
  if you are a newbie then you should n't start with specialized decks . 
  specializations always limits your options in a way that you need to know your limits in order to make the deck effective . 
  mechanized decks are viable , especially eurocorps and scandinavian ones . 
  however , as the name suggests , you lose an access to fast , wheeled transport . 
  what this means is that the enemy will get to the zones and other important locations faster than you do , especially if he can shoot down your helicopter infantry , which should be easy as scandinavia does not have anti-air helicopters to counter enemy aa helos . 
  also , mechanized decks do not get access expensive superheavy tanks ( which are extremely useful , especially in bigger games ) , and recon and aa department lose some units as well . 
  while your deck has some room to be improved , i highly recommend that you ditch it , as you probably do n't know how to play it . 
  eurocorps is the most noob-friendly coalition , so that 's a good way to start . 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wargame/comments/39vhvr/steam_sale_newbie_deck_thread/ ), 
  however , if you are still a total noob who does n't know how most units function , i recommend playing ussr . 
  you get to play against units like `` us marines '' , `` m1a2 abrams '' and `` eurofighter typhoon '' , so you get the general idea what you will be up against when you have learned the stats of your own unfamiliar units such as `` t-72bi '' , `` btr-80a '' and `` morskaya pehota '' . 
  remember , you are facing a learning cliff here . 
  it does n't get easier until you have played a hundred games or two . 
  no , they do n't . 
  chonma-ho has a firerate of only 6 rounds per minute while t-72m is only slightly better with its 7rpm . 
  however , the t-72m also has a 2100m range cannon , which means that the t-80 will eat it for breakfast . 
  also these tanks have only 40 % accuracy , which is quite bad , especially when compared to blufor and china . 
  china , and red dragons are factions that excel in smaller games . 
  they lack certain unit types that makes them weaker in bigger games , but in the other hand they have some excellent low-end units that makes them great in 1vs1 ranked and such . 
  motorized is generally speaking the way to go as rd - you do n't get access to superheavies and such but you really do n't need them either in ranked . 
  also the faction loses quite few relevant units if you choose this path . 
  key points - good wheeled transports . 
  cheap and many of them come up with autocannons . 
  lots of carbines which will chew infantry in cities . 
  li-jian ' 90 + yuckjeondae '90 combo is very similar to spetsnaz + vdv ' 90 , except worse rocket launcher but a lot more infantry-killing power . 
  you can also use the marines instead of yucks . 
  no atgm infantry ( fagot 's are toys not atgm 's ) but tanke shashou is a solid 1400m recoilless rifle - good against transports and infantry . 
  support !, 
  artillery choices are quite bad , use 5he mortars . 
  koksan is also pretty good . 
  rocket artillery sucks , do n't even bother . 
  pgz-95 and hq-7 ( crotale ) are both amazing . 
  also , non-radar shilka will chew helis and planes if they come at range, 
  tanks - lots of very good chinese medium tanks , which are better than their soviet counterparts . 
  they are extremely solid workhorses . 
  recon tab comes up with lie-ren , which are decent shock recon . 
  the real gem of this tab is the recon tank - ztq-62g . 
  it has very good optics , good gun , okay armor and medium stealth - it is very hard to spot from a forest hedgeline . 
  the treasure of the vehicle tank is the 65pt tank destroyer . 
  it has 21ap , making it a serious threat even against the heaviest tanks . 
  that and ztq are the reasons why rd moto is so good - they come up with the best tanks . 
  just be sure that you do n't get shot first . 
  on the heli tab you get z-9a ty-90 , the best aa helo in the game as it has 6he rockets and you get ~ ~ four ~ ~ eight of them .
