  are you sure about that ? 
  if remember correctly , i have seen multiple 4-star generals in the same game . 
  the `` modern combat '' version is completely different game : there 's pretty much no ~ ~ differences ~ ~ similarities other than it 's class-based shooter set in modern era with vehicles . 
  it 's not even running on the same engine !, 
  it was a joke . . or it supposed to be one . 
  sorry if i offended you . 
  those missions ? 
  i 'm confused . . they do n't have anything in common , do they ? 
  those psionic abductees were mind-controlling dudes at base-defense , were n't they ? 
  so imo it is quite odd if these really correlate . 
  cheaper , better hardware , more exclusives and f2p games from pc , great deals from ps + . . it is fairly safe to say that sony won `` console war '' this time . 
  also , because microsoft screwed the reputation of xbox one with its terrible features , sony took an advantage of the situation , [ like in this video . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwsifh8icaa ), 
  i am personally not interested in either of this consoles but if i had to pick one , it would definitely be the ps4 . 
  i do not like the `` desktop pc '' and `` laptop pc '' flares . . we are all one big family and we should n't look each other differently . 
  but this is just my opinion and i am pretty sure that lots of people will disagree with me . 
  just wondering . . how does this even work ? 
  i have hd6950 too and i 40-60fps ( depending on the map ) on medium settings with high textures + something else high . . so it should n't run that bad . 
  also , i have n't done any overclocking . 
  what 's your cpu ? 
  unless it 's a bloody pentium 2 or or something like that , it still should n't matter that much . . 
  `` gg '' is n't always insulting , but `` easy '' is just satanic . 
  fixed, 
  if i were you , i 'd just do the blood call . 
  he would die as a primitive beast . . like he is one . 
  here 's the introduction for deluge :, 
  `` the surviving exalt operative has provided additional intel on the location of our missing transport vehicle , and not a moment too soon . 
  it appears the aliens have cornered the truck on a dam in easter france . 
  if we 're going to recover the cargo , we 'll need to act fast . '', 
  well now it kinda makes sense . 
  it 's a curse to post advice animals . 
  then it surely contains shitty components . . what does it have ? 
  i really have nothing against pre-built pcs but alienware . . you can get better pre-built pcs cheaper . 
  the cpu is find but video card is . . bad . 
  expect to run games at 40-50fps at medium settings , possibly at low even . 
  games are constantly getting better , so you might struggle running games at low in near future . 
  also apparently , it even does n't have windows . . 
  get a refund if you can , asap . 
  you are literally wasting your money on that . 
  building one is n't mandatory , but it surely is a fun experience . 
  also , you will learn lots of things when you do it , and it is n't rocket science !, 
  says an user who browses adviceanimals . . 
  i do n't recommend getting that , since you are already spending so much money on that alienware . 
  just cancel your order and get a refund if you can . 
  graphics card is usually the most expensive part of your pc : they can cost over $ 600 , even beyond that . 
  however , you are doing well with a $ 150 one . 
  also , i do not think that you could even fit one , because that case apparently is very small . 
  tpb torrent piracy drm, 
  obey me you mindless bot !, 
  piracy !, 
  do you even lift ? 
  shoot the window recker !, 
  recker , you 're in charge now . 
  now follow me !, 
  i do n't trust her . 
  the campaign was better than bf3 campaign , but still terrible . 
  it was filled with tons of cringe-worthy moments . 
  at least the story was n't the usual `` evil russian terrorists want to destroy america '' but instead , it was about chinese terrorists . 
  this franchise has never needed a single-player campaign ( expect bc series ) , and it is very unfortunate that dice is trying to force their shitty stories down our throats . 
  god , they could 've used sp development time on creating new content for mp or better ; fixing bugs . 
  til europe and asia has states . 
  i like elric most . 
  i agree , staff shell was a dumb addition too . 
  as a weapon it is n't that bad but since it 's a secondary . . dear god . 
  combined with fast weapon swap , it does insane amount of damage as well . 
  why does dice keep adding low-skill weapons all the time to their games ? 
  i thought that all those heatseekers were already too bad on bf3 , but now it 's just getting too ridiculous . 
  i understand that you want to add some low-skill weapons so the game would be more accessible , but active radar missiles and staff shell have crossed the line . 
  chopper heatseekers killed chopper duels for me ( man i loved those bf2 chopper duels ) , but it just keeps getting worse and worse all the time . 
  or when you have a very dumb team . 
  today i played a game on hainan resort with a very bad team . 
  there was an enemy maa at c who was pretty much sitting ducks . . but because my teammates did n't bother with it at all , that maa pretty much granted air superiority for enemy team . 
  at some point they were , actually . 
  then they got nerfed , then they got buffed , then nerfed . . 
  i do not know how they 're now , actually . 
  i actually do n't mind them as a area of denial weapon : a single stinger can force jet/chopper to leave the area , but not kill it . 
  and this is how it should be : a single soldier should not have power to take down aircraft by himself . 
  but the problem i have with heatseekers are the choppers . . chopper duels used to be about dodging tv missiles ( well it happened in bf3 too , but that was pretty seldom ) and using machineguns if the chopper got too close . 
  also they were pretty darn effective against jet ( unless the jet pilot was very good ) . 
  scout chopper duels could 've been great duels on sniping the enemy pilot , but they usually just were dull lock-on duels - the one who could engage first usually wins . 
  planetside 2 has its problems too : most of the at weapons can pretty much completely destroy enemy armor platoons , if they 're been used in masses . 
  strikers , annihilators , mana ats . . ouch . 
  most of them are n't that big of a problem anymore , but at least they used to be . 
  then there is/has been problems like zoes , harassers and proxy mines vs claymores , but these issues are certainly nothing when compared to bf4 issues . 
  also , the gunplay feels so much better because the netcode is n't such a bloody mess . 
  so you were bored with me1 because it was outdated ? 
  well then . . you should n't definitely get me2 !, 
  it feels much better and newer than me1 and the combat is really good !, 
  the story itself is still kinda silly but me is n't really about story : it 's more about squad members . 
  but still , i still recommend finishing me1 : it wo n't take that long anymore if you 've played it for 10 hours . 
  your choices in me1 really do matter in sequels . 
  well they are still a problem for jets too , because those flares do not always work . 
  i returned to my base after a bombing run , waiting to my laser-guided missiles to reload . 
  i had two active radars behind my tail . 
  i used my flares and they did n't do anything . 
  then i got disabled and my jet dived to the ground - and there was nothing that i could do . 
  then i was in a dogfight and i had the upper hand , but i got some active radars again . 
  normally in this situation i would just pop my flares and disengage , pull back to base or near friendly maa - too bad , flares do n't work , my jet starts gets disabled and the enemy jet gets the upper hand while maa starts shredding me . 
  i agree that they are more terrifying against choppers , but they are a problem against a jet too . 
  well actually , i have tried doing some `` teamwork '' .
