  body lowers the immune system levels and preserves energy for other , more important tasks . 
  i quit when i got gold medal . 
  congrats for him !, 
  i have n't seen so many trolls . 
  there has been some lousy people who yell all the time how the team sucks , but i am not sure if they 're trolls or actually butthurt . 
  and my opinion on trolls ? 
  generally it 's stupid but in small levels it 's acceptable . 
  one does not troll only a little bit though . 
  possibly . 
  b1 and b2 have been 5 $ for multiple times , and i 'm assuming that infinite will be -50 % . 
  so you could save few dollars with that , if you want to buy all of those games . 
  bioshock 2 is n't so relevant to story though . 
  i recommend mass effect . 
  there 's a paragon and renegade system . 
  you have to constantly make small decision and decide which way to talk to other people , while you have to do sometimes heavy decisions which can carry even to the later games . 
  paragon is the good guy while renegade is more like a brutal guy but not evil . 
  then sometimes there are decisions that you must decide by yourself is this good or bad . 
  it does n't feel like twd though where you feel all the time that you make bad decisions . 
  you usually know that this was a good decision and that was a bad one . 
  solution ? 
  play rush . 
  bf was never meant to play on tdm , and conquest is generally rubbish on consoles . 
  sure , you get unlocks faster on tdm but i still highly unrecommend playing it . 
  so this is the console version of skyrim ? 
  thanks , but i 'll stick to my siberia v2 . 
  realism mode is unlocked in lvl 13 ( or 15 , i 'm not so sure ) . 
  grind some action mode , it wo n't take so long . 
  this . 
  security essentials is n't perfect , but it will notice most of the threats . 
  just remember not to click those banners which tell you how to gain 5000 $ each month or have some free sex . 
  common sense is your best defense against viruses , not your anti-virus . 
  episode one and episode two continue straight from where the half life 2 ended . 
  they offer about 8 hours of gameplay combined , while half life 2 took me 14 hours . 
  so yeah , definitely get the orange box , you will miss a lot if you do n't . 
  [ also , you will get a hat for tf2 ] ( http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/proof_of_purchase ) , and a giftable copy of portal . 
  there already is daily ribbon bonuses : 1000xp for the first 5 ribbons . 
  that 's 20 extra certs if you manage to get those . 
  and daily cap is a bad idea : what about those who do n't have a job or have a holiday etc ? 
  i think the current system is somewhat good , but it could be improved . 
  i hate german . 
  it looks very dull and it is extremely annoying if there is css with same colors as germans , only background and icon colors swapped . 
  i 'm sure you have done some overclocking with that beast . 
  which coupons ? 
  pc mustard race !, 
  sway the console heresy !, 
  wolves do n't loose sleep over the opinions of sheep . 
  i 'm in !, 
  i 'll play as poland if we decide to play non-random civs . 
  [ ] lens flare, 
  liara is just too optimistic . 
  expect when thessia gets fucked up . 
  no , you wo n't . 
  you will `` only '' get all the dlc we 've got so far . 
  brave new world and all other possibly upcoming dlcs - nope . 
  i 'm betting that brave new world will be added to gold edition or we will get a `` super ultra ultimate edition '' in the future , which will include all dlc . 
  well , if you are playing wide less then -10 happiness is your goal . 
  less than that stops your growth , reduces your production and gives you a -33 % combat penalty . 
  less than -20 happiness makes you spawn rebels . 
  i am personally mainly tall player so i do n't have to worry about happiness too much . 
  golden ages help though so getting some extra happiness is always good . 
  * [ ] not enough lens flare, 
  well , she had her bad moments at the beginning of the invasion , but she could keep herself together . 
  but when thessia got invaded she really lost it . 
  agreed , they have so limited range that having a sight would only be silly . 
  edit : expect the commissioner . 
  blood money is definitely the best , but hitman 2 and contracts are nice ones too . 
  do n't even bother with codename 47 ; it 's rubbish . 
  absolution was a disappointment . 
  one of the worst parts about it was the linear map design . 
  hitman games were all about assassinating targets on a large , open maps where you have to figure out by yourself how to get your targets . 
  in absolution most of the maps were going from spot x to spot y while avoiding police/guards . 
  it had many good moments but not too many to be honest . 
  i recommend getting all of them , expect the codename 47 . 
  they 're all good even though absolution did have some major issues . 
  bullet velocity , bullet drop , minimum damage . . those are the reasons why pistol are poor at range . 
  commissioner is good at range though , but that gun is more like a 2nd primary instead of secondary . 
  those peasants are better than our enemy . 
  they did n't have a choice to become a knight while our enemies happily accepted peasantry . 
  a peasant would become a knight if he had a chance . 
  most of the console peasants would n't . 
  beamer has 84 minimum damage @ 65 meters and 325m/s velocity . 
  yes , you can kill people from that range but it would take 12 shots a guy at full health . 
  i disagree . 
  playing as venice is a gamble . 
  sure , you get nice gold bonuses but it also depends heavily on gamble . 
  what happens if there is n't any css nearby/they 're in shit positions ? 
  nothing very good to say the least . . 
  as i said before , commissioner is more like a 2nd primary instead of secondary . 
  but would a beamer benefit from a 3.4 x sight ? 
  or a repeater ? 
  poland seems like a best civ to start as . 
  it has a great ua which gives benefits for any playstyle , meaning that you can experience new things of this expansion without having to beeline on something . 
  p.s i 'm not from ` merica so i have to wait 3 more days : /, 
  yeah , sure , [ i 'll definitely enjoy . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cghwp24.png ), 
  i dunno , it does n't make any sense , especially because it is downloable content . 
  maybe this is a way to prevent americans buying it cheaper from third world countries with proxy , such as india ? 
  but that would n't explain why we , europeans must suffer . 
  yes , it bothers me . 
  i would n't like that there would be scopes for pistols , even if they were optional . 
  it would n't be anything gamebreaking if they were added but still , i think that it 's better that pistols have iron sights only .
