  actually you 're right and wrong . 
  vs resembles the most about tali visually , but the tr ideology is more correct to his . 
  loyalty to the fleet is the most important thing and he hates experimental stuff ( well , atleast before me3 . ), 
  no i did n't . 
  i bought it with certs . 
  the vehicle is pac type-36 hachimoto , added in battlefield 2142 : northern strike expansion . 
  the driver has two plasma cannons which are good gunning down infantry , very similar to kobalt . 
  the gunner has 360 mounted grenade launcher , quite similar to fury . 
  also , the gunner has stationary armor-piercing rocket , very similar to phoenix . 
  this vehicle would be balanced if the mounted 360 gun would be the only gun available . 
  you might say that this vehicle would be op but it requires two personnel to be combat-efficient . 
  now that 's some perfect imbalance , is n't it ? 
  this looks nice but that catwoman . . it just does n't fit in . 
  even that piece of shit looks better than tr helmet . 
  battlefield 2142 . 
  my favourite mp game of all time . 
  jaguar was my first and my last so far . 
  tmg-50 is soon auraxium too . 
  and this why alerts should happen in the morning . . 
  i wish for dice making 2143 . 
  also giving us modding tools . 
  so it seems like that you people agree that the montages are a problem but my solution is wrong . 
  i actually got this idea from r/civ where they started to purge the subreddit by disallowing memes , reaction gifs and all other `` stupid stuff '' . 
  and there the solution has been so far successful . 
  maybe add a notification where you request kindly that do not post montages ? 
   i believe it 's more of a problem for people who want their page to be `` clean '' ( in their minds ) of things they would n't want to see . 
  yeah , i am one of those guys . 
  devs are finally getting it . 
  no . . this is totally wrong . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://youtube.com/watch?v=k80uqwwuiys ), 
  i personally play ps1 games with an emulator . 
  i use fpse as my emulator . 
  you can buy it from android store and it costs like 3 euroes . 
  i do n't have ps1 anymore so i have to download games from [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.emuparadise.me/roms/psx/ ), 
  please post screenshots, 
  i once spawned to area which had 5 deer . 
  america is really effective at scouting and india cities will produce less happiness than `` normal ones '' after the city gains 5 population . 
  you can build many , many tall cities . 
  i would add to ramesses 's ua that you gain culture after a world wonder is built , something like 25 % from the world wonder production . 
  they grow so fast :'), 
  you gain a spy when someone enters renaissance era . 
  after that you gain a spy every time you enter to a next era . 
  if your spy is in opponents city , it will monitor what he is doing . 
  he tells you what wonder he is building and who he is going to attack . 
  you can also view the city , seeing its stats and what he is building . 
  you can also steal tech . 
  the more population the city has the faster you can steal tech . 
  i am not 100 % sure how the potential is reduced , but i know it has something to do with constanlorogy ( or whatever ) and police station . 
  also , i am not sure how counter-spies effects it . 
  if your spy is in your own city , he has a very good chance of killing enemy spies ( not sure if it 's 100 % chance ) who attempt to steal your tech . 
  usually a.i will apologize after that . 
  if your spy is in city-state , he will attempt rig elections . 
  if the rigging is successful you will gain more influence and other civs influence will be reduced . 
  if there is more than 1 spy in the city-state the higher rank spy wins . 
  elections happen after 14 ( ? ), 
  turns . 
  ranks are gained by doing successful things such as rigging and tech stealing , and the spy will be more efficient . 
  i am not again 100 % if it applies to everything but i 'm pretty sure that they will kill more surely enemy spies , steal tech faster , rig elections more efficiently and be less noticeable . 
  there are tons of good f2p games that you should try out . 
  you already tried out ps2 and it 's too bad that you did n't like it . 
  here 's my list of f2p you should try . 
  i have n't tried out every single one of them but still , worth testing :, 
  - team fortress 2, 
  - league of legends , dota 2 ( warning : both of these games have a toxic community ), 
  - world of tanks, 
  - path of exile, 
  i have n't played diablo 3 and torchlight 2 but my friend has both of them and he says that torchlight 2 is better . 
  also , get mass effect trilogy . 
  imo it 's the best game series of all time . 
  it has amazing story , characters , world . . 
  i absolutely recommend getting it . 
  me1 has quite bad combat and graphics but after that . . everything is amazing . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvqyn2rjfva ) a great fan-made trailer for all 3 games . 
  i wish i was still playing my first playthrough . 
  it was just amazing . 
  what else i can recommend ? 
  well , you liked bioshock infinite so bioshock 1 & 2 ( especially 1 ) might be worth getting . 
  no , they are not as good as the infinite but still , i highly recommend . 
  bioshock 2 is not so important because the story adds not so much than the bioshock 1 does . 
  logging in and out is frustrating but you are still correct . 
  this applies to f2p because of boosts and etc. 
  prosieben is a blight on auraxian purity . 
  you sir !, 
  you are a blight !, 
  and you !, 
  and you , human . 
  and you !, 
  beautiful . 
  so beautiful . 
  the best thing ever created . 
  bravo . 
  [ yeah , it is quite effective indeed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fhghqmz1es ), 
  they are not worthy for pc . 
  if they came here they would start another flame war , such as which one is better , amd or nvidia . . 
  well there are also peasants who do n't participate in flame wars . 
  atleast i have heard rumors about them . 
  second rule . 
  shhhh . . 
  remember to come and visit [ r/planetside ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/ ) if you got interested .
