  yes , it is !, 
  there are not many games that could bring you such an experience . 
  the combat is brutal , lots of blood spilling around and limbs & heads go off , it 's beautiful . 
  also , the combat has lots of depth . 
  each class and weapon acts differently and there are lots tricks to learn . 
  also , the game requires a lot skill and you need to learn stuff the hard way . 
  for example , blocking with a shield is much easier but you must play without it in order to get that extra stamina . 
  i do not have many complaints about the game , but playing with archers sucks . 
  it does n't feel . . responsive and fun . 
  it just sucks . 
  you can become with it but generally it is not a fun class to play . 
  there are many gamemodes . 
  my favourite gamemode is duel : 1vs1 fighting , and the guy with most wins wins the game . 
  team deathmatch and free-for-all should be no-brainers for you . 
  last man standing is tdm but without respawns . 
  team objective requires you to do many objectives such as pushing bomb cart , freeing slaves and killing peasants . 
  overall i 'd recommend trying this game . 
  it 's definitely worth your 8 bucks !, 
  that 's why i said it should be optional . 
  in every other bf native voice acting was default but you had an option to change it to english . 
  also , i learned those native languages and knew every time what they were saying . 
  you just learn it in time . . 
  ooh , we got an official answer , 
  yeah i definitely agree with you , anything doing with game development is n't easy . 
  but i 'd say that making a change like this is n't as hard as , let 's say making a brand new gun . 
  also , i 'd like to ask your opinion about [ this ] ( https://www.change.org/petitions/dice-open-source-battlefield-2 ) petition . 
  i 'm sure that you have heard about battlefield 2 : project reality , a full realism modification for one of your bests games , battlefield 2 . 
  that mod has been in development for 8 years and it holds its own against bigger `` realistic shooters '' such as arma and red orchestra franchise . 
  however , since bf2 modification tools have some limitations , many features can not be implemented to pr . 
  now i do n't understand titties about coding and making games , but i get the basic idea . 
  the devs themselves have said that we would get massive improvements , and fast . 
  fast-ropes for helicopters , weapon sway for scopes , better fire controls for tanks , better graphics , ballistics , physics , optimization . . better everything !, 
  these changes will become true if you made the engine fully moddable . 
  just look at the titanfall !, 
  it 's running on source and it looks absolutely gorgeous . 
  i could n't believe either that it was running on source . 
  now the question is , why should you do it ? 
  ea has been worst company of us twice in a row , and they are now trying to improve their pr with stuff like origin humble bundle . 
  giving us full mod support would give respect from dedicated pc gamers who care about modding . 
  2 ) keeping the mod alive . 
  the developers are currently making pr2 for cryengine3 , which is however , in very very early stages . 
  once the pr2 has a playable version that is n't completely crap , pr1 players will abandon pr1 and move to pr2 , and the mod itself will die . 
  if you implemented something like this , it would delay the development of pr2 and would also make pr1 much better , possibly attracting new players to the game and in that case , selling new copies and making you more money . 
  i understand that making it open source would make the game free so instead of that , you could give us full mod support . 
  i 'm saying that if you gave us mod tools this mod could still be alive even after you have released 2-3 major bf titles after bf4 . 
  ( 2143 pls ? ), 
  i am guessing that you , as a gameplay designer do not have authorization to make decisions like this , but if you could bring up discussion about this to people who have , this could become reality . 
  there are many people that care about this , and i do not see any big problems giving full mod support for this game . 
  it is much inferior to pretty much any engine , but pr developers are really experienced with refractor 2 and they could make magic happen . 
  and they already have !, 
  thanks for your attention from a long-time battlefield fan . 
  i recommend [ battlefield 3 . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ourf7v2clhe ), 
  there 's a massive variety of different shades of blue and grey and umm . . did i mention blue ? 
  i dunno , but i am saying that you will get tons of good pr and respect if you release them , 
  it 's not a bug , it 's a feature . 
  hodor, 
  i really hope that this time there will be symmetrical balance . 
  i do not care if it 's realistic or not , in bf balance is more important than realism !, 
  also , if we could have 1-seated jet with more dogfighting capabilities , and 2-seated jet with more a2g capabilities , that would be really nice !, 
  if you do n't have not-so powerful pc , get 1080p . 
  if you do have sli&cfx setup or really high-end gpu , then you should consider something higher . 
  i disagree . 
  if your suggestion would be implemented then the faster jet would have to always run away if he 's against experienced pilot . . and could he ? 
  a single gun run can take down enemy jet easily ( in bf3 , and i assume it is going to be same ) , and the speed difference had to be massive if he wanted to escape . 
  [ yeah , we are so anti-social . . ] ( http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/2/23653/1989437-dhs09-invigning-mumin-7-kopia.jpg ), 
  no , it is n't : yet . 
  i am confident that it will come for pcs too . 
  i decided to use it since it 's a piss poor argument used by peasants . 
  i do not think that this really is an issue in ps2 . 
  if you look something like league of legends for example , that game can be so infuriating because of community . 
  my experience with lol : lol noob not playing meta report !!, 
  so compared to that , ps2 is quite friendly community . . for now . 
  well , arquinas has been harassing me for quite a while , but i guess i 'm fine with that . . 
  [ they did n't like it . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1lcgvz/playstation_plus_vs_xbox_live_fixed/ ), 
  i forgot to drink my coffee, 
  well there are couple questions why you are not doing so well . 
  first one is that keyboard + mouse can be hard to use initially . 
  just keep practicing and in the longer run you will do better . 
  also , consoles do have auto-aim , just sayin ' . 
  second , pc players are better . 
  i am not saying that at all console players are bad , but generally pc players are more experienced , have better tactical sense and aim . 
  i second this . 
  initially i though that this game is a joke , just like those german crap simulators . 
  but the truth is that this game is awesome !, 
  if you have any interests about driving a truck , then you should definitely pick up this game . 
  driving , mechanics , physics . . they 're all well executed . 
  my only problem is that many areas are repetitive , but i can accept this issue by knowing that the map is massive . 
  i want to show my loyalty for terran republic , so :, 
  `` loyalty until death '' with a black background and red text please !, 
  well , getting a truck and truck license is really expensive irl and the ai drivers do not act like they 're completely retarded . . well , ai could be better but i ca n't say that it is that bad . 
  well said sir , agreed . 
  well , it 's better than nothing . . thanks !, 
  i see something very important what 's lacking : giving orders . 
  yes , you can use cruise missiles and spot hvt targets , but . . why ca n't i give direct orders ? 
  what if i want to bravo to defend c and delta & alpha to attack d ? 
  [ for those who do n't know ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l1cypcz.jpg ), 
  well that 's good thing to hear . 
  * simulators .
