  they are n't the best and if they are assigned for roles like artillery or mortars then accidents do happen . 
  these accidents happen to the experienced guys as well . 
  i would say that sg553 is n't a good gun for the same reason as g3sg1 and sawed-off are n't while scar-20 and mag-7 are : ctss can choose their engagement distances . 
  now i am obviously not the greatest player in the world and i could be totally wrong about my points so feel free to correct me if you feel like it . 
  sg553 is arguably a better weapon for long-range engagements while it 's fairly piss-poor for short-to-medium range combat . 
  while it is certainly more accurate than ak-47 it 's poor recoil pattern will screw you over if you come up anything close . 
  it 's kinda a hybrid of auto-sniper and ak47 . 
  but the thing is that terrorists * need * a weapon that works in every situation , because cts can be hiding anywhere , and they can use specialized weapons in these very spots . 
  let 's just say that you want to attack ramp room in nuke , where could be cts hiding in ? 
  they could be in close right , on ramp , big box , headshot box , turnpike , yellow . . while cts usually use their standards m4s on these very positions they can also use different weapons on certain positions . 
  big box and close right are great spots for a shotgun and headshot box could be used to defend with aug , scar-20 or even awp . 
  while ts can use their own awper to peak headshot box they need a weapon that is good on every single situation to check other spots ; ak-47 . 
  now , let 's talk about sg553 counterpart ; aug. . how can this weapon to be used effectively ? 
  aug is a great weapon in mid-long range engagements . 
  for defending b inferno for example , you could push aggressively to the car , get a pick or two and then fall back . 
  then you can continue defending on another mid-long range spot , like in spools for example . 
  and as for the cts they ca n't overuse their special weapons either ; if a player with aug ends up in a clutch situation and he ca n't change his wep then he 's going to have a bad time since he has to be the aggressor if the bomb has been planted . 
  if you are having a better time with sg553 it means that your opponents are n't very good ; they might peek way too much from range , putting themselves to a situation where sg553 will be ideal and you wo n't end up in horrendous close-combat situations . 
  or maybe you just have n't learned to play with ak-47 very well . 
  either way you must ditch out your sg553 for ak if you want to get any better . 
  ** tl ; dr ** sg553 is a ranged weapon and terrorists need a weapon that works very well on all ranges ( ak-47 ) . 
  cts can choose their engagement distances in most cases like hiding behind corners with a shotgun or using auto-sniper on relatively long distances , but ts ca n't ( unless they plant the bomb but you need those aks to take the bombsite ) . 
  they already have done that . 
  old nuke did n't even have secret and they some other healthy changes , such as making vents larger and making heaven not-so-powerful spot to peek players anymore . 
  sure , they still could do some minor changes but i think that nuke is in pretty good spot now . 
  nuke is a tough map to play solo but if you learn to execute strats with your buddies or watch how professional teams play the map , it 's a glorious map . 
  seriously , seeing nip dominate dignitas 13-2 on t side is just . . it 's just something astonishing to watch . 
  [ here 's the original nuke . 
  ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=125608419&amp;searchtext=de_nuke ) sorry , i ca n't find the inferno map that you are talking about but i never claimed that such a thing even existed ( i did n't even know that there was a version like that . ), 
  i would want to say this is a good thing but the game barely had any players even before the gamespy was shut down , unlike battlefield 2 had . 
  keep in mind that mousesports as well did big mistakes like running through smokes as well . 
  i think that the biggest problem what berzerk has is aim ; they know pretty well what 's going on but they simply just are unable to land those shots . 
  they see the shadows of their enemies at doors but they just simply are unable to land headshots and get punished . 
  that still does n't justify some of those kills that he got even though that he played pretty darn well . 
  chris carefully checked those corners , berzerk players saw those shadows and they still failed to take him down . 
  heck , they could have just penetrated a headshot or something on those situations . 
  some of those situations are something that i could have expected pub players to nail but i guess it 's pretty different under pressure . 
  wars are n't won with old people and the younger generation has already either fled or just simply refusing to take up arms against ukrainian forces ; most of them see that fighting in this conflict is not reasonable . 
  default fov is something that is disgusting imo . 
  i get headaches and shit if the fov is on a miserable level like 55 . 
  sure , some people are fine with it like you are but i personally prefer fov and fps over graphics ( but since i get decent fps at high at max fov i have no problems with this issue ) . 
  why not just use reddit ? 
  most of the developers visit this place so your opinion will be heard if it 's well-argumented or something like that . 
  then cancerous posts like this or those vast `` weapon x is so op here 's a killstreak to prove it '' ones gets downvoted to oblivion ( usually ) . 
  then there 's some shameful stuff like excessive amounts of t-ray bashing occurring but usually things are going well here . 
  i wonder why you want only paying guys to have an opinion . 
  you think that those who do n't pay are worthless to the community while people who play are not asshats at all with questionable opinions ? 
  c'mon , be more rational about it . 
  the guys that do n't pay stuff might buy stuff in the future if his opinion gets heard and implemented to the game . 
  if you treat people like niggers during apartheid times then they surely are not happy to pay for stuff because you were n't treated very well in the first place . 
  again , if people get treated like black people during apartheid until they pay some money , what do you makes you think that they would be satisfied with this policy ? 
  you are suggesting a solution for a problem that does n't exist ; the real problem is that this game is n't noob friendly . 
  a lot of players simply quit early on due to performance issues and lack of good , proper , accessive tutorials . 
  if you cant keep noobs around then you will lose revenue since they 'd drop money for some basic cosmetics or weps sooner or later , more money later on if they stick around for a while . 
  if somebody is visiting forums then he clearly has shown interest to the game , and has prob . 
  spent some money . 
  if he joins the discussion about meta then he has played the game even longer and is even more likely been spent money to the game . 
  so i would say that people on forums and reddit are already paying their share . 
  besides , your suggestion is wrong in other ways too . 
  i have spent 80ish bucks since the game got launched . 
  does my opinion matter anymore ? 
  should only people with jobs allowed to vote in elections ? 
  think about those questions . 
  oh well , i wo n't argue with your logic anymore since you wo n't change up your mind and fortunately neither majority of gamers or developers agree with you . 
  how on earth did bioware drop the ball when they created new characters for me3 ? 
  javik is in my opinion the only top-notch character created in me3 , and the rest of them are either pretty decent ( like james ) or just completely bollocks ( like diana ) . 
  character development in me3 was imo good but new characters left a lot to be desired . 
  also mako . 
  volvo pls, 
  it clearly has to be this , a message from our glorious lord , leader and saviour , totalbiscuit :, 
  on a more serious note though , his propaganda videos were pretty good . 
  not the best but they were still pretty entertaining . 
  has to be battlefield 2 . 
  while i think that bf2142 is a better game than bf2 in terms of overall gameplay , modding community is the reason why i think bf2 is the best one . 
  project reality is just absolutely top-notch mod that i still play even to this date . 
  it 's just so bloody damn good that not even arma franchise can match it in my opinion . 
  fh2 , aix , naw and sandbox are also good stuff as well . 
  well , mattiace could do a copyright claim against them in this case ( unless matti gave them a permission to do so ) . 
  it 's a dick move to make money from other people 's work !, 
  about project reality . . think it as a very similar game to arma , but with a battlefield twist on it ; pure pvp combat , objectives , squads , classes . . the list just goes on and one . 
  it 's obviously not for everybody since battles can sometimes be slow , like when you are doing support stuff like mortars or logistics , defending an objective and waiting for attackers or just when you 're attacking and you need to keep your eyes open for hostiles . 
  also , you need to use your mic all the time and talk to strangers . 
  pr community has very little tolerance for micless players ; if you do n't get kicked from a server then you will surely be kicked from even slightly competent squad . 
  [ here 's some gameplay ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnmkkwykbx4 ) to give you an idea what type of game this is . 
  and by `` doing your own thing '' you mean that having terrible hardware that third-party developers ignore you completely so that you have to rely completely on your own ips ? 
  nintendo asslicking in this subreddit is just way too ridiculous . 
  they do a lot of shitty things like taking down vids from youtubers or just constantly recycle their own ips and do nothing new ( having yearly cod or battlefield patches is the worst thing since hitler but it 's a great thing to release mario kart 8 or super mario galaxy 11 or whatever . . 
  hmm ? ), 
  also , why having a closed platform and weak hardware is ok for nintendo but not for other consoles ? 
  i simply just do not get it . 
  nostalgia is the only thing why wiiu is selling so well and is being praised in communities like reddit . 
  i do give them credit for prioritizing 60 fps though . 
  they won the first half with 7 wins , meaning that they did well on ct side . 
  on the second as a t ( which is obviously the better side on dust 2 ) they got only 3 wins . 
  so i do n't see what 's the problem here since mouz started on their stronger side . 
  i think that you just are just angry because you lost your skins and you want to find an excuse for your poor bet ( when the reason is that you did poor analyses , prob . 
  your only analysis being mouz winstreak ) . 
  do n't worry , next time do better analysis and do n't bet things that you do n't want to lose . 
  well , prowler can go immobile just like tick tank could so i do n't see why tr should n't adapt more nod technology . 
  ~ ~ volvo ~ ~ higby pls,
