  if the defending team is not retarded you must spam heavily your smoke gl to get to the mcom stations . 
  also , rush maps have too much places which are extremely hard to pass as an attacker . 
  for conquest , these `` rush maps '' are too tiny for 64 players . 
  with less players it does n't help either . 
  the maps are just garbage . 
  now let 's talk about bad company 2 . 
  battlefield 3 has advertised how you can have advanced destruction etc etc. . these are all lies . 
  in reality you can barely use destruction as your advantage , because almost everything is indestructable . 
  in bad company 2 , this is fixed . 
  you can literally destroy almost every wall , and you can also demolish most of the structures . 
  bad company 2 has one of the best audio design , not sure if the best audio design in video games ever . 
  it is so aggressive and literally gets your blood pressure hard . 
  you hear hard hitting weapons everywhere , explosions , battle cries . . and the voice acting is extremely good !, 
  lots of swearing , lots of aggression , panicking . . 
  if we compare this to bf3 , everything sounds lame and suppressed . 
  it sounds like you are wearing a protective headset . 
  and the voice acting . . oh my god . 
  it is very cringe-worthy , especially on russian side . 
  if you still do n't believe how awesome bc2 audio is , [ watch this while your eyes are closed . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-hy_6lw6jm ) then open your eyes and watch it again . 
  you will be amazed . 
  map design . 
  most of the maps in bad company 2 are designed rush in mind , and they are damn good . 
  attackers gain small advantages like more vehicles , but defenders have the defending advantage . 
  assaulting is much harder than holding the line . 
  conquest is crap in bad company 2 but it was n't designed for it either . 
  i played battlefield 3 for 200 hours and got bored . 
  i have played bc2 for 500 hours and i am still playing . 
  if you are playing on pc , consider heavily bad company 2 instead of bf3 . 
  if you are playing on console . . get the bad company 2 . 
  i am atm in a lan party with 40 + in it . 
  the connection is 20/2 and it has been lagging before . 
  right now rs is lagging all the time , me and my buddies lose connection all the time and the game just freezes now and then . 
  but the other games run smoothly . 
  so , does the servers lags or is it just the connection ? 
  i live in finland . 
  first of all , i am not complaining . 
  i want to say thanks to soe turning this game much more heavily infantry-focused game . 
  the 100-tank zerg times are pretty much over now . 
  this game has much more interesting since being in a tank does not mean that you are immortal . 
  but right now i feel like tanks could use a small buff . 
  they 've been nerfed in almost every area . 
  - magrider has lost its mobility and has reduced damage, 
  - prowler has lost its 1-shot infantry kill ability, 
  - splash damage of tank shells have been reduced . 
  heat rounds must hit almost directly to infantry if you want to achieve a kill . 
  if this was during a launch month this would be very balanced situation . 
  but the thing is , infantry has gained lots of new abilities to kill armor . 
  - c4 for every class ( expect for infil . ), 
  yes , it has been here since the launch but now almost everybody who has played this game for a while has spent 700 certs for double c4 , atleast for one class . 
  if somebody manages to flank you while you are in your tank you are pretty much dead , unless you look behind all the time like a paranoid or you have a good secondary gunner with ai weapon . 
  - new at weapons !, 
  engineer turret and bunch of effective rocket launchers . 
  annihilators can be extremely effective and cheap if organized platoons use them , engineer turrets are basically rocket sniper rifles : very hard to miss a tank , even from a range . 
  snipers are your biggest threat when using them , but there are ways to counter them too . 
  and not only that , now you are actually * awarded * for killing tanks . 
  when i watch enemy tank i do n't see a threat , i see 2 certs . 
  and i 'll do everything to get the * priiize . 
  - suicide bombing . 
  2 at mines or 2 c4 , run to the tank out of their fov , place explosives and boom !, 
  you get your 2 certs and you are one happy man . 
  - you are new favourite prey for esf !, 
  if you have no aa cover the esf will get behind you and fire few precise rockets to your back and it will get its prize . 
  sure this has happened before , but esfs were usually hunting infantry , not your precious tank . 
  why ? 
  because infantry used to be easiest way of acquire certs . 
  facilities and spawn rooms are also designed to be much more infantry-friendly . 
  more walls , better windows , more exists etc. . 
  so , that is the end of my rant . 
  so how could we make tanks more powerful again ? 
  i mean , how could we make the fights more balanced ? 
  - make tank shells more powerful . 
  they feel like huge paintball cannons . 
  more splash damage , more damage , but not as powerful as in the launch . 
  - make mbts more expensive . 
  making mbts effective , but expensive tools makes them more valuable . 
  you can deal huge amounts of damage with that thing but if you lose it . . it hurts you a lot . 
  - give tanks a way to counter suicide bombers . 
  maybe more fov or some kinda of sensor that starts beeping if it detects the enemy is next to you like in . . 5 meters ? 
  post your opinions and ideas !, 
  please help me !, 
  i am completely clueless what i should do !, 
  so yesterday i had a caprice that i wanted to play a driving game . 
  when i was one of those peasants few years ago i used to play a lot of driving games with my playstation 2 , which i enjoyed a lot . 
  since i got rid off the heretic system i ca n't play them with consoles . 
  i was browsing my glorious steam library and i noticed that have dirt 3 which came with my glorious hd6950 . 
  i knew that driving a car with a keyboard is something terribad . 
  even though i knew what risks would occur if i did it , but i decided to buy myself a controller . 
  so , there i was , sitting with on my chair while holding the package . 
  i knew if i touched that bloody thing there might be no way returning back . 
  but the temptation was stronger and i got rid off the package . 
  and i did it . 
  i held the controller with both of my hands . 
  it was something familiar . 
  having sticks under my thumbs was something . . relaxing . 
  l2 and r2 buttons were not familiar , but i did n't mind about it . 
  so i started playing the game . 
  i played it for three hours . 
  single-player . 
  rally .
