  so yeah , community is quite small but it is still there . 
  they are also ( mostly ) helpful for newbies , so do n't be afraid to jump in !, 
  well , when compared these two games pr definitely has disadvantages but it 's advantages is the reason why i prefer pr . 
  firstly , pr is more focused on this tactical , objective-based pvp gameplay where superior team and tactics win . 
  you focus on completing objectives ( which is either capturing flags or destroying weapon caches , depending on the game mode ) instead of this `` militaristic immersion '' in mostly pve elements . 
  tons of tactics are being utilized such as flanking the frontline , setting up spawn locations behind enemy lines , logistics to bring in supplies and soldiers . . the team who can organize the most in a 50vs50 mess is the winner . 
  many realistic gameplay elements such as vehicle gameplay have been `` dumbed down '' , which is due to design decision but also because of the engine limitations . 
  technically pr is severely lacking but developers are making a sequel with cryengine 3 , and i am excited to see what they 're coming up with . 
  so , pr is superior in pvp combat while arma 2 is more of like that militaristic pve immersion ; apples and oranges , you know ? 
  i have n't played too much of arma series so i really ca n't speak of it . 
  [ you cruel bastards !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcry50co2ma ), 
  or even better , get it for [ 200sc ] ( https://www.planetside2.com/details?buy=ps2re-ig-dd1114-webbun ), 
  op , you already mentioned that you wo n't buy any sc , but 200sc/2 $ really is n't a bad deal for a gun which can be used by every class and every faction . 
  plus , you get a camo !, 
  yeah , i definitely agree with that . 
  my message was n't aimed for tb though , just making a recommendation for my fellow redditors . 
  i kinda have to disagree with this . 
  if op gets fed up with eu , it is quite bad that he 's going to miss all good stuff in ew . 
  also , there has been tons of good balance changes and less annoying things in ew , so that would make the experience better . 
  also , new maps are imo much better than the eu maps . 
  not saying that vanilla eu is bad ( it 's great ) , but i still recommend skipping it . 
  it simply just wo n't happen . 
  microsoft most likely paid double helix a hefty amount of money so this game would be xbone exclusive . 
  there 's no literally no other good reason to be exclusive title . 
  what have you done ?!? 
  absolutely . 
  psg usually gets fucked in the ass in several ways . 
  losing dat soldier camo might be a loss for you , but you can buy a new one , 
  hint : here 's a [ camo + smg + boost ] ( https://www.planetside2.com/details?buy=ps2re-ig-dd1114-webbun ) bundle only for 200sc . 
  it 's very solid and versatile gun for close-mid range engagements . 
  also , it 's available for all classes so you can do tower-stomping and cqc-infliltrating with the same gun !, 
  me too !, 
  my character finally looks like tali !, 
  i think you get some special version of commissioner . 
  do n't quote me on that though . 
  . . but we already got one esp per faction ? 
  if you can build legoes , you can build pcs . 
  did n't know about that . . but i still doubt that they 'll release this title for pc . 
  killer instinct is one of the best , if not the best exclusive for xbox one . 
  i doubt that microsoft would give away one of their selling points for competing platform . 
  maybe couple years in the future , perhaps ? 
  killing floor ? 
  it 's my favourite zombie shooter of all time . 
  it should should run on weaker machines , but do n't quote me on that . 
  it has lots of gore though , but i think he might enjoy that . 
  i would like to note that it is pretty dull game when played , because it heavily relies on teamwork and classes . 
  it 's better if he had some friends to play with or play in public servers . 
  [ well , umm . . ] ( http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/qubg-flhvfe/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  note that they 're cloaked most of the time . 
  [ then there 's this ] ( http://yctag.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/siren.jpg ), 
  yes , they 're naked but the goal is just to shoot the crap out of them . 
  i 've heard that nudity is pretty much a tabu in us , so it might be problematic for him . 
  [ no , it does n't . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9myh30ano0 ), 
  yes , it still is there but because it has been dramatically reduced , it has very little effect on firefights . 
  this was back in the launch , when there were ~ 30-60k steam players , which dropped to 10k in march . 
  also , i found [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1l9yr3/soe_firing_people_planetside_affected/cbx9k8w ), 
  i do get what you 're saying , but i still genuinely believe that the money soe gets from planetside 2 is at least bigger than the expenses . 
  they are n't making any big money but the project is still profitable , or that 's what i believe . 
  okay , let 's do some * very * logical maths . 
  yesterday the peak was ~ 17k concurrent players , which is n't anything amazing , but it 's not a small number either . 
  now , let 's multiple that with . . let 's say 8 , which is usually the amount of all active players in total . 
  that gives us 136k active players . 
  let 's cut that to 120k , shall we ? 
  okay , let 's assume that the game has 120k active players , who plays the game at least couple times each month . 
  how many of those are subscribed ? 
  not too many . . but every player brings in 8-15 $ each month . 
  if only 1/20th of the players are subscribed and the average subscription fee if is 12 $ , that is 60 000 $ for soe each month . 
  what about the rest of the monetization ? 
  well , that 's hard to say . . but have you noticed how many low-ranked players carry a ns-7 pdw ? 
  most of them have bought the fresh meat pack , which is only 2 $ , but grants you ns-7 pdw and a camo . 
  each purchase grants soe another 2 $ to their pockets . 
  then somebody of course takes the money from between . . prosieben , steam , player-studio . . 
  i am not sure how much these parties take , but let 's keep that in mind . 
  alright , then the expenses : how many developers are making ps2 ? 
  let 's say 25 , just for the heck of it . 
  the salary for them ? 
  i would assume it 's from 3-5k , depending on the development skill . 
  let 's say it 's 4k average . 
  multiple that with 25 , and you have 100k salary expenses . 
  then there 's other expenses such as server maintenance , development tools , coffee , money for the big boss . . yeah , these cost money too !, 
  so if we get 60k from subscription + other monetization , and developer salary is 100k + other expensives . . yeah , i think the expenses are maybe slightly bigger than the income . 
  obviously when lots of new stuff come out , like the upcoming valentine update , i would assume that there will be a peak in monetization . 
  it 's hard to say though , and since my numbers are just estimations . . yeah . 
  you still got the point : soe is going for the big money , which is the ps4 launch . 
  but i still genuinely think that ps2 brings money on the table , even in it 's current state . 
  i dunno about xenonauts , but i do recommend enemy within . 
  first of all , ew is a great expansion . 
  it makes the game much more varied , because they added tons of great maps , lots of new missions which are very exciting to play at least in the first time . 
  new gadgets like mecs and gene mods really do make the game much more fun to play as well . 
  mec is n't overpowered , but it really helps you to tank damage early in the game . 
  then there 's lots of teeny weeny annoyances removed , such as managing your stuff before you go to the mission is easier this time . 
  now , the downsides . . late-game is even easier this time around . 
  this is my biggest complaint about this expansion . 
  your gene mods will give you some insanely powerful gene mods , such as preventing mind control , allowing your units to cloak , detect enemies behind walls , death always becomes a critical would + extra revive/stabilization time . . personally , i would be fine with this but the enemy just do n't have any powerful counters against this . 
  mecs are very powerful too , but the later the game goes on , the less effective they become . 
  also , the new exalt is . . easy . 
  very easy , actually .
