  snake kills squaddie grenadier with single shot . 
  next round i try to move to a flankable position and hurt snake with my sniper but it 's no use - the other grenadier gets binded and crushed instantly . 
  i still attempt to ditch out some damage but it misses and my specialist gets binded next . 
  my sniper attempts to hit one last flanking shot but it obviously misses and he gets binded & killed next . 
  so yeah , maybe i could 've salvaged that if i had an extra flashbang , but the mission had so many stun lancers that i could n't risk it . 
  shame that hit percentages were so badly against me at the end . 
  oh well , time to grind the damned gatecrasher once again . . 
  i think i used all of my rng luck in the previous mission . 
  a hacking mission with 2 rookies & no specialist means that we 're going to do suicidal plays . 
  surviving flanking shots ( albeit flashed ) was n't part of the plan as it clearly consumed all of my luck on worthless soldiers . 
  but yeah , lancers are an annoyance . 
  with 8hp they almost always need that flashbang treatment . 
  i feel that puff should get a 10pt price nerf . 
  70pt for a sead alone is a good deal ( especially since it 's 3/2/1 ) , but this is also your anti-helo plane so you do n't need to bring one separately or be slightly gimped against akulas . 
  it 's so bloody good in smaller games in which 30 ecm is n't that relevant ( and it 's not too bad either ) . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfc64aha3tc ), 
  well , the servers apparently were closed 3 years ago , and it 's easy to notice that the game was n't exactly a smashing hit . 
  i mean really , this game seems like bloated bf2 with useless content . 
  why would i play this over the original ? 
  well , ussr had already invaded and conquered manchuria , and mainland invasion was also a possibility . 
  if us would n't had dropped nukes & would 've invaded the mainland then i 'm sure the ussr would 've done the same as well . 
  i doubt that they 'd vote for greens since they already think that democrats are dirty libtard leftists ( or something like that ) . 
  oh , that is certainly true . 
  it 's just that these people have been taught from the beginning that lowering taxes & trickle down politics help the working people etc. 
  why would they vote for greens if they 've been taught that their ideas are batshit crazy and would ruin the economy , and the red scare still runs deep within their veins ? 
  however , the american people are finally seeing that their system is full of shit . 
  with the rise of sanders ( and trump to some extent , people see him as an independent from lobbyists who would make things right ) it 's abundantly clear that the people demand change . 
  germany is so . . boring . 
  it 's pretty much nothing but long tarmac sections , and the challenge just comes down to hitting early apexes . 
  with monaco you at least get some variety , and narrow roads offer you a nice challenge . 
  stat means that you cant shoot while moving ( no stabilizer . ), 
  cqc means you can shoot at a target in the same block . 
  a gun without traits means that you can shoot while moving but not at a target in the same block . 
  clean sweep with 2142 hud . . ? 
  suosittelen [ doron ] ( http://www.doro.fi/mobile-devices/easy-phones.html ) hankkimista . 
  it means midweek madness , which means that the game is on sale . 
  twtich has solid 2/2 stats , arguably the best gun in the game with its monstrous rpm ( on pc as you need to control that recoil ) , and her gadget can be used for scouting , backup thatcher and harassing . 
  obviously she 's not a must-pick character but an excellent package nonetheless . 
  the rpg is not just decent , it 's the best rpg available for 10-point line inf . 
  55 % acc + 700m with the magic number of 16ap is not a joke , it will wreck 2 armor apc 's with one shot . 
  it 's practically just slightly worse carl gustav . 
  sites like these might sell you keys bought with stolen credit cards etc. 
  that has n't happened to me but it 's better to bear that in mind . 
  they 're 15 points . 
  unless they were recently buffed then yeah , i am certain about it . 
  there is a risk . 
  if you buy a stolen key then there 's a chance that steam revokes your key . 
  well , that 's nice . 
  some sites do n't do that though or you need to pay slightly extra for buyer 's protection ( kinguin ) . 
  i beg to differ . 
  during ww2 millions of ukrainian served in the red army . 
  approximately 1,65 million ukrainian soldiers and 3,7 million civilian lost their lives during the war . 
  that was 16,3 % of their total population . 
  while the impact of the us effort was significant , the largest and the most gruesome battles were fought in the eastern front . 
  dunno about iceland specifically , overall pirates have been largely a single-issue party due to their irrelevancy , which i find being a good thing . 
  better to make the best out of your hand , right ? 
  all pirates do n't agree on every issue , but they do share ideas that would appeal to leftists such as internet privacy , copyright freedom , anti-racism/sexism and being transparent . 
  climate change is also an issue that they 're tackling on . 
  economically though they certainly are liberal , but they do n't agree with current power structures . 
  i guess they just do n't see capitalism being the issue , so you could label them as reformists . 
  h\u00e4n on uskonsa jumala , profeetta , messias . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/4dtjtp/pol_calls_sweden/ ), 
   9mm is handgun ammunition , you would n't expect it in an smg . 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  smg 's are weapons that are literally designed to use pistol cartridges . 
  yes . 
  for example mp5 , fmg-9 and c1 use 9mm , and ump45 uses .45 acp . 
  then there 's new pdw designation , which is a bit weird . 
  these weapons use slightly bigger cartridges , such as fn 5.7 x28mm on p90 or hk 4.6 \u00d7 30mm * on mp7 . 
  as the name suggests the belgian cartridge is also used by five-seven pistol . 
  then there 's also carbines , which are practically just shortened rifles with their big cartridges . 
  wrestling is more real than any other tv show . 
  you need to perform difficult stunts in front of live audience . 
  duh , it 's group b. shame that the class was banned . 
  oh , right , renault 5 was added to the game . 
  now that i checked the maxi turbo does n't even exist in the game . 
  that 's me every bloody time . 
  yes , this is true . 
  sanders is n't proposing socialism even if he 's claiming to do so , and i ca n't understand why he 's doing that . 
  surely he has read enough political theory to understand the difference ? 
  socialism is a different economic model in which the means of production are controlled by the workers instead of capitalists . 
  it 's quite literally the anti-thesis of capitalism . 
  implementing welfare is just part of a welfare state . 
  ironically these policies were originally implemented to prevent socialistic revolution . 
  if the working class were content with their standard of living ( which is achieved through good legislation and welfare ) , then they would have no reason to revolt . 
  if it 's really cheap wheel then it probably does n't have ffb or it 's very bad . 
  proper ffb gives your hands accurate information and acts like it would in real life . 
  i mean , you can do very fast times with a controller , or even with keyboard and mouse * ( i 've seen some maniacs that clock top-tier times ) , but a good wheel definitely helps !, 
  not exactly sure about sweden 's situation , but the right wing usually advocates for open borders because it brings cheap labor , which is great for businesses . 
  one thing to keep in mind about european politics is that american `` left '' , the democrats , are fiscally more to the right than * most of our right-wing parties . 
  no kidding . 
  [ here 's a scientific calcutator ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgjfvrhotlq ) that can do arithmetic , trigonometry , logarithm and even draw linear equations . 
  that 's certainly not the case on consoles . 
  with pc you have the luxury of being able to land headshots in a heartbeat , but with consoles shotguns get a big advantage at close range . 
  the game should be balanced differently depending on the platform imo . 
  not as easy as on pc though , the difference is big . 
  not managing to kill with your first shot with your pump-action usually means that you 're dead . 
  in many cases you do n't even get a chance to pull your trigger due to some players having great aim that are using their peeker 's advantage . 
  anyway , i too feel like super 90 mostly fine on pc , because it did n't have that big of an advantage at close range , but the complaints about it came from consoles where it 's harder to do pin-point accuracy headshots - therefore i think these platforms should be balanced differently .
