  these should grant an air superiority in the openers . 
  mi-25 is also a great gunship as it costs only 65 points - ca n't deal with heavy stuff though . 
  on the air tab you get an excellent 1000kg bomber for 80 points and a q-5d with its laser-guided bombs - these will wreck both tanks and infantry . 
  also , b-5 . 
  asf 's are pretty shite though , nothing remarkable in the low-end and su-25sk is just too shite for 150 points . 
  as mentioned , rd is very good in small games , especially if you go motorized . 
  go watch [ firestarter 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucb1zkstpgygwgam67_jqhwq ) channel to see how it 's played . 
  ptz-89 , 65 points . 
  and no , moto does n't lose it . 
  ye and ka-52 is not a helicopter since it 's in the recon tab . 
  yes , you are . 
  there is li jian '75 but that one has a bad rocket launcher . 
  it 's cheaper , though . 
  then there 's chinese marines for 30 points but they have mediocre assault rifles and a rocket launcher with less ap . 
  there 's plenty of 48-player classic servers in europe . 
  change your settings . 
  and with 48 players it 's definitely more tactical , i like it . 
  and that 's how it should be imo . 
  tanks are not supposed to be in close quarters where c4 ` ers can come from every angle . 
  you should always be in open fields and have a decent gunner who will kill the odd sneaky bastards . 
  that 's how it is in real life and i like how the game is authentic in that aspect . 
  yes , you can . 
  start playing with full premades . 
  that is the only solution here . 
  if not then expect to have edgy trolls in your matches . 
  fair enough . 
  well , the rule of thumb with multiplatformers is that the game is better on pc , especially if it 's a shooter . 
  that said , bfh seems like an exception . 
  [ as you can see , pc has hell of a lot less players ] ( http://bfhstats.com/ ) when compared to consoles . 
  so if you really want the title then i guess you should go with the ps4 . 
  two minutes . 
  that was the rollercoaster demo . 
  first you need to find the replay folder . 
  it 's probably in the saved games folder ( not in the steam games directory which is sort of stupid ) . 
  once you have found the folder open your file with notepad . 
  the code is written [ like this , ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jrd54ho.png ) so you just need to copy and paste it . 
  stabilizer means how accurate the weapon is when the unit is moving . 
  this is an extremely important statistics for units like tanks - if the tanks have very poor or no stabilizer at all then are very poor when attacking since they have to stop before shooting . 
  jets have the same accuracy and stabilizer as they are moving all the time . 
  in my opinion your air tab is just way too expensive for 1vs1 's . 
  maybe swap night or eagle for something cheaper ? 
  and maybe a cheaper sead as well . 
  i dunno , this is just my opinion . 
  also , if you remove either of your bombers or even the asf then you could add the manpads and a third card of tanks as well . 
  imo 9 tanks just wo n't cut but if that fits your playstyle then so be it . 
  also , you should get rid of the atgm lav . 
  recon bradley is just so much better as an atgm platform and the iltis should be used in the openers . 
  14 tow-2 platforms is just a waste of cards , especially when you have the longbow . 
  consider adding ontos to the deck - if you are n't facing 0-aim time rocket launchers then a stack of four will demolish everything in forests . 
  and i do n't think that the wolverine is that smart of a choice . 
  you lack one high-dps aa piece and a spaag or avenger should fulfill that role . 
  openers may be slightly harder but maybe you can use dap 's for that . . 
   it 's new and different, 
  no , it is not . 
  it is literally the same game in so many aspects that asking for 60 bucks + 50 bucks for the dlc 's is an insult . 
  they changed some of the animations , models and skins plus added few new weapons and gadgets on top of new maps . 
  it is not `` something different '' and you are delusional if you think it that way - even bf3 and bf4 had more proper differences for pete 's sake . 
  it 's also a lot worse than bf4 in many aspects and because of that the players voted with their wallets and did n't buy the game . . 
  fun fact : most cod titles have more players on pc than bfh does . 
   you should be taking the smaw at team instead of the eryx . 
  i 'd like to see your reasoning for this . 
  imo eryx is better since you do n't have minimum range on that missile plus you get 4 extra ap and more range . 
  swap canadian airborne '90 to ' 75 . 
  they are cheaper and better since c2a1 is one of the best machineguns in the game - you get only a tenth less damage when compared to mg3 but it deals 4 times more suppression . 
  also , if you decide to stick to avengers then remove the manpads team . 
  they fulfill pretty much the same role . 
  i recommend trying assault engineers . 
  they are imo a very underrated unit as they have extremely high dps . 
  just pop them to a city block , let them dish out the damage vs elite units and pull back them for refill & repair . 
  aside from personal preferences on top of / u/saltysalad 's suggestions the deck is fine . 
  maybe swap coyote for 75pt recon bradley ? 
  remove asf and add napalm phantom ii instead ? 
  maybe put rangers in blackhawks and use them in openers ? 
  these are things that i 'd do . 
  well thanks for y' all for the tips . 
  i 'll take the advice , study my replays and try to improve from there . 
  ontos is not fire support . 
  they are forest fighters , one of the best ones actually . 
  their 30 % accuracy becomes a lot higher when inside forests , and their 12ap 3he heat cannons with 6 shots before reloading will wreak havoc . 
  a stack of four will destroy everything - infantry , transports , anti-air . . even superheavies !, 
  the only serious threat against it is 0-aim time rocket launchers , and even they require microing when going against ontos . 
  hmm , fair enough . 
  i have a card of marines in my norad deck for the forest fights so having a second lvpt team seems a bit redundant . 
  when the perks of lvpt have been rule out the eryx is a better choice for me imo . 
  i was going to give you some tips about gas control and such , but it seems that you have been [ shadowbanned . 
  ] ( http://enhanceviewsbugs.uservoice.com/knowledgebase/articles/340520-what-is-reddit-shadowban ) maybe you have posted your content way too many times ? 
  create a new account and post less generic content next time around . 
  most people are n't interested in watching someone driving poorly . 
  i 'm not an expert on the subject , but if you have a wheel then here 's some tips . 
  you should rarely , if ever hold the gas pedal at the bottom when turning . 
  that messes with the weight of the car and causes you to lose control . 
  this is especially true when you are accelerating from 0 velocity . 
  learn to drive slowly first , as slow as you can . 
  give the gas pedal gentle pushes and try to keep the vehicle steady . 
  you need to learn how to walk before you can run . 
  you can stabilize the car by giving it a small brake - this will move the weight of the car to front . 
  letting go from the gas pedal also helps . 
  rwd cars also require hell of a lot counter-steering . 
  force feedback gives you all the information that you need on how much counter-steering is needed , learn to use that information . 
  when you are getting a hang of it just increase the speed of your vehicle gradually .
