  i always think he 's truman from kill bill . . 
  this platform has been overclocked , you do n't have an excuse, 
  bioware did n't have big budget when they made mass effect 1 , they did n't have so much small details . 
  here 's a good example , tali makes human footsteps and wrex does n't make any footsteps, 
  you sir you are welcome, 
  it seems like bugs and glitches atm are at same level when they used to be at beta time, 
  how ironic , i just found that hamster too on my 3rd walkthrough today . 
  i though first that was a ship model or something , but when it started moving i knew it was that hamster what everyone was talking about -, 
  late-game though , just made peace between geth & quarians, 
  this was . . amusing . 
  harkin said nasty things to femshep in me1 , and she did n't forget it . . 
  that 's why so difference dialogues, 
  bots ? 
  that 's very lame, 
  here you go , 31 invincible spycrabs !, 
  ( skip to 0:47 ), 
  i 'm 100 % sure that the game they were playing was call of duty, 
  i heard there was halo or something . . but i think it 's just a joke, 
  marauder shields already held the line . 
  we got extended cut , thanks to his sacrifice . 
  but this . . 
  i do n't get it . 
  atlases are now red ,, 
  oceans are blue . 
  cortez crashes the shuttle, 
  you have come too far, 
  reminds me so much about arrival , dlc added after the game was released , and is important in storytelling . 
  in final space battle , i would wan na see a cutscene where leviathan kills a reaper ( assuming leviathan is a reaper capital ship ), 
  at the final scene , elcor steals normandy which has a nuke in , then drives it to dark space . 
  before it explodes , he escapes with a shuttle . 
  i 'd like to see archangel dlc , based on omega . 
  after the normandy explodes , garrus goes back to c-sec , but ca n't take it anymore , so he goes to omega , and well , you know the story -, 
  soldier is fun class to play imo . . but never beats adept , or my favourite , vanguard . 
  in every cycle reapers captured the citadel so they could disable mass relay network & kill the leadership . 
  the resistance could be much weaker . 
  only theory i have in my mind is that reapers underestimated organics , and did n't see any reason to capture the citadel . 
  only time when reapers saw organics as serious threat , was the time when tim told about crucible to reapers . 
  at that time , reapers headed straight to citadel , and moved it to sol system . 
  also , they started to use citadel as processing factory . 
  just wondering about one thing . . 
  if reapers would 've captured the citadel at very beginning , and all star systems isolated , you would think that you could not make game about that . . 
  . . but normandy still has that reaper iff, 
  you should post on / r/mecoop but i 'll give my tips . 
  - do n't run like headless chicken . 
  if you do n't notice like marauder for example , whose behind a corner , you 're probably fucked . 
  especially if you have low hp class . 
  - if your team plays all tech classes , you should switch to tech class too . 
  single adept ca n't do much damage . 
  if all your teammates are techs/biotics , you have much bigger chance to survive . 
  - only one sniper infiltrator per team . 
  sniper infiltrators do n't do so much damage against big guys , but does better in objectives . 
  if you 're shotgun infiltrator , and can play it , then it 's okay to have multiple of game . 
  - know how to play your class . 
  you should know how to play your class , what 's good build for your class , good weapons , amount of hp etc. . 
  there are lots of tutorials online , you should check them . 
  here 's my favourite youtube tutorial & gameplay maker . 
  - practice on silver . 
  if you are not sure how to play your class or you do n't succeed with your class on gold , switch to silver . 
  also , if your class is below lvl 16 , i recommend level up on silver . 
  - do n't play soldier . 
  soldier was one of the best classes in mass effect 1 & 2 , because they had access to all weapon types . 
  ( expect smg in me2 ) . 
  now , every class has access to every weapon type . 
  almost every sentinel counterpart is better than soldier . 
  only really effective soldier is n7 destroyer . 
  - play with friends !, 
  communicating is very important . 
  if you do n't have friends , or your friends do n't play me3 , i recommend getting some teammates or talking to random guys over microphone in-game , like telling phantom coming from left , now is the missile time etc. . 
  - never run out of supplies . 
  jumbo equipment packs are your friends . 
  if you do n't have medi-gel , while going to game , you could fail in wave 10 , while you should only disarm one objective . 
  also , do n't waste your supplies !, 
  if your team sees a banshee coming , and your team is in strong position , do n't kill that banshee with missile . 
  you should try target massive groups of enemies with missiles . 
  at wave 10 big boogies will respawn , until you have finished your objective . 
  at wave 11 , do n't use missiles . 
  everything will respawn . 
  now to other topic . 
  if you die and there 's only 2 brutes left , do n't use medigel . 
  you should assume that your teammates can kill them . 
  but if there 's lots of enemies left , you should revive yourself . 
  however , you should spam the spacebar until to very end , then use the medigel . 
  use thermal clips !, 
  you will have always too much of them . 
  i have 11 missiles , 5 medigel , 23 health boost packs , and 80 thermal clip packs currently . 
  - also , have fun !, 
  now excuse me , i have to wipe my ass, 
  i would n't recommend going straight to platinum . 
  it 's really , really hard . 
  put this as your wallpaper , and it 's perfect, 
  so . . was the kinect so terrible ? 
  read your flair . . then look at the mirror, 
  i wasted so much on those side-quests , talking to people , probing a planet , then coming back and giving him that object . . 
  and i did everything this time . 
  is the power-wheel only option to use powers in single-player ( without kinect ) ? 
  on pc , you have keys 1-8 which use powers . 
  i 've seen some 360 mp gameplay , and there you have lb , y and rb as your power buttons . 
  i think there 's not a `` shift '' in 360 controller, 
  well then i typed wrong . 
  i meant is there some other option to use powers than voice or power wheel , in xbox 360 .
