  design good maps for one specific gamemode . 
  do n't try to create up a great map which will work greatly for both rush , conquest or any other gamemode , because that is simply just not going to work . 
  keep designing maps with these values in mind : heavy infantry focus on rush with vehicle advantage for attackers , make each m-com pair an unique `` battle zone '' . 
  for conquest , make combined arms as the main thing in these maps . 
  bring back conquest : assault , since almost all fan-favourite maps in bf2 were conquest : assault . 
  you are definitely allowed to make some maps more infantry-focused and some maps more vehicle-focused , but do n't go too far like you did with operation metro for example . 
  also , avoid choke-points at all costs both in rush and conquest . 
  this is probably the biggest mistake in some of your map designs , especially in bf3 . 
  either make these chokepoints destructible through destruction or do n't make them at all . 
  ** tl ; dr ** make maps designed for one specific game-mode , infantry-focused rush maps with 32 players and 64-player conquest maps with focus on combined arms . 
  just choose country `` australia '' and there 's your result . 
  apparently there 's only 1 filled server for each gamemode . 
  that 's pretty dead but you should still be able to play nevertheless . 
  bc2 was a game that i did n't expect too much about it but it vastly exceeded my expectations . 
  i expected bc2 to be a `` console battlefield '' , a mere treat for us until bf3 would come out . 
  to be honest though , i was so surprised how good the game was !, 
  sure , the maps were smaller and it lacked in some other battlefield standards as well but oh my god how they nailed rush . 
  this game-mode was so intense close-quarter fighting with tons of epic moments which can be found on other bf titles engine as well . 
  there 's nothing more satisfying than shooting down a chopper with m136 launcher , and the chills you got when you armed and blew up the m-com by yourself at the final moment . . god . 
  battlefield 3 on the other hand , was a title that i expected too much about it . 
  i expected it to be a true battlefield title with loyal to its sequels and truly being a pc title solely , not being limited by consoles . 
  unfortunately i simply could n't agree with some of their design philosophies ( like map design , excessive amounts of useless gadgets ) and abysmal dlc policies . 
  while a lot of people playing on consoles remember bf3 being an awesome title which it might have been for them they would have seen how much better it could have been without console limits . 
  that being said though , i ca n't say so sure which title was better , bc2 or bf3 . 
  while i do have better memories from bc2 it could be possible that bf3 after all was a game that was a better one after all . 
  while i certainly do agree with your points there are still some things that you should consider :, 
  1 : even though that the amount of vehicles has been increased it should be noted that the vehicles were much more deadlier in older titles . 
  any average joe had a chance to wreak havoc with any vehicles , making infantry almost completely dependent with friendly vehicles against enemy vehicles . 
  i am not saying that this is a bad thing after all but it certainly caused a lot of bullsh . . frustration . 
  i think that the main problem with bf3 & 4 is that a big chunk of servers run a fast vehicle respawn . 
  while the standard vehicle respawn delay is just too quick too in my opinion the respawn delay in some servers is just * insane . 
  * seriously , what is the point of intercepting an enemy jet if he is on my tail again in matter of a dozen seconds ? 
  2 : while the ttk in bf3 & bf4 is without a doubt smaller than in bf2 and other older titles there 's a new game mechanic implemented as well : regenerative health . 
  this allows other classes than assault to effectively operate behind enemy lines due to the fact that regenerative health makes them more survivable . 
  i think that this is a bad mechanic for games like battlefield since it demotes teamwork , and battlefield should be all about teamwork . 
  ehh , i do not agree giving a better armor penetration starting pistol for t . that could definitely screw over eco rounds since ts could have armor and anti-armor pistol while cts could only settle for either armor or anti-armor pistol . 
  sure , on the highest levels this would n't change so much since people can land headshots pretty much instantly and they resort usually for nades and a kit but on any levels lower than that pistol rounds would start heavily favouring t side . 
  sorry mate , this is n't forumside . 
  you can find it right [ here . 
  ] ( https://forums.station.sony.com/ps2/index.php ) now pack your stuff and leave . 
  yeah , it definitely is a bit boxy model with maybe a little bit of a makeshift feel on it . 
  definitely not a bad design but not the most original either but i would make it an nc helmet if you 'd like to tray to show some green light for it . 
  either that or you really should rework that model to fit tr philosophy . 
  if your opponents are worse than you , they are noobs . 
  if they 're better than you then they 're hackers . 
  and he definitely should !, 
  these items are apparently being sold for like 10 buds . 
  each buds is 16 keys while each key is $ 2,50 . 
  now that 's worth of $ 400 !, 
  op , dont make a mistake and sell this item for petty pennies . 
  ah , my mistake , i just made some quick calculations and $ 400 was the result . 
  anyway , $ 150 is still a nice amount of money . 
  it did n't really matter though , col got wrecked pretty darn badly . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iprndugtgmc ), 
   the overwatch cases you are given are all below your current rank, 
  source ? 
  i actually like that some pistols are getting paired with cz in terms of viability . 
  however , this update made the smg problem even worse since pistols are even better this time and i hope that the metagame will be enhanced in future patches ( remove aimpunch , anyone ? 
  if somebody can tap that trigger in its maximum potential while maintaining a solid aim with it , i 'd admire them . 
  removing aimpunch would * buff * smgs , not nerf them . 
  currently you * must * buy armor if you want to have any chance to win a round . 
  if you lose the pistol round and play as the ct or did n't plant the bomb , you can buy armor + good pistol and still buy good guns on the 4th round . 
  because of this you will be against armored opponents pretty much all the time and since smgs do n't do jack shit against armor , you must n't buy smgs at all ( unless you are a silver scrub who can only use p90 ) . 
  if aimpunch was removed then the economy game would be enhanced in a way that we would see interesting force-buys which would include sacrificing extra damage protection for better weapons and/or nades . 
  damage reduction is still a bonus worth well over $ 650/1000 , but currently you * must * buy that armor if you want to win a round since aimpunch gives your opponent a decisive advantage . 
  smgs would make a comeback because your opponents would be a lot less likely to buy that armor . 
  buying a rifle in gun rounds is obviously a way to go but we would see a lot more mixed buys from a team which leads in terms of economy , especially after winning a pistol round . 
  but since you are most likely dealing against armor on the 2nd round . 
  what is the point of buying them ? 
  i mean , on my skill level they 're still usable since people rarely buy armor even if they could afford to buy on 4th round . 
  if your opponent has armor then what is the point of having smgs ? 
  only way to pile up some money after pistol win is to either buy a shotgun or buy a pistol ( while rest of your teams buys guns ) . 
  100/10 for 20 $ each month . . here in finland . 
  glorious nordic socialism master race !, 
  well , it takes me about 15 or 10 minutes , even less if steam servers are working well . 
  the great thing is that when you buy games from sales you do n't get bored when you wait for your new precious to be installed - you just pretty much go and grab your snacks asap . 
  i do n't have too many things to brag about , but my internet connection is definitely one of them . 
  however , i do know pretty well how it feels like to have a shitty internet connection . 
  i used to have a 2/1 connection which was not only soddingly expensive but it also crashed a lot . 
  it did n't have any data caps fortunately but it was pretty irrelevant since you 'd have to for quite a while if you wanted anything to be downloaded . 
  games were smaller in those days though . . 
  in war , civilians are always the group that takes the biggest hit . 
  ukraine is not an expection . 
  it 's unfortunate that cease-fire failed and now everybody , especially civilians must suffer : /, 
  it was worse in battlefield 3 in fact . 
  everybody was overprotective for dice . 
  if you had any critizism about battlefield 3 , you were instantly claimed to be a 12-years old cod fanboy who does nothing but plays solo and quickscopes . 
  at least they 've grown balls to critize the game . 
  still pretty cancerous community though . 
  i hope that it 's only the vocal minority some people have claimed . 
  you might not agree with the statement that halo 's are competitive , but you really ca n't disagree with his other points , can you ? 
  iron gaming fucked up halo players with various ways and now they 're hosting a cs tournament like nothing ever happened , possibly doing another cash-grab . 
  i also agree with you that competitive fps gaming on consoles is a joke but his point is still relevant ; iron gaming is terribad . 
  heck , they even could n't provide proper tables for nip ( and presumabely for other teams as well ) . 
  there are couple reasons for that :, 
  seperatists possibly use civilian locations to use artillery . 
  when goverment forces answer to that fire , seperatists just move away their artillery equipment and take propaganda pics how goverment just shells civilians . 
  there had been evidence to support this claim like the recent seperatist artillery placement on a church yard . 
  miscalculated fire . 
  the guys at ukrainian army have a lot of inexperienced recruits .
