  the flags are just too close to each other , and it really does not matter if one flag gets captured , because you can easily proceed from any flag to the one that is the most far away . 
  then there 's extremely simple problems like lack of voip which is essential to teamwork . 
  i do not want to add a random person to my battlelog profile and chat from there . 
  now i could keep flaming how many problems bf3 has , but [ this is what i am trying to say ] ( http://www.mordorhq.com/showthread.php?3880-the-true-story-of-battlefield-3-the-battlefield-franchise-its-community-amp-ea-dice ), 
   bad company 2 . 
  saying bad company 2 is a better game than bf3 should be a criminal offense , punishable by death . 
  well fuck you too then . 
   bf3 's maps design is , by far the best in the series in terms of variety . 
  so why does then almost every vanilla map have something that can destroy the fun ? 
   the maps in bfbc2 are designed with rush in mind, 
  that 's what i said . 
  rush is extremely well polished in this game . 
  bf3 maps however , are mainly odd mixtures . 
  conquest is much worse than in older battlefields . 
  and in most of the maps the rush is op for defenders , because of bad map design . 
   battlefield 3 's destruction is more or less the same as bfbc2 's, 
  [ there is no chance that you can blow the terrain up like this in bf3 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnso94cegio ), 
   the maps and playercount in bfbc2 are small, 
  32 players might be `` small '' , but it is a big number when compared to other shooters . 
  bc2 maps we 're designed for 32 players , and they were all very balanced ( expect some expections ) . 
  in bf3 however , the game is purely held back by consoles . 
  devs tried to design maps for 24 , 32 and 64 players at the same time , all game modes on the same map too . 
  and they failed . 
  the normal conquest 32 conquest becomes 64 conquest when one or two extra flags are added . 
  does it sound logical ? 
  for me it does n't . 
  most of the conquest maps are clearly for 32 players and when it becomes 64 they are just wayyy too small . 
   less weapon attachments, 
  this is one of the features that i loved in bc2 . 
  it really forces you to make decisions do you need more ammo , grenades or do you really need scopes . 
  it is one of those games that promote using iron sights . 
  in bf3 , you have options like `` use the reflex or not to use it '' . 
  also , the support class is pretty much useless . 
  lmgs are made more realistic , using them in normal combat is very hard , and deploying that bipod gets you killed before you can place it . 
  sure , it can help you to hold locations but you 're gon na get headshotted very quickly if you are stationary . 
  also , thanks to the squad perks you will have always extra ammo and you will die before you even die . 
   the melee system is straight-up cowadoody press melee button to lunge 10 meters and instantly win, 
  i agree with this , but saying that it is 10 meters you are overreacting . 
  it 's about 1-2 meters . 
   playing fps on consoles should also be criminal offense , punishable by death, 
   slow , poorly maneuvrable paper mache coffins, 
  if we compare this to bf3 system the bc2 tanks win . 
  basically , bf3 tanks are too powerful . 
  i am not saying that tanks should n't be powerful , but your tank can have extra plating , smoke that makes you immortal to lock-ons , secondary gun at your choice and your tank will still automatically repair . 
  at bc2 you must decide what upgrade i really need : more range , smoke to counter tracer darts , extra damage or extra armor . 
   if you pick bfbc2 over bf3 , you should probably check out the latest version of cod , because it 's really fitting for you . 
  i would rather cut my dick off than buy myself latest cod . 
  you too ? 
  i 'm so happy that i am not alone . 
  this class might be amazing , but geth juggernaut is my favourite . 
  if it has right upgrades you have 2300 health and 4600 shields and all damage taken reduced by 40 % !, 
  that means you have whopping 3680 health and 7360 shields !, 
  also , you have a massive shield that protects you from incoming projectiles . 
  and if that is not enough , you can have shield upgrades , which can make your shields over 15000 !, 
  geth juggernaut makes the gold way too easy . 
  i think i should try platinum with it . 
  if you were playing on pc i would suggest you to play red orchesta 2 : heroes of stalingrad . 
  it is extremely hardcore game . 
  if you get shot , you are dead . 
  each team can have limited amount of players . 
  most of the players get the bolt-action rifle with iron sights . 
  and all damage is reduced by 40 %, 
  i did a suicide when i played battlefield 3 . 
  [  :3 ] ( http://d1vr6n66ssr06c.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/killzone-shadow-fall-3.jpg ), 
  that list is wrong . 
  he has 7770 or 7750 , not 7850 . 
  also , the case is a custom thermaltake v4 ( i have the same case , stock one though . ), 
  you woodman guys should merge with miller . 
  miller needs just slightly more players to fight on other places on indar and amerish needs some players . 
  esamir is atm just fine . 
  does your connection issues happen all the time ? 
  i have been playing 30 mins without lagging . 
  it seems the problems come from servers . 
  play some bronze , and after you feel comfortable with it move to silver . 
  always unlock premium spectre packs . 
  after you unlock cerberus harrier go and play gold . 
  after you unlock geth juggernaut go play platinum . 
  yes , you can import you character from me1 to me2 . 
  also , you will see him at me2 but if you [ are rude to him at me2 ] ( / spoiler `` me2 '' ) he will not appear in me2 . 
  mass effect . 
  i ca n't recommend that series enough . 
  in my opinion mass effect games are # 1 games from 21st century , maybe even best games ever !, 
  it is a must-buy for everyone who play video games for story . 
  the main point of the game is not in the combat itself , though the combat is excellent in mass effect 2 and 3 . 
  i have to disagree with this . 
  it would make attacking bases way too easy ( it is easy right now anyway ) and light assault role would become much more useless . 
  why should i go over that wall with la when i can go over it with ha too ? 
  * bullfrog transport open for business !, 
  nc maxes = horrifying, 
  tr maxes = depends on the situation, 
  vs maxes = hilarious, 
  maybe because we have huge fights on esamir and it is always tr vs nc ? 
  not always though , it is not unusual that vs is warpgated . 
  poor reaver got finally his revenge , 
  this is awesome news !, 
  i do not have to figure out annoying stuff like what 's the recoil pattern of gun x , what is the effective range of gun y or how good the slugs are . 
  huh . 
  this is a tough job , but here is my opinion :, 
  borderlands : in this shooter game you complete missions while you search better equipment all the time fps which is best when played in co-op . 
  you might become very addicted when you search new weapons all the time .
