  `` battlelog 2.0 , go premium , single-player '', 
  i just prefer normal launcher . 
  while it is well executed i just dont like the idea . . 
  unfortunately we ca n't jump . . remember that vehicle which jump over pretty much everything ? 
  tr has the vulcan with the harasser . . nuff said . 
  yup . 
  am i the only one who finds that using striker is enjoyable ? 
   as an individual weapon the striker is so much `` meh ... '', 
  i must disagree . 
  i somehow found really when enjoying using striker alone . 
  first you pew pew those 5 shots , then you get those hitmarkers and then you enjoy your 800 + xp . 
  i usually aim at those targets which have already taken some damage . 
  there is one con of the skep though . . skep does 1500 damage per missile and striker does 500 per missiles = 2500 damage . 
  also i am not a huge fan of dumb-fire and my ha playstyle does not require dumb-fire . 
  also , if enemy drops smoke/flares then you will usually lose only 1 or 2 rockets from your mag while you lose the whole rocket with the stock lock-ons . 
  and if i need dumb-fire mode then i 'll just grab the stock launcher . 
  * your ' e, 
  if you could melee with that thing then i would switch to nc . 
  i 'm in !, 
  last playtest was enjoyable to say the least . 
  it is the best tr lmg out there imo . 
  when upgraded it is very accurate , does the biggest punch out of the tr lmgs ( 167-143 ) . 
  it sucks for close quarters but for longer ranges it 's pretty much gauss saw . 
  this gun is not all-around gun . 
  if your enemies are closer than 10 meters then you might have trouble killing them . 
  but on longer ranges this gun is the best tr lmg . 
  t2 striker is a very nice launcher . 
  each rocket does 500 damage = 2500 damage per mag . 
  annihilator does 1100 , stock lock-ons 1500 , decimator 2000 and stock launcher 1700 . 
  you do not have dumb-fire though . 
  if you prefer long-range outdoors combat then i highly recommend getting both guns . 
  if not , then you should think about something else . 
  all shotties have their pros and cons . 
  wrel made a pretty good video which one you should pick . 
  even though pumpies can 1-shot kill it might not be the best shotgun for you . 
  i personally prefer the haymaker . 
  2500k + hd6950 here , i have actually noticed performance increasing after every patch ( after gu4 or something ), 
  imo nc helmet looks pretty good for infiltrator . 
  tr and vs. . not so much . 
  plus the vs helmet is the first helmet that will expose infiltrators face . 
  2500k is definitely bottlenecking my system in this game . 
  6950 would have no problems running this game on ultra . 
  2500k is struggling ( sub 25fps ) sometimes on high settings on the very largest battles so i have n't even bothered trying out ultra . 
  overclocking would definitely help [ but . . ] ( http://www.asrock.com/mb/overview.asp?model=h61m-s ), 
  well that 's what i was figuring out too . 
  paying 10 dollars is a fair price if you want to become a stormtrooper . 
  plus , many/most of us hoarded some sc during 2x/3x weekends . 
  slugs should also be removed . . they 're just pointless !, 
  trading very tiny splash damage for no splash damage + massive damage boost is just . . yeah . 
  just give us the tiny splash + slug damage . 
  once you pay $ 10 it will be unlocked for * all * classes . 
  i understand your point but still , this is a good deal unless you play with 1-2 classes exclusively . 
  apex helmets cost 750sc each . 
  i think that is unreasonable price . 
   you ca n't kill liara in me2 , sorry . 
  said no man ever . 
  hl3 confirmed guyz !!!!!, 
  my dad bought me manhunt when i was 10 . 
  pc version does not have in-game voice chat which is one of the greatest mistakes dice has done because this game , well atleast used to be all about teamwork . 
  so you should n't be worried about mic spammers . 
  the text chat however reminds me about cod though . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qmcevpv9n4 ), 
  clearly you have n't tried out ps3 private chat . . 
  i never build spy steal rate reducing buildings . 
  they just take too many hammers . 
  sometimes i build them randomly to capital if i have loads of hammers . 
  ai rarely steals from non-capital cities . 
  if you did this with f18 i would be impressed . 
  minecraft sounds like a good game for you . 
  basically you create anything you want to do . 
  once you learn to build your house you start to learn new things such as farming , crafting and learning to design more complex things it is amazing . 
  you can actually finish the game but the ending sucks and and completely irrelevant . 
  even after that you can play the game . 
  after 100 + hours i felt like this game is getting repetitive but it was definitely worth my 15 bucks . 
  the game does not have auto-save however but you can create your own private online server and play in it by yourself or you can install some mods so you can auto-save . 
  no i would n't . 
  imo the me comics were lame even though they explained a lot about the lore . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.theunrealtimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/kim-jong.jpg ), 
  actually , even the nanoweave 3 protects you from ohko headshots, 
  i believe the range protection 75-125 meters depending on what nanoweave level you have and how much damage does the sniper rifle do . 
  imo 35 % is too much . 
  what about 25 ? 
  the downside of the attachment should be that if you choose this attachment you will not gain benefits of that attachment . 
  soe , this is just a dumb idea . 
  i understand if it was like 25 % slower but this . . 
  i do n't know . 
  even if you would do 1105 you must land a very good meatshot if you want to ohk . 
  and i think this suit slot should cost as same as the jetpack - last level 500 certs , total certs roughly 700 . 
  and , like the other suit slots , this should be a class-wide unlock . 
  i am just fed up with modern era . 
  also , mod tools . 
  i doubt there will be mec because in bf2 they were the guys with russian equipment, 
  if the ai does n't like you then he will not accept fair deals, 
  william always settles on other continents . . 
  always . 
  i chose the faction that i would choose irl . 
  i chose tr because it is the least evil . 
  yes , tr has done some bad shit but they had to put martial law because the other faction started to rebel during a crisis ( worm hole closed ) . 
  nc is fighting for `` freedom '' but after they would win it would turn into corporate slavery . 
  vs is trying evolve humans into something greater but after playing mass effect i know what happens when you play with things you ca n't comprehend .
