  the voiced call-outs are there and they 're excellent , especially when compared to dirt 3 . 
  the map reader does n't sound like a robot , his call-outs are accurate and give valuable details , such as `` hair pin left around a tree '' or `` right one do n't cut logs ahead '' . 
  why you are n't getting them is prob . 
  due to bugs . 
  it 'll get fixed eventually , do n't worry . 
  absolutely !, 
  played this on my ps3 controller and it 's working all well . 
  there 's even built-in support for the 360 controller , so the developers intended this game being playable with it . 
  yeah , might not end up liking it . 
  riding a rally car is hard , i mean like * really hard . 
  * even the sligthest mistake may cause you to lose control . 
  but that is the beauty of the genre , you need to learn how to tame your car and put it into good use on tough conditions . 
  i once sent a super hornet to kill a tunguska . 
  i was wondering why the bastard went for a gun run instead of using ~ ~ it 's ~ ~ its amazing 5600m sead missiles . 
  stupid me . 
  edit : how to grammar ? 
  exactly . 
  i think that the grunts deserve some iron bombs to their face . 
  perhaps from a su-24m ? 
  if you escort it with a sead , ir aa should n't get either of them . 
  it 's just nice to see them +20 's pop in the forest . . 
  you should definitely get it !, 
  the game could use a bit of extra maps . . otherwise it is relatively excellent all-around . 
  the reason why ea sucks is that a vast quantity of games are made by inexperienced devs who desire a quick buck . 
  codemasters clearly is n't one of them . 
  well , it 's a railgun , and railguns do exist in real life ( not on this scale though , at least not yet ) , so i do n't see it being too ridiculous . 
  as a finn , i can agree on tb 's verdict . 
  at least you have some time to prepare your anus . 
  [ yes , parades are done in finland during the independence day ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k6_duzyuzo ), 
  no , this is not the case . 
  i just checked from the replays and in both cases i had them right from the beginning . 
  it 's a tad odd that the bug occured in consecutive games , do n't you think ? 
  and perhaps the fact that both were 10vs10 's had some influence on the bug ? 
  haha , me too ^ ^ it 's my only vr experience so far with the shitty dk1 . 
  [ nope , bf2 does have ads . 
  my theory for the deltas is that they 're skilled elite troopers , but they were simple too thrilled about their fancy smg 's so that they forgot to take the rpg and the saw with them , so they just grabbed vietnam war leftovers from the chinook . 
  it 's rather subjective which game is the best overall . 
  certain games fit certain roles . 
  wan na play some casual shooters ? 
  bf4 and team fortress 2 are your best bets . 
  competitive shooters ? 
  cs : go is a solid choice . 
  tactical shooters ? 
  arma series , project reality . . maybe insurgency if you want something slightly more accessible . 
  it 's really hard to determine objectively which shooter is the best , so you should figure it with subjective values . 
  if cs : go is your favourite then that 's fine ; the game is great . 
  to put it bluntly , it sounds like you do n't know how to play cs . 
  at all . 
  like seriously , you are wrong about so many points that i do not even know where to begin . 
  no , awp is not a godlike cannon like you 're describing . 
  good players can instantly kill awpers with an ak-47 headshot . 
  no , bf4 does n't require more skill than cs : go : you could practice cs : go game for hundreds , if not thousands of hours and the pros ( and worse players than them , probably ) would still eat you for breakfast . 
  handling bullet drop and suppression is trivial . 
  can you land your crosshair to the enemy 's head after coming around the corner in a fraction of a second , and shooting at a correct moment ? 
  well that 's it then , you suck . 
  and no , the game is not about holding shift ; if you come around a corner while holding shift then the enemy will easily kill you . 
  and yes , your other information is wrong as well . 
  you ca n't afford awp easily if you lose it . 
  you need at least 6k to buy awp , armor , preferrably pistol . 
  another 1k for a full set of nades . 
  you get $ 3250 for each round won , $ 100 per awp kill . 
  so that 's two rounds , and you need to buy weapons to your dead teammates as well . 
  and if the enemy is winning and you are running out of money . . you do n't buy guns . 
  you only buy crappy pistols one round , most likely lose the upcoming round and then buy full set next round . 
  now you can afford an awp against enemy awp , congrats . 
  well you are sort of right , awp is a point and click . . done in deci , if not in milliseconds . 
  if you want to improve in cs : go i highly recommend pro matches ; this should give you plenty of ideas on how to improve your own game , and it sort of got me all the away up to eagle . 
  scandi moto has plenty of weaknesses ; no autocannons on their ifv 's , limited at ( rbs-56 , fennec tow , some tow vehicles , f16 mlu ) and non-radar aa capabilities ( no eots hawk , stinger c. . just a bunch of rbs-90 's and rancid spaags , also no otomatic ) , and the best tank costs only 70 points . 
  no remarkable recon/vehicle units ; just look at what usa/china has to offer . . scandi only has like the panserbil lol . 
  scandi moto is great for spitting out amazing infantry in great transport like pasi xa-180no 's , ( wheeled , 10 pt , 3front/3side , prob . 
  the best transport in the game ) , but you need a teammate to supplement your weaknesses . 
  tl ; dr ** glorious finnish engineering ** ^ ^ with ^ ^ minor ^ ^ norwegian ^ ^ upgrades, 
  jolly good !, 
  yes , i do . . oldie hd6950 but it 's dx11 . 
  the game was working fine earlier but then the patch broke it for me :(, 
  well , i 've reinstalled the game and it worked !, 
   now let 's just hope that the problem wo n't occur ever again . . 
  well that 's because . . erhm . . uhm . . 
  ye , the site itself is legit . 
  bear in mind though that some of the keys in such sites are . . stolen , and will be revoked if that 's the case . 
  chances for this are pretty slim though , so you should n't trouble yourself about it . 
  so your hypothesis is that a good childhood correlates directly with wealth ? 
  lol , no , that is not true at all . 
  unless you live in extreme poverty ( like pasha does n't with his tens of thousands of donation/tournament dollars plus his car/house etc. 
  ) , a good childhood comes from the devotment of your parents , not money . 
  caring and loving family is what a child needs for happiness , not just a bunch of toys . 
  have you ever heard about spoiled children ? 
  some of them learn not to respect * anything * , even their parents . 
  well i do admit that when in the future pasha steps down in the pro scene he steps for good , and probably ends up doing some mediocre job which will fulfill his family 's needs . 
  but he 's currently living his dream and it 's for his best interests that he gets the most out of it - he has no chance to get some proper graduates , and probably does n't even have any interests on doing so . 
  and since tuition fees for locals are free in poland , it 's safe to say that he 'll be able to do whatever he wants to do . 
  fix the error 41 !, 
  please , this is so urgent . . 
  i ca n't play the game due to the error : / the only thing i can do is to reinstall the game and it works for like one day . . 
  that 40 % 14ap heat rocket on lie ren aint gon na kill stuff though . . it can one-hit kill only up to 1 armor , two-shot kill up to 5 armor , three-shot kill up to eleven armor . . 
  i think that you get the idea . 
  the recon optics are very good though , so if you can avoid heavy stuff then it 's a good combo . 
  [ here you go mate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_world_rally_championship_drivers%27_champions ), 
  the list is quite impressive , to say the list . 
  those two damn baguettes though . . french winning 12 consecutive championships , and ogier is continueing loeb 's legacy ?
