  this might be the last time i give gas to smedleys ferrari . 
  ( atleast i heard the tb 's entrance ), 
  `` gentlemen , what did go wrong ? '', 
  `` we believe that we have 100 vanu spies sitting in our warpgate , taking our places . 
  we will have soon them executed '' - tb, 
  i want 1000 free sc because i suffered so much . 
  i have no idea , actually . 
  she reminds me about diana allers from me3 . . just completely useless . 
  it was n't fun to watch when i woke up at 1:30 am to watch this stream , and then the stream actually `` works '' after 3am . . even after that there was a lot of lag and huge problems with audio . 
  they did reset on connery . . 
  normal account , since i was a beta tester . 
  you do n't tell me what to do . 
   prowlers are only performing very , very slightly below magriders in general right now, 
  no , this just prooves that magriders can get to positions where they are hard to get hit and they can easily dodge dumb-fire missiles . 
  also they can easily fire death from that position . 
  prowlers and vanguards ca n't do this . 
  a tank with caterpillars can have a tough job to dodge dumb-fire rockets , but with that terrain it 's almost impossible . 
  for mags , this is not even a challenge . 
  they can easily just pick off targets and with some aa covering them only way to take them out is either massive air spam or lock-on rockets . 
  and i assume you can counter that with smoke . . 
  and with all these bonuses mag also gets the saron hbp . 
  nuff ' said . 
  now i just need 3960x at 5ghz and . . gtx690 sli . 
  epic win !, 
  . . aand denied . 
  that . . is not bad idea actually, 
  ahh . . the mighty ol' tick tank . 
  nope , that is 95 % of the time , atleast here on miller . 
  if the `` only defenders can use launch pads '' thing is enabled , i can see this become reality . 
  so umm . . 
  i live in finland and i am 3rd world anarchist ? 
  nah , you dirty rebels do n't deserve the citadel . 
  [ omega ] ( http://www.onlysp.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/mass-effect-3-dlc-omega1.jpg ) would be just fine for you . 
  run forrest , run !, 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzku-8ddm1k&amp;t=5m7s ) here, 
  valve in a nutshell, 
  please , let me just spend my 1000 certs to that smg !, 
  start playing mp and try to finish platinum on solo . 
  that should be enough challenging for anybody . 
  i do . 
  maybe not tf2 , but battlefield series has done more than halo . 
  i personally recommend getting hitman 2 and blood money . 
  and if possible , get contracts for somewhere else . 
  codename 47 is extremely clumsy game , and is not worth playing . 
  contracts is kinda like c47 re-make . 
  some mission were even exactly the same , only done better . 
  do n't bother absolution , maybe go and pirate it , and then decide is it worth buying . 
  that would n't be even a challenge for the oprider, 
  soe has made some big marketing campaigns at asia , such as [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay9b28nszr0 ) . 
  so what 's the point of having only one asia server , that is actually on oseania ? 
  i really feel bad for this guy , even though he 's a dirty cheater : /, 
  his insults are good , but his laugh is better . 
  i like emperor , prob . 
  because it does n't have any ammo penalty , and my infiltrator usually runs out of ammo . 
  the sound bug is annoying though . 
  cons of the emperor is that hip fire is terrible and it 's not so accurate even with aiming down sights . 
  shepard . 
  suppressor makes the gun sound almost dead and kills the muzzle flash , so you are going to have an advantage on cqc . 
  however , it does reduce your bullet velocity , reduces gun damage from range and maybe does add more bullet drop . . so i do not recommend it . 
  flash suppressor however , makes the gun slightly more inaccurate and kills the muzzle flash . 
  the lack of muzzle flash does n't help you much imo , in the night fights it might help however . 
  i am not sure do i recommend it . 
  this movie was made on 1940 , so i assume it was propaganda against nazies . 
  me too . 
  edit : it 's gone, 
  he is . 
  i have n't seen it once . 
  i do n't think they will give/allow the mod tools , me3 and bf3 did n't get them . . 
  that monster . 
  i do n't think this game is meant to be watched as a movie . 
  girafferator . 
  that thing was my first experience with gaming . . 
  i remember the day when i dropped it to the sea . 
  it was a sad day :(, 
  yes , but he faked the rage . 
  only the strong will survive this . 
  we were on a holiday at turkey , visiting some islands . 
  i was sitting on an edge of a boat , and i just . . yeah . 
  have you played the multiplayer ? 
  if so , play it some rounds , then you will get your ems multiplier higher and get it to 3100 . 
  you can also do the dumb side-quests where you scan planets and then bring those artifacts back to the people who wanted them . 
  who the hell is a beach ? 
  just click the `` second image '', 
  that is called `` supporting the developers '', 
  yeah but it 's quite slow , 1 % per day if i remember correct . 
  only if they were available for infiltrators . . 
   show a brony some love, 
  [ meanwhile at soe ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzboyfavlm4&amp;t=1m21s ), 
  not enough editing , i can still see what 's going on . 
  if this was ea those problems would be fixed 2 months later . . 
  just try to avoid them , lure them away from the missiles , and then when time is right , just run to the missiles and fire away . 
  and ps . 
  prepare yourself for a bad ending . 
  pfft , tr weapon sound effects are the best now . 
  tmg-50 sounds like , and acts like m60 . 
  also , tx2 emperor is like m1911 with a huge clip . 
   soe is working on planetside 2 for playstation 4, 
  source ? 
  here on miller esamir is usually as popular as the indar is ( maybe 100-300 people less sometiems , but the map is smaller too ) . 
  if server merging comes reality , amerish would be a good continent too .
