  i ca n't second this . 
  why so many people like her ? 
  i mean , she is like claptrap in bl1 : very annoying and her humor does n't apply to me . 
  and i could imagine some people saying that she is adorable but . . no . 
  tell me , why do you like this character ? 
  your faith has been noted at [ r/pcmasterrace . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace ) come , and join us brethen !, 
  just get the gold edition . 
  you get all dlc expect the latest one , brave new world . 
  also , it is $ 20 cheaper . 
  pepsi max and chips with some barbeque dip, 
  i have only played red faction 2 and i must say that i love that game . 
  i have seen many complaining how much worse rf2 was when compared to rf1 , but i liked it a lot . 
  so here 's my advice : get them both and then do your own conclusions . 
  i think it would require some new voice acting , since germans talk all the time about damn bolsheviks while muricans curse those damn japs . 
  it 's the same game as warz . 
  the developers who also made infamous big rigs , do not deserve any money at all . 
  production values are absolutely horrible , shit quality with shit mechanics , the game randomly bans people and those who demand refunds have gotten threats of blacklisting . 
  also , the game has been falsely advertised , some of the artwork has been copied from walking dead , there are micro-transactions which makes the game so p2w . . 
  i have heard that the game has been improved in some cases but still , do n't get this game . 
  want a proof ? 
  [ here , you 'll have it . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtkam3nzg6i ), 
  i ca n't figure out any other game suited better for lan parties . 
  it 's . . it 's perfect !, 
  also , it runs on a toaster so you do n't have to worry about performance . 
  do n't worry my brethen , i too share your pain too with my 20 '' fujitsu screen ( 1600x900 ) . 
  what happens when your screen gets broken and you are flatbroke ? 
  buy the cheapest pos you can get !, 
  expect this is purely pvp and battles are much more intense ( if you ask from me ), 
  i see what you did there, 
  what 's common between banana and ps4 ? 
  both of them are suitable for monkeys . 
  you do n't know [ this ps2 ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb90fblfpba ), 
  one day my child , one day !, 
  and since mainstream shooters are heavily recycling modern day theme , i 'd say battlefield might return to futuristic theme , which has become more popular setting . 
  titanfall , battlefront 3 . . why not 2143 ? 
  first : do you know how different pc parts work ? 
  if you do n't , then do some research by yourself first . 
  also , figure out what 's latest in the pc market . 
  after that ask help from [ r/buildapc . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc ) i 'm sure that those guys are willing to help you !, 
  i would help you but since i am not sure about ` murican pricing , i really ca n't help you . 
  . . why did you get downvoted ? 
  multithreading coming soon ^ ^ ^ tm, 
  oh my god . . this is so infuriating . 
  and this is why you should n't play on consoles , especially make gameplay videos !, 
  there are thousands of 12-years old `` le epik master trols '' who spread information about other people without caring other consequences !, 
  congrats , those brats just fucked up this mans dreams , just for le epik trols xd . 
  sure , wanking is n't very polite but it 's a natural habit . 
  lesson learned : do not play on consoles . 
  little brats can ruin your life . 
  here on pc we do not ruin other people lives . 
  [ we only try to make dreams come true . 
  ] ( http://www.mstarz.com/articles/16875/20130724/the-saga-of-charles-z-how-one-creepy-old-mans-desire-to-meet-taylor-swift-shut-down-clear-channel.htm ), 
  wrong !, 
  even though peasants ruined his life , he is a peasant too . 
  and we will not help peasants !, 
  i should n't say this after an event like this but he got what he deserved . 
  why ? 
  because he is a peasant !, 
  he made content for peasants and they backstabbed him !, 
  ( not big surprise ) . 
  now he must pull his shit together and figure something out . 
  maybe move abroad and get a flight job from somewhere else ? 
  i do n't know . 
  we could spare few hundred dollars so he could buy a gaming pc . 
  but money for his dept caused by peasantry ? 
  oh , it is not circlejerkin ' time ? 
  then you are correct . 
  he did n't deserve this . 
  but i 'd say it 's not over yet . 
  he could continue his studies abroad or civil training or something . . 
  i do n't know . 
  he has come so close to his dreams that i wish he just would n't `` quit '' and do something else . 
  is it ? 
  then i 'd highly recommend visiting [ r/planetside . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside ) if you have n't . 
  developers visit it almost daily and they show their plans , listen our feedback and share their own opinions , or just simply join the circlejerk . 
  also , people there are great !, 
  this is something that could happen : i am asking to make outdated engine open source , not frostbite 3 . 
  modding tools already exist on this engine and it has already made fruit . 
  and if we get a negative response , at least we got their attention . 
  but that does n't happen if you just decide to circlejerk and laugh . 
  i am asking help from people who actually care about modding . 
  i too just figured about this , just because of that video . 
  and i decided to continue and spread the word , to make it bigger and caught dice attention . 
  if you do n't bother signing it , then fine . 
  but do n't tell me that it is impossible to achieve realistic goals . 
  well it is growing all the time . 
  about 90 minutes ago there were 200 signatures and currently there is 335 . 
  so mine ( and others ) advertising has been effective . 
  if there were 50k signatures would you say that it will never happen ? 
  getting the message for dice would n't require 150k signatures or anything , i 'd say 10k or even 5k would be just fine . 
  bf2 modding community is n't big , and because of that big numbers are not required . 
  golden skin for it . 
  last time i checked the aix was dead . 
  but messing with bots is amusing , at least for some time . 
  in that case you should n't definitely get jak & daxter .
