  i 'd put gevaermenn '90 in nm135 for that cheap 10pt autocannon . 
  you do have plenty of wheeled transport so having an autocannon would be nice . 
  tracked rapier fsa not my favourite choice , especially for a big game where you will be facing plenty of planes with high ecm . 
  you should get panserbils over hachi nana shikis imo . 
  both of them would be ideal . 
  also , do n't put both recon cobra and ah-1j to same deck , they fulfill pretty much the same role . 
  remove one and add nana shiki , exceptional optics recon helo or , i dunno , jaegere '75 on wheels ? 
  elite smg+mg 3 is something very brutal . 
  the recon bradley is also an extremely efficient unit as an atgm platform , maybe go with that . 
  why did you remove your 1000kg bombers ? 
  harrier gr7 does n't replace them , it 's an anti-tank plane just like hornet c. remove either of the anti-tank planes and put the 1000kg bomber of your choice to your deck . 
  alright , now this looks like a solid mixture of units !, 
  now go out there and figure what works and what does n't , and tune your deck if something is n't suited for your playstyle . 
  ye in big games the lack of prototypes is kinda bad . 
  but in small games , 1vs1 conquest , namely ranked , it is all about cost-efficient units that are reasonably priced . 
  and oh boy does mixed blufor bring plenty of them to the table . 
  and for that reason they 're my favourite faction right after ussr ( well i do n't like them , they just happen to be overpowered ) . 
  really ? 
  i thought that f2 is better since you get 2x elite . 
  so you want k1 with +1 ap ? 
  you see , this is why us finns are superb drivers . 
  life in here is tough - if you happen to live outside of comfy capital city , roads like these are a part of your everyday life . 
  you ca n't survive if you do n't have the means to deal with minor challenges like this . 
  it 's called the survival of the fittest , and most finns possess the means to drive these routes , and even swiftly if necessary . 
  the weaklings have simply vanished due to evolution , or have sought shelter from the capital and its public transportation . 
  very neat !, 
  been waiting updates on the maps for a while !, 
  any chance for an update on the balance patch ? 
  not wanting to be greedy , but i just simply am . 
  well i am content with that . 
   not using \u00e5\u00e4\u00f6, 
  how casual can one be ? 
  leo 2a5 , leo2a1 , leo 1a5 and keiler . 
  these four tanks are the ones which most people roll with , and for good reasons . 
  leclerc , leo 2a4 , leo 2 and leo 1a4 are also solid options . 
  the first one is your superheavy that can go head-to-head against any tank out there . 
  better than leclerc which is more suited dealing with medium tanks with its superior firerate . 
  using both of them is highly advised as they have slightly different roles , but \u00edf you can pick only one then always go with 2a5 . 
  leo2a1 is one of the most cost-efficient tanks out there . 
  it has excellent ap/armor for its price and comes with very good accuracy/stabilizer . 
  it 's better than some 120pt ussr tanks . 
  1a5 is your other workhorse . 
  for 60 points you get 2275m 16ap and 10 armor , which is quite rare for that price . 
  the 60 % accuracy is also amazing for it . 
  then there 's keiler , which comes with an autocannon . 
  this particular tank is suited to deal with transports and infantry that comes in them . 
  it can chew soft targets like bubblegum , and it can also deal with other tanks decently . 
  ye upvote everything expect leo 2a5 ( and maybe leclerc . ), 
  the quantity of units is nothing compared to accuracy bonuses which you will get , unless you use a superheavy that gets only a single unit instead of two . 
  or just shit plays from the opponent ? 
  stacking is fine when you need to spawn stacks of cheap units quickly . 
  just make sure that you split them with ctrl + c ( unless you are using infantry , a stack of 3 j\u00e4gers is pretty good ) . 
  using cheaper aa pieces in pairs is also pretty good - only a single piece has little to no chance taking 'em planes down . 
  microing radar also becomes slightly easier with this method . 
  bear in mind that ( pun intended ) the bear vs dragon-campaign is the hardest in the game . 
  sure , your first battles are easy peasy , but as the campaign progresses you absolutely need to know how the game functions , how the ai acts , how ke mechanics work . . and how to abuse all of these with smoke . 
  otherwise you have no chance to deal with 110pt t-80a 's and other goodies with your piss-poor anti-tank weapons . 
  so you should just learn basic controls in the first/third campaign , and then just hop in mp . 
  the campaign really wo n't teach you how to play vs. real players , it only prepares you against trivial spam . 
  aside from 5pt trucks that come with cv/shitty sf , denmark has zero wheeled transports . 
  then there 's germany that has mediocre fuchs and it loses its superb panzergrens , marder 2 and other strengths like very cost-efficient leo 2a1 . 
  no good fast aa to cover them either , and their recon tab is just too bad to justify moto . 
  my point is still valid if you go omni . 
  the fanciest toys in landjut arsenal are tracked while most of the wheeled stuff is very lacking and mediocre , making the coalition the slowest in the game . 
  that and landjut is one of the worst coalitions in the game . 
  west germany is one of the best blufor countries in the game , but denmark has barely anything worthwhile to add to the game - their units are mostly very similar to their w.german brethen , only worse . 
  otomatic/eots hawk and some planes are the ones that add something worthwhile to w.germany . . compare that to eurocorps in which france fulfills w.german weaknesses nearly perfectly . 
  five or six games is nothing . 
  go out and play some more . . yes , your ass will be handed to you but that 's part of the learning experience . 
  other ways to learn is to play against other noobs - play in servers with level caps . 
  watching good youtubers play like priyad or firestarter play also can make you figure on how to play . 
  read , read , read !, 
  read the unit statistics in the armory , read the hidden spreadsheet . 
  you really need to know how the game functions in order to play it properly . 
  you really do n't have time to watch unit statistics in-game , you just need to know instantly whether your unit has an advantage or not . 
  you can also watch your replays and see what you did right and what you did wrong . 
  of course , you need to have some sort of understanding of the game beforehand so you can actually understand what you did right and what you did wrong . 
  i love these changes , glad they have been listening feedback . 
  but . . 
  like holy bollocks the extra 10pt increase wo n't change its heat cannon and its devastating ability to eat superheavies for breakfast . 
  indeed !, 
  if you do n't lock him in he will use pipes and escape from infirmary . 
  expect ussr is being nerfed as well : 1 burrito/smerch per card ( and +1 ap for smerch ) , two cards of btr-90 , price increase for mig-27 ( should 've been heat removal imo ) and veterancy nerf for pd . 
  i 'd love to have 70 's cold war battlefield with m113 's . . and mt-lb 's or btr-50 's . 
  that 's an issue with amd cars in generals afaik . 
  had the same problem with hd6950 , no issues with gtx 970 . 
  it 's more of a giving the same treatment for redfor superunits as they were given for blufor units earlier . 
  smerch and buratino get reduced to one per card as they did with atacms . 
  same thing goes with b-5 and f-111c ( expect b-5 is available for the best coalition while f-111c is for the worst ) . 
  btr-90 nerf is justifiable too - the vehicle simply made all other wheeled ifv 's ( and tracked to some extent ) obsolete as you got 3 cards of these beasts . 
  blufor did get some nerfs , too . 
  the pansbill bugfix certainly hurts scandinavia/mixed blufor , while both blufor and redfor planes got nerfs . 
  no heat removal for mig-27 though , so it will eat superheavies for breakfast even with the price increase . 
  so what exactly would you nerf with blufor ? 
  currently the meta is ussr/sovkor as they have no/insignificant weaknesses . 
  sure , you can argue that patriot/longbow require some nerfing but since the bread-and-butter of us is very mediocre then i do n't think taking their best tools away would be the best thing to do . 
  he does have a point , though . 
  it 's not bradley that is overpriced , it 's other atgm platforms that are . 
  i mean really , 70 points with tow-2 's and paper armor is just a bloody joke , and due to that nobody uses the atgm platforms . 
  that and the map design favours tanks with ke weaponry .
