  it 's so cost-efficient !, 
  needed one gunship for gunshippin ' , ah-1t with a tow 2 does the job . 
  i 'm not so sure about my air tab , but i did n't want anything too expensive so i went with these . 
  also ; f-111c is love , f-111c is life . 
  anyone who disagrees deserves a punch to the penis . 
  [ ilmeeni kun c-paperit ] ( http://new2.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/5484191+_c0349fb305ce760089a4c76838caf25e.jpg ), 
  fair enough , i 've made some changes to my decks . 
  and here 's where i disagree with you :, 
  no changes to logi tab . 
  i should have mentioned this being designed mainly for conquest , sorry . 
  i did n't intend this deck being an air opening deck but i suppose that would work with sas . 
  celtics being an escort with that 4hp . . 
  i suppose it could work but i feel like i 'd be in disadvantage . 
  well , i 'll give it a try anyway . 
  i know that rolands fall a bit short in terms of range , but i like having extra ammo rather than extra range . 
  i have n't had too much luck with the 2-man squads , so i 'm not going to include them in this deck . 
  i do like my flame tanks so i 'm not going to remove zippo . 
  added cev though . 
  i do n't think that apache is that much better for extra 40 point . 
  not going to change . 
  thanks for your help . 
  til . 
  tf2 has been hovering at around 60k for years now . 
  calling it a dying game would simply be unfair . 
  perhaps calling it `` stagnating '' would be a bit more fitting . 
  here 's my two cents , i recommend that you take them with a grain of salt :, 
  you need some sapeurs in your deck for some ai capabilities . 
  you could either remove chasseurs ( which are n't that good tbh ) or mistral . 
  you decide . 
  if you decide to remove mistrals , add some mistral trucks to your support tab . 
  they are pretty nice . 
  if not , then add the m270 lrm . 
  11he rockets are not a joke , very good at halting a push or stunning a stronghold . 
  having both amx-40 and amx-32 in the tank does n't seem very productive - they both fulfill the same job , only the other is slightly worse . 
  remove one , and maybe add amx-10 rc sb . 
  you want mobility ? 
  well , there 's a wheeled tank for you . 
  perhaps a second card of commandos para with wheels ? 
  i always have one wheeled recon inf in my decks . 
  these would also be a replacement for the removed chasseurs . 
  god , remove that vab mephisto . 
  40 % accuracy \u00edsn ' t going to get you anywhere . 
  also , shit damage for that price . 
  you 'd better rely on your milan f3 's as the primary ground atgm . 
  remove either tiger hap or celtics . 
  you do n't need 2 cards of aa heli . 
  i find hap 's better since they have 6hp instead of 4 ( they can take 2 hits against other aa helis ) . 
  if you remove celtic then maybe remove had and add gazelle hot 2 ? 
  i do n't think that you would need 2 separate gunships . 
  cassiopees are also good , only 40 points for a nice autocannon - great at harassing behind enemy lines in smaller games !, 
  iirc frankie is a lawyer . 
  so yeah , it is possible that this is nothing a but a hobby for him . 
  on the other hand tho . . he knows that launders did nothing wrong here . 
  i 'd love to see ouninpohja in its full scale when/if they create rally finland . 
  yes , that 's 33 kilometers for a single track . 
  people are twisting religion for political motives . 
  surely that 's not possible , right ? 
  i mean , reddit taught me that islam is the spawn of all evil in this world . . 
  alright , here 's my two cents on the issue . 
  i am not a muslim . 
  i do n't agree with their views . 
  i do acknowledge that there are major issues with the religion itself , like the death penalty with apostasy , which is also enforced in many islamic countries . 
  but here 's the thing . . every time a ludicrous thread like this pop up , there are * always * people who claim that this is the problem with the religion itself . 
  and the comments more often than not have a decent amount of upvotes , and they 're a tad too often the top comment as well . 
  i just find it obnoxious that there are people who genuinely believe that there are 1,6 billion bloodthirsty savages who support burning `` infidels '' in cages and beheading them . 
  the infidels that they slay nearly always happen to be muslims as well , and islam would n't tolerate killing innocent people even if they were non-believers anyway . 
  so yes , i do believe that there are issues with islam . 
  i just do n't think that isis represents the religion itself in any way , even though a vast amount of people believe in that . 
  as far as i am concerned the vast majority of muslims are disgusted by isis 's actions , and i would be furious too if i were the one to be blamed . 
  and it 's not like isis is the first group to interpret a religion wrongfully to justify their horrifying actions . 
  even though crusades and the violence it brought was against the rules of christianity , the christians went and did do their conquests anyway . 
   you may not make threads about unreleased games . 
  only ones that are available to play commercially . 
  finland pretty much has everything that they would ever need . 
  it 's literally one of the mightiest armed forces in the europe . 
  these scandinavian countries represented in the game have nothing on finland in real life . 
  transports all the way from amazing cv9030 's to piss-poor mt-lbv , also the glorious xa-180 . 
  tanks include the shite t55 's , t72m 's and suitable leo 2a4 's . 
  nasams , buk , crotale , t-55 marksman 's have the airspace covered . 
  that and towed zsu-23-2 too . 
  and if that 's not enough then you can always call in the hornet 's , models c and d respectively . 
  we also have amos , m270 mlrs , rm-70 on top of all that great, 
  towed stuff that would n't be included in the game . 
  also , plenty of at weaponry like apilas and bgm-71 tow . 
  there 's also the glorious nlaw but that wo n't fit the timeline unfortunately . 
  infantry ranging all the way from elite paratroopers to hardened jaegers . 
  oh and reserves of course ! . 
  [ lots of it . 
  well , the armed forces seems to have only 10000 personnel , which is a bit shoddy , could be worse tho . 
  but here 's the catch - their main battle tank is state-of-the-art m4 sherman and the pride of their air force [ is this . . 
  thing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/embraer_emb_312_tucano ), 
  so yeah , even the pre-dlc3 denmark would annex the country without breaking a sweat . 
  its role is the issue here - they do n't have any proper aircraft , only dirt cheap counter-insurgency planes and some silly cessnas . 
  i can only assume that their military doctrine against conventional forces is guerrilla warfare , and that 's why they do n't invest in proper equipment . 
  that and the lack of dough , too . 
  but of course !, 
  no army would be complete without possessing obsolete junk . 
  not sure what has been scrapped/sold to 3rd world countries and what not , but without a doubt most of it , that 's for sure . 
  no major news about it here in finland , only minor speculations when the rumor started spreading around .
