  if it was actually real then it would be all over the front pages . 
  the foreign ministry could n't confirm the story either when the rumor popped a couple days ago . 
  at this point it is pretty safe to say that this rumor has been refuted . 
  sure , terrible things are done in nk on a daily basis , but this piece of `` news '' is without a doubt horseshit . 
  agreed . 
  there is more than enough legit evidence on nk 's atrocities to get the point through , so i ca n't comprehend the need to post pure propaganda as well . 
  but people suck it up too , which is shameful . 
  well , let 's just say that controlling narcotics 100 % is pretty much impossible . 
  i suppose that 's a design choice because , well , in real life it 's pretty much impossible as well ( unless you are in a supermax prison where you get only an hour of past time at best , and that is strictly controlled too ) . 
  narcotics can sneak by when your dogs are going to rest and a new patrol is coming in , or when they are searching a prisoner and some other passes by then . 
  and top of that dogs do n't have a 100 % chance to detect drugs either iirc . 
  there 's also a chance that drugs get thrown over the wall . 
  you have designed your prison poorly then - if your prisoners can get outdoor within 10 tiles of the prison walls , contraband will be thrown and they will snatch them . 
  so , use confidential informants !, 
  what your dogs fail to catch is what your snitches can do . 
  nights are the best time for this since new narcotics wo n't be coming to their cells , and you can remove their tools as well ( they can only dig when they are sleeping ) . 
  however , the more often you use them , the better it is . 
  i would go with the ah-1t . 
  the atgm on the ah-1t is good against heavily armored targets , while the autocannon and the rocket pods work only against infantry and lightly armored targets . 
  the additional rockets pods are indeed an edge against lightly armored targets , but more often than not you need to deal with both tanks and lightly armored targets . 
  you could also go with both 1t and 1j but i do n't recommend that , better spend your points elsewhere . 
  gunships are a bit situational units as they can be easily denied by almost all aa ( unless you are using the longbow , but that 's a different story ) . 
  it 's shit . 
  why ? 
  because it fires 6 rounds per minute , that 's why . 
  unless you are playing canada , you do n't use chimera because there are far better heavy tanks in your tank tab . 
  it also does n't have a stabilizer , which makes it useless when attacking . 
  the context here is ij vs it , so op is more than probably talking about south korea or blue dragons . 
  but anyway , even the seacobra is imo a better option than a ah-1j in a general deck - just do n't expect to score tank kills with it . 
  and if you are playing us , then longbow is obviously your tank killer , and an ah-1s or the recon cobra supplements it rather nicely as an infantry killer . 
  edit : i just realized that ah-1j is also the recon cobra . . stupid me . 
  so let 's start this again : if you are playing with south korea , blue dragons or general deck , use the ah-1t . 
  it is good against both infantry and tanks/vehicles . 
  if you are playing us or norad however , use apache longbow as your tank killer . 
  it has amazing f&f atgm 's that will rip entire tank platoons apart , and most aa systems are not hard counters against it , because the longbow outranges many of them and it can gtfo after firing its missiles . 
  ah-1s or the recon ah-1j are cheap infantry killing platforms , in which the longbow does n't excel very well . 
  using either of them is recommended . 
  updated my blufor conquest general deck . 
  general thoughts :, 
  i desperately needed more cv 's so i had to ditch the tank cv and replaced with a car cv . 
  if the mobility turns out to be an issue then i 'll swap the bus cv to an 110pt variant . 
  infantry tab got some hefty changes . 
  did n't have positive results with gurkhas '90 so i needed something else . 
  i learned the secret of canadian airborne and its magical c2a1 . 
  deals only a tenth less damage than mg3 and 4 times more suppression ? 
  yes please !, 
  i also needed more infantry so i removed mistral and added fsk . 
  it 's a ghetto fsj '90 but it 's still a force to be reckoned with . 
  also , changed chu-mat to rbs 56 . 
  added mistral truck to support tab because i removed the infantry variant . 
  removed one kyu-maru shiki . 
  4 cards of superheavies was simply just too much . 
  leo 1a5 would possibly be a nice unit but i do n't think that i have the points . 
  removed vab rasit , added panserbil and kiowa instead . 
  panserbil has proven its worthiness , and kiowa is a poor man 's longbow . 
  i consider swapping it for another exceptional recon heli . 
  i also swappped pathfinders and jaegere , because they have c2a1 . 
  should be a good synergy with sas . 
  removed cev , added ontos . 
  it 's just superb in forest fights . 
  ontos is a hard counter against btr 90 & spetsnaz teams . 
  i am very impressed . 
  the only thing that causes me nuisance are 0 aim time rocket launchers . 
  ontos eats almost anything else for breakfast . 
  no asf 's in this deck . 
  instead of that i swapped prowler to sea harrier . 
  it has superior sead missiles ( 70 accuracy instead of 60 ) and it comes with a pair of ir missiles as a nice bonus . 
  i tried changing peace pheasant as a cheap atgm platform . 
  i am not impressed on its performance , it just fails to kill its targets even tho it has 4 missiles . 
  maybe i 'll bring the hornet back . 
  [ muistakaa hyv\u00e4t ihmiset ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xumz7dcebc0 ), 
  ye 10vs10 's are abysmal . 
  nearly every time you are either stomping or you are the one being trampled , period . 
  are the stormers really that big of a buff , though ? 
  i mean , according to hidden stats spreadsheet the c2a1 really has a tenth less dps than mg3 but does a four times more suppression . 
  at least on paper it really sounds a good deal - gevaermenn/fsk/seals dishes out the extra damage while c2a1 keeps them stunned . 
  but then again i 'm a sergeant scrub so i do n't know titties . 
  also , canadian airborne do get the carl gustav . 
  2 frontal armor on xa-180 is nice though . 
  50 point howitzers have like 30 second aim time , i do n't like them . 
  you are probably right about the flame tank , i should probably change it to m113 . 
  i totally forgot about the existence of puff . 
  will change that . 
  f-111c has been a mixed bag tbh . 
  maybe i 'll try the f-1 because it is definitely a nice unit . 
  already swapped the mistral trucks with tan sam . 
  and pathfinders are for openers , two squads of sas and a gazelle or maybe two of 'em . 
  i 'll probably revert that and put jaegeres back since they have that great smg and an m2 . 
  where are you getting all of this information ? 
  is he like pm ` ing you ? 
  or did you snatch these pieces of information from the forums ? 
  alright , cool . 
  i guess i have to take your word on it . 
  [ well , i had an interesting game . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kbdavrs.jpg ), 
  should i post the replay ? 
  eastern block got shafted in terms of military equipment . 
  ussr never supplied them with any of the good stuff , mostly just outdated equipment and such . 
  t-64 's were exclusively made for ussr and the t-72 was inferior when compared to that , and east germany never even got tunguskas for example if i recall correctly . 
  i do not think that the legal system and criminal records correlate a lot with each other . 
  it mostly comes down to social security and such - when there is no absolute poverty at all then people have little to no reasons to steal things .
