  one of the greatest mods ever made in my opinion . 
  bf4 had tons of potential . 
  it fixed lots of core issues which bf3 had . 
  bf4 had heavy focus on conquest instead of other gamemodes , while also having proper communication tools and having the commander mode back . 
  however , these things were not implemented as good as its predecessors did while having tons of balance issues ( staff shell , active radar missiles ) and major technical problems ( dae netcode ?!? 
  ) , this game ended up being a disappointment . 
  not that i expected a functional game from dice though . 
  i just saw a ign quote `` trust the hype '' in titanfall trailer . 
  sure , not being able to play on ( almost ) every single day during the primetime is n't a big deal , right ? 
  * yuo 're, 
  tmg-50 does 167 damage . . 
  as much i 'd like to see my trac-5s to look like krylov , editing tr weapon models are pretty low on my priority list . 
  soe should do one thing though : remove that bloody random recoil . 
  i use less and less tr weapons and more and more ns weapons due to this . 
  ps2 is one of the expections on steam , because it has a seperate launcher . 
  and there 's not really a point on having one . 
  ** battlefield 3 . 
  this is coming from a battlefield veteran . 
  it might be an unpopular opinion , but i am still gon na throw it in . 
  i remember back in the day when bad company 2 was launched . 
  everybody , both newcomers and veterans to the series were very impressed by the work of dice : they managed to make an excellent battlefield title designed for * consoles . 
  * many people anticipated that the true sequel for battlefield 2 , which was supposed to be pc-focused military shooter in large maps , was coming sooner or later . 
  it supposed to be exactly opposite what call of duty represented . 
  and we already knew what the name was : battlefield 3 . 
  as the trailers started to roll in february 2011 , i was really excited . 
  but when they started to release more and more information , like consoles are limiting pc with 24 players , no commander mode , no mod tools . . but when i noticed how closely together the flags were in caspian border trailer , that was a moment that i almost started to panic . 
  and the post launch . . oh boy , do n't let me start on that . 
  ea uk got closed because angry veteran players had heavy critizism which was ignored all the time . 
  dlc started pour in , just like it did with call of duty , even though that dice promised not to [ charge for battlefield maps . 
  ] ( http://www.computerandvideogames.com/241306/dice-well-never-charge-for-battlefield-maps/ ) also , they did not release free maps at all , even though this was the case in previous titles . 
  not to mention that pc version did n't even have the bloody voip or commorose ( which was later implemented but quite poorly ) , so there really was n't any effective way to communicate with random people in-game . 
  [ please , read this article . 
  ] ( http://www.mordorhq.com/showthread.php?3880-the-true-story-of-battlefield-3-the-battlefield-franchise-its-community-amp-ea-dice ) it is explaining pretty much everything what i am trying to say . 
  was battlefield 3 financially success ? 
  absolutely . 
  was it a good game ? 
  for most people , yes . 
  but did it make tons of veteran players abandon the series ? 
  the answer is yes . 
  i would n't say that hl3 is ruined by hype . 
  heck , we have n't had any official information about it , it 's just the players eagerly waiting for it . 
  i am expecting valve to experiment with vr tech . 
  if hl3 has a heavy vr focus and somehow manages to pull of `` vr revolution '' , then we really ca n't say that the game was ruined by hype . 
  dnf happened . 
  but that does n't mean that they wo n't start the development later on . 
  i mean , source 2 is a thing , and l4d3 will prob . 
  be the first game to come out for it . 
  however , i would assume that valve really wants to hl3 really have an impact on gaming , just like the first game did ( and somewhat second ) , so i think that vr is the missing tech required for hl3 - they have their own hmd prototype and they are closely working together with oculus . 
  but these are just my somewhat logical assumptions and i could totally be wrong - which i prob . 
  i really , really hate that elitism card . 
  i would compare it directly to nazi card , because you are just ignoring the arguments completely there . 
  alright , let 's begin with the console part . 
  nothing wrong with the devices themselves , they just were not powerful enough to run the game . 
  the answer for this was a middle card : some maps were better on pc , some were better on consoles , but none of them really were optimal for either of these platform , because they just had to do these compromises . . 
  i still have traumas about metro 64 . 
  `` next-gen '' consoles fortunately closed the gap between pc , so only `` current-gen '' consoles have to suffer in this matter . 
  now , as for the dlc . . when compared to , let 's say bc2 vietnam , the difference is pretty pathetic . 
  bc2 : v had new factions , new voice acting , new weapons , completely new aesthetics , guns which were from main game had different skins . . it really felt like a proper expansion instead of something just slapped to the game . 
  what did bf3 expansion add ? 
  imo nothing memorable . 
  extra weapons and maps . . but you seriously ca n't call the last two expansion packs proper expansions instead of map packs . 
  just because the another one has a crossbow , ( imo ) a worthless game mode that people play few times and go to their usual conquest/rush/tdm , it 's not a map pack ? 
  also , the other one has a motorcycle + silenced & flashlight m1911 + ( imo ) another worthless game mode . 
  the worst part about bf3 dlc ? 
  ** no free content released . 
  at all . 
  ** so pretty much lied about that as well . 
  also , these two games are heavily bloated . . [ here 's levelcap explaining well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvqcbcpzsba ) why `` less is more '' . 
  check it out if you have n't seen it . 
  now , voip argument . . 
  i used it quite often in bf4 . 
  shame that nobody else uses it . 
  dice added something essential to the game , but apparently most of the players just is n't interested in communication . 
  also , mod tools . 
  i could only imagine what sort of [ realism mod ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6x10ntprjc ) they could make with frostbite engine . . or something [ absolutely ridiculous . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kxmazk0gzo ) the vanilla game of bf2 was n't that good after all ( better than bf3 & bf4 in their current states imo though ) , but it 's because of the modders , these games ended up being classics . 
  as for the broken state of battlefield 4 , i do n't blame them for being angry . 
  [ the gunplay is completely broken ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smyliiadwz8 ) so in my standards it is completely unplayable . 
  luckily i did n't pre-order it and bought it for $ 20 on black friday , because i knew that it would be a buggy mess . 
  hopefully tons of people will remember it . 
  mecs and drones should be just more expensive , that 's should sort it out . 
  commando typhoon mec can suck insane amounts of damage , and he can even bring in good support . 
  5700 for an unit with 26hp + amazing damage reduction bonuses + robotic . . it 's just way too cheap . 
  it is balanced because almost nobody is able to play . 
  as a solo player , i do n't know that much about the things going on outfits , but we have fairly balanced server . 
  and daddy . 
  and arquinas . 
  75 is good imo . 
  unless you have some resource boosts , it is a power that should n't be so-spammable . 
  so if you are running low on them , imo you should n't use them unless you are just about the get behind cover while being under fire from range or your shields are recharged and there 's no medics nearby . 
  fairly restrained way to use them but you would had died anyway in most cases . 
  steam does n't do this , so it was something else . 
  do you have kids ? 
  they prob . 
  downloaded something bad . 
  or you downloaded something else earlier and the malware just started to `` kick in . '', 
  anything cheaper than that and medkits would be almost a replacement for the medic ( aside from revive ) , so i do n't think that you should be able to replace an entire class . 
  well , there are couple reasons why to not to pull a max . 
  the primary reason for that is that max is quite bad class in many situations ( like soloing or mid/long range combat ) , and if you die with the max , it will take a while until you are able to pull it again . 
  also , i would n't directly compare medkits to maxes : you ca n't stack max suits while you can stack medkits .
