  using your legs and arms instead of just your hands is a whole new experience . 
  just keep practicing : this will improve your muscle memory and eventually you have learned what to do in no time . 
  yeah the payload was halved , but 4x of 1000kg bombs is still a big boom . 
  the price was also buffed to 140 , ecm increased to 30 % and you get two units per card instead of one . 
  the new f-111c is one of the reasons why commonwealth is currently my favorite coalition - a proper bomber instead of one-time trick . 
  with the destruction of blufor mix meta people are still figuring what is the next thing . 
  but when they get it right , the hordes of super accurate anzac carbines , masses of challenger 2 's , big bloody iron bombs dropped from f-111c 's and a vast selection of different air defenses shall inherit wargame . 
  ( okay , it wo n't be as bad as ussr spam back in the day , but cw is a serious contender for being the best blue coalition ) . 
  are you aware of the fact that some gp-5 filters might contain asbestos ? 
  the missiles are heat , which will always do at least 1 damage . 
  there was one time when the enemy sneaked keiler to my base , and it was a big bloody nuisance . 
  i can only imagine how terrifying moderna would be . 
  islamic tract in suomi ? 
  it 's disappointing , but not too surprising . 
  many games released recently ( r6s siege , overwatch ) are included with free map dlc so that the community would n't be split , and the rest of the micro-transactions are mostly/completely purely cosmetic . 
  oh well , it 's business as usual for ea . 
  all of the maps are free in the games that i mentioned , while in bf1 they are n't . 
  the latter one will split the community even if some maps are free ( like in bf4 ) . 
  i do n't think that having a server browser is a necessity in a game that is designed to be played as 5 vs 5 . 
  sure , there are some perks for it like the longevity of the game but it 's not mandatory . 
  the amount of maps released is kinda disappointing , but i think the map quality is better than in bf 's with more unique assets etc. 
  many other titles come with more free maps than siege though ( like tripwire interactive games ) , so i do think they could do better than that . 
  the newer battlefield 's are n't nearly as bad offenders as bc2 though , which had only had a handful of different building types that were copy-pasted all over the place . 
  i did buy bf4 premium ( on sale ) and i was pretty satisfied with my purchase . 
  i did n't argue whether premium is value or not . 
  i just mentioned that it splits the community and may hurt the playerbase in the long run , and the expansions may become inactive after a while . 
  bf2 special forces for example was pretty dead during 2010 or so . 
  the playerbase simply did n't exist for the title anymore as it was paid dlc . 
  the latest bf titles do n't seem to experience from this issue though since it has a bigger playerbase , and i do think it 's also the reason why ea keeps monetizing the maps . 
  why would he get sued ? 
  how eugen could sue them ? 
  i mean , there are many similarities to wg but the last time i checked eugen does n't possess the rights of cold war units . 
  we are . 
  they messed up the reloading . 
  at the beginning for example he fires a single shot , unlocks the bolt and an empty cartridge flies away - 4 bullets left in the mag . 
  then he starts to reload : a bolt is unlocked , a bullet ejects , but instead of 3 bullets there 's still 4 bullets left so he needs to insert only one bullet to the mag . 
  this was probably intentional from them but i still find it slightly annoying . 
  it may be a bit picky detail but there 's not that many games that get it right . 
  should 've been just your traditional heroic us vs evil russia . 
  well , why not ? 
  if most games do it then i do n't see why this would n't be applied to ww1 as those countries participated in the war . 
  i think there 's great risk that the playerbase will be alienated if the us is n't saving us from evil russian communists . . 
  do you realize what / s means ? 
  ye getting weapons was easy , and cheap . 
  if the weapon was n't brand new you could just purchase them from other players for a single scrap . 
  the only issue i had with the game were the item sets , which used to grant gameplay bonuses ( like the fez set , which was very strong ) . 
  these required hats and getting some of them was relatively expensive due to the bonuses that they granted . 
  they do n't grant gameplay bonuses anymore , only cosmetic effects . 
  the rivet gun can do up to 150 damage , or 300 if you land all pellets to the head at point-blank range . 
  with molten core the damage is not a joke . 
  so you are saying that maiming these people and their families is part of the solution ? 
  people who had possibly nothing to do with the incident ? 
  i mean sure , if they are proven to be collaborators then they should be punished accordingly . 
  you mean / r/all, 
  i think voice comms should have the necessities , even if talking is optimal . 
  not all people want to/are able to use voip , and talking alone in the game can get awkward . 
  anyone can kill a squishy target walking on a straight line , but a jumping and strafing enemy , especially if it 's a tank , is a different story . 
  you need the extra dps if you ca n't fly away . 
  some people have other preferences , even if their choice is objectively inferior in terms of accuracy . 
  ressing single tanks is a good idea . 
  they can stay in the battle for a noticeable amount of time , and have a better chance on turning the tide than other players . 
  tanks with ubers are even better , as you mentioned . 
  anyway , there 's no clear answer when the time is best to do the res . 
  usually you should hold it if you can see that there 's other players dying with a good probability . 
  you just have to use your judgement on your ultimate . 
  yes , you will probably mess your res several times when you res your tank too early or end up dying yourself while waiting your teammates to fall . 
  mercy is a critical role to play so failing to do a good res is often decisive , and it can feel bad when you realize what went wrong with your play . 
  overwatch is a great game , but if you 're wondering whether that game is suited for . . you should try out team fortress 2 . 
  these games share many , many distinctive similarities . 
  if you like the other game then you 'll probably enjoy the other one as well . 
  * does satanic things *, 
  mum get the camera, 
  you can adjust sensitivity for each class individually . 
  `` you are getting old sandor clegane ! '', 
  - `` he 's not ! '', 
  i think he 's more of an issue on consoles , while on pc he 's definitely fine or even sub par . 
  nerfing his turret damage on consoles should do the trick . 
  but some , given a chance to climb , they cling to the kills , or the medals , or hanzo . 
  only the ladder is real . 
  the climb is all there is . 
  how come mercy has a different voice actor ? 
  it 's not that much fun on pc either . 
  there are some mics , yes , but they 're usually coming from frustrated players that are raging . 
  at least in quick play the players did n't have anger management issues . 
  comp is like playing cs : go again , full of man children : /, 
   rank 43 calling others noobs and being edgy, 
  sounds about right . 
  agreed . 
  rank 60 or so has its share of rotten apples but i 'm pretty content with the rank . 
  people know how to play and get that you ca n't win every single game . 
  they also understand that their teammates are normal players , not professionals . 
  occasionally , arguably more often than i 'd like it to be , there 's * that * guy . 
  highest one i 've ever gotten ( and seen ) was 9 votes . 
  and even for that i had to do 5x and 4x res . 
  `` wait , did i forgot to turn the stove off ? '', 
  biggest economy ? 
  bah , that is meaningless in comparison to free healthcare , education and other perks that we nordics get . 
  actually , the government pays me money for studying . 
  but hey , at least you 're not `` cucks '' , 
  of course the money does n't grow on trees .
