  the game is quite linear but it 's not a tube fps : you are free to explore areas between mission and then the missions are pretty linear . 
  this is n't a bad thing always though . 
  so , grab the me trilogy which will give you all 3 games plus some dlc . 
  unfortunately the best dlc is n't included . 
  stock weapons are usually very good , and there just is n't any direct upgrades . 
  there just is n't . 
  sure , high rof guns are usually better on many situations , but not always though . 
  also , there 's tons of great 100-500 cert guns available , not just 1000 certs anymore . 
  there are some weapons though that are questionable on their balance . 
  hacksaws , striker and lolpods were a massive problem when their damage was n't nerfed . 
  the only big complaint i have is the mana at turret . 
  but i agree with you , 1000 certs is just sliightly too much . 
  if they reduced the price of all guns at least to 500 , then i would call it fair . 
  and this is coming from a player who has spent 70 bucks on this game . 
  if dice wants to take seriously the whole competitive bf4 thingy , then they really have to move away from consoles . 
  but i guess this particular event is just a marketing campaign from ms. 
  sennheiser is a quality brand that you can really trust , but i do not think that you 'll get anything fantastic for 50 bucks , not to mention that they wo n't work on consoles . 
  also , bf2 project reality and arma franchise . 
  i have a great experience from fools road aswell !, 
  we were playing as germans , doing some major infiltration behind frontlines . 
  at some point we decided to make an ambush . 
  there were six of us , and we had a hat and lmg . 
  after waiting for a while we noticed that there was a bmp and a truck incoming , so we prepared . 
  the hat took down the bmp with a nice shot . 
  after that we literally started a bulletstorm against that truck , which was apparently full . 
  you could see all those players panicking when they exited the truck , but they had no chance . 
  we had some nice cover from the trees while they only had a small ditch as their cover . 
  after two minutes the whole thing was wrapped up : we took only one casualty who got revived very soon while we destroyed bmp and fully-loaded truck . 
  no comment on other things , but all weapons in the game exist irl . 
  most of them are just brand new or are still in testing , like ak-12 . 
  too long to read ? 
  try this better , shortened guide :, 
  use fuckton of strikers . 
  the end . 
  uhh . . 
  if engineer did n't have rocket launcher just like in bf2 , then tank drivers could not bail out and destroy your opponent with an rpg when they 're losing . 
  bf community at its finest . . 
  now i do not usually participate in `` ea is literally a hitler '' - circlejerk , but this is just fucking disgusting . 
  i 'd rather take my 2143 . 
  iirc you will get a death , even if you get revived . 
  well , plenty of players are still playing even older battlefields . 
  vietnam and 2142 are almost dead though . 
  hurrdurr stinger is so op plz nerf, 
  yeah , 24 players , smaller maps , 30fps and horrible controls do n't matter at all !, 
  i disagree . 
  shortcut packs were introduced few months later after the release and it gives new lazy players a chance to catch up with rest of the players . 
  sure , that one is greedy too but they did n't offer advantages from launch , and you knew exactly what you were getting , not random items . 
  there is no campaign . 
  only sp bots on certain mp maps . 
  the mp is pretty dead . . 
  there 's only 2 populated us servers and 2 eu servers . 
  if you play on prime time then you definitely can play . 
  note that you 'll be against veterans who are very experienced and have the best gear . 
  sure , go for it !, 
  it 's a great game although it 's a dying one . 
  i still do n't like the gun skins , along with map pack operations . 
  sure , map makers and esports gets some of the profits and you can play operation maps on non-pub servers , but i still disagree the implementation of them on a $ 15 . 
  however , it quite clear that valve is going to make this game a f2p , just like tf2 . 
  i am fine with that , if they do n't go too far and silly with the cosmetics , just like they did with tf2 . 
  6950 1gb here , massive lag , average ~ 40fps and massive framedrops at the lowest settings . 
  i know that there 's no way i could run it on max but this is just ridiculous . 
  well i downloaded some beta drivers but i could give a shot for the new ones . 
  well , you ca n't say that bf for example does n't have balance issues or bad bugs . . 
  and no , i am not talking about bf4 beta . 
  i already made a post about how successful ps2 will be on ps4 . 
  you might want to check it out [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/1m6bv2/discussion_how_successful_ps2_will_be_on_ps4/ ), 
  i know that 1gb is quite little but since i can run bf3 at high with 60fps + all the time with no lag at all , bf4 should n't be pretty much unplayable even on the lowest settings . 
  720p , 60fps , inferior controls . . yeah , it wo n't be worse at all . 
  gh is actually on pc too . 
  arquinas is an asshole . 
  there 's nothing random about finnish . 
  [ see , it 's easy , right ? 
  soon our children will be wondering what physical media was . 
  do n't ever again compare our glorious pc version to petty 720p crap . 
  sorry , but i just ca n't agree with your points . 
  you are bringing in too much generalization in and you ca n't break the main argument : coyote is so much superior when compared to reflex . 
  also , your 4x scope argument was poor as well . . remember the difference between acog and pso-1 ? 
  yeah , the pso-1 was hilariously bad . 
  now imagine if that 's the only 4x sight available for your favorite dmr , and it would take dozens , if not hundreds of hours to unlock superior 4x . 
  what about if you are a competitive player ? 
  what if you need coyote for the next m16a3 ? 
  would be either fun or frustrating not getting it after you 've grinded the game for dozens of hours ? 
  also , who said that `` some people said that folding grip make you so much superior . '', 
  who said that ? 
  sure , we 've been talking about * advantages * , but not * super advantages * . 
  coyote is superior to reflex/kobra . 
  period . 
  the difference is minor but it is there , you ca n't deny it !, 
  and can we really accept that you can buy with real money an advantage on a game that already costed $ 110 ? 
  also , your argument about how unlocking everything stops so soon is weak too . 
  if you want to unlock everything then you have to do 300 kills with each weapon , 500 if you want all mastery dog tags . 
  and then there are other medals , dog tags , vehicle mastery dog tags . . bloody hell , if you got 'em all at bf3 then you deserve an applause !, 
  this leads to another question : do we gamers really need treats to keep ourselves on playing the game , or can we keep playing the game , just to get more skilled ? 
  bf2 offered only 2 unlockable weapons for each class : no attachment crap or what-so-ever . 
  that game offered me so many hours of fun , and it is still one of my favorite games ever . 
  now what has been pissing me in the industry so far is that you get always treats just to make feel yourself special . 
  unlocks , attachments , achievements , assignments , player-created missions . . do we really need this crap or should get the enjoyment from playing well ? 
  also , this personalization crap . . if everybody has access to everything , then what makes ** you ** so unique ? 
  i would understand some exclusive emblems or something from winning competitive tournaments , but this . .
