  i use stubby grip and heavy barrel on my m249 , and it works pretty darn great due to 1x first shot recoil . 
  however , you must be standing still in order to gain that bonus accuracy from heavy barrel . 
  on close-quarters you can just shred people due to large magazine size and not having to worry about accuracy . 
  bipod is an option too but you 're extremely vulnerable for snipers . 
  or alternatively , you could just use carbines . 
  less hassle and more killing !, 
  band of brothers is obviously a must-watch for any ww2 enthusiastic : amazing series telling about american paratroopers on western front : it 's also based on real stories from veterans . 
  also , there 's the pacific from same producers ; it 's based on pacific , telling the story of us marines . 
  haha , the fucker got banned from twitch !, 
  and here i am stuck with 900p @ 60hz . . * sigh * i guess 144hz is better , because if i get anything below 60fps . . it hurts . 
  have n't seen 144fps though . 
  do n't forget council requests !, 
  you might get plasma weapon requests if you get lucky . 
  seriously , you could get 3-4k for few plasma rifles . . that 's insane !, 
  so yea , capturing is definitely worth it if you know that you wo n't trigger anymore aliens and you have a backup plan if the stun fails . 
  at least they 're not playing on consoles . . 
  beta ran like shit though . 
  my fps was constantly dipping below 30fps even at the lowest settings . 
  currently it 's 40-60fps with med-high settings ( depending on the map , of course ) . 
  of course , it ran better on some system . 
  i think the anger is justified . 
  some people spent over 100 bucks on this game and got nothing but unpolished mess which is crashing all the time and core gameplay mechanics are completely broken . 
  after the horrible launch the main development team goes on fucking vacation . 
  is it any wonder that people are angry ? 
  also , how does dice respond ? 
  mysteriously rounding their answers saying like `` oh yeah we are working on the fix '' while they actually do shit like editing the killcam so the problem seemed to disappear . 
  now how did planetside 2 development team handled their problems ? 
  they admitted their mistakes , listened critic and launched a test server where players can test out their newest additions to the game . 
  lots of planned ideas on test server were removed due to feedback , which has made the game overall better . 
  i do admit that if you are going to post issues , your issues should be presented properly [ like in this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smyliiadwz8 ) instead of `` omg fix the netcode '' . 
  sure it is good to show your anger , but i admit that there 's been some dumb posts around here . 
  i hope this anger will remind people to think twice when they 're pre-ordering the next battlefield game or battlefront . 
  trust me , the next game will be broken as hell too . 
  i do n't mind having a vacation - everybody deserves one !, 
  but i think the timing for this vacation was pretty poor . 
  they knew that they 're going to ship a broken game , so why not have that vacation later on ? 
  if you ship something broken ( you should n't release anything broken in the first place ) , your consumers deserve your product to be fixed before you deserve a rest . 
  or at least that is how it should go , but this is n't the case in gaming industry , unfortunately . 
  it 's quite funny how gaming industry is one of the only industries where releasing broken stuff is acceptable - sure , it is rather different since you can patch stuff , but i 'd rather wait for a while to get things sorted out instead of getting something broken and disappointing . 
  you made a bad purchase . 
  gaming headsets are known from marketing instead of proper audio quality . 
  when compared to proper headphones made from companies that are specialized in audio engineering like sennheiser and audio-technica , gaming headsets offer sub-par quality . 
  now you might think that your headset is good , but when you actually try out proper headphones , you will be amazed how you can spot enemies accurately through walls and how sounds are so clear . 
  it 's the same feeling when you think that controllers are accurate for shooters , but when you actually try out keyboard and mouse . . you get pretty much blown away . 
  i ca n't agree with you . 
  they released something abysmal and left people on their own luck . 
  sure , the game was n't so broken that people could n't play it at all ( like in simcity case ) , but it still was ( and is ) in unacceptable condition . 
  if they wanted to have a vacation , then they should n't have release the game in the first place . 
  i think it is quite unfair comparison to compare bf4 to exploding cars - if your car engine was shutting down occasionally or your house had some insulation problems , you would be pretty pissed if the manufacturer/constructors were spending holiday somewhere , would n't you ? 
  i have a feeling that the aaa bubble will burst soon in the future , if things do not change . 
  games have so massive marketing & development budgets and release times are properly timed with marketing , games are almost always broken more or less . . this ca n't continue like that . 
  soon people might just refuse to buy these broken games : aaa studios will fall , publishers will dismiss people , marketing events like e3 will be at least shrink . . and indies will take their place . 
  maybe . 
  i certainly agree with your point that games are luxury product . 
  when a luxury product - or any product actually gets broken , i get distrust on that company . 
  even if i get that broken product fixed , it might be the last time i purchase any products from that company , because i know other companies can make products that 'll work . 
  the thing that pisses me about gaming industry is that almost every product is broken , especially on aaa scene - and this is completely fine for them !, 
  sure , you can just try play game , but what if there is n't anything that works what you want to play ? 
  or you 're young or and spent all of your savings on that particular game ? 
  or you 're a busy familyman who has maybe like half hour of spare time each game - and that time is wasted on hassle ? 
  at least we can agree that this shit must stop . 
  i really love the return of commander and squad voip . 
  i hate how underpowered commander abilities are and nobody works together - no using mics , no accepting orders , nobody throws ammo/medpacks etc. . 
  hey , i am trying to make people to avoid the same mistake as he did ; proper headphones is always a better purchase than gaming headset . 
  speaking about comfortability , my hd518s are just incredible in that case . 
  they are very light and the woven cotton feels extremely good on my ears . 
  everybody said how good siberia v2s were : i though that they actually were when i used them , but after purchasing my hd518s i realized how bad the leatherette around small squeezing cups actually was . 
  again ; it might feel comfortable when it actually is n't . 
  and the mic . . well , you have good options . 
  you could get something like a $ 10 webcam : cheap , but you do n't have to speak to your mic directly . 
  then there 's table mics : shitty $ 19 ones that break instantly or professional mics that can costs hundreds of bucks . 
  then there 's something like modmic if you want headset-style mic for you . 
  as for headset mics . . 
  i have bad experiences . 
  my siberia v2 mic was terrible - my buddies could barely hear what i said !, 
  then the piece of shit got broken so . . yeah . 
  `` for more than 30 years , only the most hardcore enthusiasts were able to take advantage of pc customizability . 
  convoluted hardware made it insane for the average person : knowing what does what , what works with what , and how to connect the pieces . '', 
  - [ source ] ( http://www.razerzone.com/christine?utm_source=razer_social_media&amp;utm_medium=smlink_us_launch&amp;utm_campaign=razer_christine ), 
  so basically , razer is trying to fix something that is n't even a problem . 
  they want to simplify a simple process . 
  if somebody wants to build his own pc , ** he can do it ** . 
  building your own pc requires minimal knowledge - just doing some research on the internet for a day or two and possibly ask from someone who knows better . 
  and if this person does n't want to learn how to build your own pc , he just buys a pre-built pc , asks his buddy to build one from him or simply just buys a console . 
  so yeah , i am confident that this project will fail . 
  even if there 's people who are actually interested in other than just seeing how it works , the market will be so tiny for it that it wo n't be profitable . 
  but that 's just my two cents . 
  `` that 's my two cents '' means `` this is what i think '' . 
  i could be wrong , but i really do n't see for who this product is made for . 
  casual players ? 
  that 's where pre-builds/consoles/steam machines come in . 
  pc enthusiasts ? 
  we all know how to build our own pcs , so why should we get something like this ? 
  also , since all of these parts will be water-cooled and the product itself is new , this will be insanely expensive . 
  casual market thinks pc gaming is already expensive , so this should at least scare them away . 
  sure , there might be some people who are swimming in money and just want to try things out . . 
  but that market is so tiny . 
  also , i do n't understand why you 're making building pc easier ( which is already easy ) and then introduce overclocking . 
  that really does n't make sense in my ears . 
  i am not a marketing expert or anything like that . . but this product just seems pointless .
