  = 1-p ( 0 hits ) - p ( 1 hit ), 
  repeats = 8 , chance to hit = 26,4 / 100 chance to miss = 73,6 / 100, 
  assuming that my math is right * ( and it was n't lol , fucking typos ) , pd 's have a great chance of wrecking me if they get a chance to fire all of their missiles while i fail to shoot/stun them . 
  dunno how much range bonuses would help , i guess the hit chance would be 75 % or so . 
  with f-15c it 's very possible to stun them before they get to shoot me since pd 's have only 20 % ecm . 
  but still , a pair of su-27sk does a better job here since they have higher ecm and their missiles lands first . 
  but then again they cost 150 each while you could get a pair of pd 's for nearly the same price . 
  destroying bad trolls is fun , which is definitely possible . 
  i had one of them buggers in my team once flying a jet , and he had an instant-lock aimbot . 
  so i decided swap teams and took a jet - the hacker was mediocre at best with the jet . 
  he just followed me directly to my spawn where i circled behind a mountain and let the bugger pass . 
  then i tailed and shot him down , and the trick worked multiple times . 
  after that ? 
  well , he left the server so i followed him to the next one . 
  he was playing a ground game this time around so i took a lav and whooped his ass again . 
  after that he got pissed off and called me a hacker . 
  he did n't like my insults so he told me that he knew what type of cheating he was using and he had already reported me to the fair fight , and i would n't have to give him any excuses since my ban was apparently on the way . 
  that was a few months back , too . 
  stalin had his population in control , you did n't . 
  filthy casual . 
  next time use more gulag . 
  bf4 has braindead players ? 
  jeez , who would have thought . . 
   there is still no clear , well documented facts about real russian army in ukraine . 
  [ if this is n't a sufficient piece of evidence to confirm russian army involvement , then i do not what the hell is . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zssifn2mso ), 
  please , admit it for your own dignity 's sake that russian army is , or has been fighting in eastern ukraine , no matter how much your government insists on the contrary belief . 
  the video that i have provided is just one of the countless irrefutable pieces of evidence that confirms russian involvement and the flooding of russian equipment , some of which are more advanced than what ukraine has to offer . 
  why would you use the j\u00e6gere ' 90 ? 
  the '75 version is 5 points cheaper , and minimi is turd when compared to mg3 . 
  the price difference is small , but it is there . 
  and the 2ap different between the rocket launchers is quite small too as both are capable dealing with transports - 18ap heat can ohk 4 armor , 20ap heat can ohk 6 armor . 
  but the different between mg3 and minimi is big . 
  the minimi deals a tenth less damage and only 2/3 of mg3 's suppression . 
  you 're literally paying more for a worse gun . 
  it 's . . it 's rough should i say . 
  there 's so many gameplay mechanics and concepts that you need to learn and handle decently before you can overcome the brutal learning cliff that the game has . 
  ** yes , you need a hundred hour or so to become truly competent . 
  ** once you make past that the game becomes excellent . 
  there 's no tutorial , so you have to learn to play by getting your ass handed to you . 
  watching youtube tutorials is good as well . 
  no prior in-depth knowledge about military stuff is required , but it helps . 
  as long as you know how rocket launchers , tanks , helicopters and such are used in real life ( like keeping your tanks at distance and helicopters away from anti-air ) then you 're good to go . 
  if you have general idea on what each unit does in real life then learning the stats of each unit through and through is easier . 
  remember , this is not a wargame even though the name suggests otherwise . 
  oh and all expansions are free , so you just need to buy the game and have it all . 
  jesus fucking christ . . we should do a kickstarter or something for op so that he would get enough dough for a new pc . 
  they 're light infantry . 
  afaik the role of the norrlandsj\u00e4gare was to defend norrlands , the northern half of sweden . 
  their machine gun is pretty meh , deals about 3/4 dps when compared to mg3 and 50 % more suppression . 
  their heat cannon however , is pretty interesting . 
  sure , you get only 30 % accuracy but it increases when targets get closer as 1575m range is pretty nice . 
  also , since it 's shock infantry the veterancy bonuses also helps . 
  the 12ap heat also kills 1 armor with one shot , so it definitely could dish out damage when the enemy is pushing . 
  norrlandsj\u00e4gare is such a weird unit . 
  definitely overpriced , that 's for sure . 
  however , if you 're playing sweden i 'd include it in my deck as sweden does n't have too many neat options . 
  and that 's why you need to make a play against said targets quickly . 
  that 's because almost all tanks have poor stealth while many smaller vehicles have medium stealth . 
  you can see the statistics on the info tabs . 
  infantry gets good stealth , recon infantry and 2-man atgm/manpad teams get very good stealth and sniper teams get excellent stealth . 
  dunno if wounded infantry units get better stealth , probably not . 
  was n't talking about vehicles in vehicle tabs exclusively , as many transports and recon vehicles have medium stealth . 
  there 's even chinese medium stealth recon tanks , which are brutal . 
  you really want a fifth consecutive bf set in modern era ? 
  i must say assault engineers , what in my opinion does n't deserve all the flack it gets . 
  sure , they only have 5hp and low ammunition but the flash has . . 3he and 17rpm ( and flame damage too ! ) . 
  that 's insanely high dps , one of the highest in the game !, 
  this unit really is the deal breaker in city fights . 
  it 's your anti-elite warrior that you keep hidden until the enemy rolls in with his heavy hitters . 
  just let your canadian airborne deal some of that sweet suppression damage against spetsnaz and other boogies , and then pop a stack of two or three flashes next to them and let them dish out the damage . 
  after they are done firing you should immediately pull them back for refill & repair . 
  so what gives ? 
  why is n't the unit being used more ? 
  or am i missing something obvious here ? 
  if this is a conquest deck then you need to swap your spw-50pu for a jeep cv . 
  you really need 9 cv 's in 1vs1 conquest . 
  consider swapping kolos for cheaper logistics . 
  you really do n't have anything that would require a lot of supply , and two or more logistics always repair faster than a single truck . 
  get a card of komandosi or yuck '90 to your deck . 
  their carbines will chew infantry for breakfast . 
  really neat units . 
  they can also be used for early land grabs albeit the lack of aa helo escorts makes it a tad risky . 
  chinese medium tanks  soviet medium tanks . 
  get a ztz-85-iia to your deck instead of t-72bi . 
  it has more accuracy and more ap . 
  also , ztz-88 or ztz-85-ii instead of t-72a for the same reasons . 
  less armor on both cases , not that important , though . 
  not the biggest fan of recon t-55 , but if you like it then go for it . 
  get a card of czech shock recon though - their sniper rifles wreak havoc . 
  you could get these in mi-25 if you want to use them in openers . 
  lie ren also works , as they are shock too with good weapons . 
  i really do n't think that asu-85m is that great , even if it costs only 10 points . 
  get su-122 instead if you want fire support - 5he cannon for only 15 points is not a joke . 
  mi-25 s-24 's are fun with their 10he rockets . 
  think about it . 
  other than that the deck seems fine to me . 
  hmm , i really thought that bradleys and such had medium stealth . 
  i guess i mixed 'em with recon bradleys , my bad . 
  and they are not doing it right .
