  it starts at 1pm est so it should start in 1h30min . 
  also , greenmangaming sends you steam keys so yeah , if you buy the base game from steam and dlc from gmg it will work . 
  i know you wo n't do it . 
  greenmangaming sells you steam ( and origin ) activation keys . 
  do n't pre-order games . 
  pre-ordering is a bad thing for gamers , and only way to stop it is to stop pre-ordering . 
  [ here 's a good rant why pre-ordering is bad thing for customers . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5uj4xit1y ), 
  civ 5 is -75 % off . 
  just remember to purchase gold edition !, 
  dirt 3 was quite good , the amount of dlc was disgusting though . 
  thou must do a rite of passage to show your worthiness . 
  play half-life 1-2 and episodes . 
  then we will accept you to our ranks . 
  i got myself sims 3 . 
  and trust me , i do not want to play that game . 
  please , post stuff like this to [ r/masserect ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/masserect ), 
  we ( mainly vs ) needs guns that have accelerating firing speed , meaning that you must hold the trigger for few secs before its firing at its fastest speed . 
  something like geth plasma smg or n7 typhoon from me3 . 
  maxes should have 2-handed guns . 
  imagine if max was carrying something like fury or original mcg . 
  that would be badass . 
  this peasant is clearly a noob , but if op shows him what his pc is capable of doing , then he will become a newb . 
  i am not expert in stuff like this , but i might be able to help you . 
  750w more than enough to supply your pc , so if the problem is in power , it 's in cables . 
  my best bet though is that your temperatures are too high . 
  check your cpu temperature from [ core temp ] ( http://www.alcpu.com/coretemp/ ) and gpu temperature from catalyst control center ( amd overdrive ) . 
  usually when your temperatures are too high you get slow framerates until you get a bluescreen ( well that happened to me when i did n't put my heat sink tight enough ) . 
  also , it could be a hardware problem . 
  i hope you have a warranty , otherwise you have to figure out by yourself what 's broken ( or take it to an expert ) and buy replacements for a broken part by yourself . 
  hmm . . 
  i never though about this . 
  thanks for informing . 
  both of them have pretty much endless replay value . 
  there 's nothing wrong with your temperatures then . 
  i have no idea what it could be then . . hardware failure ? 
  looks like you have to send it back to warranty . 
  civ 5 would be at teaching history . . 
  gandhis ai trait is peaceful , believe it or not . 
  he just loves those damn nukes though . 
  same classes , same weapons , same perks , same customization , same vehicles , same models on pretty much everything . . 
  new transport vehicle and new mp character models are the only new things i noticed . 
  also a new commo rose . 
  oh shit a battleback . 
  nonononono ... micro-transactions incoming . 
  so yeah , bf4 multi-player is the same , only micro-transactions included . 
  with standard speed , yes . 
  with epic/marathon it becomes easier . 
  he did n't save the tea ? 
  what kinda brit is he ?!, 
  when i was talking about perks , i was talking about the whole squad perk system . 
  okay , c4 for recon and elevators are nice additions . 
  recon really deserved a buff . 
  also some new customization has been added , such as the knife customization , which i find extremely stupid . 
  and when i 'm talking about new models , i 'm talking about gun models , vehicle models etc. 
  they are bloody same . 
  it is highly possible that things will change but right now all the evidence show that this is not the case . 
  . . why . . 
  budget battlestation . 
  why ? 
  it has a filthy h61 motherboard . 
  micro atx . 
  even though it 's filthy as shit i 'm very proud of it . 
  well this is bs . 
  whatever , i 'm definitely sure that i 'll pass this game . 
  4 favourite maps from battlefield 3 ? 
  wow . 
  that is a shame . 
  bf3 maps were never anything amazing imo . 
  also , seeing the technological leap is n't so big between bf3 and bf4 so there wo n't be such a massive difference . 
  the 4 maps that deserve a re-make imo are dragon valley , kubra dam , bridge of remagen and valparaiso . 
  you missed the part where xbox one gets the dlc first , meaning that one is the lead platform of bf4 . 
  they definitely did a great job . 
  no , you definitely are not . 
  let 's hope that dice will deliver after the bf4 is launched . 
  remember that not all players want to be in squads . . there will be incomplete squads in pretty much every round . 
  thanks !, 
  just redeemed my copy !, 
  after my first game on settler , i immedietly moved to prince . 
  yes , i did get my ass raped many times but i learned from my mistakes . 
  now i 'm soon about to win my first immortal game . 
  you should 've said that you can bang many aliens . . 
  it 's r/gaming , what did you expect ? 
  well , you do get it now too . 
  you gain more teamwork points if you are helping a squad-member . 
  it 's a shame that they did n't show the at game press conference . 
  valparaiso is quite balanced map imo . 
  only the 4th mcom pair would need some re-working . 
  they definitely could be better . 
  if you 're going to settle there are 3 perks city should have :, 
  - adjacent to a mountain ( observatory ), 
  - river for extra food , production with hydro plant if adjacent . 
  - luxury resources, 
  if you are playing tall avoid water tiles . 
  you will run out of work-space in the late-game . 
  well played . 
  can you link me where did you get the audio ? 
  yes , the kid . 
  i 'm planning to do a montage parody and that kid will the be most excellent for it . 
  you have to pay 60 $ each month , games are much more exclusive and soon the hardware is again heavily outdated .
