  agreed . 
  the turret needs a nerf . 
  make it dumb-fire ? 
  lose ability to control the missile after x meters ? 
  guess what ? 
  bf is going same direction too !, 
  your laugh would cure a cancer, 
  all of them !, 
  lung , pancreas , vs. . 
  maybe he should play some older titles ? 
  battlefield 2 was released in 2005 . 
  the game focuses heavily on teamwork and it 's much slower paced than bf2 . 
  there is less shaking things around but i am not sure what 's the max fov . 
  you can always download the demo and see what 's his opinion on it . 
  it 's quite clusterfuck though because there are so many newbies . 
  i am not 100 sure if there is any players left even, 
  i am not talking about bad company 2 , i am talking about battlefield 2 . 
  bad company 2 is very fast-paced game . 
  if you want to do well you must react faster than your enemy and know which path is now open so i can flank from there . 
  it is really good game , better than bf3 but there is so much lousy noises , explosions etc. 
  around so i do not think this would be a right game for him . 
  battlefield 2 however . . even though it is quite old it is still my favorite mp shooter of all time ( along with 2142 . ), 
  if your father can stick to a squad , work as a team then he is going to have an amazing experience . 
  learning to fly jets and choppers is going to take a while but learning those is not necessary . 
  taking boots of a standard grunt is really exciting !, 
  [ here 's some bf2 gameplay ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9c9xgiikjm ), 
  no homo . . no homo . . 
  more latex and silicon ? 
  all ai max guns which are not so good as other versions are , including blue shift i believe . 
  runescape sounds like a perfect game for this . 
  they even launched '07 version if you are interested !, 
  yes you should . 
  the learning curve is pretty damn high so before you just need practice , practice and practice . 
  watch some tutorials because without those you 're gon na miss some obvious stuff . 
  here 's some tips :, 
  - if you have loads of money always buy either ak , m4 or awp . 
  nothing else . 
  - avoid firing full-auto . 
  most of the full-auto guns kick like an angry mule after the 2nd shot is fired . 
  - one of the biggest mistakes noobs make is that they produce sound . 
  if you are appoaching enemies try to be as silent as possible . 
  hold shift to avoid sounds from footsteps and never fire randomly guns . 
  good players can even spot you if you zoom in with some of the guns or change fire-modes on some of the guns . 
  - if you do n't have much money you should try and do some ecoing . 
  better by good guns every 2nd round rather than buying shit guns every round . 
  - always aim for the head unless your opponent has taken some major damage . 
  i feel very bad for you aussie ( and west coast ) guys : / atleast here on eu none faction is overpopulated ( even though vs has lost a big chunk of players ) . 
  i can understand your frustation , it was like beta times on eu server . 
  nc and vs were always double-zerging us . 
  always . 
  making the maximum of 40 % of players per continent would definitely balance things out . 
  4th factioners would change servers too . 
  also , there must be some way to remove nc overpop . 
  free account transfer if you change to empire which has smaller influence ? 
  recommend underpop faction for newbies ? 
  so you should avoid patching ? 
  nah , please just add more hack patrols . 
  i see a hack patrol announced maybe 1-2 times a week . 
  or maybe you should make easier way to figure is the hack patrol online or not . 
  somewhere in the spawn menu there would be an announcement that the hack patrol is now online and show what the bloody name is !, 
  i simply just ca n't remember the name because is something like gm_huxi_miller . 
  and i am pretty sure that the name has been changed for several times . 
  seeing that the hack patrol is online would make hackers scared if the people keep reporting hackers . 
  sure you ca n't easily report those who are not so obviously hacking but you hack patrols could still check him out . 
  i know it could be a tough job to run a hack patrol almost all the time on roughly 10 servers but please , this would be a good solution . 
  fighting against hackers in a f2p game is a tough job . 
  can you give me other not-so-obvious reasons that would cause denouncing ? 
  if i settle on that wheat which has 3 food my city will my have 3 food ? 
  also i have the largest fleet in the galaxy . 
  unusuals can cost more than 1000 dollars . . 
  thanks for the help . 
  my plan was to capture the whole continent and then build massive invasion force to other continent . . catherine has 50 % more techs than i do so i believe it is too late to win this game : /, 
  this is on emperor and i 'm not such a good player . 
  we do not need swtor 2 . 
  i have played lol for about 2 hours . . 
  they 're working on it . 
  imagine if we could carry fury like hmg in crysis 3 . . 
  the most expensive one is actually . . 6839.75 dollars . 
  it 's the same hat which mr. bison wears , only with burning effect . 
  6839.75 dollars for a bunch of pixels . 
  now you know it . 
  [ giraffe is always a solid choice . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2-uso_cxmy ), 
  if we count bad company series to be part of the main title then 5 out of 8 main battlefields have set in modern setting . 
  and battlefield 4 is the 4th bf set in modern era in a row . 
  let 's be honest though . . do you want to see bf3 with more fancy graphics , unlocks , maps and possibly gamemodes . . or would you want to see [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk4weao07hm&amp;t=0m20s ) in frostbite 3 ? 
  bf2142 is not sci-fi , it 's more like a vision that `` modern warfare could look like this after 140 years . '', 
  there is no laser or what-so-ever in the game at all . 
  all fired things are projectiles , just like in real life . 
  almost all the things in this game are based on technology what already exists or is being researched . 
  even that super high-velocity at turret is a railgun which already exists . 
  hovering tank technology kinda exists , there is already some hovering technology , such as vtol planes . 
  only thing that might be too sci-fi is the [ titan . 
  ] ( http://guidesmedia.ign.com/guides/819222/images/image066.jpg ) maybe if they reduced the weight with higgs boson and added some hover technology it could actually work ? 
  and the futuristic gun/vehicle design . . 
  i am not trying to be offensive at all but maybe dice is not ready to take the risk because of people like you . 
  you are not ready to experience new things and because of that the sales of that game could really hurt . 
  if dice would take the risk then maybe there would be a chance that games set in future would become the thing again , replacing games set in current era . 
  this might sound like crazy but bo2 was * kinda * set in future and planetside 2 has also done a good job promoting future games . 
  now it is up to dice to push the last available domino block and see if it causes a domino reaction .
