  i hope so . . 
  and accurate hip-fire . 
  if you add laser right to it , you do n't need to even zoom in at cqc . 
  do n't let that no horizontal recoil fool you though , that thing is very poor in long-range combat . 
  but at medium , you will get loads of hits even if you full-auto . 
  * should be ( expect the massive tank rams for lulz ), 
  more people should realize that this is actually very effective tactic . 
  legion does n't upload the data for the heretics , he uploads it to other geth . 
  also , you can side with both of them and still comfort both of them . 
  i do not know can you comfort legion with paragon , but that should n't be a problem for you . 
  yes . 
  i ca n't remember have these happened earlier , but definitely they 've become more common . 
  alot , i mean . 
  she does n't look like a shepard at all , not even custom ones . 
  i 'd recommend boost , your quad-bike will go to places you never even imagined to go with it . 
  you can jump on roofs and balconies if there is a mound or some kinda of ramp . 
  just remember to add fury or cobalt to your quad-bike , so you can chop down some infantry . 
  you can also climb mountains and jump over some obstacles . 
  just do n't get too excited with that boost , because you can easily flip it and die . 
  if you are a teamplayer then maybe you should get the radar . 
  maybe . 
  just get the boost it 's so fricken awesome . 
  no . . just no . 
  yeah that guy was a `` modern gamer '' . 
  `` i am the best , nobody ca n't beat me . 
  if they do , they are hackers . '', 
  fortunately , i have never seen one of those in ps2 . 
  there was one immature vanu though who called everybody motherfuckers and bitches . 
  and in other games . . 
  i see those daily . 
  it is partly our fault , actually . 
  we players must just fight against the hackers , report them every time , take screenshots and videos . 
  and we must report them to support ticket , not do the / report command in chat . 
  and they shut down servers which still have lots of players playing them !, 
  all '11 sports game servers got shut down couple days ago , while they had still players playing them !, 
  as an bf vet , thrust me , bad company 2 is amazing game . 
  the rush mode is almost perfectly executed , maps are balanced , you really can use destruction as your advantage ( unlike in bf3 ), 
  and the audio . 
  oh my god it is amazing . 
  i ca n't name a game what has so aggressive sounds , which gets your blood spiked and you feel like that you 're in a real war . 
  the voice acting is really good too !, 
  i do n't know how dice fucked up it in bf3 . 
  bf3 has prob . 
  the lamest voice acting in the whole series . 
  conquest sucks in bc2 , that 's for sure . 
  and a single skilled chopper can kill everything if gunner and pilot work together , and have lightning reflexes . 
  and then ea keeps those servers up which are pointless . 
  for example , c&c 3 on 360 . 
  almost none players , i heard there was like 10 people once . 
  those servers should be closed . 
  better piss off dozen ( s ) people than hundreds of people . 
  tr one is not so bad . 
  i have an idea : since the ultimate empire showdown is soon here , maybe we should have banners where 's a good background and the leaders face/decal/name ? 
  i am no man job for this job , i 'm absolutely terrible with photoshop . 
  i personally do n't care about my k/d . 
  if my k/d is less than 1 , i do n't feel happy about it but i wo n't change my playstyle to get more kills . 
  i do n't know how to even check my total k/d correctly . 
  if i go [ this ] ( http://www.planetside-universe.com/character.php?stats=talizorah ) site , it shows my br 25 stats , and now i am 31 . 
  well . . yeah , 
  then my squad grabs some heavy assaults and focus-fire on a single tank . 
  there is a ranking system in this game . 
  first , you play your first 10 games in completely random games . 
  after that , depending how well you played your games , you will be added one of [ these ] ( http://kylesmyth.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/rank_images.jpg ) ranks . 
  after that , you start your way to get promoted . 
  also , there are no hostage missions in competitive mode . 
  why ? 
  because nobody plays them . 
  what about if i 'm driving a flash ? 
  battlefield 2 & 2142 had the best , and the easiest voice command system : the [ commo-rose . 
  ] ( http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/commo_rose ), 
  they brought it back to bf3 but it became less . . successful . 
  hey , when we have fun it 's also organized . . 
  it 's arrival . 
  it just explains how you got from me2 to me3 . 
  sure , if you do n't buy that dlc , you will get a different explanation . 
  and , lair of the shadow broker is the only must-buy . 
  especially if you liked liara . 
  for me3 , i recommend getting leviathan . 
  if you play it , the me3 ending wo n't be so confusing . 
  sure , you can watch it from yt , if you want . 
  i got 50 sc refunded once , i lost my single-use camo because of a bug while trialing another weapon . 
  have n't seen any of you there yet , maybe because i prefer bashing vs. 
  but maybe we will meet some day . . maybe . . 
  yeah , miller is the best . 
  there are just too many servers . 
  i play on miller which is the most popular eu server , and even there battles feel empty sometimes . 
  and , when they release more maps server merging is inevitable . 
  not bad . . but she is not as good as [ simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simo_hayha ), 
  how is it even possible that tb play on different server than the others ? 
  i mean , how you can have ultimate empire showdown when you play on different servers ? 
  well . . all those hc toby and seananners fans will get disappointed . 
  yes , there are huge battles and then there 's ghost battles . 
  for example , indar is always heavily contested during peak hours ( expect yesterday for some odd reason ) . 
  there are always big fights on esamir but the south-west corner is dull . 
  either tr caps it or vs. 
  amerish in other hand . . loads of uncontested spots , usually biggest battles are size of platoon , and they 're around tech plants . 
  i was going to do exactly same comment . 
  you should 've recruited her in the very first time you come to ~ ~ normandy ~ ~ citadel . 
  not sure if it 's your only chance but you must recruit her very early . 
  notch is not bad player !,
