  first off , do n't build decks suited for all gamemode . 
  this deck is plain terrible for 1vs1 , and maybe decent enough for 4vs4 + . 
  you do n't need two fobs , as you 're running with a single smerch only . 
  your cv of choice is also questionable . 
  a common ussr setup is inf in mi-8 mtv + t72/uaz -469 . 
  17 units of infantry just simply is n't enough , so no , you are n't paranoid . 
  you have a great chance of running out of infantry , especially since they 're downvetted . 
  a common ussr setup is 2x vdv '90 in btr-d ( bmd sucks , bad autocannon ) , one morskaya pekhota in btr-90 , one spetsnaz in btr-80 ( btr-90 reduces quantity too much ) , and the forth pick varies a lot . 
  some like it being gornostrelki '90 in mtv for their atgm , while some add manpads . 
  you are also right about the strela-10m . 
  it sucks , it simply does n't have enough range and it is tracked . 
  a good alternative is 35-point shilka , as it can deal tremendous amounts of damage + is cheaper . 
  your tank tab sucks too . 
  t-80bv is a terrible tank , period . 
  it is in a price range where it is too expensive to be brought alone , and too bad that it ca n't deal with a superheavy . 
  just compare that thing to leopard 2a1 - 1 extra armor , same ap , less accuracy and stabilizer , and 15 points more expensive . 
  and the atgm is just useless , no arguing about that . 
  the 50 % accuracy is unacceptable for a 120 point tank , it 's very bad . 
  so the meta tanks for ussr are t-72bu , t-72b1 and t-72a . 
  there are other viable choices like t-80 as an alternative to t-72a , and t-80um as an extra superheavy for big games . 
  t-64bv1 is something decent in 120-point price range . 
  you decide . 
  no spetsnaz gru in your recon tab ? 
  no brdm-3 with its superior autocannon ? 
  get these in your deck , preferably two cards of gru . 
  vehicle tab is okay i suppose , but there are other nice units like flame tanks available . 
  you do n't need two atgm helis in your deck . 
  remove one of them , and add the mi-24v is you replace the akula . 
  you got the plain tab completely wrong . 
  su-24 is good , but i do n't think you should upvet it . 
  a pair of elite mi-25pd 's are arguably the best asf in the game , as their 8he missiles will rip everything apart . 
  mig-27 is your atgm plane , its broken cannon is heat , meaning that each shot will do at least 1 point of damage . 
  su-24m is for bombing runs . 
  then there 's also stuff like mig-23mld at elite to kill pesky helicopters . 
  to conclude : you have n't yet figured the strengths of ussr , which makes it the strongest faction in the game . 
  it is all about cost-efficiency with weapons that are arguably plain superior to their counterparts . 
  also , you seem to upvet everything , which is n't smart . 
  usually it is wise to upvet things like missiles that suffer greatly if you miss , but units like infantry usually do n't need that . 
  upvetting mid-tier tanks is wise tho , as you do n't lose availability a lot . 
  the mig-29s has just too small bombload to justify its price imo , it will have trouble to score kills . 
  su-24m has 250kgx30 while the mig has a 500kgx4 . 
  the extra ecm+ir missiles just are n't enough to compensate , but i have seen some cases where it 's being used decently . 
  and su-27m is just not worth it because we have the broken mig-27 . 
  both can kill superheavies by themselves in a single gun run , and the mig costs only 95pt . 
  harriers are still in service ? 
  i thought that these things were retired . . 
  exactly this . 
  finland being neutral was nothing but deception . 
  due to finlandization critizing ussr was frowned upon , censorship was widespread and having good relationship with the the soviets was pretty much mandatory in order to advance in your political career . 
  but the deal was n't exactly the same , tho . 
  the military assistance from ussr was automatic for its other allies , but for finland it was discrectionary . 
  not to mention finland did n't join warsaw pact and it stayed as a democracy with a proper opposition , unlike its southern brethen . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i do n't think light riflemen '90 are efficient versus wheeled red start . 
  super dragon can fire once or twice before the transports arrive , and they do only 9 damage against 2 armor , something that 's the amount of nearly every single btr . 
  once the transports arrive they get shafted by spetsnaz and other shock inf . 
  they 're also aggressively marketing their jets to other countries as well . 
  i 'm just an armchair general , but from what i 've seen this plane is apparently an overpriced turd . 
  ye , it 's a good deal for other countries , only a 100 million or so . 
  you could get about 3 super hornets + maintenance for that price . 
  and once russia/china manage to develop radars powerful enough to detect these far away . . oh boy . 
   red dragons, 
  uhh . . t-90 ? 
  or he just grabs the keys and opens all the doors instantly lel . 
  get remote doors for extra security . 
  both blufor moto and general deck are great decks for small games . 
  there 's just simply so many good units available for you !, 
  [ here 's my ranked deck . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vjyzxvo.jpg ) it probably is n't as good as ussr is , but i still like it a lot . 
  the biggest reason for it is the price , 70 points for a sead alone is a steal but it also has some limited aa capabilities . 
  it also comes as hardened , meaning that the accuracy is slightly higher than on jaguar a , the 80pt french sead . 
  generally speaking cheap sead is better because the missiles on cheap planes recharge faster than on expensive 150pt ones . 
  also the low 20ap does n't really matter as only some uk spaags can survive the hit . 
  more expensive sead is better in bigger games i suppose , but in smaller games you wo n't be going against big aa networks in which high ecm planes with long-range weapons are a must for survival . 
  conquest also makes units more expendable , and you need to invest hell of a lot in ground stuff , meaning you really ca n't buy 170pt asf and 150pt sead when cheaper variants manage to do the same job nearly as well . 
  perhaps not an officer , but an enforcer of some sort . 
  swedish infantry is shit against other infantry , which definitely rules them out as the best minor nation . 
  poland is a contender for the best minor nation . 
  they have excellent anti-infantry capabilities , very good aa and tanks , solid recon and air tab , and the aa tab is nothing to be laughed at . 
  their helicopters are also pretty nice , including mi-17 . 
  i guess their at capabilities could be better so in big games they 're probably not the best choice . 
  and what is this best block to block fighter that you 're referring to ? 
  but flame infantry is pretty nice , i do admit , but that is n't enough to compensate vs mg3 hordes . 
  edit : bloody hell swedish reservists have a god-tier lmg !, 
  i learn something new every day . . 
  their line inf is good against vehicles , and are paired with stridsfordon 90 . 
  the machine gun is also pretty bad but it 's not even remotely as bad riflemen '90 and their m-60 . 
  the reservist machine gun , the m-37 and its stats are shocking . 
  it 's nearly identical to canadian airborne c2a1 - deals 9/10 damage and 4x suppression when compared to mg3 !, 
  sure , the militia status makes them pretty bad otherwise and their 10pt transport is quite premium , but the unit is still a bloody steal for 10 points . 
  when paired with other inf this thing should be a beast . 
  well in consoles the limits are understandable because the performance will eventually make the game unplayable . 
  on pc tho there 's no limits , if your pc can handle it then you can go for it . 
  ehh . . dunno about that . 
  for 40 points you get rather average machine gun . 
  i suppose elite battle rifles at 15-man team could some damage , but 40 points for an unit like that does n't seem that efficient . 
  asu is picked as the gun on that thing is good for only 10 points . 
  su-122 has 5he on its weapon , which gives a nasty punch against infantry . 
  not a fan of these things but they 're no doubt viable options . 
  yes , btr-90 is op as fuck .
