  if the enemy has tons of aa units in the area . . do n't use the attack helis for attacking . 
  after all helis are best used as a defensive unit , rather than an offensive one - with proper optics you should be able to see incoming aa units . 
  wargame is a great game by all means . 
  the gameplay is far more different than on any other rts - it is not even remotely similar to titles like starcraft or c&c . 
  it has very `` realistic '' gameplay - each unit in the game somewhat fulfill their roles like they would in real life , and the battles happen in * relatively * correct ranges - infantry have very short-range weaponry , tanks have long ranges , and anti-tank missiles have even longer ranges . 
  and each unit can be specialized into different roles - and there are hundreds of different units to choose from . 
  oh and damage models are pretty realistic too . 
  this is no battlefield - if that apc gets hit by a tank shell , it will die . 
  helicopters will be shredded by anti-air if they get into their range . 
  tanks can takes hit to the frontal armor , but sideshots can be devastating . 
  that said . . the game is hard to get into . 
  the gameplay is , simply put , so unique that you have n't experienced in any other game . 
  you can learn to play dota quickly if you have played lol . 
  battlefield is n't too hard either if you have played cod . 
  but if you have played c&c and such . . it wo n't transition your skills . 
  learning the statistics of more than 800 units is a challenge itself , but getting properly a handle of the gameplay takes imo at least 100 hours . 
  oh and single player is terrible . 
  it 's pretty much mp with bots with some additional campaign elements . 
  it 's best suited for learning the very basics , like learning to move your units et cetera . 
  mp is . . alive . 
  there about 300-600 players online . 
  it 's more than enough to get a match . 
  and since this is a sale time , it 's the best time to get into the game . 
  there are plenty of other noobs in the game due to sale ; this gives you a chance to play against them . 
  just make sure that you check their statistics so that you do n't end up against pubstompers . 
  oh and check out / r/wargame . 
  it 's a great sub , and you can go in there and ask some questions . 
  the subreddit even has a teamspeak if you want to hang out and play !, 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's a great game if you dedicate yourself to play it , but i can understand where you are coming from . 
  it 's definitely not a game that you can just casually hop into and expect to play well . 
  yeah , the vanilla impossible has extremely hard early game that relays heavily on rng , and your grenades being the only way to deal with the enemies . 
  late game however . . well , it 's not extremely easy but it 's quite hard to fuck things up after the fourth month or so . 
  i hope that firaxis has learned their mistake in the sequel . 
  long war , while not being perfect by any means , should give them the right ideas . 
  i think that you may have missed my point . 
  early game is hard and relies quite heavily on rng . 
  if you manage to pass the first three months then the game is pretty much a cakewalk . 
  the game should be equally hard on all difficulties and you should have more abilities and customization at early game , like suppression , different types of grenades and so on . 
  just because the game is hard does n't mean that it should necessarily be * frustrating . 
  yes !, 
  after watching zemalf 's playthrough ( the one where he completes the game without losing a single soldier , interceptor , or a country ) , i can conclude that early game requires luck , even if you 're one of the best , if not the best player in the game who thinks about his every single move for minutes . 
  his late game however , was easy peasy , thanks to that overpowered meme skin , mecs and all that other good stuff . 
  there was little to no room for rng there . 
  mitsubishi chu-mat is pretty awesome . 
  it has 2450m 60 % 21ap atgm and it costs only 20 points . 
  it really does dirty deeds for dirt cheap !, 
   i would use motorised but it loses acces to prototype units, 
  this is not true . 
  using specialized decks does n't lose your prototypes . 
  if you are using bluefor/redfor deck ( all coalitions ) , then you will lose the protos . 
  or maybe , maybe it 's a sequel for the bureau !, 
  or sort of like in c&c red alert . 
  allied campaign victory ? 
  it 's a prequel for red alert 2 . 
  soviet campaign victory ? 
  the game is a prequel for the tiberium saga . 
  but jihad does n't mean that you blow yourself up - the correct term would be istishhad or martyrdom . 
  jihad means a battle against something , like against others or yourself ( like if you 've been unfaithful or so on ) . 
  armed jihad traditionally means a defensive war against your adversaries , in order to defend your faith , children , women , property and so on . 
  nowadays jihad is related to offensive wars and jihadist groups , like isis . 
  and what 's the vehicle of choice for these groups ? 
  toyota pickup-trucks and humvees to some extent - hence the name jihad jeep . 
  rule 34 people , rule 34 . 
  the sad thing here is that samir is a better driver than me . . :(, 
  i recommend starting playing redfor , especially ussr . 
  bluefor , especially us units might be a lot more familiar to you , so you have the general idea what you are up against when you see units like `` us marines '' or `` m1a1 abrams '' or `` apache longbow '' . 
  so it 's better that you learn your own `` strange '' units first , so you do n't get confused when you are up against units like `` 9k330 tor '' or `` morskaya pekhota '' or `` t-64bm '' . 
  eventually you should , and will learn all the units by heart , but imo this is a good way to start . 
  at least it 's not cgi . . \u0ca0\u035c \u0ca0, 
  i am sorry . 
  [ i 'm referring to this scene . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmw4rjpebcw ) it is totally not what i had planned to do . 
  that and bad destruction ending . 
  i was purely paragon , saved everyone on the suicide mission , but i still managed to fuck things up in the last game . 
  edit : to add insult to injury , i wanted tali to become my li . 
  unfortunately i already was on the 3rd game - too late . 
  medium armor ? 
  does that mean that we 'll have different types of armor right from the get-go ? 
  if that 's so , yes please !, 
  this fact me struck me as odd since most coalitions are fictional or really are n't a military force - commonwealth does n't have a military force , norad defenses airspace of us and canada , landjut is ( was ) responsible for defending jutland peninsula and eastern block is just 3 warsaw pact countries in europe . 
  eurocorps in the other hand , is an army corps of 6000 men , mostly consisting french and german troops . 
  it has done numerous deployments in countries like kosovo , and is part of the nato 's rapid reaction corps . 
  i would n't recommend that one . 
  ranged combat in chivalry is shite . 
  that said , op should definitely get it for some melee combat . 
  that game probably has the best melee combat when compared to other games !, 
  but turkey abandoned their islamic values when they became a republic . 
  most of them do not follow islamic rules in their daily lives . 
  or at least that 's how things used to be . 
  just look at president erdogan - the dictator is slowly turning the country into an islamic shithole . 
  oh boy , that surely was an amazing experience for the little laddie !, 
  even as a full-grown bloke i 'm a bit jealous . 
  also , the long war mod . 
  it adds helluva lot more content to the game , and as the name suggests , it makes the game longer and a lot harder . 
  it 's so good that the whole xcom community has moved to play that mod & the developers of the game have been praising it as well . 
  bear in mind though that the mod is still in beta , so bugs , imbalances are there and certain features are still lacking . 
  but nonetheless it 's worth downloading since it does n't cost a penny . 
  the mod is a complete overhaul in almost every aspect so yes , you would have to start a new game . 
  oh and check out / r/xcom !, 
  usually these blokes get caught within a month or so .
