  even though bf2 and bc2 are n't so highly popular anymore , they still do generate income for ea , so there 's a pretty good chance that at least these two titles will be spared . 
  `` oh shit , ea just killed my favourite shooters that i 've played for years !, 
  i am so bitter about this !, 
  i 'd better go and buy their latest titles . . '', 
  yeah , does n't sound very logical . 
  well first of all , the difference between older bf titles and newer ones is like apples and oranges . 
  the design philosophy between old refractor-engine games and newer frostbite engine games is pretty different : vehicles are much more dominant , different gunplay makes battles feel quite different , maps are overall bigger due to their somewhat larger size and different logistics mechanics ( like limited sprint , possible to spawn only the squad leader ) , communication is more important , most of the maps are conquest : assault . . also , bf2 does have some pretty darn popular mods like project reality . 
  watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtso7tmukfu ) video and do you think that bf3/bf4 has something like this to offer ? 
  if you buy a new apple product , you are generally getting better product all-around . 
  but in case of bf , older titles offer something different , that some people would prefer , but most of the people just would n't . 
  also , most of the people who actively play bf2 prob . 
  own bf4 too , at least bf3 . 
  and those who do not own , they know exactly what bf3 & 4 has to offer or their pcs simply could n't run those games . 
  bf2 is arguably one of the best shooters to play on a lower-end pc . 
  edit : also i 'd like to note your comment `` what does ea have to lose ? '', 
  - yes , older bf titles are definitely only a fraction of their income , but i doubt that frostbite bf sales would increase if they decided to shut down refractor bfs . 
  1/5 no lensflare, 
  do u even swag ? 
  definitely beats out the 720p/900p & 30fps console experience . 
  thanks for doing great stuff like this . 
  i 'd also like to say that you make brilliant games !, 
  killing floor , red orchestra 2 . . keep up the good work !, 
  well , it 's that `` netcode '' bullshit that has been going on . 
  sorry , there is not a solution for this until ( if ) dice fixes it . 
  so you are saying that devs are being told to not to fix major issues in the game which have even existed in previous installments ? 
  well if we use that logic then iw engine has evolved quite a bit as well . 
  i tend to disagree . 
  bf3 vanilla maps are imo one of the worst in the series , if not the worst . 
  all city maps are merely nothing but meatgrinders , because they are designed around chokepoints . 
  compared to something like strike at karkand or sharqi peninsula , those maps had some reaally lazy design . 
  rest of the maps are pretty ok i guess though , but nothing fantastic . 
  i ca n't say anything about the dlc maps because i do n't own them , but i 've heard good stuff about aftermath . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  twi is fairly big studio too . 
  they made the red orchestra franchise and killing floor . 
  just ignore those ass-hats . 
  this community is pretty damn cancerous , so you just have to deal with the trash-talk . 
  the only way you can prevent this stuff is to be polite to others and ignore & mute trash-talkers . 
  [ i 'll just link this nuke a bombsite defuse from b bombsite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwewppu7cj0 ), 
  you have only access to a basic rifleman class , which only has a bolt-action rifle . 
  however , if you buy the game you will have access to limited classes , which have other weapons such as smgs , sniper rifles , flamethrowers , machine guns etc. 
  i 've noticed that the russian players in mg ranks are much friendlier than in gn ranks or below . 
  gn was a fucking nightmare when you attempted to communicate with russians but from my personal experience i can say that mg russians are not-so bad . 
  it was worth it apparently . 
  now i personally lost a reasonable bet for navi due to this bullshit . 
  i am not saying that mousesports would 've lost the game even if guardian wasnt ddosd , but i would say that this was a decisive nail to their coffin ; he was the man who made crucial plays for his team . 
  but still , it was a brilliant game from both teams and it was ruined by some shitheads . 
  ~ ~ and i lost my skins too : / ~ ~, 
  edit : fortunately i did n't lost my skins , but this is still bullshit . 
  that would also greatly shrink the amount of spectators too . 
  seriously , there 's no way that ~ 30k people would spectate a small cs tournament if gambling was n't involved . 
  just report him and move along . 
  witchhunting is n't allowed on reddit so do n't that . 
  well , it 's a re-used banner . . but nevertheless it 's a nice banner . 
  it 's time for a banner competition , is n't it ? 
  ^ ^ pls ? 
   so when you 're sl1 or sl2 you might want to but greater emphasis on letting your guys spawn in rather then placing artillery . 
  i would say that you should put greater emphasis on surviving rather than hiding . 
  as boring as it does sound the best sl goes in/near capture zone and hides as well as he can . 
  yes , it 's very boring to play like this but i do this all the time ; surviving as sl1/2 is one of the most , if not the most important role in this game . 
  if the enemy is doing a banzai charge and you decided to start gunning them down and dying instead of trying to survive and waiting your squad to reinforce your position , it is your fault that you lost the point . 
  and do you just know how infuriating it is to run that 100m all the time , because your sl does n't do his job ? 
  yeah . . 
  i highly recommend picking up gold edition . 
  it includes all dlc before bnw , including g&k . also its cheaper . 
  i was about to go all-in for vp , but lounge bots were screwed up once again . 
  i was pretty unhappy about it but now . . thank you lounge for being such a shitty service !, 
  not , it is a shitty service . 
  the bots are constantly down , so i can rarely either bet or take my winnings . 
  i still have n't managed to get my winnings from the yesterday bet . 
  oh and it is n't free either . 
  admins take a 4 % cut from all bets , which will definitely generate tons of money considering people bet tens of thousands of skins from each game . 
  they also make money from ads . 
   if they would have kept that playstyle they would have shat on them . 
  if they were the best team in the world they would be just able to keep up their momentum , but they just simply ca n't do it . 
  they lose way too, 
  also , remember that match couple days ago where lgb just shredded vp on inferno ? 
  not to mention that inferno is the map where lgb has lost the most . 
  yeah , vp is definitely a great team and i am betting for them in this match , but there 's no way that they 're the best team in the world . 
  they 're extremely good with pistols though , possibly the best in the world . 
  well , i guess this game just proved why vp is n't the best team in the world . 
  dig just swept the floor with them and vp screwed their timings all the time , lost pretty much all the time 1vs1 's and went to challenge dig players 1vs1 all the time . 
  no cross-fires or what-so-evers were formed at all . 
  i expected more from a team like vp . 
  their performance was just abysmal . 
  well just keep wrecking those silver scrubs ( just kidding ) and you will get ranked up eventually . 
  well i do not play lol so i ca n't comment on that , but i can tell you that ranking in cs : go feels pretty inconsistent . 
  i 've seen some absurd cases like where some guy got ranked up after losing 8 rounds after a promotion in a row and then winning just one game . 
  medics in ps2 have very good weapons to defend themselves , unlike in tf2 where an equally skilled player will ruin your day if you are alone . 
  dude , you should definitely go and do it . 
  hopefully you do not have anything but you should prepare yourself for the worst . 
  first i lose my all of my important skins in vp vs dig , and now i lost the rest of them in a map which lgb is very good against fn which has played pretty poorly in the recent games . 
  i really should n't listen to the advice which r/csgobetting says , because i was about to bet for the winning team before the analysis . . on both games . 
  oh well , i guess that i do not need skins then . 
  stock ak is a fine skin i guess . . 
  i guess that betting just is n't for me i guess . 
  i usually ca n't do good analyses by myself . 
  i usually just have looked their record and read some other people 's analyses . 
  i 've made pretty far with it but now , it 's all gone .
