it has much more to do with climate and cloud cover than latitude ( although they are related ) . 
  i bet antarctica would trump all of us . 
   23 june is jaanilaup\u00e4ev ( jaan 's saturday ) june 23rd is also victory day which adds a nationalistic touch to the whole drinking-fucking-sauna-drowning business . 
  single house parliament - * riigikogu * with 101 members serving 4-year terms . 
  in elections , every party gets all its candidates ' votes put together and has an internal list which decides who actually goes to the parliament , so if alice and bob are both in a party x and alice gets more votes , bob can still go to the parliament if he 's more favored by the party power structure ( unless alice gets a shit ton of votes ) . 
  as a consequence of this , most mp 's are largely unknown party pawns and seat-fillers who enjoy a 3380 $ salary , legal immunity ( which can be revoked ) and lots of other wonderful benefits . 
  i 'm very sure if i ctrl + f this phrase in the delfi comment section something will pop up . 
   11 months of the first soviet occupation this needs to be stressed . 
  the soviets could never have been considered the liberator in estonia if they were the ones who occupied the country and terrorised its people * first * . 
  yeah , our comment sections are full of proud people beating their chest over how few points we managed to give to `` degenerate austria '' . 
  : / and how russia only got 1 point . 
  ( turns out the televoting gave russia 10 points again but the jury completely leveled that score , most of them placed russia near-last . ), 
   history/law test . 
  there is no history test , you only need to know basic principles of the constitution . 
  this seems to be a common misconception , i 've seen several russians online cry foul that we require some kind of `` our version of history '' test for citizenship . 
  that is simply not true . 
  he said he considers us a nordic country . 
  instantly popular . 
  if it were a truly democratic vote he might lose the vote . 
  estonian salaries are bigger and local russians enjoy having the eu open to them , especially younger people . 
  since almost all our electricity production ( oil shale ) is in ida-viru county i doubt anyone here wants to let it go . 
  the three countries have n't seen any major cooperation since the baltic chain almost 25 years ago . 
  we ca n't even agree on how to build a railway to poland , a shared nuclear power plant or lng terminal . 
  latvia 's and lithuania 's defence spending and military size is smaller than estonia 's , so there is n't much to gain for us anyway . 
  [ tartu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tartu ) is a university town , so it 's perceived as young , free-spirited and bohemian . 
  it 's also considered to be the capital of southern estonia . 
  it 's population is ~ 100 ' 000 , making it more than four times smaller than tallinn . 
  tartu is home to the supreme court of estonia and , as a university town , the ministry of science and education . 
  other than that it 's not very relevant politically and hardly a counterweight to tallinn , where all the action is . 
  northern and southern estonia have been separated many times throughout history , so tartu , for example , has seen polish-lithuanian rule ( which also gave the city its flag ) . 
  it has also seen more bombing and bloodshed than tallinn , since it was won and lost many times in world wars and the war of independence . 
  in wwii much of the city was leveled which is a damn shame , 2014 tartu still looks half-empty . 
  on the [ street view ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/uf03x ) you can actually see that it 's a 1km stretch where stopping is not allowed . 
  a little further down the road ( zoom in ) another sign prohibits pedestrians on the road . 
  how big are your data roaming charges within the eu ? 
  i get 20 mb for 5 $ in the nordic countries , latvia and lithuania ( at which point they cut the data and you need to send an sms for extra ) . 
  apparently there 's also an option to get 50mb for 10 $ . 
  if you use less than the 20mb allotment it 's 0.54 $ / mb . 
  for the rest of the eu it 's 7 $ / 14 $ . 
  price for a single mb is the same . 
  i quite like * kuulilennuteetunneliluuk * , it 's the longest palindrome in estonian . 
  it means something along the lines of `` a bullet 's flyway tunnel hatch '' . 
  sounds like it 's written . 
  [ estonian road signs are in all-caps . 
  `` chipre '' ( cyprus ) sounds adorable . 
  opinion of soviets is very negative . 
  i 'd say almost everyone here regards the ussr to be as bad or worse than nazi germany , as the country suffered considerably more under soviet rule . 
  on russians ... it 's mixed . 
  it would seem the general standpoint is `` if you know how to speak decent estonian , you 're alright '' as estonian nationalism is founded on language . 
  there are tensions and a lot of political splits that stem from the local russians living in a different media space but it has improved over the years and keeps improving . 
  that beautiful all-encompassing granite that the folks up north have . 
  seriously , i 'd be fine with just that . 
  a litre of beer is only two bottles/cans where i come from . 
  that 's something you drink next with dinner or [ in the shower . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/showerbeer ) three litres ( 6 cans ) or possibly more between wednesday and friday is very common for university students here . 
  and this is in a country with a modest beer culture . 
  if you regularly have dinner with a pint and maybe four more with your friends on the weekend then it 's no effort drinking 208 litres a year . 
  i would n't call someone who has 8 beers a week an alcoholic ( what would that make me then ? ), 
  and i do n't think the healthcare system is suffering from people like that . 
  it 's strong alcohol dependency , violent behaviour and drunk driving that are the main problems . 
  heck , i think greasy foods are a bigger concern than someone having a beer a day . 
  sauna burn !, 
  it has the lowest [ age of consent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjtzsl0hxye ) in europe . 
  even communism turned out bullshit . 
  it was just a really shitty version of capitalism . 
  the soviet union did n't really claim to have reached communism , they just kept saying it was a matter of a decade or two before everyone would be truly equal and `` true communism '' was reached . 
  it was a con to serve the select few . 
  at least capitalism is open about it . 
  i actually got this fact from a [ pro-nordic speech our current president gave in 1999 ] ( http://www.vm.ee/?q=node/3329 ) . 
  kinda stuck with me . 
  it 's not strictly atheist , but `` not believeing in a god '' . 
  there is a very large percentage of people who believe in a general force of life or force of nature , a remnant of paganism i guess . 
  also :  according to the most recent eurobarometer poll 2010 , 18 % of estonian citizens responded that `` they believe there is a god '' , whereas 50 % answered that `` they believe there is some sort of spirit or life force '' and 29 % that `` they do not believe there is any sort of spirit , god , or life force '' . 
  it 's actually like 300 km * west * of vienna . 
  anyone wonder what would happen if the soldier had managed to defend himself and kill the attacker as a result ? 
  would the muslim public reaction be the same ? 
  we also recently had a meeting of a couple hundred ordinary citizens called [ rahvakogu . 
  ] ( http://news.err.ee/politics/6fc475c2-3b1b-4315-a94c-729817bff266 ) the president organized it to spark discussion and propose laws for the parliament . 
  there 's discussion about the event , the laws proposed by rahvakogu , whether it was a useful idea and if we should do it again some time . 
  some of our best include : * litsmetsa ( slut forest ) * m\u00f5nuvere ( would translate to something like pleasureton or pleasureville ) * mustaputsi soo ( black cunt bog ) * tupenurme ( vagina field ), 
  the snus thing is really common here too . 
  there are some dudes with their hand in the distribution network , so it 's very common to see snus with a russian warning label ( meant to go east through here ) . 
  this network is wonderful for prices , i can get 10 packs of thunder or nordic for 30 $ , although i stopped doing it . 
  among 15-25 year olds its really common , i only know two or three real smokers but dozens of guys and girls who do snus . 
  i guess it 's better than the tar and lung cancer ... 
  that 's basically what it looks like in estonia as well . 
  i wish snow in the morning could come as a surprise to me ... lucky southeners !, 
  to be fair once i left tallinn i 've had zero use of my russian . 
  i can totally see why kids would pick german in sixth grade instead . 
  stop hating gays . 
  stop being so god damn nationalistic . 
  our country today is safer and more successful than it has ever been and that 's thanks to not being a flag-waving shut-in . 
  we do n't have to beat our chest about 1918 or cry about 1939 , who gives a shit any more ? 
  tallinn 's water supply was privatised in 2001 and they slowly started overcharging for tap water . 
  since tap water is almost always dirt cheap nobody really complained until it turned out they had insane profit margins and the competition authority got upset . 
  i did this with `` halloween '' . 
  it 's really not as serious as you make it sound . 
  coming from a country that has pissed gazprom off several times , it 's either you pay a bit more for your gas ( more than germany ) and keep the distribution network open to competition or you play nice with the russians and enjoy a lower price . 
  in a non-corrupt government the first option is really a no-brainer . 
  ... which is still 16 degrees warmer than here .
