  i 'm not sure if there ever has been any serious interest in joining the nordic council , but there is a general agenda of `` differentiating from the other baltic states '' . 
  the euro and everything that was done to achieve it was a big part in this , for example . 
  as it stands , `` the baltics '' is a bit of a poor umbrella term . 
  estonia and lithuania share almost no common history in the longer term , even the religions are completely different , latvia is sort of inbetween . 
  but `` baltic '' does n't mean anything to us , we 're not balts nor even indo-europeans . 
  there are many countries around the baltic , nothing special really warrants lumping those three together nowadays , except lazy geography . 
  6/6 estonian meps voted against acta . 
  good . 
  if i got a gram for $ 16.40 i 'd be really happy ... : /, 
   the crisis is pretty much over , their debt increased a ton but they still borrow at dirt-cheap rates in their own currency . 
  yeah , but this is bullshit . 
  their debt is n't supposed to increase a ton and they 're not supposed to run a massive deficit for a decade straight . 
  the only reason they get off with this is thanks to the massive influence of the dollar . 
  the us is the worst posterboy for sustainability i could think of . 
  also , latvia * did * borrow extra money . 
  from the imf and from many of its neighbours . 
  nobody 's blaming the germans for orchestrating the bailouts or trying to consolidate fiscal responsibility , but people are upset over the troubled countries and their careless spending . 
  we followed the rules very closely to get the euro and generally believe that everyone else in europe should do the same ( someone even proposed not allowing a deficit to be written in the constitution ) . 
  some people have always been against the euro but the kroon was never anything more than a lydia koidula-clad cheaper version of the german mark or , later , the euro . 
  we had a currency peg and it was simply wasteful for businesses to convert it when trading or for people paying higher interest rates due to potential devaluation risks ( which is why most loans were taken in euros and not in kroons ) . 
  going back just does n't make sense . 
  we do complain because we have to bail out countries that all have a higher standard of living then us . 
  but that 's people writing comments online . 
  nobody is actually going to bother going outside for this . 
  and the political elite generally favours helping . 
  oh well , solidarity and whatnot . 
  if the eurozone wants to mutualise some of its debt , our 7 % public debt wo n't stand a chance . 
  so much for being a good financial citizen . 
  greece should start by dropping its minimum wage . 
  if its economy is n't any more productive than most of eastern europe , how is it sensible to have a minimum wage 2-3x higher than poland , czech republic , hungary or slovakia ? 
  it 's absurd and just makes it harder to employ people if they do n't actually produce this kind of wealth . 
  this title was very hard for me to say out loud quickly . 
  this post is so out of touch with reality that i 'm surprised anyone could upvote it at all . 
  the only sentence that could possibly be factually accurate is `` i 'm an estonian . '', 
  you can tell by the pessimistic doomsday whining . 
  i get my yearly allowance in these notes . 
  it 's rather unnerving to take them to the bank without feeling like my father is a mediterranean mobster . 
  when the sum exceeds $ 5000 , the bank starts asking questions , you have to fill out a form and get security clearance . 
  it still would have . 
  finland is very isolated genetically . 
  i 'm guessing 90 % of estonians ask themselves the same question whenever their country is shown in a positive light ( which happens quite often ) . 
  and i 'm quite sure every other country that used to be on this side of the iron curtain does the same . 
  you hear it all the time , `` what use are stable finances when everybody is leaving and the finns get paid ten times as much as we do ? '', 
  `` how can we be the least corrupt post-soviet nation if there 's so much corruption absolutely everywhere ? '', 
  `` why do we need the euro when the elderly are starving to death ? '', 
  this relentless and hyperbolic pessimism is very annoying . 
  most cee countries have developed insanely considering where they came from , they have integrated politically and economically . 
  hell , they have the chance to avoid many of the western mistakes along the way and could easily outperform some of the more tired economies after a catching up a bit more . 
  sex-ed in estonian schools , at least for the past 10 years , has been solid . 
  nothing is hidden from children and no topic is really taboo . 
  i guess it 's moreso caused by the partying-drinking culture and considerable sexual freedom . 
  if you check out [ this map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/hiv_epidem.png ) , you can see some correlation in the extremities in europe . 
  besides contraception failing ( which happens rarely ) , in what case would n't it be the guy 's fault ? 
  his girlfriend convincing him it 's okay because she * wants to get an abortion ? 
  * edit : i would add that i never implied it was * only * the guy 's fault . 
  my initial post was a joke ( with a bit of bitter truth to it ) and mr_dickenballs put a little absolutist spin to it . 
  in any ( non-rape ) case , the man can always be blamed for not wearing a condom . 
  the woman as well , but the man is always at fault . 
  i can already picture how thousands of young estonian men have convinced their partners that having sex with a condom on is like taking a shower in a raincoat . 
  because there are no real alternatives . 
  but how would you feel if you were told your standard of living for the past decade has been undeservedly high and your nation should probably be not much wealthier than poland ? 
  shoddy build quality and whatnot , yes , but rwd and a cheap as peas price tag make ladas great home rally machines . 
  there are two simple explanations to the `` issues '' in this ridiculous article . 
  1 ) comparatively , in terms of how horrible they were , the german occupation paled in comparison to the russian one , mainly in estonia and latvia . 
  lithuania had considerable jewish populations , they might feel a bit different about them . 
  2 ) in estonia , any volunteers who joined the war joined it on the german side . 
  that 's because of the massive atrocities committed by the russians before the germans arrived in 1941 . 
  there were almost no volunteers for the red army , they had to be drafted forcefully . 
  these `` fascist '' celebrations only celebrate war veterans . 
  and because they could n't fight under the republic of estonia , they did it under the waffen ss . 
  they still had estonian flags on their coats and fought with the hope of being able to get their country back one day . 
  it 's perfectly normal to consider them heroes and celebrate them . 
  russian media loves to spin this to the highest order of bullshit though . 
  and some bleeding heart liberals in the west seem to eat it up , too . 
  this is all basically true . 
  but our strong it sector does n't really carry over that well into actual money making . 
  the biggest use is in public services . 
  there 's a massive citizen portal where you can use either your id card or your mobile phone ( if you have a special mobile id sim ) to access tons of public services . 
  this really is a massive convenience . 
  i 've submitted applications for prolonging the time before i get drafted , registering a permanent residence in a new home and transferring a car 's ownership rights to another person . 
  i did n't need to see my family doctor when i had an infection , she remotely prescribed antibiotics for me and i could pick them up at a pharmacy 500 meters from where i lived . 
  i can vote on all three major elections , do all my banking and taxes , apply for almost any university etc without ever leaving my home . 
  this is fantastic , but private sector it is n't all that special in estonia . 
  skype is the thing everyone 's heard about , but that 's pretty much it . 
  yes , there 's webmedia and playtech and many other quite large it firms , but it 's really not that different from your average computer-savvy european nation . 
  if we had a strong hardware sector to boost our capable software sector , things might be different . 
  but the software sector is getting better on its own , too . 
  computer science is probably the second most publicly funded field after medicine in estonian universities and it 'll soon be introduced to the standard high school curriculum as a voluntary subject . 
  they do have support on the country level , but i do n't think i exaggerate much when i say most of it is thanks to russian-speaking citizens . 
  out of 12 electoral districts in 2011 , ke won three and they all have large populations of ethnic russians . 
  they scored 40 % in lasnam\u00e4e / kesklinn/pirita and a whopping 54.4 % in east-viru . 
  it 's safe to say that if a solid alternative for russian voters should come along ( which it probably wo n't , considering the polarising shit-stirring that ke has been doing for the past 5 years ) , ke could face being the smallest fraction in the parliament . 
  and as semi-reasonable `` inter-opposition '' people are kicked out or leave to other parties , the crucial pensioner base is also falling apart - older voters will keep voting for the people they know and love , not for the next stooge ke puts on the ballot . 
  it 's interesting how news about tallinn in foreign media really fail to adequately reflect what 's actually going on . 
  the city of tallinn is run by a single party , keskerakond ( centre party ) . 
  this party used to be huge , but over the years it 's lost much of its popularity because of massive corruption , shady co-operation with united russia and completely insane political rhetoric . 
  they are in the parliament opposition and every party has ruled out co-operating them as long as their current leader ( edgar savisaar ) is still in charge . 
  so why does this party hold the all-important capital ? 
  it 's because their # 1 support group is russians , tallinn has lots of them and unlike parliament elections , local elections allow non-citizens to vote . 
  the fuhrer of the party , the mayor of tallinn , has lost all credibility among estonian voters and is trying to : a ) use as many idiotic money-wasting populist tricks as possible to keep his last seat until he finally dies of another heart attack or b ) make it really hard for anyone who might take his chair from him , because they would have to balance the budget , repeal this and many other stupid money wasters and somehow still remain popular .
