  i think it 's a stupid game , it 's just a game of `` no cee country wants to be cee '' . 
  if i ever had to make a map dividing europe into north , east and west , however , i 'd use [ this . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/europe_religion_map_en.png ) sure , we 're not really all that religious , but this carries deeper cultural connotations and is n't a bad way of looking at things without making it a gdp comparison map . 
  this post is quite misinforming . 
  * `` public referendum '' is overstating a small-selection opinion poll . 
  for a country where you can vote online for every election , i could n't chime in on tallinn 's pt question because i was out of town at the time . 
  * another thing entirely is to consider whether or not things like this should be put on a ballot any way . 
  taxes are n't put on ballots , why should free pt ? 
  * russians can vote in local elections , which grants savisaar 's party a constant supermajority in city government as the ~ 50 % russian base ( who vote for centre party almost hegemoniusly ) + a handful of pensioners who receive an extra monthly pension from the city vote for him religiously . 
  once he gets another heart attack it 'll be like stalin 's death in lasnam\u00e4e district . 
  * tallinn tv has a very small viewership and is essentially an unnecessary thing to spend money on , but centre party needs to run a huge bureaucracy and employ as many of its own people as it can . 
  while this idea looks progressive and could be utilised well , it 's still a very populist move in nature . 
  if centre should lose tallinn this autumn the new coalition would have to abolish free pt and deal with the ensuing shit storm . 
  centre is a nasty leftover from a time when politics in estonia were dirtier . 
  out of all the old farts still in power , theirs smells the worst . 
  exactly . 
  paul krugman made this mistake as well . 
  there is a lot more to cost of living than supermarket prices . 
  baltic markets are small and have less competition , so it 's easier to jack up certain prices and international brands or products ( like coke , mcdonalds , ipods or petrol ) are not a good basis for comparison as well . 
  compare things like real estate , rent , heating , electricity , internet and other permanent costs . 
  tourists do n't believe me if i tell them what my rent is . 
  finnish joulu in singular , estonian j\u00f5ulud in plural . 
  weird . 
  my high school physics teacher used to say blonde guys ca n't do top-of-the-line physics . 
  i wo n't say anything for or against that , since this map does imply some strange correlation in this case with maths and he was really old , but i will say it 's a different mentality to teaching . 
  estonia , much alike finland , does well in oecd education rankings because the system is geared towards covering as many students as possible and it focuses on the average student . 
  maths olympiads do quite the opposite . 
  i have participated in several local ones , as well as a competition between the schools of two counties in estonia . 
  this competition was dominated by russian schools who had much more intensive teaching for the select few . 
  however , compare national math exam results and it 's not quite the same . 
  i know they had those pictures in thailand . 
  made it harder for me to distinguish individual brands . 
  maybe they did n't count the alcohol bought and consumed 80 kilometres south of helsinki . 
  i will strongly stick to stereotyping my alcoholic northern brothers !, 
  a powerlifter in my local gym skipped showering because - i kid you not - a black guy was there . 
  i think the vw passat estate is by far the most common car in estonia . 
  remember , recently sold cars are only a fraction of what you see on the streets . 
  it 's hypocrisy at its best . 
  apparently western people are brainwashed with homo propaganda but living in the soviet union made everyone there a critical thinker . 
  oh , except the russians supporting putin of course . 
  that 's soviet propaganda . 
  i read this in mika h\u00e4kkinen 's voice . 
  oddly enough i 've never really encountered this sentiment among estonians . 
  we really like our women . 
  i just wish we had granite everywhere like in finland . 
  day length is a function of latitude , yes , but it depends on the season . 
  britain has more daylight during summer and the same amount of daylight less in the winter . 
  the yearly total is basically the same ( not accounting for clouds ) . 
  i think [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wayluihcthu ) would make a great anthem . 
   faroe islands, 
  our national defense policy is in fact security through obscurity . 
  they ca n't attack us if they do n't know where or what we are . 
  if you do n't have some sort of unlimited plan then yes , you do . 
   obvious username is obvious ` matude ' is short for ` mati nuude ? ', 
  hey mate , i 've been to your country twice and i have to say you are many miles ahead . 
  stronger heavy industry , healthier economy with more small businesses , excellent location in central europe , better and cheaper beers and an all-in-all nicer look . 
  and to top it off , better weather . 
  the only advantage we really have is the sea . 
  and i 've guess we 've been better at defenestrating our corrupt politicians than several worse off ex-coms . 
  i think we have a good chance of being the first fully westernised ex - * ussr * country , fighting lithuania for the position . 
  but the czechs along with slovaks and slovenes will remain a step ahead in terms of material wealth and living standard for many years to come . 
  itt : everyone nominates their own university towns . 
  so i 'm gon na say [ tartu . 
  is that how it works ? 
  [ because here 's one i took a picture of in poprad , slovakia . 
  and how many of them wore top hats during the industrial revolution ? 
  it felt out of place . 
  but hey , that 's a minor complaint compared to how corny the whole thing looked in general . 
  the bit with children was like one of the worse episodes of doctor who . 
  they seemed to go way out of there way to make sure every little minority was included on camera . 
  especially in the `` british history '' bit . 
  kinda felt out of place at times . 
  i thought it was insanely cheesy and the took the idea of political correctness a bit too far which made the entire thing seem a bit fake . 
  sure , there were some good bits in it , but as a whole it really fell flat imho . 
  basically true , but very poorly worded . 
  citizenship is a political right . 
  the process of acquiring it is only a matter of learning a decent level of estonian ( since the constitution exam is much simpler ) . 
  and the children of non-citizens can still get the citizenship for free . 
   and discrimination is still rampant . 
  it is still harder for an ethnic russian to find a job . 
  i find this to be hard to believe . 
  simple employer level discrimination is frowned upon . 
  it 's just that not speaking estonian is a major hurdle for getting a job ( for very obvious reasons - communication in the workplace or with customers ) , but even that does n't stop thousands of taxi drivers , metal workers , oil shale miners etc from finding work . 
  and people are generally friendly and welcoming towards russians who speak estonian , even if it 's with a thick accent . 
  estonia has a single state language the requirement for any citizen or communication-heavy worker to speak it is pretty reasonable in my opinion . 
  and these days most russians do . 
  please state which basic rights are denied to ethnic russians in estonia . 
  i hung around with a bunch of icelandic ( choir ) girls in tallinn a little more than a ago . 
  two things struck me as kind of funny : 1 ) they live in a country that has a smaller population than our ( small ) capital and 2 ) we met them at a mcdonalds . 
  i guess they felt nostalgic when they saw it . 
  oh , and your songs are really beautiful !, 
  i ca n't wait to be wealthy enough to visit as well , chillax in your thermal pools and drink the most expensive beer in the world . 
   there are also a lot of common things between finland and estonia , like the language ( tere \u00f5htust ! ), 
  and the fact that both of us have been under swedish rule during the course of our history . 
  ... and the fact that we are both reserved , quite irreligious and alcoholics . 
  semi-serious . 
  the nordic countries are generally set as a strong example for us ( with a few exceptions that we could avoid ) . 
  estonians widely regard themselves as nordic people , in a purely geographic and cultural sense . 
  in estonian there 's a difference between the political north and the cultural-geographical north , we usually relate ourselves to the latter . 
  our president made a speech about it years ago as a foreign minister , less serious propositions have included changing the international country name to the more germanic and historic estland as well as opting a nordic cross flag ( the design of which looks badass in my opinion , but obviously the nationalist romantics shot this idea down on sight because of the historic tricolour etc ) .
