  and no big deal , he said ` in that case ' , it clearly means he does n't want to do anything bad . 
  oh wow , that was clearly an overreaction , he was just talking about invading to scare us , and we stupidly believed he would do it . 
  :( by the way , france at that point was not really close to what we would call monarchy , which would be absolute monarchy , and is what i was talking about . 
  the kind of monarchy louis xvi enjoyed before the revolution . 
  he was a puppet monarch by then . 
  also , by belgium , i assume you talk about austrian-empire-belgium ( the same austria we were now at war with ) , not highway-to-france independant belgium , the one you learned about in school , yes ? 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  so , first you claim that he only said , in essence , `` do what you want in your own country , but do n't harm my sister '' , and now , the declaration says they will do nothing ? 
   they trust that this interest will not fail to be recognized by the powers , ** whose aid is solicited ; and that in consequence they will not refuse to employ , in conjunction with their said majesties , the most efficient means , in proportion to their resources , to place the king of france in a position to establish ** , [ ... ] the foundations of a monarchical form of government [ ... ] . 
  ** in that case their said majesties the emperor and the king of prussia are resolved to act promptly and in common accord with the forces necessary to obtain the desired common end . 
  ** come help us , let 's invade france and restore the monarchy !, 
  how is that not clearly hostile ? 
  sure , it 's not a fully fledged declaration of war , but it 's damn close to it . 
  what do you think would have been the best response to that ? 
  wait until they gather all their friends to invade ? 
  this is just ridiculous . 
   `` do what you want in your own country , but do n't harm my sister . '', 
  seriously ? 
  is that what * you * learn in school ? 
  here 's the text of the [ declaration of pillnitz ] ( http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/declaration_of_pillnitz ) :  his majesty the emperor and his majesty the king of prussia , having given attention to the wishes and representations of monsieur , and of monsieur le comte d'artois , jointly declare that they regard the present situation of his majesty the king of france as a matter of common interest to all the sovereigns of europe . 
  they trust that this interest will not fail to be recognized by the powers , whose aid is solicited ; and that in consequence they will not refuse to employ , in conjunction with their said majesties , the most efficient means , in proportion to their resources , to place the king of france in a position to establish , with the most absolute freedom , the foundations of a monarchical form of government , which shall at once be in harmony with the rights of sovereigns and promote the welfare of the french nation . 
  in that case their said majesties the emperor and the king of prussia are resolved to act promptly and in common accord with the forces necessary to obtain the desired common end . 
   in the meantime they will give such orders to their troops as are necessary in order that these may be ready to be called into active service . 
   frederick william . 
   pillnitz , august 27 , 1791 it says ` hello , we 're going to invade your country and put the king back on the throne ' , not `` do what you want in your own country , but do n't harm my sister . '', 
  this , sent right after the king tried to escape abroad and was caught not far from the border . 
  the french assembly then sent an ultimatum to the emperor of austria , asking it to renounce this letter , which clearly spells out hostile intentions . 
  the emperor did n't answer , france declared war . 
  sure , we greatly expanded our territory and occupied most of europe due to our military successes , and you can be against that , i certainly understand . 
  but to say that we were the aggressor - when all the monarchs in europe were gearing up for war against us to reestablish the king - is just ridiculous . 
   when france declared war you mean , after the threats of war from european powers , and armies being mobilized ? 
  oh yes , let 's casually ignore * why * the french republic had to declare war on prussia after threats were made , while armies were being raised . 
  let 's also ignore how those powers conspired against the french revolution , trying to put the king back in power , etc. 
  that was very much a defensive war forced on us . 
  we just happened to be the first to strike , which is pretty sensible when all of europe is out for your blood . 
  maybe that 's related to the fact that napoleon was n't the aggressor , only the french answer to 10 years of war by all the european powers combined to destroy the french revolution and it 's ideals . 
  and yet you idiotically compare him to hitler for some reason . 
  similarly , you call him a dictator , as if every other country in europe was n't ruled by a monarch back then . 
  this is seriously ridiculous . 
  we are very much aware of the european distaste for napoleon , we just do n't share it , for obvious reasons , and they 've got nothing to do with rose tinted glasses . 
  in fact , many french people have a dislike for napoleon too , but they do n't ignore how and why he came to power . 
  who says they were treated like slaves ? 
  i mean , some of them certainly like complaining about a lot of things , but since when is being fed and sheltered ( even poorly ) being treated like a slave ? 
  state of emergency , you can raid just about anybody , for just about any reason . 
  they 're probably raiding everybody they have suspected to be connected to terrorism these last few years , but could n't raid because of a lack of evidence , and hoping something turns up . 
  it does n't have to be weapons . 
  contacts , phones , emails , etc , can all be useful . 
  you are assuming they raided only for weapons . 
  that 's unlikely . 
   the rest of the eu will be delighted we are gone let alone looking for revenge . 
  they do n't want us . 
  we are a drag on their vision of a us of europe . 
  first , that 's false . 
  it not that we do n't want you , it 's that we do n't want you to be such a fucking pain in the ass . 
  second , it 's not a matter of revenge . 
  letting the uk leave painlessly , and allowing them to then immediately join the efta , sends the message that you can leave the eu at the first sign of a difficulty , or for the slightest disagreement , with little to no consequence . 
  you get all the benefits of the union , with no risk at all . 
  i do n't think that 's a message european institutions and pro-european governments would like to send right now . 
  so what ? 
  being possible and being likely are two very different things . 
  let 's be honest here , the european institutions would have * zero * incentive to make it easy and painless for the uk . 
  on the contrary . 
  and that 's even assuming the uk , after leaving to ` regain it 's sovereignty ' or whatever , would even * want * to come back in the efta , to be subject to the exact same european laws they just left , without being able to vote on those . 
  the uk would have to join the eea/efta first , right after leaving the eu . 
  that might take a while . 
  a long while even . 
  you ca n't leave us hanging , what is it ? 
  a veto could be acceptable if it required something like 2/3 of the parliaments , but certainly not with anything approaching 1/3 , that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  nothing would ever get done ( and that 's probably cameron 's wet dream ) . 
  even the legalisation of gay marriage was done in the worst possible way . 
  when you need something like 6 months to pass something as consensual as that , with a majority in both chambers , you 're doing something very wrong . 
   do n't extend the maginot line up to the sea ftfy, 
  because fuck you , that 's why . 
  i 'm not quite sure , some of the rules concerning the media and polling institutes are only set during a very specific period before the election . 
  this might be one of those . 
  that 's pretty much the point , yes . 
  a quick google search tells me 3-4 meters per year : http://www.dune-pyla.com/en/the-present-displacement-of-the-great-dune-of-pyla.html, 
  if you look closely on the forest side , you can see trees being swallowed by the dune . 
  it 's moving . 
  what are they going to do about it ? 
  shut down my nuclear power plant ? 
  [ big indian . 
  the purpose of the cap is not for europe to produce it 's own food in case of emergency , nuclear winter or whatever . 
  it 's not to produce what we need for survival . 
  the purpose is to keep an agricultural production capability . 
  not an emergency capability , a real one , where we feed ourselves pretty well without having to rely on outside help . 
  for that we need to keep actively farmed land , know-how in the form of people who actually know what the fuck they 're doing on a farm , and heavy machinery . 
  you ca n't do that with onions , because no one gives a shit about onions . 
  what are you going to do with your onions , who 's going to buy them while there is everything else ? 
  and if you do n't produce enough to be able to feed everyone in europe , your plan is worthless because you wo n't be able to meaningfully increase production by orders of magnitude in any useful time scale should the need arise . 
  so , you need to produce a massive amount of onions and other stuff that no one wants in anything close to the quantities you need to produce to keep your agricultural capacity intact , and then what , do they go to waste ? 
  so much for efficiency . 
  yes , we aid wine producers . 
  but the land they use and their machinery could be used for other purposes should the need arise . 
  once the land is n't farmed anymore , it 's going to be built up , or abandoned , and then you ca n't easily kick it back into production . 
  even worse if you do n't have the machinery or the people knowing how to use it . 
  again , the problem with your thinking is that you 're thinking of emergencies , when the cap is here so that we * never * get to the point where our food supply is being threatened . 
  if we produce a lot of food inside europe , then we have control over it . 
  that means a lot . 
  it means we do n't risk a famine because a war broke out in dumbfuckistan again .
