disclaimer : no kebab has been harmed in the making of this video . 
  160km/h is n't high speed at all though . 
  tgv goes at 300-320km / h on old rail lines in france , which gives a travel time of 5 hours . 
  the new lines are constructed with an objective of 360km/h , which would reduce the time to around 4h25 . 
  it 's a bit more acceptable , though still not really competitive with the plane . 
  helsinki-berlin is n't necessarily the goal though , there are other capital cities on the way and even if the train itself goes all the way , most people would probably only do part of the trip , with very competitive travel times . 
  and who made that * possible * ? 
  without * decades * of governments running space programs , there would be no space industry , and absolutely none of the direct and derived benefits we see today as a result of those programs . 
  hum , no . 
  the us entered the war because of pearl harbor . 
  granted , the us leadership already wanted to enter the war at that point , but still . 
  at that point of the war , the only reason soviets armies were close to the border of nazi germany was because that border was 24km ( 15 miles ) from moscow ( on 2nd december 1941 ) . 
  unless they are specifically trained for this role , like the gendarmerie in france , you do * not * want soldiers to pretend to be policemen . 
  you do n't keep the peace with assault rifles . 
  well , to be fair , that 's very probably true , technically . 
  of course , it 's got nothing to do with the eu and everything to do with people making babies , but that does ` nt make a good story . 
   well , it sounds like you and i both want the same thing then . 
  we both want the uk to leave the eu . 
  though i think britain and france will still be able to trade and co-operate in all kinds of ways , as we have managed these last 1,000 years . 
  no , you are mistaken . 
  what i want from the uk is to decide whether you want in or out . 
  i do n't necessarily want you to leave , it 's just that the current situation having you whining all the time and sabording a lot of potential is not tenable in the long run . 
  i want you to either commit to the eu and work with us , or gtfo . 
  it certainly would n't prevent us from trading with you either way . 
  but it probably would n't be in your advantage to leave , and i certainly would n't want our government to accept the uk 's blackmail . 
  i also certainly would n't want it to give the uk preferential treatment over other countries . 
  right now you guys act like you 're the only ones making sacrifices for the eu , and everyone is taking advantage of you . 
  this is utterly false , and incredibly insulting to all the other members , france included . 
  as to brussels being foreign , it 's a parliament and government you are part of . 
  it is a trans-national body , but i completely disagree with you on it being foreign . 
  while you indeed gave it a good chunk of sovereignty , so did everyone else . 
  leaving the eu does not guarantee at all that you would get back all or even most of that sovereignty . 
  on the contrary , you would still have to obey a great deal of legislation on which you would have no say . 
  i do n't blame you for wanting yo leave . 
  that 's your opinion and all . 
  i do believe , however , that it is pretty delusional , and that 's the point i 'm trying to make here . 
  i do n't think leaving the eu could accomplish all of the goals you have in mind , simply because allowing you to do so would be absolutely contrary to the best interests of the eu . 
   this is currently the case . 
  no it 's not . 
  you 're an integral part of it , it 's not a foreign entity . 
   what is your own view ? 
  how would you feel if the uk left the eu ? 
  why do you even mind ? 
  i would say good riddance . 
  i 'm pretty tired of the uk 's bullshit actually . 
  however , i would be of the opinion that if you go out , you 're on your own . 
  do n't even dream about the single market . 
  obviously , the reality is always more complicated , and politics have to be pragmatic , but let 's not fool ourselves here . 
  you 're not a gigantic gas station like russia is . 
  you do n't really have that kind of influence . 
  as to switzerland 's case , it remains to be seen what will happen when the federal council and federal assembly act on the february referendum . 
  it does n't look pretty though . 
   this all depends on what is negotiated . 
  no , it does n't . 
  members of the eea ( that 's the single market ) have to abide by eu laws . 
  you seem to be assuming that the uk is important enough to be able to negociate special rules just for themselves . 
  no country in the eu is going to accept that . 
  that is , if we would even accept you back in the eea after you leave the eu . 
  that 's a big if . 
   sovereignty . 
  an end to `` ever closer union '' . 
  a refocusing of the british economy to the growing parts of the world . 
  that 's quite the opposite actually . 
  by leaving the eu , brussels would become a foreign entity , which would still dictate your laws and regulations for the most part . 
  you would have no way to influence that , and could only avoid it by leaving the single market entirely . 
  you would essentially give up most of your sovereignty , that 's precisely the problem . 
  and , you can already refocus your economy on the rest of the world if you want to , the eu is not preventing you from doing so . 
  giving up a major chunk of your national sovereignty to a now-foreign entity is a pretty big downside i can see . 
   there may be a net benefit to britain by leaving as can have total control on trade that just takes place within the uk , or trade with nations outside the eea . 
  precisely , no you ca n't , because eu laws will apply just the same . 
  a better way to go about it is , what would * you * expect to win from this ? 
  they wo n't be . 
  except for the eu laws on agriculture and fisheries which you would n't have to adopt . 
  all of the other eu laws will be the same , and you will still have to adopt them . 
  you will not , however , be able to vote on them , or introduce amendments in the eu parliament , or be part of the eu council , etc. 
  you would n't have any real influence on those laws , but would have to adopt them anyway . 
   something that you can be a part of without being in the eu . 
  just like ~ ~ turkey ~ ~ norway is . 
  and you know what ? 
  being members of the eea means they have to adopt almost all eu legislation , except for agriculture and fisheries . 
  but they do n't get to vote on those . 
  if you do n't like the current situation , just wait until you still have to adopt those laws but ca n't vote on them . 
  same for the question about orange . 
  actually a lot of the questions in there are football-related . 
  also , the way i was explained that rule , apparently they mostly care if it 's on a default sub with high traffic . 
  / r/europe is n't default ( i think ) and has less subscribers than polandball anyway . 
  same in bordeaux , public transport is free until sunday included . 
  same name , different area . 
  the macedonia alexander is from is part of greece . 
   any ordinary person who has spent some time in france will have been puzzled by the unpredictable internet and mobile connections in a country where services are by and large among the world 's best . 
  it is not only in remote rural regions that you have to run up a hill waving your mobile to send a text . 
  the left bank in paris can also feel like the pyrenees . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  this guy did n't set foot in france the last fifteen years or what ? 
  what a nice , baseless accusation . 
  how about some kind of proof instead of some bullshit speculative allegations ? 
  sure looks like a gold nugget though . 
  the uk had 34 % turnout for 73 seats , france 40 % turnout for 74 seats , germany 43 % with 94 seats , poland 24 % with 51 seats , and so on ... those are not nations with a low number of seats , yet they do n't even have half the population voting in the election . 
  i find it pretty scary . 
  these turnout numbers are fucking scary .
