  the russians also use kourou for some of their launches now : http://en.ria.ru/science/20130827/182998064.html, 
  well , is the entire infrastructure made of plastic ? 
  it 's hard enough to redo the entire plumbing of an old house , imagine doing that at the scale of an island . 
  plus , you now have two pipe networks , which you have to maintain , and sewage sea water you have to treat ( how the fuck do you treat sea water ) . 
  add to that all the unforeseen problems . 
  basically it would be a nightmare . 
  m it would very probably be easier to have dessalination plants , but those cost money and may not make economical sense at the scale of those islands . 
  might work , plus they appear to have a surplus of that lately . 
  i 'm affraid tears also have salt in them . 
  seawater has a tendency to corrode pipes like hell . 
  holland is getting a lot of shit from a lot of people on all sides , but he was dealt the shittiest hand in a long time too . 
  that 's not how it 's works . 
  it 's a european directive , which means it 's not worth much on it 's own until it is implemented into an actual law by the member states . 
  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directive_ ( european_union ), 
  please tell me , how 's gay marriage working in awesome bulgaria ? 
  oh right , it 's prohibited by the constitution . 
  technically , that 's a second world problem in his case . 
  that 's precisely the point those people disagree with , we have gay adoption now . 
  well we always had it actually , gays were already able to adopt as a single parent , but now they can do so as a couple , which changes a lot of things for the better . 
  for example , say two men live together , one adopts . 
  they both love the child and care for him , etc. 
  let 's say the one who adopted the child dies . 
  well since the other `` parent '' is n't considered a parent at all under the law , he ca n't keep the child , even though the child loves him and considers him one of his parents . 
  so the child will be put in a foster home or something even though the other parent wants to keep him . 
  it 's pretty fucked up for everyone . 
  there are probably also inheritance problems because of this situation . 
  and now it 's been solved . 
  they can adopt a child as a couple , like any other couple . 
  well , it seems they have a point when they say that the title `` right to be forgotten '' could lead to unrealistic expectations . 
  your example with bob , 14 , is pretty misleading . 
  first of all , the chain of events that you assume is * very * specific , and probably something quite rare . 
  first of all , since bob is 14 , it is probably illegal in a number of european countries to identify him against his will and the will of his parents , especially in print . 
  second , the chain of events in itself is pretty unlikely . 
  even though , that law would help bob erase at least part of the data , which is still better than nothing . 
  in conjunction with other laws , it could help a great deal alleviating some of the current problems . 
  i agree that it is n't perfect , and with the internet , it 's obvious that nobody is going to be able to erase all information available about them if it has sufficiently spread . 
  however , for a great many people , the spread will be limited to a few websites , and as such easily targettable . 
  others , such as bob , might be shit out of luck , but that is a minority , and the law could at least help them reduce the exposure . 
  that 's not how the right to be forgotten works . 
  you can ask the website to delete the information that you uploaded , or that they collected , not every mention of your name made by someone . 
  right from the article :  the right will not apply to journalistic archives , comments on articles or posts by bloggers , who will be exempted on the grounds of freedom of expression . 
  material posted by other people -- friends or antagonists -- would also remain unaffected : there is an exemption in data protection regulations for material of a `` personal or household '' nature . 
  it actually is . 
  noscript , while not present everywhere , is still a rather popular extention ( 2 million users on firefox ) . 
  usually , you have indications that content is missing , in which case you selectively enable javascript from certain domains . 
  there is no such indication here , which is * bad practice * . 
  it just looks like your regular `` like me on facebook '' page , and that 's usually enough to have me close the tab and never look back . 
  i do n't have facebook , nor do i want it . 
  if your project , or learning what your project actually is , requires me to go your facebook page and `` like '' it , that 's your loss . 
  they also do n't have alternative text in case javascript is disabled , so with noscript you do n't even see the video presentation , just `` go on facebook and like us '' . 
  you have it backwards . 
  he was friend with all the rich/lobbyists . 
  so much friend that they apparently gave him a ton of money in the form of illegal campaign donations . 
  also , the article talks about a prosecutor . 
  it 's actually an investigating magistrate , a special kind of judge we have in france . 
  it 's much , much worse than having a prosecutor on your ass . 
  baguette , cheese , bayonne ham , coffee . 
  sometimes croissants or chocolatines . 
   when you pay with your card at a restaurant or caf\u00e9 , you usually type in the amount you want to pay yourself . 
  not in france at least . 
  here the waiter types it in the machine , you just enter your pin . 
  if you want to leave a tip , you usually give an additional amount of cash . 
  probably not because ( google translate ) :  large russian companies , as gapzrom ( gas ) , severstal ( steel ) or rosatom ( nuclear ) all have significant economic interests in the neighboring countries of mali . 
  `` these have everything to lose from a destabilization of the region , '' says former ambassador to mali , evgueni korendiassov . 
  [ here ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=fr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.lefigaro.fr%2finternational%2f2013%2f01%2f18%2f01003-20130118artfig00569-mali-moscou-promet-une-aide-militaire-a-la-france.php ) . 
  well it 's not like there 's anything or anyone important there , right ? 
  well , another nice theory for the origins of the atlantis myth . 
  the examples are unrelated to the fact the others are trying to prove , thus can be summarily dismissed . 
  the point is not to prove that shareholders can sue for a variety of reasons , which is an established fact , but that they can sue specifically because the company did n't arrange the most evasive tax regime . 
  still no example of that , those that were cited are completely unrelated and useless . 
  providing a better service does n't work if they can just go 1km over the border and have all the services we pay for , while not paying themselves . 
  that 's precisely the problem here . 
  [ wikipedia - budget of the eu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients ) that data is from 2009 , and clearly shows poland as still being the biggest beneficiary by * far * in terms of the raw amount . 
  the per capita amount is lower , but it 's still pretty high in terms of it 's percentage of gdp ( just above greece 's ) . 
  anyway , it 's fairly recent data , but it would n't surprise me if the data from 20 years ago was similar , or even higher ( for the per capita and % of gdp data , at least ) . 
   germany did n't start ww1 ... oh , yeah , and your blank cheque to austria-hungary was just an attempt at calming things down . 
  and the reference went right over your head . 
  the black and caspian seas are also painted yellow . 
  the people who made this were shit geographers . 
  still can not into nordic, 
  yeah , not really , actually . 
  barbarians represented a fairly sizable part of rome 's legions . 
  yeah , but it was n't the usa !, 
  but i am aware of the rich cultures in both north and south pre-columbian america , i can assure you . 
  also , it was just a joke . 
  oh , someone 's butthurt because their country is n't even a quarter of a millenium old !, 
  easy : germany wanted the euro , it 's all their fault . 
  see ? 
  obviously , the change was much more marked with ww2 , but ww1 shows the begining of that . 
  reading what you wrote , one would get the image of very disciplined armies , respectful of civillians , etc , when it certainly was n't the case in belgium and other places . 
  your claim that the public was mostly unaffected is also absolutely unwarranted . 
  sure , maybe the * british * public was mostly unaffected , being an island and all that , but the starving germans ( the goal of the allied blockade of germany was to starve the germans out ) , the displaced french ( the whole northeast of france was a lunar landscape ) , and the murdered belgians among others , would probably disagree with that statement . 
  and that 's only for the western front . 
  on the eastern front , for example , you have the armenians feeling the shitty end of this gentlemen 's warfare . 
  again , you are right that ww2 was much worse on a lot of those points , but ww1 was really the begining of all this , as the person you originally replied to was stating . 
  you kinda forgot the [ rape of belgium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_rape_of_belgium ) here . 
   a modern equivalent to this is asking the un security council for a mandate to attack someone . 
  it shows that you mean business , but the answer will be `` no '' . 
  so if obama were to say that he wants to go to war with syria , but only with a un mandate , it means he does n't want to go to war with syria . 
  oh , i see , so just like bush and iraq then , right ?
