i am from veneto , even worse here, 
  this game is getting funnier and funnier . 
  the more erdogan try to take down stuff he does not like , the more people start to fuck with it . 
  if i had any artistic skill i would draw something funny about erdogan too , just to mess with him . 
  i love you internet, 
  am i wrong or the 7th picture is the milan duomo ? 
  it 's a little weird . 
  orban recently called for an eu army , his opinion about europe is confusing . 
  two-tailed dog party ? 
  i am a little bit confused . 
  both sides just exaggerate everything . 
  `` s\u00ec '' people just brag about how our country will be more modern , fast and efficent , but no way a single reform will change our country that much . 
  `` no '' people try to scare the voters saying that it will turn italy in a non-democratic country and the winning party will have dictatorship-like powers , and it still does n't make any sense because i think our constitution is still well defended by indipendent institutions that limit the government power . 
  it is more a political vote to say if you like and dislike renzi and it so sad to see those people misunderstandig so badly the real idea of democracy . 
  democracy is about ideas , not people . 
  it is not about renzi , berlusconi , le pen , trump , obama , cameron , farage , merkel , those are just people . 
  democracy is about voting ideas and proposal that suit the most our interests and our needs . 
  voting nowadays is just a mediatic game , real ideas are gone , it 's sad . 
  in italy a law must be voted in the chamber and the senate to be approved , and if the law is changed in one of the two parliaments the other one has to vote the changed law . 
  the reform would cut the senate power , reducing the number of senators ( from 315 to 100 ) that would not be elected directly in an election but nominated from local governments ( regions , city councils ) to represent them in the national level . 
  approving laws will be much faster with only one parliament with full power . 
  the reform also changes the number of signatures to require a referendum , will reduce the quorum for the referendums ( if they get over 800000 signatures i guess ) , abolishing the cnel ( that i do n't really know what it does ) and other minor changes that i do n't remember that well now . 
  it was not a perfect explanation , but it 's still something , if someone knows the referendum better than me i hope that could make a better eli5, 
  the thing that worries me a little bit it 's early elections if the reform does n't pass . 
  if we vote today , m5s would win and i do n't trust them completely . 
  i mean , they are still way better than salvini and meloni , but the chaos they have in rome makes me wonder about their ability to govern a country . 
  i hope they prove me wrong , i just want to see good politicians , i do n't care which party are they from . 
  i actually like the reform ( not everything but it 's better than the current situation ) but i know a lot of people who do n't and they have quite good reasons , it 's not an easy choice . 
  probably `` no '' will win , polls show them getting ahead . 
  there are so many undecided voters , the text of the law is not that easy to understand without explanations . 
  probably . 
  he promised so when he proposed the referendum , but now the polls are getting negative because people think is a `` renzi in/out referendum '', 
  you are speaking about one of the greatest empires in human history . 
  french was the international diplomatic language , paris the cultural capital of the world . 
  saying `` france has never been multicultural '' is an exaggeration, 
  not a big problem . 
  italians did n't know what being an italian means 150 years ago and we are still trying to find an answer , not such a big deal . 
  his son is spectacular idiot . 
  he is one of italy 's favorite laughing stock http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/08/italys-last-prince-is-selling-pasta-from-a-california-food-truck/, 
  thanks !, 
  when it will be decided the final treaty ( if us and eu commission find an agreement ) , will it be voted by the parlaments of the member states ? 
  well ... savoias are aweful . 
  they brought us into wwi and they let a fascist regime taking power . 
  shame on them, 
  one of my friends was a volunteer for a week in idomeni ( bringing food , blankets , toothpaste , ... ) and i obviously believe him more than the politicians that speak and have never been there . 
  it is the hell on earth . 
  horrible place , people are treated like animals , women are giving birth inside their tents and the food is never enough for the number of people there . 
  they told him about their travel by sea and the reason why they are in greece . 
  people do n't leave the place where they have friends , family and memories because they just feel like moving to europe . 
  they do it because they want to survive . 
  by the way , crossing the sea over a boat barely floating is incredibly dangerous . 
  please be human . 
  i understand the point of people saying `` we can not welcome them all '' and because they are scared that a huge amount of foreign people will change the city they live in and they love . 
  they are right , change must not be so fast , people are proud of their heritage and fell endangered . 
  but i think we need a united effort to solve the problem . 
  i would be willing to pay a tax to build safe hotspots over the middle east , north africa and europe . 
  camps with water , electricity , food , beds and security . 
  this way we avoid the cultural shock of a mass migration and we still treat those people as human beings . 
  it is going to be expensive , but i think some people would prefer paying to welcome them over welcoming them in their house . 
  well , italian median wage is 300 $ lower than the spanish one . 
  i think is because the huge difference between the north and the south, 
  this is why i think a minimum wage would be important to avoid this kind of situation, 
  also eu has strict regulations of the fishing market and i think norway prefer to give more freedom to fishermen over the kinds of species they can sell, 
  well ... back to lira and the good old times when the banca d'italia was printing money to bay back the debt ? 
  no , thanks . 
  i can not even think how expensive materials such oil ( so energy and plastic ) , iron , wheat and other stuff made outside italy would be . 
  sure , more people would find italian stuff cheaper , but borrowing money ( for privates and the state ) would be crazy expensive because of high interests . 
  i am not saying that we will be as bad as venezuela , in am just saying that remaining in the eurozone is the lesser of the two evils, 
  we should change the way we vote . 
  it is important to consider not only the best candidate we want , but also to say which candidate we do n't like at all . 
  france was a good example . 
  it seems 30 % of the people really like fn in france , but the remainig 70 % would rather elect anyone else than them . 
  if you have a system `` first wins the post '' , 30 % of the people would decide for everyone . 
  if you can decide not only your favourite candidate ( ranked first ) but also a second and third favourite candidates , i would be more democratic . 
  pratical example about italy : i do n't really like italian major parties and probably i am going to vote for a small candidate that would fit my view . 
  there are three major coalitions in italy : the left ( pd ) , the internet movement ( m5s is really hard to describe ) and the right ( fi and ln ) . 
  i would cast my local candidate with the number 1 , and i would give my second and third preference to pd and m5s mainly because i kinda like some of their ideas and i do n't like fi and ln at all ( it 's my opinion , you can decide whoever you like ) . 
  using this system you avoid the risk of electing an extremely polarizing candidate that many people like , but a lot of people dislike and rather go with something that makes the mayority of the population happy or `` meh '' about the goverment . 
  this way , a candidate maybe not strong as merkel but way less unpopular and controversial could lead germany making less people unhappy about the current situation edit : a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y3je3b8hse ) to explain it a little better, 
  i disagree . 
  more military spending on both sides means an increased likelihood of conflict . 
  we live in 2017 , we have n't seen war in more than 70 years . 
  in our republican history , we went to war only following nato missions around the globe , never on our own . 
  after ww2 italy and germany just gave up the concept of war . 
  just a massive amount of money spent in something that destoys everything rather than build anything . 
  the germans at least have money , we do n't . 
  i am not going to support any politician that supports more military spending . 
  we have to build modern school , roads , hospitals . 
  so many buildings from the 60s , 70s , 80s and 90s need to be rebuilt . 
  i do n't care about the orange guy yelling dumb stuff . 
  we ca n't spend that much money in something so wasteful . 
  italy in its own constitution is declared a pacifist country , and we should act like one . 
  i do n't care if we leave nato . 
  we have no enemies ( at least close to us ) , we only need an army big enough to manage migrations and handle terrorism . 
  i would n't mind keep a strong navy , we have to protect ours and european interests in the mediterranean sea . 
  we should push for and united european effort , it would be more efficient and less expensive . 
  just be honest , without the us and its conflicts , european nations would n't have so many enemies around the world . 
  we are peaceful people living in peaceful nations ( if you forget about france , they seem to like wars more than others ) , it 's a fact . 
  we could turn neutral like our beloved swiss and austrian neighbors and nothing would really change for us ordinary italians . 
  or we could join and united european army .
