  we do n't need the us military , no one is going to attack italy . 
  in italy you have to get a taxi license to work . 
  it 's expensive , really expensive . 
  uber drivers do n't need a license , giving them an unfair advantage . 
  i am not a fan of both taxis and uber , i think a lot of taxi drivers are too expensive and sometimes rude ( expecially in big cities like rome ) and uber does n't treats its employees well . 
  italy 's 5sm leader beppe grillo proposes to leave the eurosceptic group efdd . 
  staying in a group with ukip would be useless mainly because already reached their goal ( leaving the european union ) and they do n't care that much about european lawmaking anymore . 
  in the online platform m5s will vote if join alde group in ep , since they are the only group open to talk with them . 
  the greens and other european groups did not want to consider an alliance with m5s . 
  many 5 star mep do n't want to join guy verhofstadt 's group , saying `` better alone than badly accompanied '' . 
  i remember students from high schools in calabria , sicilia and campania moving north ( veneto ) . 
  in their region the had incredible grades , when they came here they struggled a lot to get promoted ( to be fair i studied in one of the best schools in the region , it was quiet hard for me too ) . 
  i think it 's a shame , schools in the south are underfunded , some of the best teachers move north and too many people view education as an obligation rather than an investment . 
  there are such brilliant minds down there , shameful inequality . 
  `` no '' will win , they were 8 points ahead in the last polls . 
  pretty divisive referendum , it looks like everyone is looking forward to the end of this clusterfuck . 
  finally over . 
  the only ones that seem excited are the guys who want renzi to step down and everything will turn out fine ... maybe they ignore that 1 - renzi could say `` fuck it '' and still remain pm 2 - the parliament could call a `` governo tecnico '' to fill the void 3 - the president of the republic could call new elections next summer and please no we are not ready for months and months of campaigning , kill us please , spare us this horrible fate . 
  we are trying to act as naive as possible until sunday , because monday could happen literally everything . 
  btw i am ready to witness the end of the italian republic as we know it eating a good pizza acting like nothing serious is happening, 
  i do n't think so . 
  some migrants will be expelled or will find a way to move to another eu country . 
  many of those who stay live in europe for some years and afterwards return to their old countries with the money they saved because they can buy much more stuff in less developed countries . 
  anyway , if in the next years the situation worsens i think the government will take stronger actions . 
  i am not a guy who trusts the government very much , but i know how important is to italian politicians to win elections and get sweet and lovely public money . 
  i wonder why they choose the person that annoys the most the european side , it 's not really smart . 
  if you want to get a good deal you need someone who knows perfectly eu and british laws , not a guy who goes to the european parliament just to pick up a fight . 
  i think farage is mostly a `` fuck you '' to the european commission , but it could backfire spectacularly ( like every tory decision in the last couple of years ) . 
  i 've always considered the british pretty sensible and rational people , but damn your government is a proper clusterfuck , you are slowly reaching italian level . 
  berlusconi announced his party on tv in january '94 and in march '94 he won the election . 
  the man was trump before trump and macron before macron . 
  i despise him , but i have to admit the guy understood media like no one else . 
  i feel like this country experiences weird political trends years before the rest of the world . 
  in a decade a random country will be shocked by a internet party founded by a comedian , i am sure . 
  edit : berlusconi first government was also similar to trump 's : unstable , ineffective , inexperienced . 
  it lasted a few months , let 's see how much donald survives . 
  highest labour cost in italy ? 
  it must be taxes , wages are pretty bad . 
  france , italy and the netherlands . 
  italian economy is going down the toilet but our export it 's doing pretty well . 
  without it we would be really screwed . 
  man have you ever been to italy ? 
  i do n't think political correctness it 's really a problem here . 
  look at the people . 
  listen to the politicians . 
  read the newspapers . 
  it 's not our culture . 
  all you can hear is insults , fights , name calling , rage and discontent . 
  the problem is quite the opposite , people are too busy arguing and shitting on each other to find solutions . 
  guys , stop celebrating . 
  eu did n't win yet . 
  the third biggest economy in the eu-27 will vote in about one year . 
  i do n't know if you are noticing , but while everyone is celebrating for fast economic growth this country is the only one performing under +1 % . 
  eurosceptics are 1st , 3rd and 5th in the opinion polls ( aggregate around 45 % ) . 
  glad you have macron , but down here populism is mainstream politics . 
  public debt over 130 % . 
  this country does n't have an electoral law yet . 
  thousands of people from africa are expected to arrive this summer . 
  unstable governments to come . 
  i am sorry because i live here but you should be worried too . 
  france did n't fuck up , but we have the potential to fuck up the entire european union too . 
  italy is like a time bomb ready to detonate , it 's not the right time to celebrate . 
  `` may seems to be labouring under some really rather fundamental misconceptions about brexit & the eu27 '' . 
  this sentence can describe what is going on with those brexit talks . 
  `` leave '' politicians lied a lot . 
  people believed them . 
  politicians believed in those lies more and more because they were repeated by the people , like a cycle . 
  lying can win you elections , but in the long run is a terrible idea . 
  a lot of voters now think brexit will be `` a success '' , `` the start of a new fantastic era '' , `` freedom and prosperity '' . 
  going back to reality will be harsh . 
  eu27 leaders are witnessing one of the most advanced , interconnected , modern economies in the world leaving the biggest single market in the world cheering and celebrating . 
  it must be weird . 
  brexit will not be a success , it will be remembered as one of the most destabilizing events of the xxi century . 
  [ removed ], 
  your winter landscapes are something out of this world . 
  ( italy ), 
  the idiot from florence and the cult leader from genoa are not as nearly as bad as the ones before . 
  bm , ga and sb somehow managed to destroy the country for two decades each , renzi and grillo are just bright flashes on our republican history ( hope they will fade soon , bringing in the darkness with them salvini and friends ) . 
  i do n't think in 10 years people will remember renzi as badly as berlusconi , no way . 
  silvio was way more consequential in italian history . 
  i would add instead in the basket of deplorables bettino craxi , the guy was shady as fuck and berlusconi rise is somehow his fault ( he gave berlusconi his media empire ) . 
  pertini was a good guy , a surprisingly big amount of people have good feelings about him . 
  i would n't call it an aberration . 
  you have to think about poor italian farmers moving to the united states . 
  they were too poor to buy meat regularly in italy and when they moved in a land of abundance they fulfilled their meatballs dreams . 
  many people think italian-american cousine is a bad copy of italian cousine but actually is just cousine made by italian immigrants with different ingredients . 
  of course the best culinary tradition is found in countries that had scarcity of fat ingredients , when people struggle to get easy energetic food they become creative and make a great culinary tradition . 
  the problem of american traditional cuisine is that the us are a country of extreme availability of resources , making it easier to prepare a proper meal without being too creative ( if you have a steak you just need to cook it , if you have veggies , cereals and a little of meat you need to be good to make something tasty out of it ) . 
  just checked on the internet , if you make less than 10628,16 $ ( yearly income ) and the fine is more than 200 $ you can ask to pay the fine in installments . 
  http://www.prefettura.it/lecco/contenuti/14003.htm probably you need to ask to someone who is more capable to understand this italian bureaucratic clusterfuck , but i think you 'll be fine . 
  by the way , some of these machines do n't work properly , maybe your fine wo n't be that expensive . 
  i hope everything turns out fine !, 
  if you build a skyscraper in the middle of the city usually it looks awful . 
  italian cities are old , pretty and when you build something you have to make sure that does n't look weird compared to the background . 
  i think only milan has such buildings in italy . 
  it 's not true that europeans hate modern architecture , look at scandinavia . 
  modern , wonderful and creative stuff up there . 
  they look like [ this ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/mtywmfgxmdqw/z/wmyaaoxyj4hth0ax/$_10.jpg?set_id=880000500f ) one . 
  you know when you have an high school nearby when you see a disproportionate number of people dressed like that, 
  fiat , kinder & ferrero , stupid greenish coats that all high school kids seem to like , super mario hats and eastpak .
