  it was just a bad joke - . -, 
  west-russia ( former belarus ) will never have a normal relationship with poland . 
  edit : was brain afk, 
  vienna is overrated as hell imo . 
  sure , the center is pretty nice but everything around it is not very special and many places are also very dirty . 
  austria is full of beautiful places but its capital is not one of them . 
  it is better and cheaper to go to budapest or prague imo . 
  the second reason to hate cyclists in traffic ... 
  the first one is [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/7a/18/05/7a1805f191cce6ead62d0025d31681db.jpg ) . 
  it depends on what you do with it . 
  i use to drive long distances very often which means that an electric car would be pretty much a pain in the ass for me . 
  i can understand why someone would buy an e-car for the city etc. 
  but many seem to forget that other people have very different requirements : /, 
  * with a couple of recycling issues :p, 
  everyone hates you vs tropic paradise ... 
  i would rather go to madagascar :p, 
  the problem is that nearly all countries with proper firefighting planes have their own problems with huge fires right know which is obviously the reason why they have the planes etc in the first place . 
  but i still wish you guys luck : /, 
  are you talking about me ? 
   simply because they never had their own country before , unlike serbia . 
  is this what they say or what you think ? 
  many former yugoslav territories had their own country / kingdom before the first yugoslavia ( 1934 -- 1941 ) . 
  this makes me wonder why anyone in serbia gives a fuck about kosovo . 
  the communist regime planed to give them their own republic to . 
  it 's funny how only people from unsuccessful countries care about their `` glorious '' past . 
  just remember that all croats are ustasa nazi pigs who killed 30 million serbs in * choose conflict * and you will be fine . 
  the next conversation with a serb will be a fun one :d, 
  i feel like croatia is sparta and turkey is coming with xerxogan to get us . 
  [ ... no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sisak ), 
  serbia allied with turkey ... 
  i do n't that this is going to happen anytime soon :p, 
  ... as you can see ... it clearly did . 
  the best part of this that he started to bring up ww2 just because he was not able to defend his statement about the kosovo war . 
  he is basically like : `` who cares about the war in syria the nazis killed more people over 70 years ago . 
  we should hate them instead ! '', 
  i do n't know how to respond to this bs tbh . 
  i ... [ i know how to hyperlink goddammit !, 
  ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/instances/54252109.jpg ), 
  let me guess ... you are from serbia ? 
  you are right i was just making silly comments about a serious topic . 
  the israeli methods are very extreme but the palestinians dug their own grave by attacking israel . 
  i think that it is wrong that the current generation in the wb have to suffer because of that but that 's how it is . 
  they live in occupied territory what do they expect : /, 
  good that you are in america because you would already be a racist in europe after that statement and a nazi :p, 
  but they would also committed a massive ethnic cleaning like they did in the 2 wars before . 
  the territory within the wall is mostly inhabited by israelis as far as i know and the areas on israels side of the wall have a massive military presence . 
  i do n't think that they have to worry much about that . 
  serbia did a lot of shit in the 2 wars before the kosovo conflict and the reason why kosovo wanted independence from serbia in the first place is due to the fact that the milosevic regime limited the rights for serbia 's albanian minority and also took away the autonomy status of kosovo and vojvodina . 
  they are definitely not innocent when it comes to that . 
  well , they did exactly that . 
  if you like the outcome or not is up to you but they definitely stopped the violence . 
  no , it is part of their culture . 
  i have a hotel for hunters , mostly for foreign visitors . 
  austria , germany , italy etc ) . 
  the rules here are pretty moderate and you are able to do much more stuff here than elsewhere in europe . 
  i do n't need much more to be honest . 
  the rs does not give me anything but it does not prevent me from doing my own business . 
  they can keep calling it serbia as long as they want as long as they are the only ones really recognizing it . 
  it literally means that a croat is more likely to get a job than a serb because they need to keep the quote of for example croats high even if there are nearly no croats left in the region due to the ethnic cleaning . 
  if you would find a croat who would like to work in the police of the rs for example ... you would need to give the job to him rather than the serb . 
  this also counts for higher positions . 
  the vice police chief in my region is fe a croat even if it does not make much sense for the serbs ... 
  what ? 
  there is nothing in my comment mentioning that . 
  i live there as well and have a company there . 
  the dayton agreement guarantees that croats and bosniaks within the rs have enough influence . 
  official positions ( police etc ) need a certain percentage of croats for example . 
  the rs does not change anything for me . 
  no , it is not . 
  my village is in the rs and they have nearly no influence here . 
  the only thing that is `` serbia '' are the flags every you see every 2m . 
  edit : the flags are also only in serbian villages . 
  they control as much as the federation bih ... nothing . 
  the both entities block them wherever they can and are incredibly good in achieving nothing :p corruption is only thing that really works in bosnia . 
  thank you  can i ask you some things ? 
  where exactly is the `` gap '' between west and east turkey and how is the political and cultural orientation around and in ankara ? 
  well thank you :d, 
  i live there more or less ... there and in zadar . 
  it is complicated ... my point is that the younger people in bosnia are moving away as fast as they can . 
  there is no reason to stay there for them and this is true for everyone there not just the serbs ... 
  but ... but ... \u266a \u266b \u2669 \u266c zaustavite zemlju , silazim nije mi do niceg , odlazim \u266a \u266b \u2669 \u266c ... ( ja bas odlazim ) just in case : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6q6onrmely, 
  half of the other 70 % do n't live there either . 
  i do n't care about turkeys wikipedia article i want to know the opinion of people from turkey . 
  this is the point of reddit . 
  i could always tell somebody to google something but i 'm here for an nice argument . 
  it 's a forum after all . 
  he is maybe right ... or not ... we will never know \u00b0 , . . , \u00b0, 
  say why you think so and stop calling everyone ignorant who have a different opinion . 
  you are not going to convince anyone if you do n't at least try to explain your standpoint . 
  cam somebody please make a counter argument instead of repeating `` no , you do n't know turkey . '', 
  give us a answer ... why the hell is turkey so western to you ? 
  not some , many . 
  the turks who do n't what to integrate are in most cases also the ones who support erdogan and go to pro-erdo demos in foreign countries . 
  i think that it is absolutely normal to insult them with `` erdogan '' or similar . 
  they do n't even deny that they support him and his methods so why is it a problem ? 
  it is not racism if it is true . 
  many turks are far away from being `` integrated '' at least if you ask the germans , austrians etc ... you can see a hole subculture building in vienna , berlin and so on . 
  the turkish culture is know a part of many huge cities in europe . 
  i do n't care about this very much to be honest and i know many people who like to live in an multicultural environment but i can also understand why many people see this as a problem . 
  germany is probably one of the most immigration friendly countries on this planet .
