  this is like saying that germany as it is today is responsible for the things their ancestors have done . 
  does not exist anymore . 
  no it is not . 
  the ustasa lost and the ndh state does not exist anymore . 
  montenegro wakes up . 
   why should the people of republika srpska be denied the right to freely express their will ? 
  because their `` country '' is built on genocide . 
   whether you like to admit it or not , our forces fought very bravely for our people and it 's for this reason that rebpulika srpska exists to this day . 
  you guys had luck that the nato stopped oluja . 
  a part of my family is and we still have some property there . 
  how do you know ? 
  this was actually what i was referring to . 
  hey . 
  you ca n't just turn it around !, 
  this is pretty unlikely imo . 
  we and the nato are by far the most important allies . 
   almost exclusively this is the point . 
  there are still many croats and bosniaks in the rs and the areas they would need to split up . 
   it was n't just ` their ' country . 
  it was a country filled with croats , serbs and muslims . 
  it was n't just one ethnicity being the aggressor , it was all out civil war . 
  the serbs captured all of the bosniak `` territory '' and wanted to split it up . 
  it was just a matter of interest . 
  it is just an excuse . 
  a fucking terror attack is not a valid reason to invade more than 70 % of their country . 
   `` unofficially marking the beginning of the bosnian civil war '' ... whatever makes you sleep better . 
  at least you do n't eat dry lepinja . 
  i do think so . 
  they come directly after montenegro as far as i know . 
  to behave like a dick of course . 
  this guy does this all the time . 
  because of a couple of borders disputes . 
  there is a difference between `` your sea '' and `` sea you would like to have '' . 
  it 's ok you guys can start to fuck with kosovo or albania as soon as you 're in . 
  well ... at least it floats . 
  russia 's navy is also a joke compared to the nato ... 
  good old times ... 
  fuck it we are in . 
  i mean , we could always reunite and make the austria-hungary great again ... 
  i do n't think that you get the joke but anyway :d austrian girls are beautiful as long as you stay away from the capital . 
  do n't you guys still have the death sentence ? 
  seems pretty un-european to me ... 
  calefornia is more european than some european countries you guys are in . 
  austria gets all the chicks :d, 
  more males or females . 
  depends on the state , 
  good idea actually . 
  he was born in dalmatia ( today croatia ) as far as i know . 
  yup pretty much, 
  the old design was soooo much better imo . 
  say how pretty i am austria !, 
   slovenia is kinda borderline why the hell is slovenia borderline ? 
  they did pretty well in the eu . 
  many serbs ( especially from bosnia ) simply do n't wa n't to accept it . 
  bethesda was not able to create proper dynamic weather so they simply created permanent weatherzones on the map . 
  looks like the perfect desktop wallpaper . 
   a ) what the republic of srpska is bosniaks and many croats are triggered by this because huge parts of the rs used to be populated by them before the war / genocide etc ... serbs ( usually from bosnia ) like to point out how independent it is and so on which of course is highly provocative towards the other 2 entities of bih . 
  you know exactly what is wrong with it . 
  is this really necessary ? 
  you are welcome ... 
  i would shit myself if i were belarusian ... 
  you are just salty that we suck :d, 
  well they had to suffer because of the nazis and their own regime ... 
  i do n't know exactly why but he really hates serbia for some reason . 
  black death is a very mean name for refugees !, 
  i miss you to austria . 
  krosan sa cokoladom in croatia, 
  this is gold :d, 
  wow . 
  this is awesome . 
  russia is not in really good shape either . 
  i would really love to see this . 
   who deserves to ( or would ) be hanged . 
  ... wtf dude haha, 
  it is not a good idea to tease somebody from ireland :d, 
  isis jokes incoming . 
  what i mean is that the nato could have done way more during the wars in bonsia and croatia . 
  the way they did it in kosovo was much more effective and surely influenced by the experience during the first 2 wars . 
  ah i thought you meant nato . 
   civilians were not fleeing kosovo in those numbers before nato campaign . 
  this is not true . 
  i never mentioned any numbers . 
   also crimes happened for sure on both sides . 
  also true but the target of the nato mission was peacekeeping . 
  which was definitely achieved whether people like the outcome or not . 
  why ? 
  i do n't say that kosovo does not belong to serbia historically . 
  but i do say that it is their own fault . 
  they are not innocent when it comes to kosovo and they also caused much `` trouble '' with their own speratist movements in other countries which is maybe the reason for the hard nato offensive . 
  the nato started their offensive because the peace talks failed and to stop the flow of albanian refugees and warcrimes . 
  there was also an ultimatum which was ignored by milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  there are also bases in greece , romania bosnia etc. 
  my point is just that the reason for the intervention was definitely not a stupid airbase . 
  we both know that this is not going to happen . 
  there is not a single argument against your claim . 
  they could have placed their base in romania , bulgaria , greece , croatia or bosnia at this time . 
  they completely fucked bosnia and parts of croatia by doing nothing . 
  i guess the reason for the aggressive campaign against serbia was to stop the fighting once and for all . 
  imagine what would have happened if they would have allowed both sides to fight against each other ... a 3rd big war . 
  the heart of serbia moves every time someone tries to leave them haha .
