  i mean that it is normal that a country do n't want to see any positive reports about the people they are currently in war with . 
   it is n't pro-russian because it is impossible for media to be pro-russian in nowdays ukraine . 
  i think that this is completely normal under the current circumstances . 
  edit : the quote, 
   ... something polish not german ... you mean [ polish death camp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ `` polish_death_camp '' _ controversy ) ? 
  :d i will show myself out . 
   i will be wondering what you are trying to sell to me . 
  the beautiful gift of friendship and fun ? 
  they use the force to avoid getting raped ? 
  is it really that bad ? 
  i think the next thing i should do is go to finland and talk to random people on the street to make them feel socially awkward ... 
  the question is if the 90 days expand as soon as you enter the foreign country . 
  only if the consulate is aproved by both nations which is not the case because the czech republic will never accept the `` consulate '' on their territory and because donetsk is n't even a recognized country . 
  not even by russia . 
  no we cant . 
  if this would be the case the dayton agreement would be obsolete a long time ago . 
  the rs and fbih do not work together but are stick together due to the complex ethnic borders . 
  the only solution is to search a solution together instead of repeating the same nationalistic bs over and over again . 
  this count for all 3 sides btw ... 
  i do n't like the dayton agreement either but it stopped the war and ( even if they would most likely deny it ) saved the serbs from loosing like they did in croatia . 
  they did it . 
  they signed an agreement . 
  no they do n't . 
  all ethnic groups signed the dayton agreement . 
  there are also several other things that make an independent rs very questionable . 
  ( ethnic cleansing and so on ), 
   serbs deserve self determination . 
  why ? 
  they did nothing to deserve this . 
  this would require that he actually is a spy . 
  lte is available in many countries but there is no solid fiber infrastructure in more or less every country except the northern ones . 
  fun fact : you can have 100mbit connection in bosnia ( mexico of europe ) when you live near the croatian border :p, 
  we should build it in croatia . 
  just think about all the benefit 's like ___ or ___ and especially the ___ . 
  ukraines former government was corrupt and the president a russian marionette . 
  i also believe that he was never legally elected . 
  they had every right to remove him especially after what he did to the ( at the beginning ) peaceful protesters . 
  it is still currently part of their country and russia had no right to invade it especially not the way they did it . 
  where would we be today if anyone , with similar `` claims '' , would do the same thing ? 
  i would say ww2 . 
  i did because of obvious reasons :p it would be pretty nice for croatia and hsp to get the deal : /, 
  can anyone translate the article or sum up the most impotant things ? 
  it is silly to make a big thing out of every single incident but the number of killed journalists in russia and ukraine is a bit concerning imo . 
  there is no doubt that putin would do such things to critics and oppositionists if necessary but we really ca n't blame him for every dead person on this planet . 
  yes but i drink rakija instead of vodka . 
  some major cultural differences here :p, 
  ... holy shit this was horrible to read . 
  it is very selfless and so on but is it allowed to sell the medal ? 
  do you really think that the polish would like me :d, 
  i would rather move to poland than to most western countries , to be honest . 
  the countries supporting such an army should make an example and share troops between each other . 
  it would be the easiest way to implement such a thing . 
  neutral countries could stay neutral this way and countries with the wish or need for more defence could only benefit . 
  i do n't think that the rs is more stable , especially not on the keypoints . 
  if the rs would try to split the other ethnic groups within it would have something against it . 
  the rs will try to build a connected territory which will only be possible by going through brcko district and the posavina . 
  considering the fact that the rs and fbih have no functioning army and that croatia is right next to the most important connection point the chances of this beeing successful are not very high . 
  i live in the rs ( posavina ) and the government has nearly no influence here . 
  it is like the entities do n't exist because we can simply pick the best out of the two . 
  what i want to say is simply that the rs is far more unstable when the shit really hits the fan . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  ok , fuck this shit ... `` austria call slovenia we are joining them know !, 
  ... yeah we can call it habsburgerwhatever '' this will be the best country in europe by far . 
  the thing is that you ca n't blame the croats as a folk for the crimes the ustasa regime committed . 
  there used to be more croats in the partizans than in the ustasa army . 
  ww2 is not an excuse for the crimes they committed in the 90s . 
  it is not comparable and has nothing to do with the balkan wars except beeing used as a propaganda story for the serbian population . 
  even tudman ( first pm of independent croatia ) was a partizan back in ww2 . 
  it is nothing more than a bad excuse . 
  exactly . 
  i honestly think that it would have happened years ago if the situation would be as clear as some people imagine it to be . 
   while it was clearly a mistake for anyone in a diplomatic role you have to see it from another perspective . 
  he is in the position to potentially become the pm of croatia if he gets enough votes from the hdz faction which has many voters who more or less need a search party because hdz had a huge corruption scandal some time ago . 
  the `` leak '' will help him to pick up some right-wing hdz voters . 
  the problem goes much deeper . 
  the two big entities ( rs and fbih ) block each other in every way possible and stop the country from developing in any direction . 
  the politicians in croatia or serbia are awesome compared to the idiots in charge over here . 
  maybe haha, 
  the `` government '' ( if you want to call it one ) of bosnia is a corrupt pile of shit . 
  he was talking about the political condition and is , in fact right . 
  he is not completely wrong . 
  do n't misunderstand me he is an idiot but his arguments on this topic are true even if the words he chose are a little bit harsh . 
  he is not better than the people he criticize . 
  the only option would be ( if this would be an option ) to return the `` cleaned '' territories to their former citizens which is not possible because literally the capital of the rs was ethnically cleaned during the war . 
  not to mention all the other areas . 
  ( on both sides to be fair ), 
   there were crimes and everything else bad in the other parts but it was n't really a population change and it is kinda evened so these borders are perfectly fine . 
  there are a lot of other areas ethnicity cleared . 
  ( banja luka , posavina , brcko etc )  also fuck bosniaks , they did n't even want to give us 1/3 of country , the serbs took nearly all bosniak areas ( +70 % of the country ) at the beginning of the war . 
   now that they lost the war they should shut up . 
  they won the war more or less because they kept bosnia one country . 
  sure , there is the rs but only because the nato stopped operation oluja in front of banja luka . 
  ( and yes they saved you guys ), 
   it would be much more beneficial for them if they let us leave . 
  who do you mean ? 
  they should swap the territory before even considering to split up . 
  it would be stupid and ethically wrong to keep the current borders . 
  which does not mean that it will ever happen , at least not how the serbs in bih imagine it . 
  but you should , considering the fact that 15 % of rs population are not serbs and that many serbs live in parts of the fbih . 
  i think that he let this recording `` leak '' because he wants to grab the voters of the right-wing hdz .
