  kosovo je [ insert country here please ] !, 
  edit : but seriously congratulation guys . 
  bulgaria is older as far as i know . 
  we will allow you to be slavic . 
  but just a little bit . 
  who the hell cares ? 
  he was raised in croatia and has basically nothing else to do with the region and even less with serbia . 
  so the first guy did it to trigger people and the other ones overreacted ? 
  there are some minor differences i guess but nothing special . 
  why do you ask ? 
  you are completely overreacting imo . 
  if i learned something in life it 's : `` just avoid the balkan shit . '', 
  works pretty well so far . 
  edit : spelling, 
  we do n't need to be communists to get along with each other `` druze '' :d, 
  why are there so many scenes from ex-yu countries on r/europe and why are all the comments below them so salty ? 
  am i missing something ? 
   but for the kid that gets hit every other day for nothing , what would you say to him ? 
  i did not talked about this just about one extreme ( personal ) case in particular . 
  my point is just that one slap does not always mean child abuse . 
  people who beat their kids regularly are scum and belong into a prison . 
  how do you come to that conclusion ? 
  official maybe . 
  and do we call anyone our catholic brothers ? 
  no we do n't . 
  it is about the country not the religion in our case . 
  are we really going to discuss who `` started '' everything ~ 100 years ago ? 
  i did something extremely stupid one time ( really insanely stupid ) . 
  i was about 13yo and could not care less about the consequences of my actions . 
  my father yelled at me and i got a slap in the face . 
  i 'm not traumatized i have no mental health issues and i 'm not going to beat my own children because of it ... 
  it did not really hurt but the message behind it was clear . 
  i fucked up and realized it after that . 
  a slap on the cheek not the end of the world . 
  he said slap . 
  you say '' cigarette burns ? 
  or yanking arms hard ? 
  pushing ? '', 
  i know that this is a controversial topic to say the least but can still we discuss it without this kind of bs ? 
  he talked about a slap nothing else . 
  there is a difference between a slap and really beating your child imo . 
  excuse me ? 
  since when is writing bad things about milosevic = bashing serbia in general ? 
  there is nothing to whine about in most cases . 
   and yet , go to the other thread and witness 100 comments spitting on croatia and accusing us of a million things . 
  people on r/europe tend to have a pretty good opinion about croatia . 
  i really do n't know what you are talking about . 
  know that you say it ... 
  he may just pretend to be one idk . 
  thank you for pointing it out though . 
   no one did that . 
  you 're just as bad as the other guy in this moment . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  i think that this thread will cause more damage than good . 
  a simple `` thank you for being so critical and transparent about the topic '' would be much more appropriate . 
  this . 
  i really do n't know what he means . 
  the people in the comment section used to be very sceptical and he got busted pretty fast . 
  after brexit comes croanschluss . 
   i wonder if author of thread is serb . 
  i think he was a croat . 
   those guys are best friends of russians . 
  and they are so antifasicst that see nazi in everyone who does n't like them . 
  there is no need to generalize because of a couple of idiots on reddit . 
  many croats debunked him right away but do n't know why op is so salty tbh ... 
  the discussion in the comment section showed pretty fast that the title was a lie and the source very questionable . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about tbh . 
  many people were very critical towards his accusation . 
  the mods marked the thread as `` in 1994 '' and the comment section had a pretty fair discussion with many sources . 
  it was very transparent imo . 
  i do n't think that this is a big problem . 
  it is better to be able to see through the comments and see if the informations are true . 
  we are able to bust fake-news here . 
  it should still be forbidden . 
  they took a part of your island and you guys take a part of their island . 
  sounds fair to me . 
  say hello to the peoples republic of rus . 
  he is the tito of belarus . 
  calling for war = / = afraid to be invaded, 
   you are welcome to go to a country where you would feel more at home . 
  we both know that it does not work like that . 
  they are most likely going to stay and they will most likely get more rights as their numbers grow . 
  it is just the way it is . 
  they are as you already said a part of your country . 
  we have a couple of rebel/islamist groups fighting each other and a totalitarian regime . 
  most of them are backed by a bigger nations which currently work completely against each other . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  who am i to judge :d, 
  a + for creating problems out of nowhere . 
  this is exactly what we need right now . 
  same here . 
  i think that everyone should be allowed to express his sexuallity however he wants as long as it does not involve children . 
  edit : ok ... 
  this sounds wrong . 
  poland is basically north croatia in terms of culture and vice versa . 
  we are as similar as it gets :d i do n't know about hungary though . 
  do you have any examples for that . 
  i 'm really curious . 
  christian fundamentalism ? 
  christianity is constantly getting less important in ee it is just slower compared to other parts of europe .
