   next week it 'll be back to serbs vs. croats or whatever . 
  hallo , 
  thank you . 
  know i have to watch documentaries and search for every single wikipedia article about this topic :p, 
  yep we did it because we wanted to have all the tourists and everyone blames the americans for it . 
  you are right . 
  maybe serbia tried to remove kebaps before they even existed . 
  who knows : /, 
  serbia : tries to remove kebap since 1453, 
  italy , portugal , croatia and spain worked so long to make their dream come true . 
  we sabotaged their leaders made them hate each other and turkey is know hated by everyone . 
  all the hard work just to fill our pockets with the money of the frightened and wealthy europeans !, 
  shure `` north-west europe '' you can join , 
  i guess i can live with being polish slavic \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  - tuuuut ... 911 what 's your emergency - some guy on reddit is trying to kill the serbian prime minister !, 
  - sir , prank calling the police is illegal . 
  do n't do it again ... 
  the minority is like always the loudest part of the population . 
  i know many serbs who are not like that . 
  the problem is much simpler than you might think . 
  they simply have no other opinion because vucic is the best solution compared to the other candidates even if he is a cunt . 
  the other opportunities are guys like seselj who would turn serbia into a nationalistic shithole . 
  you just missed the picture it 's in there . 
  we would never forget our brother and formal enemy , 
  could be true . 
  i had only contact with bosniaks from posavina and hercegovina could be different somewhere else . 
  it 's pretty much the same thing in bosnia . 
  they are not really very religious i mean they do n't even follow the basic `` islamic '' rules like `` no pork and alcohol '' etc ... 
  they are only religious when they need to differentiate from serbs or croats . 
  it 's pretty useless imo but ok, 
  yeah they all love each other ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qizpndjg6y&amp;ab_channel=euronews ( inenglish ) ... not, 
  the name balkan from the former ottoman empire and was used to describe their area in eastern europe . 
  the whole story will repeat if it goes on like this . 
  there is no way that this will work without drastic changes . 
  the main problem is that the current area of the rs is ... well created without any sense . 
  they own areas which have been ethnically cleaned and which are populated by other entities and do n't own areas with a clear serbian minority since decades . 
  it 's ridiculous ... 
  that 's probably the same thing people said about previous dictators ... 
  there should be 0 tolerance for such things if we think about how similar situations went like in the past . 
  it 's pretty scary to see how nobody cares about it just to avoid conflicts with them . 
  where the hell are you from and would it be possible to marry you for the visa ? 
  same in croatia . 
  the situation is n't that great in croatia but not nearly as bad as some people say it is . 
  i know people who get ~ 1500 $ a month and are still complaining about `` how hard it is to live in this country '' . 
  we hate each other ass hell haha there is a big divide between eastern europe i think . 
  countries like slovenia and croatia like each other and i think that we also like our northern friends in slovakia , poland etc ... 
  but if you look at serbia , bosnia , kosovo or albania the story is completely different ... there is so much hate in this region . 
  do n't worry we like you slovakia , 
  pretty much like this 24/7 ... http://imgur.com/srapik8, 
  good to know , thanks . 
   `` gone too far '' really ? 
  jup i really think that people should calm down about these things . 
  it 's just annoying to make a huge thing about everything which is not completely neutral . 
  i know :d it sounds much harder than it should . 
  sry if i offen ... shit, 
   btw `` normal couples '' sounds heavy i do n't want to waste my time with this `` everyone is offended by everything and we need to be overly politically correct and tolerant people '' ... stuff it has really gone to far imo : /, 
  it 's possible to make a partnership but nor a marriage ( a marriage is considered as a thing only made for normal couples ) . 
  it 's the same thing with a different name . 
  the list is bs . 
  we are the 9th rank which is ridiculous ... 
  just do it . 
  it will be the best survival trip you ever had . 
  it 's bs . 
  you would get much hate here if you would be openly gay in public . 
  we should be somewhere near russia . 
  wtf is this shit :d, 
  i just know that my parents learned it as serbo-croatian back then in school . 
  but i think it 's better to call it like that because you can avoid a stupid discussion, 
  a good and old `` kosovo je srbija '' would have been enough :|, 
  how would you pronounce `` kako '' ? 
  i somehow ca n't imagine that it is so hard . 
  my croatian is not nearly as good because i currently live in austria but even i can understand a slovenian at least a bit :p what kind of music do you mean exactly ? 
  croatian pop music etc or turbo folk ? 
  do most slovenians understand serbo-croatian ? 
  i totally forgot who actually owns kosovo ... can you help me out ?? 
  hahahaha pretty accurate, 
  it is called serbo-croatian . 
  the name is shit but that was / is the official name of our language . 
  slovenia have it 's own language and it is quite different from serbo-croatian ... 
  it 's with k in german and croatian ... sry :p, 
  poland got grom , russia have the speznas , amerika have it 's navy seals , and erdogan have isis ... 
   but wonder how in this world did you end up with such a messy history and population mix-up in such a small area . 
  except of some jokes here and there i have nothing to do with serbs . 
  i do n't like or hate them and i do n't have much contact with them . 
  i also do n't get why everyone thinks that we are so similar . 
  i mean there is the language and food but other than that ... ca n't really understand why everyone try to compare us ... 
   oing to annex them ( and then make them vote it in a referendum ) because you `` persecuted them for so long . . ''  you know what happened the last time someone tried to create a `` krajina '' . 
  serbiaball is still crying . 
  stupid nationalist comments incoming : /, 
  we need signs in istro romanian for our istro romanian minority !, 
  it 's 2016 my friend . 
  everyone is offended by everything ... 
   did n't know what a `` niqab '' is ... hey , i decided to move to poland . 
  i just got destroyed by the sea-german . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i think that it is very great to speak more than one language . 
  i just do n't think that learning italian ( for example ) in the uk is very basic just like it is n't basic to learn something other than english in poland , croatia etc ... 
  i would not call speaking second language ( except english ) basic education tbh . 
  smells like bs to me . 
  cries in croatian .
