  this is the longer running gag i know ... 
  yes . 
  it is just a matter of definition . 
  the serbs already declared themselves to the aggressor by attacking croatia and bosnia . 
  this is because they started the war and has nothing to do who attacked each city / village / whatever first . 
  these conversations are pretty useless imo :d, 
  i do n't agree with him because they did attack croatia and bosnia after all and this fact alone makes them already the aggressor . 
  you ca n't use the attack on vukovar to declare them as the aggressor and it is wrong to say that they are the aggressors just because they attacked certain towns during the war . 
  i thought you guys were joking around up to this comment : /, 
  vukovar was economicly one of the better towns in yugoslavia . 
  it is sad to see it like this : / things will change at some point . 
  we are recovering very slowly but i 'm sure that we are able to fix our economy . 
  there is always someone like this . 
  the best thing you can to is to simply ignore them . 
  he is doing this all the time . 
  i think we all know that he is not an great example for the average slovene ... just do n't pay attention to him . 
  well they were able to simply leave unarmed ... 
  i agree  would you guys like to join us ? 
  austria is already in ... 
   interests of china and iran match fairly well . 
  also interesting to know why does interests of china and russia does n't match . 
  what i mean is they do n't match with the us . 
   how do leaders of china usually behave ? 
  fuck their own population with propaganda , suppression bending the political system however it fits the regime etc ... we do n't need to start this discussion we know exactly where it leads . 
  they are nowhere near the us in terms of power . 
  the interests of russia , china , the us and iran do not match and this is a very good thing considering how the leaders of russia , china and iran usually behave . 
  this is horrible to watch ... 
  can you name some things they lied about ? 
  we are very well known considering our size imo . 
  welcome to the club buddies . 
  we have higher standards than anyone else . 
  this is imo the reason why we are currently so successful . 
  and there goes the social anxiety ... 
  quick pineappleless croatia !, 
  find a statistic that shows that the consumer confidence in the netherlands is better than in finland . 
   is it some kind of national victory for romania ? 
  it is just a joke . 
   ok , it was funny for a while , ~ ~ no ~ ~ we need to push it further . 
  ok , if you say so !, 
  lets just swap the r for a k . what could go wrong . 
  they could also use one stinger missile for 38,000 $ ... 
   responsible for every thing rs did . 
  this is true . 
  but it does not change the fact that they are anything but innocent . 
  i mean that attacking an area which is secured by the un and therefore it 's peacekeeping soldiers causes that they will not act in you favor or be willing to negotiate with you anymore . 
  they do serve an important purpose . 
  it is very hard to attack a peacezone + peacekeepers without turining the international community against you . 
  which was baked and supported by serbia . 
  i thought that he said that serbia had nothing to do with srebrenica . 
  sorry my bad , i missed the comment of shayco . 
  but what is the point of peacekeeping forces if they do n't `` keep the peace '' ... as stupid as it may sound . 
  a soldier who is not ready to give his life for civilians should not be one . 
  but they would have been able to gain new land without any effort . 
  i guess it is true ... the swiss avoid any possible conflict , no matter what . 
  edit : gramma, 
  i wonder if they regret it ... 
   because armenia currently occupies 1/5th of azerbaijan are we going to pretend that this is the armenias fault ? 
  edit : gramma, 
  just do n't make us angry . 
  not really . 
  the ndh state basically sold istria and dalmatia to italy and large parts of the territory were already inhabited by bosniaks / bosnian muslims . 
  this is horrible . 
  i would live in italy if this were today 's borders . 
  it 's a capitalist legend . 
  ex-soviet russia was a member of the ussr , so powerful and so stronk he could use the kgb to influence the global politics to create unions ... 
  thank you . 
  are you serious ? 
  i think that the whole `` piss off '' thing was more a joke tbh . 
  like the `` battles '' between holland and finland or sweden and norway . 
  post some numbers and statistics to back you argument . 
  the serbs in vojvodina do n't like the hungarians living their because they seek for too much autonomy and so on . 
  ( this is what a couple of serbs i know from this region told me . ), 
  because of the hungarian minority in serbia . 
  oh my fucking god - . -, 
  you guys could have moved the `` gorgeous nature '' thing a little bit more se . 
  and i thought that people here are survivalists . 
  they have many people from bosnia and albania . 
  viva la not getting red !, 
   the average young italian with a degree does n't gain more than 900 euro per month same here : i, 
  depends on the republic . 
  i first wanted to write british and thought that it does not fit because the falklands are not part of the british isles ... well fuck . 
  it is part of the uk . 
  get over it . 
  not a single homicide ever oc , 
  i do n't see a reason to protest if a ) it is not your fault and b ) there is nothing you can do about it . 
  the thing is that they would simply go somewhere else if you send them to croatia or tunesia . 
  this can either be the eu or africa / asia . 
  we always fail when it counts . 
  looks like skyrim . 
  we already won against spain a couple of times . 
  this is the same bs they tell you since the 90s and it is one of the propaganda stories used by the milosevic regime to radicalize the serbian population . 
  please never believe this kind of crap . 
  the us are the reason why europe is as peaceful as it is . 
  they are far from being perfect but saying that they are `` the most warmongering and interventionist country on earth '' is just insanely simplified and stupid . 
  we just need a major case to mobilize some people . 
  this should n't be to hard : i, 
  jup ... nazis are just horrible pieces of shit . 
   it 's somewhere ... around there ... on the other side of the adriatic sea . 
  we are right next to you for fu ... 
  ... we love you guys .
