  i ca n't imagine that hungarian minorities have a bad reputation especially in slovakia . 
  serbia : srpski film you fucked up bastard . 
  slovenia is also a bro  jokes aside . 
  why are romania and slovakia considered `` enemies '' ? 
  we can make a huge deal out of this nonsense if you like . 
  like slovenia did with the sea dispute . 
  it is never boring over here , 
  he was born in croatia and his father ( i think his name was franjo ) was a croat . 
  his mother ( marija ) was from slovenia though . 
  if there is one thing i love about russia it 's their metro . 
  it does not sound like much but it is just awesome imo . 
  how do you even come to these conclusions ? 
  i never said anything that supports the ustasa regime in any way . 
  i do n't have to like what they did just because the other side is also bad . 
  blind hate ? 
  i ca n't stand these stupid comments . 
  thats it . 
  or that only 44 % of the partizans were actually serbs ... or that their leader was a croat ... 
  in the 90 's ... yes . 
  the silly thing is that most of their `` arguments '' about ww2 are complete nonsense . 
  they cherry pick certain events and bad factions and ignore everything else . 
  you ca n't use ww2 as an excuse for everything ... funfact : about 30 % of the soldiers in titos partizan army were croats ... 
  it is impossible to have peace if serbia is your neighbor :d edit : this is a joke god dammit . 
  i think it is possible to make jokes about it after 20 years . 
  it will be our fault tomorrow . 
  right in the feels, 
  congratulation neighbors , 
  i do n't really see many good things here tbh . 
  my father was in prison for questioning the communist party during his army-service . 
  his father worked in austria because he was not able to get a job outside of a city because he was supposed to do farm work on the countryside and so on . 
  ( people were not able to earn enough to feed a huge family this way ) yugoslavia had it 's positives but i think that too many people tend to fall into nostalgia when thinking about the past . 
  + / - the countries which used to be in the habsburgerreich ... 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but are n't all 3 languages pretty much recognized . 
  neither serbs or croats use this name to be fair . 
  it is also way easier to simply say serbian if you speak the `` ekavica '' dialect or croatian if you use the `` ijekavica '' dialect . 
  i understand that they want to have their own language though . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i laughed about your `` who cares about the chinese comment '' because it is true . 
  because they do n't want to say that they speak croatian or serbian . 
  well it used to be serbo-croatian . 
  know we have serbian , croatian and the bosnian which is croatian with a couple of turkish words . 
   from solar and wind 's production only poisons the chinese , so who cares about them wtf dude haha, 
  u/lovac1 is that you ? 
  i always thought that you guys celebrate christmas in january like the serbs . 
  and chile croatia !, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but the direct competitor to the m1 would be something like the t-72 which is literally crap . 
  even the modernized variants have many old flawes . 
  and they are crap ... 
  why not ? 
  the current concept is ok imo . 
  `` stable '' states open their borders when certain conditions are met . 
  it takes some time but we are leading in the right direction . 
  my history teacher tried to tell me that austria was forced to join germany ... ( i went to school in austria ), 
  well ... 
  welcome to lichtenstein !, 
  edit : konstantinopel from know on . 
  this is so awesome and civilized that i actually ca n't believe it ... 
  it is nice to hear that but will the borders stay open after brexit ? 
   personally if northern ireland turned around and wanted to rejoin ireland i would 100 % support it . 
  well it is their own choice after all . 
  i said that it is easy for the `` winning '' side to say such things . 
  this was not related to this conflict in particular . 
  this is also not my opinion . 
  i currently try to figure out how both sides think about this topic since i started a couple of debates with my joke . 
  i wonder if the outcome would be different today ... 
  this is the case in many comparable scenarios . 
  i do n't know how it is in ireland and the uk but these conflicts have usually more to do with nationalistic stuff . 
  thank you , 
  touch\u00e9 :d, 
  as i said i really do n't know many details . 
  i just like the irish . 
   let the sleeping dog lie . 
  you have a valid point but i also think that this is much easier to say from the `` winning '' side . 
  sry i 'm on a horrible mobile connection . 
  i thought it was just a picture of divided ireland . 
  for example ? 
  is it likely that ni will be able to stay on it 's own feet anytime soon ? 
  we needed 5 years of war to leave this communist shithole . 
  we are fine without it i guess . 
   towards modern turkey we do n't hate the turks we hate your insane `` leadership '' . 
  this is bs . 
  the mods would not tolerate a thread like this . 
  i have no clue of the situation in ni or why it is divided but ... united ireland !, 
  you can do it guys !, 
  edit : wrote no instead of ni, 
  they are horrible but nowhere near the junk we have here and not to mention the balkans ... 
  i ca n't understand how their employees justify writing this bs with themselves . 
  you need to be a special kind of asshole to write such things after a terror attack . 
  we are a special one . 
  i do n't think that there is a nation on this planet that hates it 's gov as much as we do . 
  des is do ka deutsch hia ge ` bitte . 
  lean east ma mundoat redn . 
  watn dat f\u00fca ne sprache ? 
  it works very well in russia . 
  `` balkanization '' would be a progress over there . 
  we know change international flights on purpose to gain even more tourists . 
  we have ... needs . 
  i think that the eu should behave differently towards greece . 
  let 's be honest here they screwed you over more than one time in the last couple of years . 
  they constantly break their promises and let you alone with the migrant crisis .
