oh yeah you are right . 
  my bad . 
  what is with the recognition of kosovo ? 
  there are valid reasons for the veto . 
  serbia should be able to enter the eu if they want to but only under the same conditions the previous countries . 
  you ca n't let one country work for the membership and the next one can pass without any problems because they do n't want them to be allied with russia ... 
   if there is really a problem that 's what i meant with that . 
  are the poles in britain really such a big problem ? 
  what problems do they cause ? 
  nerarly every country have politicians like that . 
  i ca n't see why especially the uk should be so much worse than anyone else ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but would n't in be possible for serbia or turkey to join the eu with a veto of a couple of members . 
  it should not be very hard to form a coalition if there is really a problem . 
  it 's not like the uk have no influence within the eu ... 
  that would be the funniest thing ever :d hahaha, 
  do n't be so rude to yourself ... we love you !, 
  especially because you guys created the best music video since ever . 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jac37smhkxu&amp;ab_channel=neomania, 
  i do n't think that they would allow russia to join esa . 
   y much every continent , though . 
  most of our black immigrants came from countries that already spoke english , that had a lot of british influence and were a lot more similar to the uk than many continental european countries . 
  a jamaican is austria was part of the habsburgerreich which was pretty huge compared to today . 
  many people from different parts of the monarchy moved to austria and this was a more than 200 years ago . 
  they still say that they are ( for example ) burgenland croats because they see their roots still in croatia . 
  is the `` black '' population in the uk really exactly like the `` white '' population or do they have still an at least slightly different culture ? 
  i ca n't speak for them but here in austria most of the foreigners would define themselves as exactly that and not as austrian . 
  even if they are the 2nd or 3rd generation in this country with citizenship and everything . 
   shit like this makes all of you look bad , not just the small segment that actually acts like fucking animals . 
  buy a water test kit if you feel unsafe drinking tap water they are around 20 bucks on amazon ... 
   can deport them to poland . 
  at least we do not claim to be native brits . 
  at least we do not fill your prisons . 
  a it 's obvious that most of them are not native i cant se the problem . 
  iam a croat living in austria which means that iam a guest and not native ... why is this bad ? 
  the only thing i ask myself is why ... why should i steal water in a country with perfectly fine tap water ? 
  it 's maybe closed and the old sign is still there ... 
  - i 'm not sure why the croatians have a consulate here . 
  cries in croatian . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  i think that this whole topic around `` everything and everyone got to be equal and 100 % tolerant '' went too far . 
  it is ridiculous and annoying to cry about all the stuff which is not 100 % politicly correct . 
  everything needs limits and the limit of this topic is more than exceeded imo : /, 
  they need spies for these things ... 
  it 's not a secret that he is a joke for most educated europeans . 
  i feel really sorry for turks who have to be in a country controlled by this idiot . 
  my problem is that there are many cases of children behaving like the other gender before their puberty ( because of an older sister for example ) . 
  it does n't mean automaticly that something is wrong with your child in any way ... you ca n't say what your kid will be like after puverty ... 
  there are also children who change their behaving after puberty . 
  you allow parents to raise their daughter as a boy and confuse your child which is probably straight as an adult just because you think that it could be possible for him/her to identify her/himself as transgender ... 
  this is horrible . 
  this equality bs went way to far and is annoying as hell but we are talking about nothing else than child abuse in this case ... what is this shit . 
  most western countries turned out to be an place were you are not able to raise a mentally normal child anymore . 
  but this does not change the fact that many groups in china want to ne indipendent ... you could also say that we shloud reunite with austria hungary because we used to be one kingdom for a long time or that the balkans should be `` united '' with the ottoman empire because they ruled the region for hundreds of years ... 
  china is a pretty bad example ... 
  many entities in china are forced to remain in this state . 
  their only problem is that the communist party over there would never allow them to break up . 
  it does not work to keep different people in the same country . 
  the war was unnecessary but the breakup was just a matter of time . 
  i did n't knew that ... interesting , 
  many nations use it , why not ? 
  i dont want to call it the new super power but ... we are pretty close . 
  do n't worry brothers !, 
  croatia will help you with our new ballistic rockets we ca n't afford !, 
  no someone mentioned europe ... 
  i have to commit that you are right about karlsplatz the drug scene moved around the prater since the police declared it as a `` schutzzone '' or something . 
  i live in vienna for about 18 years now . 
  using the subway is not a good idea either but it depends very much on the line . 
  the u6 and parts of the u3 are pretty horrible . 
  no it 's not ... iam pretty often in croatia or poland and never had a problem to let my girlfriend or little sister walk outside at night . 
  it 's not even worth a thought . 
  there are many areas with a very high density of the same people . 
  many districts changed since the mass immigration started . 
  it does not work to integrate different cultures into your own if you let them life in areas with a much higher number of immigrants than natives . 
  it depends where you are . 
  i would never recommend a woman to walk alone trough the night in vienna . 
  the situation has changed over the last couple of years . 
  its pretty dangerous to walk trough some areas of the city ... 
   i do n't really think it 's fair to say that croatia is comparable to say hungary or even slovenia . 
  hungary and slovakia not slovenia . 
  i would say that hungary is even a little bit worse in terms of pure economic and stability . 
  but i agree that slovenia is in a much better condition . 
   if not all of balkan countries have a mentality that completely and utterly clashes with that of the west . 
  well slovenia did very well in the eu . 
  i think croatia is more comparable to slovakia , hungary and so on ... 
  the economy is not horrible but far from being as good as the eu average . 
   even were considered to be invited to join in the first place . 
  bulgaria and romania are in because it was a great tactical expansion and to keep them away from the eastern influence . 
  they are also the land connection to greece . 
  serbia is interesting for the very same reason . 
  it is beneficial for the eu to keep serbia on their side and as far away from russia as possible . 
  it would be a huge benefit for russia to have an allie in this geographical position . 
  slovenia was a no brainer imo because they were an expansion without many or any downsides . 
  small , efficient and not much to worry about . 
  croatia is also just a expansion which does n't cost much because we are very small and manage to be economicly strong enough to do n't create huge problems . 
  this does not mean that we are in good shape but that the eu does not have to bother with us . 
  i have never been in serbia tbh . 
  there are many serbs in croatia and i also used to live in austria ( many serbs live in austria ) . 
  well , i hear it all the time ... 
  well many of them also think that greeks are their orthodox brothers . 
  we are talking about nationalist and not about the average population to be fair .
