  the netherlands and their water complex :d, 
   and now we are bittering at each other . 
  ah common . 
  we still like each other , 
   the same can be said about its neighbor croatia . 
  well , lets hope the best  we should really look up to our slavic friends up north . 
  you guys did a really great job in the last couple of years . 
  not for very long . 
  ( thanks god ), 
  they managed to conquer big parts of croatia but not for a long time and they never managed to conquer all of it . 
  i 'm really thankful for that . 
  it will be a puppet in this case . 
  also true . 
  well many people do . 
  they usually do n't know why but they hate the eu ... 
  wait !, 
  yours tooo ? 
  i do n't think that they killed more people . 
  this does not mean that they were n't equally horrible but this is no reason for `` alternate '' facts . 
  not you again - . -, 
  red is to communist for us . 
  we will stick to freedom-blue . 
   american way of life is not threatened . 
  well i really like the american way of life here . 
  this is gold :d, 
  11,5 % are retarded . 
  not as long i have property there . 
  she was n't swedish either . 
   this is the same as germans claiming they `` never knew '' . 
  i would not say that most people in germany knew exactly what was going on . 
  nearly everybody knew that jews were treated like scum but i do n't think that most people believed that kz existed or how bad it really was . 
  the grandfather of a friend told me how he realized what was going on after he saw one train full of jews passing by . 
  this was long after the start of the first deportations . 
   just like germans back then , russians know wrong from right , and they are willingly chosing wrong . 
  they simply see it from another perspective . 
  do you know how many people in some less successful ex-yu countries still view tito and his regime as good ? 
  you have other priorities under certain conditions . 
  freedom of speech or real democracy are not as important to them . 
  i 'm sure that she is a filthy pkk member and / or g\u00fchlen supporter . 
  he somehow managed to get in the parliament and disrupts it all the time . 
  it is pretty funny imo . 
  looks more like you guys sent them to the baltics to keep your own country safe . 
   i 'm sure he 'll get along fine with germany . 
  maybe in the 1940 's, 
   it 's accepted that the flag with the white squares first is an ustasha one . 
  the ustasa flag has a giant u in the left corner of the flag . 
  the flag is just a simplified version before the official one was released in 91 . 
  i thought we were talking about the yugoslav wars . 
  yeah nazis are idiots but they are as you already said everywhere . 
   how do you not notice a flag that can literally cover the table ? 
  ah you mean the thing in canada . 
  this is not an ustasa flag . 
   it was also nice of the croatian government to raise a monument to the ustashe terrorist who killed the yugoslav diplomat in sweden how can he be an ustasa if he was born after ww2 ? 
   was nice of them to put a plaque in jasenovac of all places with the slogan of za dom spremni , it was not built by the gov. 
  they also criticized it as far as i know . 
  no , we do n't . 
   pictures with their flags was without her noticing . 
   layed flowers on their graves tons of people died in bleiburg . 
  civilians , soldiers ( not only ustasa soldiers ) who already surrendered etc. 
  it has nothing to do with glorifying the ustasa . 
   hired ministers who wrote glorifying articles on them hasanbegovic was indeed an idiot . 
  but he is no longer a minister in the current gov. 
   endorsed a rock band that has ustashe songs thompson is ... special and maybe a bit to patriotic and religious but he has no ustasa songs . 
   so , are you saying one incident paints the whole country ? 
  he did n't said that . 
   since your government repeatedly made sympathetical moves toward them . 
  they official criticized it more than once pretty clearly but ok ... 
   i know you treat your war criminals like heroes but some serbs do the exact same thing . 
  who has the biggest chance to win and how are his political stands ? 
  vucic supported the milosevic regime ... 
  thank you very much , sir !, 
  it will always be \u010ceska for us , 
  [ theresa may & ukip after the brexit . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/j6rtcdxhjwu?t=2m4s ), 
  ... nothing ? 
  we are still better . 
   it 's the musical equivalent of surstr\u00f6mming it 's the musical equivalent of an a-bomb . 
  breaking news : croatia invented weapon of mass destruction . 
   it 's a corrupt union in which we pay enormous amounts for negligible benefits . 
  you guys fight pretty hard for these `` negligible benefits '', 
  it is well known that all germans consume their sausages on a stick . 
  ... this is awesome :d, 
  austria is also formally neutral . 
  well if an albanian enters a serbian enclave ... why not ? 
   yes . 
  and it has more active personnel than slovenia , croatia and bosnia combined . 
  the airforce is better than any other in ex-yu . 
  slovenia has a small army because of it 's size and bosnia has no working armed forces . 
  your comparison is like saying : `` austria is so strong because it has a bigger army than luxembourg , lichtenstein and san marino combined ! '', 
  we are fine here but thanks for calling us shit . 
  yeah sure ... 
  and the other way around ? 
  simplify everything and blame others for your mistakes . 
  this is how it works ... 
  why the hell would you want that ? 
  they are the reason why you guys have more or less peace down there . 
   if this territorial exchange ever happened , we 'd probably have peace ( at leats as long as the extremists in serbia do n't go haywire again ) . 
  the problem is that then the following would happen : why ? 
  i see no reason why this exchange would have any influence in the other disputes if both sides would agree to it . 
  now kiss .
