   celebrating statehood day the problem is that many people in bosnia see the celebrating statehood day as a celebration for a state which was built on genocide on a massive scale . 
  this should not be celebrated because it just rises tensions imo . 
  croatia is a nato member and many croats live in bosnia . 
  it would be the reason they need to get active . 
  the reason why the nato does nothing in for example ukraine and why the invasion of crimea was possible in the first place is that ukraine is nowhere near being a nato member/partner or even in their area of their responsibility . 
  i do n't know what you think about us but most croats i know support the unity as long as they have enough autonomy in it which is definitely the case right know . 
  ( except maybe posavina ) this includes croats from bosnia and croatia . 
  every rational thinking person would come to the conclusion that a split is only possible with massive ethnic cleaning which no sane person would want . 
  the borders are everything but nowhere near being clear . 
  ( except maybe herzegovina ), 
   shadows of their former selves shadow of what ? 
  the shit yugoslavia owned before it was outdated :d, 
  we have this [ little motherfucker ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/croatian_air_force_mikoyan-gurevich_mig-21umd_lofting-1.jpg ) . 
  it does not shoot any missiles it kills our enemies with pure patriotism . 
  my point is that they did such things also for the serbs . 
  i think that people underestimate the weight of operation oluja being stopped . 
  it was maybe the reason why the war in bosnia took that long . 
  they helped both sides . 
  i never said that they did not bombed you . 
  i only say that you see them as the devil on earth despite the fact that they at least tried to stay as neutral as possible . 
  they helped you a lot by stopping oluja . 
  not the nato . 
  germany and austria ... 
  the only thing they did was donating weapons and tanks which helped us a lot . 
  but it is plain stupid to say that the nato saved our ass . 
  edit : spelling, 
  what do they have even comparable to croatia . 
  croatias airforce is a joke and the serbian too . 
  the difference is just that serbia has even more of the junk we call jets . 
  the air would also most likely be controlled by the nato like in the war before . 
  the serbs in bosnia . 
  operation oluja was stopped by the nato right in front of banja luka . 
  the war could have been over at this point . 
  it is more or less their fault it took so long . 
  bosnia does n't own a working army and serbia is not willing to help the serbs in bosnia . 
  the equipment of the serbian army is still from the ussr . 
  croatia is pretty decent compared with the other 2 but i do n't think that it would protect its people in bih . 
   terrorist organization called nato . 
  yeah right ... 
  it is funny that you hate the organization who saved the serbs from operation oluja after they invaded nearly all of the bosniak territory . 
  know imagine the number of people without the fence ... 
   croatian gdp per capita no problem . 
  everything will change as soon as we build our new old government ... again . 
  we could ask austria for help , 
  we are on the list . 
  just a little bit more religious than our formal enemy italy . 
  the split of cyprus was also formed by military force . 
  or do you speak about belgium ? 
  shhhhh ... just do n't ... do n't destroy his dreams . 
   just to piss russians off . 
  it was obviously a joke ... 
  ... can we join schengen ? 
  people from spain have the same understanding of `` poor '' as we do . 
  we are not even close to germany , austria etc but the quality of living is pretty high compared to our eastern and southern neighbors for example . 
  and know the russian people will stand up and fight against their corrupt politicians . 
  the reason is a bit unexpected but who cares as long as it gets the job done :p, 
  the spiegel is not the best source for information like this :d, 
  where are you my lost soul :(, 
  - `` leaked '' maybe . 
  - `` bad '' it is sad that people still discuss if russia have the right to do this shit - . -, 
  they hate their polititians as much as we do . 
  their is no reason to hate them for border disputes and so on ... 
  i prefer slovenia , 
  you could be insanely efficient with just one eu army . 
  just think about all the expensive shit you would no longer have to pay for . 
  logistics , jets to secure the air borders ( for small countries ) , and so on ... at least small countries could benefit from working together . 
  exactly the same thing here . 
  but hey it is our own fault . 
  we are the ones who elect the same corrupt idiots again and again ... 
  corruption ? 
  hmmm . 
  we always say its the othe way around ... 
  well they banned mein kampf and are pretty harsh when it comes to nazi symbolism . 
  which is absolutely ok imo ... freedom of speech is important but there are limits for everything . 
  i mean just look at the usa . 
  i would not like to have that many people spreading their `` opinion '', 
  are they dicks for doing this ? 
  yes . 
  do they have to right to do this ? 
  yes . 
  we had horrible re elections to . 
  just so you guys know that you are not alone . 
  we are at least equally stupid when it comes to elect our leader , 
  they are literally a part of you or vice versa . 
  russia invaded parts of their country ... 
  imagine british newspapers supporting nazi germany during ww2 . 
  sounds pretty unrealistic for me . 
  i 'm also completely against the stuff they did . 
  i 'm only saying that i know how most of the people feel about russia at this moment . 
  nothing else . 
  i completely on your side i. 
  but i know how it is having a war within your own borders and ( even if i do n't support it ) can understand what they are going through . 
  is it bad that they burned down the building ? 
  absolutely . 
  but i can understand that they do n't want newsletters in their country that support the current enemy . 
  let 's take ww2 as an example . 
  do you really think that the brits had pro-german newsletters at this time in their country ? 
  i do n't say that it is good i say that i can understand that the people in ukraine do not want to hear positive reports about russians / separatists etc because they are currently in war with them . 
  do you think that people from other countries would like to hear positive things about their `` enemies '' . 
  i do n't mean the burn down thing .
