  i think that there is no way for this to happen any time soon . 
  many eu members are divided between far left idiots and the even worse far right people . 
  it 's like we are afraid of talking about certain topics and like it 's much easier to call everyone complaining about immigration nazi and everyone concerned about the refugee life 's a destroyer of our values . 
  one side will always block the other one . 
  you do n't really need to be christian to be against adoption . 
  many of these things are not only because of the religion . 
  you do n't need to be religious to be against legalised abortions , pre-implantation genetic screening and so on ... 
  these topics are a matter of perspective and it 's legitime to view abortions as killing or pre-implantation genetic screening as a questionable intervention in human nature . 
  these are not my own opinions but i can understand if someone understands them differently because such things are very difficult topics imo . 
   and talk of allowing gay marriage most religious people i know could not care less about that  and i believe the vatican is one of the very few countries on the planet that is against contraception i do n't know a single person who does not use condoms or say that they are bad and i live in the maybe most catholic country in europe . 
  it does not conflict with western laws because they are more or less built around christian values and do n't conflict each other in any way . 
  i can imagine that a huge % of turks do n't read the quran but i 'm pretty sure that they are not about 99 % . 
  the akp would not have quite as many idiots following them if this is the case . 
  yup , the only difference is that our laws are built around christian culture and do n't conflict each other . 
  it is really sad how a couple of idiots destroy the reputation of a whole nation : /, 
  putin bless you sir !, 
  this is not true . 
  it is just that western media want us to think that russia lost because they do not like putin . 
  i ca n't speak for all the people in serbia but the couple of serbs i know could not care less about this whole kosovo thing . 
  even if i think that kosovo should still be a part of serbia i also think that it is useless to hope that you guys will get it back anytime soon . 
  it 's pretty useless to think about the same war over and over again imo . 
  do n't worry you will . 
  the eu needs serbia because it would be dangerous to have an ally of russia nearby . 
  they will give you guys everything you want the only thing you need to do is take it . 
  the same guys who blackmail croatia because of the disputes with serbia . 
  smal countries are easy to control : /, 
  croatia would do it because we would gain benefits for turkish investments and so on . 
  but just because we know that turkey will never be able to join for real . 
  austria was as much victim as germany if you understand what i mean . 
  the life-quality was pretty nice during the nazi occupation at least for the `` normal '' and `` arian '' population . 
  many people liked them because of that and also because they did not know about all the crimes ( propaganda is a strong tool ) the regime committed . 
  this is also the reason why so many countries helped them . 
  it was just good for your own interests like independence better economy etc ... 
  i would not call it a western thing . 
  i think that it 's unlikely for countries like austria , sweden or germany to behave like that because of the lack of things like patriotism and so on ... people from france , swiss , italy , spain or ireland have a much stronger connection to their country and would defend it . 
  we are pretty communicative in croatia :p countries like poland , spain , italy and so on are also pretty social imo, 
  because he is still in ~ ~ essos ~ ~ asia so we call it game of asia until the next season . 
  and do n't forget `` siberia is coming '' the slav walkers are also still a threat !, 
   accept the existence of gravity or evolution ? 
  what are you ? 
  an evil jewish western propaganda ... spreader !, 
  everybody knows that erdogan , the first of his name , queen of the ottoman empire , queen of the - arabs - turks and the middle east and the first kebap , lord of the d\u00fcr\u00fcm , protector of the kurdistan , khaleesi of the great grass sea , called erdogan stormborn , the unburnt , mother of goats is the only true inventor of life and not your filthy evolution bs :(, 
   i really like slavic languages . 
  you are just to lazy to learn a different language you filthy croat :p, 
  come to us ... and open a company or something ... we need the jobs , 
  well nobody is able to deny that ... 
  i guess : / poor ukraine , can not into independence :(, 
  what the fuck dude !, 
  you are from slovenia ... you are actually austrian and much better than all the filthy slavs . 
  stick with your identity !, 
   we write as we speak in kroescha ewrifing is writen lajik dis !, 
  i mean literally everything even most of the english words we use !, 
  i do n't want to sound butthurt but albania was never part of yugoslavia ... 
  that 's what i call unlucky ... what an asshole haha, 
  why is this important ? 
  you guys used it because it fits the slavic alphabet . 
  all i want to say is that this is a good example for the similarities we have . 
  i think that this has something to do with being the eu-border or more specific the `` schengen area '' border . 
  i would not call you guys more racist . 
  i think that it 's just that slovenia has much stronger restrictions like hungary for example . 
  we have also racists over here . 
  the media make them look like a bigger problem than they actually are but these `` ustasa '' idiots are still annoying as hell for normal people . 
  where exactly ? 
  many regions in croatia are pretty different compared to each other but i think that this also counts for almost every other country like italy ( north/south divide ) , germany ( west/east ) or swiss ( with 3 entities ) and so on . 
  with that said ... could you please reform your bundesheer conquer all areas which were part of austria-hungary kill our politician 's ( at least in croatia pls ) and make us great again ... no ... not even a little bit ... pleeeaase ? 
  do n't you guys feel any close to croatia ? 
  we are pretty much the same people with slightly different languages in my opinion . 
  sometimes it feels like people see just the differences instead the things we have in common . 
  why is that ? 
  croatia to but i do n't understand why they refused ? 
  there are quite a lot similarities between poland and southern slavic countries . 
  for example , the former font used by poles was the `` glagoljica '' which was also used by slovenia , bosnia and croatia for example . 
  austria ... we need to talk, 
  we blame serbia for the useless wars we had to fight because of this greater-serbian bs from the milosevic regime but nobody blames serbia for the economic problems and so on ... 
  the only ones who blame serbia for today 's problems are some of our beloved ustasa/nationalist idiots but nobody with a functioning brain takes these people seriously . 
   the invasion of crimea is the reason for ukraine 's situation what i mean is that the invasion is the reason for the bad economy not for the corruption . 
  this war cost ukraine much more than a huge country like russia even with the sanctions . 
  i ca n't even argue anymore when our stupid anti-serbian nationalist say that the communist chetniks kill us slowly ... they are right . 
  look what they do with our air ... 
  because being a countrie completely relying on russia was so much better . 
  the invasion of crimea is the reason for ukraines situation not the corrupt leadership which would be much easier to handle without russia fighting a war against you . 
  this sounds much easier that it is . 
  countries have massive corruption problems even without fighting a war against a enemy with nearly unlimited recources and support . 
  it would be a wonder if ukraine manages to create a stable economy anytime soon . 
  i would not call it bullshit . 
  to call him puppet is mybe too much but it 's pretty clear that russia had much influence in ukraine and its politics . 
  it 's good that he is gone imo ... 
  it seems very often that militaries in general ( not only the nato ) have no problem even with very devastating collateral damage . 
  sometimes it looks like : - `` sir , there could or could not be hostile activities in the village over there . '', 
  - `` understood blow them up just to be shure ! '', 
  and the sad true is that there are also sadistic assholes on every side and that they do n't have a problem to kill civilians like many incidents during for example the gulf wars or the yugoslav wars proved us . 
  even if the nato did mistakes ( as always ) i would also blame the former serbian milosevic regime for the bombings and all the unnecessary wars . 
  they are right . 
  people on bikes are annoying enough even without phones . 
  here are at least some solutions : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyeygihbdwq&amp;ab_channel=bbc, 
  as if one crisis is n't enough ... 
  and what about us . 
  do nijemci do n't like us anymore . 
  cries in croatian ... 
  there is nothing you ca n't fix with a little bit of panzer tape,
