  enough is enough . 
  it is currently the only way to punish them . 
  doing nothing would be much worse . 
  it is not acceptable to behave like nothing happened imo . 
  true . 
  we can shit talk all we want but they are the reason we are save . 
  they are not suicidal . 
  they are just to lazy to go to the kitchen . 
  * best korea, 
  ihmed ... you should go to bed . 
  well our idiots do the exact same thing all the time ... 
  i simply ca n't believe this . 
  i mean ... what the fuck . 
  `` poor '' was definitely the wrong word . 
  sry for that . 
   but nowhere near the poor parts of turkey you ca n't really compare whole nations to some parts of another nation . 
  ( i made the same mistake ) but i think it is fair to say that there are locations in ee which are as bad as the poor parts of turkey . 
   according to you you are part of the ` good rich europe ' i never said anything like that . 
  i said that the standard of living in these countries is comparable to turkey or worse . 
  greece is part of southern europe as far as i know . 
  the data i looked at was from 2013 which was a mistake . 
   it 's super hypocritical to draw the line exactly at your country . 
  i do n't see this as a competition or something like that . 
  why is it hypocritical to include my country ? 
  the countries you listet are all economically much worse than croatia . 
  greece is southern europe . 
  i do n't see this as a dick measuring contest or which country is `` better '' . 
  forgot about the baltics . 
  sry guys . 
  most likely yes ... 
   ibadi they are only a majority in oman which is a sultan ruled monarchy as far as i know . 
  i would still prefer bosnia even though oman is rich as fuck . 
  cgi it is quite fascinating how good it is imo ... 
  they did very well recently but they are still not comparable with the rest at this moment . 
  yes but you will not get killed for not wearing a scarf or getting raped . 
  not much as far as i know . 
  there are ~ 56,70 % muslims in albania but i do n't think that they care much about religion . 
  sorry but we need to expand our glorious empire . 
  i agree . 
  we will strip him and [ let him walk through dubrovnik with a old woman behind him screaming `` shame !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5au73e60dzw ), 
  we are not going to let you win in this cringe contest . 
  do n't worry britain !, 
  we are not going to abuse our power . 
  the war is over ... get over it . 
  it is not a nice place but one of the better muslim countries . 
  ... and the search goes on . 
  i think that bosnia ( only ~ 50 % muslims though ) is the most civilized muslim country . 
  this has more to do with the fact that they are pretty moderate in terms of religion but still ... 
  yup . 
  everything behind hungary / slovakia / poland / croatia / the baltics is at least as poor as the poor parts of turkey if not worse . 
  edit : pay respect to the baltics, 
   you can fairly fault them for their wartime conduct if you wish , but it was not they who instigated either conflict . 
  what ? 
  do we live on the same planet ? 
  i thought you were speaking about serbia :d  even if it was independent it would still not have croatians in it . 
  why should it have croats in it ? 
  ... and our `` competent '' politicians blocked them because of a dispute over schoolbooks ... we do n't deserve to win this debate with these idiots in charge . 
  croatia is not comparable to the rest in this regard . 
  we did this with slovenia already without any problems . 
  the problem in this very particular case is that there is no real justification for their claim imo . 
  croatia claims that the boundary should be an equal distance from each shore . 
  the claim is based on the first sentence of [ article 15 of the united nations convention on the law of the sea . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea ), 
  you could make an valid counterargument instead of insulting me . 
  whats next ? 
  independent vojvdina ? 
   wants to establish belarussian as only officially recognized language of country ... and this is the way belarus became russian . 
   better off being part of serbia . 
  i do n't think that this will ever happen . 
  this is not true and you know it . 
  this is not how it works my friend . 
  we are not going to give you parts of our territory just because you would like to have it . 
  there is no justification for the claims of your gov. 
  they are not innocent by any means . 
  the serbs limited the rights of the albanians in yugoslavia/serbia and discriminated them on a large scale . 
  they also caused 2 bloody wars in bosnia and croatia which was also one of the reasons for the quick nato reaction in kosovo . 
  i like the original , 
  jokes aside . 
  there are 5 conditions serbia has to fulfil as far as i know ... serbia has to : 1 . steer clear of conflicts of jurisdiction concerning war crimes , 2 . cooperate with neighboring countries in search and identification of missing persons or their remains , 3 . strengthen its investigative , prosecution , and judicial authorities , 4 . strengthen protection of ( croatian ) minority , and 5 . fully cooperate with the [ icty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_criminal_tribunal_for_the_former_yugoslavia ) . 
  i think that croatia should not block serbia ** if ** those conditions are met since they are set by croatia and and accepted by the ec . 
  i do n't think so . 
  serbia will have it much easier because the eu want to keep them away from russia . 
  only 50 % of every country suck . 
  the gesture is for the turks not for their gov. 
  i think that it is very important to differentiate :-), 
  putin would not do the risky and stupid things he does if he were afraid of the nato . 
  you should clarify that yo refer to the question . 
   more sanctions on russia !, 
  more weapons closer to their borders !, 
  you act like there is no reason for them to be afraid . 
  thanks for the info , 
  sure but was it with more than 50 % ? 
  was there a referendum or something similar on that ? 
  ok , my bad . 
  it would be interesting to see the public opinion ... 
  if you ask the population : yes if you ask the gov : no ... at least as far as i can tell . 
  i do n't know about macedonia but serbia has to recognize kosovo to become a member as far as i know . 
  really ? 
  sry my bad .
