  but they still need to hear how racist they are on a daily basis - . - this shit is just ridiculous . 
  what i mean is that it is pretty hard for every at least non nato country to even reach austria . 
  you would have to fight the nato to harm them and there is simply no one who is able to do that . 
  it is up to them to decide this . 
  people in general do n't think much about their military because the last war was simply too long ago for them to remember or care . 
  everyone should decide by himself if this is good or bad imo . 
  many fought against the ottomans from croatia to poland but yes austria did a pretty great job . 
  they do n't need a strong army today imo . 
  they have no enemies and others would fight for them if a bigger war would take place in europe ... 
  they did but they also protected the serbs in bosnia . 
  i will fix it, 
  hahahshs, 
  do you really think after all the shit they did in the last couple if months that it is not possible for them to call austria the capital of racism . 
  let 's face it they are completely insane :p, 
  do n't get me wrong i really love you guys i mean we used to be the nicest monarchie ever but let 's face it ... austria is neutral and it 's army sucks * , . . , *, 
  no they are not an eu candidate they are an `` eu candidate '' ... 2 completely different things :p, 
  i already hear it : `` kosovo je ... '', 
  the war crimes on our side were committed because a couple of idiots decided to kill civilians which is without any doubt horrible . 
  but it is a completely different thing to systematically commit ethnic cleaning like the army of the sk or rs . 
  it is not all black and white but you are comparing a fly to an elephant in this case . 
  nato =\\ = america . 
  they did it because they wanted to `` protect '' the serbian population in banja luka and so on . 
  unfortunately this also meant to harm the other entities in bosnia . 
  everyone needs to decide by himself if it was right to stop the operation . 
  `` they are responsible for isis '' - is one of my favorites . 
  it is also nice to see how the people from the middle east blame israel and the usa for everything :p, 
  srebrenica is just the most well known crime in bosnia . 
  there are several other like the `` cleaning '' in prijedor , banja luka or the bosnian posavina . 
  it would have been interesting to see how much of this could have been prevented if operation oluja were able to go through all of bih and not just the western parts : /, 
  please ... 
  shut up, 
  thanks a lot . 
  i already see it ... orasije looks just insane haha . 
  happy v-day , 
  it is annoying as hell imo . 
  people seem to think that if one side is `` bad '' the other one must be great then . 
  how the fuck does this make any sense ? 
  no this is not true . 
  it was only a small amount of serbs who converted to islam during the ottoman occupation . 
  the bosnians had their own nationalitie at this time . 
  the bosnians know that their culture , religions etc ... was brought my the turks the serbs on the other hand hate them because the ottomans occupied them for hundreds of years . 
  this is the reason why we use it as en insult against them . 
  but it is just a common joke so do n't take it too serious . 
  no the correct insult for serbs is turks . 
  i think that this was not the best topic to mention an ami classic :d, 
  they do n't . 
  i pay high co2 taxes ... 
  i 'm maybe pretty alone here but i would buy a fun or ( if necessary ) practical vehicle even if it is not very environment friendly . 
  i should maybe care about it but i simply do n't . 
  i would lie to myself by saying something different . 
  i think that they are pretty impressive to be honest . 
  but it is not really an option here because of the lack in infrastructure ( loading stations etc ) and because i 'm a huge muscle car fan . 
  with that said i still would n't buy one because i care about the environment if i would buy one it would be because of practical reasons . 
  i do pay for it there is something like `` co2-tax '' over here and it is not very low . 
  it is cheaper if you have an oldtimer . 
  sadly an 67 camaro does not count somehow :( it is still worth it imo . 
  yeah maybe . 
  but i still do n't think that me having an e-car would make any difference here . 
  even if everyone here would drive one it would not make any difference . 
  the air here is good enough :p, 
  i know what you mean . 
  i drive the car only because it is fun . 
  the only downside is that i could maybe buy a tesla with the all money i spend on fuel :p old american cars are nice but you will pay more for the patrol than for the actual car ... 
  call me a monster but i drive a camaro ss and i do n't give a single fuck about the `` environment '', 
  to burn it , 
  i think we just betrayed germany in the worst way possible and they will come with a huge bundeswehr towel to let us know . 
  only god can help us know ... 
  hahahaha no way ... you got me haha, 
  not having sex and jerking off to ? 
  but he is not completely false either ... 
  the possibility of terror attacks in germany is definitely much higher since all this isis crap started back in 2013 . 
  the policefoeces in many countries are working pretty hard to guarantee safety which is a huge problem imo . 
  it is true that germany is still very safe but the situation would be much worse without all the safty measures . 
  we could take something and give them this stupid corridor in exchange . 
  they could stop annoy italy and us and we would get ljubljana or something similar for the nice gesture . 
  i thought nobody would ever mention this ... where can i sign up ? 
  the grand canyon would be a mountain in the netherlands ... 
  i already see it ... norway and finnland will swap their territory completely in the next couple of years . 
  i do n't know why anyone would go to turkey with that idiot in charge over there . 
  i would not feel safe at all :p, 
  try to tell this someone from serbia or greece haha, 
  i 'm not shure if i would like to raise my hands to make '' '' when talking about a bridge . 
  i 'm not italian ... 
  most of the nationalistic `` muslims '' in bosnia are only religious to differentiate from the other ethnic groups as much as possible . 
  they are really not a threat to anyone and are also only a very small percentage of the bosniak entity in bosnia . 
  shit buddy ... you destroyed him :d, 
  i know many people from egypt who are pretty moderate when it comes to such things . 
  i do n't know if it is the case in egypt itself but they are the `` best '' muslim-foreigners over here imo . 
  they stick to their culture but do not show it off like people from other nations , try to blend in as good as possible and behave very very well . 
  it is sad and true : / they worship him like a god in bosnia even if he has nothing to do with them . 
  fucked up shit :p, 
  you have such people in greece ? 
  i thought this is just a middle-european phenomenon :p, 
  i understand that the situation may not be very nice for many people but is it really that horrible ? 
  some turks on this sub compare him with hitler which sounds a little bit too harsh to me ... even for him . 
  no way :d, 
  tell that bosnia :d, 
   the first thing that came up in the search result was the flag of his country . 
  you mean was not , do you ? 
  the first thing that apears whan i write `` turkey '' into the google search is the bird :d,
