  reddit does not represent the opinion of the majority in europe . 
   there are millions of americans who would love to finish what we started in dresden . 
  what ? 
   not that weak anymore ... we are not . 
  because of the us . 
  currently maybe but not without all the stuff the usa did for us during and after ww2 . 
   you really want to mimic germany !? 
  who does n't ? 
  what the gov does is not always what the people want ... 
  this is absolutely not true . 
  there are a ton of eu countries that are very thankful for what you guys did for us . 
  the british did the same mistake you did imo . 
  things over there do n't work how we think they do . 
  what was the reason for the total total nuclear annihilation of france again ? 
  there are a couple of secrets tito left here , 
  the french !, 
  ok , common lets invade them . 
  but you have to do it we do n't have a working army . 
  i love how istria is simply labeled as italy haha :d, 
  leave slovenia alone you evil tourist stealing peasant !, 
  * good joke though, 
  gib back republic of venice !, 
  he did good thing and he did bad things . 
  people like to think in extremes ... 
  well this is what happens after you try to manipulate the judges . 
  it is not like we did n't offered the slovenian gov to settle the dispute under fair circumstances like we did it with montenegro . 
  it is not easy to look even more incompetent than the idiots we have in our gov. 
  this is getting rediculous . 
  let 's just hope that they settle down this insane border dispute with liberland, 
  the potatoes are bavaria and the slice of lemon is south tirol ... 
  i see what you did there , 
  we usually do n't have very low temperatures here . 
  it does n't really matter if it happened just every 10 years for a couple of days . 
  the thing is that it is not easy to tell where these people come from ... 
  [ meanwhile in croatia ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/19330512.jpg ), 
  ... what the fuck did i just read . 
  but the croats do n't want to separate . 
  our population is spread all across bosnia and we are living very well in the fbih compared to the other entities . 
   are the bosnians happy with the other groups in their country i wonder ? 
  it really depends where . 
  bosniaks around sarajevo or mostar do n't get along with croats because they fought against each other . 
  bosniaks and croats in the northern parts of the country have a very good relationship . 
  shortly after the reunification ... bum . 
  it 's greece know . 
  i expected something like `` havanovjekosjek '', 
  yeah ? 
  but napoleon said ... awww fuck this shit . 
  * cries in croatian, 
  i mean the reputation in vienna . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i guess he translated it directly from the german word [ `` unsicherer '' . 
  ] ( https://www.dict.cc/?s=unsicherer ), 
   ee are all hardworking good people i used to live in vienna and this could not be further from the truth . 
  the largest immigrant group in vienna is from the balkans and they have a much better reputation than they actually deserve imo . 
  it is actually pretty insane when i think about all the organized crime over there ... 
  working without paying taxes , money laundry , selling stolen goods etc ... 
   either pisa test results are easily manipulated or i never ever did took this test seriously enough to get a proper result and most of my classmates behaved that way as far as i know . 
  i do n't think that the pisa test is very representative ... 
  we love you too poland . 
  people wonder why our villages look like a battlefield ... 
  it is not because of the war :d, 
  my father is currently in bosnia ( posavina ) and they have ~ -20 \u00b0 c over there . 
  he tried to escape the bura over here haha ... 
  it really is . 
  there is a reason that our houses are build like bunkers :d, 
  but we have this stupid `` formal enemy '' thing going on with serbia . 
  slovenia should be more something to look up to imo . 
  ( economy wise ), 
  it is actually pretty nice considering that they are like 7 million and we ~ 4 million . 
  do n't worry poland . 
  we will never invade you . 
  vienna is not the city it used to be ~ 20 years ago , it is not nearly as dangerous as other multicultural cities in europe but you can clearly see the changes . 
  sounds like a croatian merkel ... 
   you 're not taking this seriously do you ? 
  of course not . 
  i just like the silly conversations we start in the comments . 
  arab males have much more `` personal '' relationships with each other which looks pretty `` gay '' to many europeans . 
  it is not unusual to see [ males holding hands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnskimgueom ) and so on . 
  they are also have much more body contact with each other which can also loot very wired to us . 
  i do n't think that anyone would complain about a woman defending herself with pepper spray if it is really necessary . 
  do n't worry . 
  we are not able to form a stable gov ... 
  the chance that we get richer than you guys is pretty low : i, 
  * insert conspiracy theory * confirmed !, 
  we should be triggered poland !, 
  we only get nice stuff from the usa . 
  i thought canadians were nice ... * gib useless crap you do n't need anymore . 
  this is gold :d, 
  an excuse for what ? 
  true . 
  macedonia is the slovakia of greece and slovenia ours ( and vice versa maybe ) ... we still need a slovakia for bosnia . 
  edit : mixed macedonia with montenegro because i 'm stupid, 
  i would say that kosovo is your slovakia ... then again ... almost every other ex-yugoslav country could be your slovakia :d, 
  what about kosovo ? 
  bosnia and ? 
   primary holiday resort ... ... ha !, 
  take that bulgaria :d, 
  the hole post is about balkan countries messing with each other . 
  why are your minorities considered as `` bad '' over there ? 
  we consider you guys to be somewhat similar to us in terms of culture and so on .
