  i know that he is trolling around i already looked through his comment history . 
  the internet is not really a good space to make an opinion on them imo although you can find many nice serbs here on r/europe . 
  the problem is that the nationalistic pricks destroy the reputation of the entire country especially on the internet ... edit : spelling, 
  not in my history book . 
  literally unvoteable / s. 
  not on my map . 
  you know that shit hits the fan when people talk about buying gasmasks just like that . 
  true rebel , 
  it is actually liberlandish . 
  serbobosnomonteatian i hercegovian please . 
  i have friend from poland and one from czechia . 
  the czech can understand the polish guy pretty well but my friend from poland ca n't understand him when speaking polish . 
  can you translate this to montenegrin please ? 
  i do n't understand ... 
  same with czechs and poles haha we can usually understand each other without many problems . 
  the difference is that many slovenes can speak croatian pretty good but not the other way around . 
  just look at russia and turkey :d, 
  we are all well aware of the fact that ukraine started an offensive . 
  this however does not change anything imo . 
  what the hell are they supposed to do ? 
  they only make it worse for both sides . 
  it is nice to have a peace agreement but it means nothing if the next step is to wait and do nothing . 
  we both know that this is not going to happen . 
  the world is not fair : /, 
  meh ... could be worse . 
  here for example : http://www.criticalthreats.org/libya/estelle-fighting-forces-libya-january-18-2017 to be fair , lybia is 99 % desert which means that `` owned territory '' means basically settlement/city/village etc + the street connecting it but still ... 
  it was basically a bunch of misunderstandings paired with a very unconsidered terror attack which ended in one of the bloodiest conflicts the world has ever seen ... pretty silly if you think about it . 
  what the fuck has brexit to do with ww1 ? 
  holy shit , just look at serbia and the ottomans ... 
  which borders ? 
  lybia is currently a bunch of disputed territory . 
  the `` gov '' does not even hold ~ 20 % of the former lybian territory according to the un . 
  you ca n't however send tons of civilians into a unstable country . 
  lybia is a hellhole right know ... [ i mean just look at this shit . 
  ] ( http://www.criticalthreats.org/sites/default/files/2017-01-libya-state-of-play-map_530.gif ), 
  it is not a sovereign nation it it is a failed state . 
  the question should instead be if it is morally acceptable to send people into a warzone . 
  ... and cry together !, 
  well , you can always look at croatia and think . 
  `` we may be stupid but the croats voted for hdz again ... '', 
  i do n't say that it is russian propaganda . 
  i just do n't think that it is a good source in general . 
  this may be true but radio free europe is not a good source for this topic . 
  you could just as well post a link from rt or sputnic news ... 
  i 'm sure someone will come up with a plausible story for this incident . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  i should pay montenegro a visit someday . 
  it is basically around the corner ... 
  depends were you are . 
  i lived 18 years in vienna and saw many . 
  especially around the 10th and 16th district . 
  natural selection could help us out if charles and trump combine their stupidity . 
  we do n't remove the kebap we just want to keep them away from western - europe like austria and poland . 
  bosnia you traitor :d, 
  absolutely . 
  this idiot should not be allowed to work as a principal . 
  i love you < 3 ah btw there is a plugin called [ youtube video blocker . 
  ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-blocker/jknkjnpcbbgcbdbaampbjlhkcghmgfhk ) you can block channels and keywords . 
  edit : also for opera and firefox, 
  he : americans wanted united yugoslavia you : i like the propaganda you spread i : ? 
   serbia is no threat for us . 
  nobody here considers to buy jets because of serbia . 
  we need them for air policing . 
   its matter of national pride now and its easy score with voting base , they will buy them because they really need them . 
  the fact that they will sell it as a `` matter of national pride '' to gain votes is another story . 
   croatia will now most likely buy/lease the gripen as a response to these serbian acquisitions . 
  it is the other way around . 
  we plan to buy new jets for air policing . 
  it would be insanely stupid to buy these jets for serious battles . 
  we have the nato for that . 
  it is also completely useless to buy these things for firefights . 
  let 's face it they are there to secure the airspace and to look good on paper . 
  serbia ca n't be a threat to anyone in it 's current position . 
  it is useless to think about impossible scenarios . 
  the usa and many european gov 's supported yugoslavias unity back in 91 . 
  let me use google for you : http://www.americanforeignrelations.com/o-w/self-determination-post-cold-war-conflicts.html, 
   yes , i realise that we are partly responsible for serbia 's poverty . 
  there is really no need for that . 
  the bombardment was their own fault and they know this very well . 
  it is also a very bad excuse for their current economical situation since other countries managed to recover much better and faster under worse conditions . 
  this is just the balkan mentality of blaming everyone else ... 
  i really just wanted to know if the mistake was on my end :d, 
  he said that this day marks the turning point of the ottoman expansion . 
  i do n't know what part of this sentence can be interpreted differently . 
   easy , it is getting bigger if your ancestors killed more turks . 
  i really do n't . 
  modern day croatia has not much to do with turkey and there is no reason for me to hate them . 
  please feel free to quote me i do n't know what you mean . 
   easy , it is getting bigger if your ancestors killed more turks . 
  haha ^ ^ this is awesome :d, 
  he is a serb . 
  his posts are usually `` alternate facts '' but this one is pretty accurate . 
   were not you the one who claimed that mods would delete the dick measuring threads when it comes to remove kebap ? 
  what ? 
  i really do n't know what you mean . 
   and now here you measure your own dick ? 
  gtfo . 
  how do i measure my own dick ? 
   and wtf is wrong with the netherlands ? 
  they hate water .
