  the problem is not an `` identity crisis '' it 's more like : `` we have so many cultures here that it would be the safest to stay who we are ... '' the problem in many huge multi-cultural cities is that there is no need to accept the fact that you life in a foreign country . 
  i used to live in vienna and it it was not necessary for me to have anything to do with people from austria . 
  foreigners over there are proud of their countries and so on but austrians really do n't give a shit about this stuff ... it 's like they do n't belong into their own capital anymore which is very sad imo . 
  the younger generations which are born in foreign countries tend to be very patriotic because many ca n't see themselves as part of the culture over here ( at least in v\u00edenna ) . 
  there are so many foreign cultures in this town which is also the reason why nobody really feels connected to austria and it 's culture . 
  it looks completely different outside of vienna . 
  we have a very large community called `` burgenlandkroaten '' who are perfectly integrated and keep both the austrian and croatian culture . 
  i thought that i bought the wrong ammunition ... silly me :d, 
  pretty much yes . 
  it would many times be dangerous to go there even without all the mines . 
  there are also warning signs all over the place . 
  well , at least you 're honest :p, 
  we 're talking about kids walking around around playing a mobilegame what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  the number of minefields is not nearly as high as you may think . 
  many areas are declared as minefields to get money from the eu / state for fake cleaning operations . 
  we got 1 real minefield and 3 official ones . 
  i go hunting in these areas for years know and know they want to tell me that it was a minefield all the time - . -, 
  most of the important areas are clean . 
  the ones who are left are in areas which are hard to reach . 
  he is not as insane as erdogan . 
  it 's more comparable to putin imo . 
  just think about it there are so many similarities it 's quite funny after you noticed it . 
  the very first thing they should have done is killing or capturing erdogan . 
  it was just stupid to allow him to speak to his supporters . 
  no , i do n't think that you guys are `` brown camel riders '' :d you are talking about the western parts of turkey but more than 90 % of your country is in asia with people who are not comparable with the population of most of the other eu members . 
  ( ah yeah and no . 
  different does not mean worse , stupid , camel riders or anything in that direction ), 
  or you could simply ask the american guy up there for help . 
  bomb erdogan away ... 
  it 's as simple as killing sadam :p, 
  turkey would have too much influence within the eu which is pretty insane considering that you guys have a completely different culture than more or less every country which is currently a member of the union . 
  as yeahbutthatsnothing already said it is nothing personal but it 's not possible to make eu-wide decisions together with a member like turkey . 
  even if i support the idea of an independent kurdistan i simply ca n't imagine how they should be able to achieve this . 
  you win this time poland but we will see each other again and i will be more catholic than ever before !, 
  dear poles we are friends so i do n't want to be mean but we are definitely waaay more catholic than everyone else in europe ... let 's face it if jesus would return he would most likely be a croat * , . . , *, 
  they are actually pretty nice . 
  we should teach them a proper language and go for 4th reich 2017 !, 
  boa . 
  this looks nice as hell ... 
  lost souls ... 
  i miss you to austria !, 
  cries in croatian :(, 
  you can choose between : yugobetrugo , horrible music or poor as fuck ... 
  serbia will accept it sooner or later . 
  they know that kosovo is gone and that it will be part of albania . 
  do i count ? 
  thanks america , 
  the croatia have nearly no influence how should they `` sabotage '' bosnia . 
  it 's not like the bad serbians sabotage bosnia it 's more like that bosniaks and serbs do not agree with each other and the problem that you ca n't decide something if one half of the country want to do something and the other half something completely different . 
   yes they do , it 's called croatia . 
  bosnia is a county with 3 nationalities in it . 
  it is not the country of the bosniaks ... 
  the bosniaks are the majority in the federation and the serbs in the rs . 
  ther croats have no territory for themselves which is a huge problem not only for them . 
  the best thing ( at least imo ) would be a nation with 3 entities because one of the 3 would be able to decide when the other two have a problem . 
  the reason that bosnia will never work is the fact that the rs and fbih ca n't make decisions and block each other every time . 
  pretty much yes . 
  another reason is that the croats have nearly no rights within the federation of bih . 
  there are nearly no reasons for a young person to stay there . 
  they could either move to croatia or even further north ... 
  so poland is actually deadpooland ? 
  still looks pretty cool :d, 
  and most likely dead . 
  you are not celebrating the founding , you guys celebrate the conquest of a christian city and the destruction of the hagia sophia . 
  could you please just join instead of complaining all the time . 
  god dammit we need you :d, 
  but your country is also in eastern europe :d, 
  do n't make jokes about something that happened only a couple of day ago ... it 's disgusting, 
  i can live with that . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/cologne_germany_cologne-gay-pride-2015_parade-05.jpg http://www.jjamesauthor.com/wp-content/uploads/gay-pride.png https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/gay_pride_madrid_2013_031.jpg i do n't think that people like the guys in this pictures should represent the gay community that 's it ... 
  but the people there are pretty disgusting and behave like animals and i do n't mean because they are gay . 
  it 's oversexed and is a really bad place for kids and so on . 
  the gay community looks like a bunch of animals because of the idiots on festivals like gay pride and so on . 
  it is not going to happen . 
  i really wish that they could stop with this pride stuff it 's useless ... 
  i just need to hover over the hungarian flag next to your account name to know that it is impossible . 
  i really like you guys ... but your language is horrible :d, 
  because nobody cares . 
  the obly reason they do this for turkey is because they do n't want to make it seem they do n't care . 
  it 's normal imo . 
  i do n't think that somebody from let 's say korea cares about the attacks in paris . 
  they would care if the terror the takes place in taiwan or something next to them but who the hell cares for countries you never interact with . 
  the future of notsogreat britain and the united republic of ireland ? 
  and 51.9 % would beat the game :d, 
  but it is not to expect that it will stay that low . 
  the most likely scenario is as always that the p\u00f3und will crash pretty hard and then go up again . 
  i think that it would be pretty smart to invest during it 's low time because it will go up again anyway . 
  you guys must be celebrating in ireland :d or is it great ireland know ? 
  united ireland ... no ?? 
  you can join croatia !, 
  we would love to have you guys here as long as the english do n't come with you . 
  they are just horrible tourists and annoying as hell . 
  it is of course not possible to generalize every turk but here in austria many muslims behave very degrading toward the native austrian population . 
  i know that it is not because of religion because they show me respect because of my croatian immigration background . 
  but it 's of course not only muslims who behave like that . 
  people from other countries tend to do this as well and i do n't know why to be honest . 
  i for example view them as people who offered me a solid education and workspace . 
  this should be normal in my opinion . 
  turks have the same reputation as the other immigrants from muslim countrie . 
  at least in germany , austria , swiss and so on ...
