  watch their program for 1 day and you will see what i mean . 
  any you keep your right hand because ... ? 
   fine , you have the right to think that they are completely wrong . 
  however , that is no basis to ban them as such thing would be fundamentally dogmatic and against european values . 
  there is a huge difference between being wrong and making up thinks to manipulate the opinion of your viewers . 
   imagine that any media that defended the catalans from attacks on civilians by the spanish army were banned based on the perception that they are completely false and that the majority in spain agreed with the ban because it fit their views . 
  how fucked up would that be ? 
  you just made an example how it would be if the western media would behave like rt , sputnik and so on ...  the whole reason for free speech to exist is because you should be able to express any opinion regardless of how much it clashes with the hegemonic ideology . 
  it is not an opinion if it is a lie . 
  media should report the truth and not what you like to hear . 
  it is the case in many countries . 
  romania , bulgaria , greece , croatia and so on ... ( croatia is not really comparable to the other ones but still corrupt as hell if compared to other eu members ) serbia would be a burden for the eu and i do n't say this because i 'm a croat . 
  happy independence day poland !, 
  you had to suffer throughout history but know is your time to shine , 
  the problem is that we simply do n't know what he will actually do . 
  all we know is that he will most likely built closer relations to russia which is pretty horrible and dangerous for us . 
  we need to stay together more than ever before . 
  it 's fine ... we can defend ourselves . 
  thank you . 
  he could easily cause a huge economic crisis which would make a modernization to renewable energy and so on extremely hard if not impossible . 
  it is already expensive and not easy to manage . 
  you have to solve the `` smaller '' problems to prevent the bigger ones . 
  think about post ww2 europe ... now imagine it without the usa . 
  know imagine the russian influence without the us behind us . 
  they are definitely not perfect and neither are we but we need them as an allie . 
  edit . 
  i do n't say that the climate change is not a problem but not the most important one at this moment . 
  all i say is that an probably insane president could fuck up our planet much more . 
  we have a very good reason to sanction russia . 
  you are right . 
  we should have done this a long time ago just not at this very moment imo . 
  i know that and i also think that we should do something about it . 
  my point is that hillary would have done exactly the same and that we are able to wait for another couple of years if we managed to fuck our planet for decades . 
  the us are not even the tip of the iceberg . 
  countries like china and india are also not willing to change anything . 
  europe alone will not make the difference imo . 
  no it is not like that . 
  we fucked the world for nearly 100 years . 
  4 more years of trump will not make a huge difference . 
  i do n't like it but it will not be the end of the world ... do you really think that hillary would care about it . 
  she would most likely talk about it and how important our environment is to her but she would do as much as anyone else . 
  nothing . 
  he will never be able to do all the bs he says but the problem is that the united states know rely on an idiot to represent them . 
  the global warming is not going to kill us in just 4 years . 
  we have much bigger problems right know . 
  they are the reason why europe is as peaceful as it is today . 
  i know that many people do n't want to hear this but we need them and we need them working properly . 
  why should we celebrate ? 
  we have the same right wing idiots in many european countries . 
  have you more of them ? 
  i need fitting christmas wallpapers , 
  just look how big ~ ~ germany ~ ~ the federation is . 
  worked fine with the black sea fleet ... oh wait : i, 
  just imagine a slovenian resume ... 
  languages : - english - croatian - serbian - slovenian - german - austrian - montenegrin - bosnian, 
  i have a couple of slovenian friends and every single one of them speak nearly perfect croatian . 
  it is pretty comparable to kajkavski . 
  it is quite fascinating how many languages they usually speak . 
  it is not rare to see a slovenian who speak serbo - croatian , german , slovenian and englisch . 
  you know that you are in trouble when your best choice is `` not that horrible '', 
  never seen anything like that tbh . 
  in from bosnia ( cobanski ) raised in austria ( ijekavski ) and know in zadar ( dalmatinski ) . 
  it is hilarious that they really put 3 languages on everything ... 
  i mean look at [ this ] ( http://dovla.net/images/2012/04/pusenje_ubija.jpg ) :d, 
  you should really add the '' / s '', 
   croatians who do n't speak the kajkavian dialect , bosnians , and serbians can not understand slovenian . 
  i do n't know about you but i 'm able to understand slovenian pretty well . 
  just little jokes ... we secretly love our little neighbor . 
  you guys have a pretty awesome industry for the size . 
  you actually can see many of her e-mails on wikileaks . 
  not the ones i know . 
  can we rent her ? 
  true . 
  the main reason why i thought that they are mostly muslims is because i only know albanians from kosovo . 
   too little or too much ? 
  :p i actually thought that the number of muslims would be much higher . 
   i see the number of atheists is 2.5 % . 
  i 'd say at the very least 10 % -20 % of the population is agnostic/atheist/somewhat-deist but not exactly religious ( otherwise known as spiritual ) . 
  these are only the official numbers . 
  til : [ only ~ 60 % of the albanian population are muslims ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albania#religion ) ... 
  i would have never guessed . 
  are n't you muslims ? 
  [ or this one ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sisak ), 
  and destroy our gdp ? 
  no thanks :d, 
  exactly . 
  the nice thing about this is that it 's not very hard to stop at least imo . 
  [ jup ... ] ( http://www.mozzarellamamma.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/fat_people_on_scooters_171.jpg ) i love you guys , 
  he is from the usa . 
  sugar is a human right !, 
  i do n't think that anyone would be against it :p mcdonalds is n't doing very well as far as i know ( at least not in austria and croatia ), 
  this is not backed by a study but i think that soda and softdrinks in general are a problem because many people ( kids and adults ) do n't consider them as unhealthy as they actually are . 
  i know a couple of people who lost a ton of weight simply by drinking water rather than softdrinks and so on . 
   if you read croatian news , you must have heard about it . 
  they used to make jokes about it for a couple of days but nothing really new like you already mentioned . 
  and i thought our politicians are horrible ... what happened to `` our '' spy at the end ? 
  yup ... everything is ok as long as their ideology dies with them . 
  i believe them . 
  this does not mean that the stuff they say is n't total bs but i think that many former soldiers think this way because of how effective the propaganda was at this time . 
  they were brainwashed with this insane ideology and not all of them experienced the contradictions .
