  the quote from the title is misleading . 
  he never said that `` bosnia is not even a country . '', 
  he just quoted somebody . 
  the stuff he said is if anything controversial but not much more . 
  media is just making a mountain out of a molehill . 
  this looks awesome ... like it belongs into a videogame :d, 
  both . 
  i compared russia with serbia because i think that the war in ukraine is pretty similar to the war on the balkans in the 90s . 
  there was no plan for bosnia . 
  it is true that tudman met milosevic on a hunting ground but it is absolutely unknown what the topic of their conversation was . 
  plus the guy claiming that they spoke about the split of bosnia was not even there . 
  but the negative stuff is overwhelming just to be fair . 
  official jna troops supported the sk with the authorisation of milosevic . 
  he proclaimed the war by himself on vidovdan 1989 which was one of the reasons slovenia and croatia wanted their independence . 
  milosevic did basically the exact same thing putin did in ukraine . 
  edit : just in case rsk 4,177 soldiers and 2,650 civilians killed or missing 300,000 displaced socialist federal republic of yugoslavia jna 1,279 soldiers killed croatia 6,788 -- 8,784 soldiers and 4,508 -- 7,186 civilians killed or missing, 
  it is easy to send a couple of people back with an airplane but it is not that easy to sent 300000 + back with it . 
  edit : gramma :p, 
  i do n't like tudman but he never tried to build a `` greater croatia '' . 
  croatia defended it 's borders and never attempted to attack serbia . 
  no , i do n't . 
  the milosevic regime helped both sk and rs to split up . 
  it is , of course , a matter of opinion if you want to see them as one party or not but it is not deniable that they worked together at least most of the time . 
   for now , it is big money and time needed to civilize chechen society . 
  it is also a big investment to repair the infrastructure russia destroyed in ukraine , not mention the economic breakdown of both parties just because of this unnecessary war . 
   may be kosovo can be independent , but they need to divide it into kosovo and serbia parts the serbian part of kosovo is really small . 
   so serbs can do nothing in kosovo expect living under guard of peacekeepers in their ghettos . 
  it would be exactly the same case just the other way around . 
  serbia declared them to second class citizens which is the reason for the independence movement in the first place . 
  it is plain stupid to give every minority its own country . 
  we would have a 3rd ww if everyone would do that . 
  it was pretty easy to return people from bosnia and croatia because their countries were much easier to reach but it is a completely different thing to return them to another continent . 
  i honestly do not thing that they will ever leave germany at least not most of them . 
  i 'm talking about the present not ww2 . 
  why do you avoid my question ? 
  there is a difference between a couple of ustasa idiots who `` support '' a nazi puppet state from 1941 and a country actively trying to get new territory . 
  do you also support free chechnya , kosovo and so on ? 
  because russia is a perfect example for `` protecting self-rule '', 
  this is like this [ greater serbia ] ( https://www.google.at/search?q=greater+serbia&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1417&amp;bih=930&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewixnok679noahuftbqkhccocpiq_auibigb&amp;dpr=1 ) bullshit . 
  just making trouble because of nothing . 
  i was able to feel it in zadar . 
  i do n't want to imagine how it was at the hotspot . 
  even i was able to at least feel it . 
  do n't want to imagine how it must have been in italy : /, 
  looks horrible : / stay safe , neighbours . 
  looks like dayz ... 
  ~ twice a month and more or less the whole summer . 
  sadly the standard :\\, 
  do you live there or somewhere else ? 
  i 'm kind of curious know :d edit : should learn english :p, 
  thanks . 
  serbia did an insane job too in my opinion . 
  we are not too shabby haha * makes proud pose *, 
  no way :d haha indeed , smal world  gornje ili donje ? 
  and that 's how croatia won the olympics ... kind of : /, 
  next week on lesbos ... `` welcome to turkey ! '', 
  this is the shit i mean . 
  do you even know what you are talking about ? 
  the ussr used to torcher and kill people in gulags and so on . 
  they committed war crimes easily comparable to nazi germany and so did the partizans in yugoslavia . 
  i 'm sorry if i sound mean but do you really believe that russia is worse than the fucking soviet union ? 
  read the posts below . 
  everything wrong with the ussr was basically the same in yugoslavia . 
  - they were allowed to take a bath in the sea once a year and are not allowed to go deep into the water ( i think they said that only the legs are allowed to be in the water ) . 
  - they used to stay all they long in the sun to cover up plants if something managed to grow on the island . 
  ( it is more or less just a rock in the water which is the reason it is called goli otok ( = naked island ) ) . 
  - they got punished and isolated for denying their `` crimes '' in any way . 
  - they forbid the prisoners to kill themselves and gave them enough to eat to stay alive under this conditions without any reason because there was no way for them to ever be released . 
  - and so on ... 
  it is sad to say that but other dictators at least killed their prisoners at some point ... 
  the problem is that they imprisoned all kinds of regime critics and not only nationalists . 
  the stuff they did to their prisoners is disgusting in every way . 
  i know that i sound a little bit butthurt but i know people who used to be in these prisons and you simply ca n't believe this shit until you heard somebody innocent still arguing with himself if he is guilty or not . 
  i do n't know where to download/see it but here is the trailer of a good documentation about goli otok : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moa6cfx-ax4, 
  it had a better standard of living for about 20 to 30 years but the regime was as horrible as any other communist party at this time . 
  the thing is just that we heard about the shit stalin and co did , but who the hell knows about goli otok and the shit they did with their own people and regime critics ? 
  the tito regime had prisons worse than many nazi kz or gulags but nobody cares ... 
  that 's like our young idiots who are missing `` the good old '' yugoslavia ... 
  they think it was great just because they never experienced `` communism '' by themselves . 
  not even merkel would allow them into the union . 
  the problem is that their influence would be too high because turkey is such a big country . 
  they could make big decisions within the eu . 
  we would allow a state without european values to make decisions for us and we would allow a very corrupt regime to be a leading member of the eu . 
  this is not false , it is just insane imo . 
  why should poland want turkey in the eu ? 
  only if they are the only one vetoing . 
  you ca n't put pressure on half of the union . 
  not only the greeks ... basically every eastern european country will . 
  i feel great , 
  ... do you really want radical islamist terrorist nazis ? 
  because that is how you get radical islamist terrorist nazis ? 
  fuck you !, 
  everyone knows ... sea slav best slav :p, 
  this war could be finished yesterday if anyone would be willing to really help them . 
  it is seed to watch them slowly dying from here : /, 
  they definitely need to modernize parts of the army :p, 
  at least one time ... we did it guys !, 
  we do n't suck anymore , 
  fixed it ... im just too retarded to read the shit i write before i post it :p, 
  what i actually mena is that russia will annex belarus if they try to build relationships with the west just like they did with crimea ...
