  ( something like mass killings , rape and so on . ), 
  they think that the whole wehrmacht behaved like they did . 
  this does not mean that they are bad people for saying this nonsense just that they are plain wrong . 
  thats not funny you guys do n't care :d, 
  * insert joke to insult serbs * i 'm joking love you guys , 
  is n't this the case in nearly all `` country subs '' ? 
  breaking news : france allows software piracy . 
   a yugoslavian that happens to love seselj and milosevic whats next ?? 
  croatian cetniks and serbian ustasas :p, 
  no but he loves yugoslavia ( even calls himself `` yugoslavian '' ) for some reason and supports russia whenever possible . 
  i 'm surprised tbh ... most slovenes i know are happy that they are know independent : i, 
  holy shit this was discussing to read ... 
  stay safe neighbours . 
  haha ... know that you say it :d, 
  you are right . 
  amv 's are more or less everything you need . 
  tanks ( especially the old soviet crap ) are useless in modern conflicts . 
  the only countries who need them are usa , israel and so on because they use them against `` low tec '' enemies . 
  well it is not an active mosque which is good imo . 
  but do you really expect that the ottomans would tolerate a giant church in their islamic empire ? 
  no we just hope to get tanks for free : i, 
  this does not affect tourism . 
  croatia supports the sanctions and is even part of the eu but we also have many russians here in summer . 
  thanks for answering my questions . 
  it is good to have these options considering that the current candidates are going from one scandal to another and that they are the most unpopular candidates in the history of the usa . 
  ( if what i hear in media is correct ), 
  it was just a joke :p, 
   for selfish reasons ( commies could n't buy coca cola ) but still . 
  i think countries should at least spend 2.0 % of gdp like promised . 
  you are right . 
  what tump says and what he can do are 2 different things at the end . 
  i do n't understand much of us politics but would n't the congress be able to block every of his insane ideas anyway ? 
  even a huge part of the republican party is against him as far as i know ... 
  assholes :d, 
  people here like to talk shit about the usa and nato but europe would not be the peaceful continent it currently is without them . 
  we do n't even have to pay for our own security ... 
  you guys can change this very fast . 
  just stay with us : i, 
  poland never fails to amaze me , 
  do n't worry the 90 's are over . 
  we call it ceska since the split . 
  close enough :p, 
  at least you tried :-), 
  or tito ... 
  he was our equivalent to stalin and hitler but he is also a pretty well known person ... 
   alexander the great always fun to speak about the most famous macedonian in human history . 
  bosnia is the mexico of europe . 
  why do you think that the birth rates in western countries are so low . 
  putin is right after all ... yurop = super gay, 
  thank you , 
  nice thank you , 
  i also like this band very much : - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4em1jsg92k can you recommend me some other popular bands like this one ? 
  the old ones are usually better but i know how hard it is to get a clean hq version of older songs . 
  ( 70 - 90s rock etc ), 
  the last one is great , 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/yuxk7axibx0?t=4m15s ) one is my personal favorite song from azra :d just out of interest . 
  what would be your favorite song if you would have to stick with just pure slovenian ? 
  i ca n't decide between these two . 
  1 # - [ oliver dragojevi\u0107 - cesarica ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lwgvfqx2mm ) 2 # - [ prljavo kazali\u0161te - uzalud vam trud svira\u010di ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1haujrsqei ), 
  out of all the songs available you really choose this one ? 
  watch out merica . 
  there is a new superpower on the horizon , 
  we know what you guys are trying to do ... we are allowed to join right ? 
  welcome back fellow countrymen , 
  we can combine our cheap useless airforce with you expensive useless airforce !, 
  not in croatia or slovakia as far as i know . 
  ( i 'm no that familiar with hungary and other regions though . ), 
  i should spare some time for a visit neighbors . 
  we also make sure that everyone knows that we made it . 
  everyone !, 
  you are rich compared to the rest . 
  croatia is n't far of but the difference is giant if you compare us to other ex-yu countries . 
  i guess we can live with that , 
  yeah :d 100 % accurate . 
  because our name is `` hrvatska '' . 
  fun fact : the surame horvath ( or horvat ) which is really popular in hungary and one of the most used surnames in slovakia actually means `` croat '' , 
  why ? 
  they can use our coastline like before 1900 . 
  i ca n't speak for you guys but we have no other options . 
  all parties are corrupt as hell and it is to risky to vote for the small ones because it could make one of the current parties strong enough go without any coalition . 
  russia or china are not leading in this direction as far as i can tell . 
  yugoslavias opposition movement was a lot stronger than any regime critical group in either china or russia . 
  this also count 's for the ussr . 
  their nukes are also their own risk . 
  we can say what we want about their leaders but neither putin or the communist party in china are insane enough to basically nuke themselves . 
  how do you respond to a missile shield by creating a joint defense deal ? 
  our leaders should simply be paid by the minimum wage . 
  this would either lead to a country without any leaders or the biggest economic grow in our history :d kind of win/win :p, 
  madari ... madari never change ;d, 
   if you watch only the cnn or the bbc you will mostly have 2 complete different opinions . 
  it really depends on the topic . 
  i ca n't remember that any of these channels reported differently about the topics you mentioned . 
  but feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  it is not propaganda just because people tend to have an opinion on something . 
  all the points you listed are also pretty horrible examples for `` eu - propaganda '' . 
  it is not just in latvia . 
  the sad truth is that one extreme always creates another . 
  it sometimes seems like the majority of people is not able to have an objective opinion on something . 
  i guess it is easier to see everything in black & white : /, 
  my point is that you see such things on all of them and not that you need to watch every single one of them to get these informations .
