  maybe after putin ... 
  i always thought that russia will become an ally sooner or later . 
  then they invaded crimea : /, 
  does it matter though . 
  you are as stupid as they are if bad weather prevents you from stopping this nonsense . 
  [ goodbye . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/k9ke_qr3tx0?t=1m54s ), 
  i never thought about even if it is actually pretty obvious . 
  slovenia is not austria or germany but the quality of life is much better than in albania or serbia . 
  we have some border disputes but that 's basically it . 
  our relationship is very good . 
   i go to church one or two times a year , and it 's because my mom insist . 
  most people i know do it for the exact same reason tbh . 
  i for example like the values of christianity but do n't want to deal much with the church itself . 
  younger people also tend to criticize the church very often for it 's influence on the gov and so on . 
  it is very interesting to hear these things from the perspective of a foreigner . 
  thank you . 
  it is not as important as many people think . 
  it is true that many people still believe in god but i personally do n't know many young people who are really religious . 
  most people go to church 2 a year and thats basically it . 
  this is also true for other ex-yu countries like serbia or bosnia . 
  the only difference is that they connect their national identity with their religion which is something we also do but not nearly as much . 
  triggered !, 
  really ? 
  do you have other groups of immigrants i do n't know about ? 
  i always thought that these stupid comments would stop after the election . 
  i thought they were a part of the election just to get some votes ... 
  i was wrong . 
  true my bad . 
  what i mean is that this conflict was not caused by serbia as far as i know . 
  serbia was the reason for every single war in the region except the conflict between macedonia and albania . 
  you do n't need to be a nationalist to support one side or the other . 
  the difference is how you show it . 
  just put it under everything from rt or fox news . 
  i do n't really have an opinion on this conflict . 
  i have basically nothing to do with it . 
  they secretly want the anschluss . 
  trust me . 
   either bash or demonize us the biggest problem you guys have is the insane amount of nationalism . 
  these guys destroy the reputation of your country and they are the first thing you should get rid of . 
  do n't get me wrong we have the same kind of people in croatia but they are decreasing heavily . 
  ( thanks god for that ) another point is this living in the past shit . 
  nobody cares who did what in ww2 . 
  it has nothing to do with the present ( except for scum like neo-nazis etc ) and there is no sane person who would use it to justify the actions of his country/people etc. 
  it only makes things worse . 
   and who do you consider an ally ? 
  today ? 
  obviously the nato and it 's members . 
   wikipedia states only 21 % of croatian croats were in partisans , depends on the source . 
  my information is from titos book `` borba za oslobodjenje jugoslavije ''  yes , every occupied country did , but serb puppet government was just that , a pupped , it was a real minority , since most of yugoslav partisans were formed out of serbs . 
  yet , serbs did n't make a whole new genocide on their own , nor did they slaughter so many people . 
  sure the collaborationist government had attrocities , but it pales in comparison to the ones croats willingly did . 
  buddy . 
  i do n't support nazis , i do n't care about the nazis and i 'm glad that they are gone . 
  i do n't live in the 1940 's . 
  i simply said that that i would question my ideals if i would consider russia as an ally . 
  i never said anything about f ** king ww2 . 
  i talk about the present . 
   you bash serbia for calling russia it 's brother ( serbs generaly do n't only hardcore nationalists and westerners ) i do n't . 
  i said that i would question my ideals if i would consider the russians as an allie or `` brother ''  yet you willingly served under the biggest scum mankind has ever spawned . 
  so did the many serbs back then . 
  where is your point ? 
  many of `` us '' actually did because many croats ( 33 % ) served in the partizan army . 
  ( they were n't saints either but still ) russia under stalin is not much better than germany under hitler . 
  where is the point of your comment anyway ? 
  ww2 was a long time ago . 
  and how would you split it up ? 
  we have it better than anyone else in bosnia and i do n't see how or why we should leave . 
  the videos on the ukrainian side are either much better acted or a more or less objective representation of the situation over there . 
  i really hate to watch these things : /, 
  because over 90 % of it 's citizens are albanians ? 
  i would question my ideals if russia were my `` brother '' . 
  not really . 
  one thing they all have in common is that they are sick of wars . 
  but would n't it help them if kosovo were able to get stable as a country ? 
  i think it would benefit everybody if people would stop living in the past and try to make the best out of their current situation . 
  i do . 
  this was by far the stupidest think she ever did . 
  i mean ... who the fuck cares about it . 
  she destroyed her reputation in croatia and in other countries because of that story . 
  i 'm currently modding morrowind because of you :d, 
  morrowind is awesome but ... would n't it be better to do mod the europe hike simulator into a more modern game ? 
  what has the serbian gov done for the serbs in kosovo in the last couple of years ? 
  * i mean this as an actual question not as an insult or something . 
  catalonia is not very comparable to their situation . 
  it 's not like they are the innocent ones in this conflict . 
  kosovo is a much more complex conflict with many opinions , accusation and tons of bad blood between the 2 entities . 
  many people tend to simplify it and pick one side . 
   it 's clear they want something `` in exchange '' for losing kosovo , i 'm pretty sure they want just kosovo . 
  it 's national pride it does not have to make sense . 
  i love how you always go over the top . 
   this is all so embarrassing . 
  it became a meme at this point . 
  we know that not everyone behaves like that . 
  nationalists are a special kind of idiots . 
   the other would be that they are trying to reassure the people that the stance of the serbian government has n't changed , is n't it enough to mention it at least 2 times every 10 minutes ? 
  they printed a political / nationalistic statement on a train to provoke people living in the disputed area ... 
  if this is n't childish i do n't know what is :d, 
  a + for creativity . 
   ecause the way people here , including you , talk , i never said anything like that but feel free to quote me if you want .
