  i see it on tv on channels like bbc , orf , zdf , and even on shitty networks like hrt , cnn etc all the time . 
  they talk about them together because it 's happening at the same time . 
  i do n't see any problems with that . 
   for expample european countries are selling weapons to saudis . 
  this was never a secret and it was in the news all the time . 
   at least most of them are . 
  only slovenia , croatia and maybe montenegro . 
  i ca n't think of anything which is currently better in any other ex-yu republic . 
   by winning elections against i do n't think that this is an option tbh . 
  he has to much influence to be stopped in a `` democratic '' way . 
  pls correct me if i 'm wrong but wans ' t the conflict calmed before the army operations in an kurdish town ( i think it was cizre but i 'm not sure ) . 
  why are there so many attacks recently ? 
  one side will lie and nobody will be able to say who is right . 
  like always : /, 
  no keep it . 
  we do n't want it : i, 
  well done , susjed !, 
  on their own ground yes . 
  but i 'm not sure it they are able to secure the air on `` enemy '' ground that fast . 
  the point i try to make is that russia has no chance to invade a nato country and hold the area . 
  i do n't think that this is as important as it was back in ww2 . 
  big amounts of soldier in one place would get bombed to hell in a modern conflict . 
   it 's better to integrate smaller , but wholly european , units together and have it gradually grow larger . 
  there are only benefits from a logistic military standpoint . 
  points like a united air-defense for all the smaller eu-members and so on . 
  croatia ( and other members ) has planes which require to leave our airspace just to make a turn :d, 
  there budget is not even the problem imo . 
  their main problem is that most of their stuff is outdated . 
  we were already able to see how the soviet era stuff performed and it was horrible . 
  you guys seem to think that the eu is much more `` connected '' than it actually is . 
  do n't get me wrong i would really like to see us closer together but the reality is that there is a long way to go until we are able to build a working military together . 
  i agree !, 
  italy gib 1/2 carrier : i, 
  no they would destroy them . 
  russia is n't nearly as strong as many think it is . 
  sounds like tump the brexit party or most right wing parties in europe ... pretty sad : /, 
  hmmm ... now that you say it . 
   but bosnia and kosovo have the highest number of isis fighter per capita in europe . 
  it sounds stupid but i do n't think that this is something unusual for the 2 countries with the biggest muslim population in europe . 
  was n't the reason for the incident in the police station more nationalistic than islamistic ? 
  serbia has not the military to fight a war against anybody and bosnia has no effective army . 
  kosovo is protected by the nato and the other neighbors have no major disputes with serbia . 
  the first targets of these people would be the other 2 ethnic groups in bosnia . 
  the fact that there was not a single case ( terror attacks etc ) in bosnia where islamists did something to either serbs or croats shows that there is no big problem . 
  it would be nice af if the eu would simply ban whatsapp . 
  we have so much better alternatives but everyone sticks to whatsapp for some reason . 
  holy shit not again ... 
  there will be no war or anything . 
  they keep saying it since the last war stopped and nothing ever happened . 
  they usually use topics like this to avoid speaking about more important things like economy or corruption . 
  when 2 id 's are too expensive ... 
  shut your mouth evil slovenian or we will crash our glorious planes over your country . 
  a cluster shell is nothing compared to our mig 's falling apart !, 
  there are huge differences . 
  you ca n't compare some junk news sources from western countries with major russian news networks like sputnik or rt. 
  only idiots think that sources like for example daily mail , the times or sky news are trustworthy in any way . 
  holy fucking shit ... 
  it is just for parades and so on . 
  i do n't think that they use it . 
  they moved their army ( jna ) in a already established country . 
  how the hell is it possible that croatia is the aggressor . 
  please read at least a fucking wikipedia article before making such stupid claims . 
  i think that wikipedia got a relatively accurate list of our equipment . 
  ( maybe a bit outdated though ), 
  i do n't even what happened with it after the whole dispute . 
  i think the problem was that the plane was a old one from somewhere else and not even restored at all or something . 
  i 'm not sure though ... 
  they still juse ak 's . 
  we have modern bullpup rifles . 
  they still use btr 50 's . 
  we have modern patria lav 's . 
  the best light vehicle they use is the hmmwv . 
  we have new oshkosh 's . 
  their artillery is still from the soviet era . 
  we have 15 panzerhaubitze 2000 . 
  ( but we still have much soviet junk ) just to name a few things ... 
  they offered them autonomy ... they refused . 
  slovenia , croatia and bosnia had every right to split up . 
  where would we end in every minority would like to declare new fictive states just becasue they live in a foreign country ? 
   ( you know the ones that had in living memory been slaughtering serbs in a concentration camp ) becasue croats in general are still nazis today ... do you know that per % more croats served in the partizan army during ww2 than from any other yugoslav country ? 
  do you know that tudman was a partizan himself ? 
  the serbian propaganda at this time was effective . 
   i hate them ? 
  sorry mixed you up with somebody else here . 
  i mean they hate the nato . 
  i will fix it . 
   in a serb mind they fought a defensive war so croatians do n't expel them from their homes in croatia . 
  but most of them know that they were the aggressor . 
  another reason i forgot to mention could be kosovo of course . 
   yeah i dont buy that and neither do most serbs why ? 
   or by exploding in mid-air and then the debris kills the enemies . 
  cluster shells - made in croatia . 
  so they hate them because they stopped you to invade other countries ? 
  this would be like germany hating america for stopping the nazis . 
  not even the serbs supported the milosevic regime at the end . 
  could you stop calling it herceg bosna . 
  it does not exist . 
  i said that i am shure that the nato would stay mostly on our side . 
  especially because because one of us is a member . 
  they will argue as always and nothing will happen ... as always .
