  people like you are like cancer for every normal discussion . 
  why does someone have to mention nazis every time anyone states an even slightly right opinion ... 
  i mean i do n't agree with him but what the hell gives you the right to call him a nazi ? 
  it is either deda or djed mraz in bosnia since the bosniak population is not christian and therefore does n't celebrate christmas . 
  same in croatia . 
  `` djed mraz '' is far more common than `` djed bozicnjak '', 
   the pkk has no right to exist in it 's current state . 
  i agree to that 100 % . 
  i just say that i can understand their standpoint in the conflict up to a certain point . 
  their reaction is as wrong as it can possibly be but so are the actions from the other side . 
  i do n't agree with him but he has one solid point . 
  the kurds are not the only problems and it is wrong to simply declare them as the terrorists imo . 
  the turks did and still do horrible things to them on a much larger scale . 
  i wish we could be that efficient ... 
  one word ... [ vegeta ] ( https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/vegeta ), 
  the title is still a bit off . 
  `` hit me in the face if you want but please do n't call me german again ! '', 
   the german secret service has them under constant surveillance . 
  yet they still have a neo-nazi party ( the npd ) . 
   neo-nazi movements are of major concern in france and germany as we go into the election season next year . 
  they are also a concern for most people in croatia and other countries . 
  the problem here is more that political parties use these things to avoid more important topics or to destroy the reputation of other political parties . 
   there a presidential election in austria this past weekend and there was a huge fear that a far-right candidate from a party founded by a former nazi would be elected . 
  hofer is a liar and incompetent like the rest of the fp\u00d6 but he is not a nazi just right-wing . 
   russia constantly uses neo-nazis as an excuse for invading ukraine . 
  they are also ignoring the fact that they have the exact same people in russia . 
   yes , there are bad elements in every former yugoslav country no i do n't speak about ex-yu countries . 
  i speak about germany , france , russia , poland , austria etc ... 
  they have the same nazi movements but nobody cares about them . 
  it is idiotic to pay attention to this idiots imo . 
  there are no excuses . 
  people get fined and arrested when practicing this shit . 
  yeah i know ... 
  pretty nice feeling is n't it ? 
  how the hell is it state-supported ? 
  nazi and ustasa symbols are not legal like in most other countries . 
  the serbian gov is completely ok with cetniks ( srs ) and they are even state supported . 
   serbs will just hate them more for that . 
  the thing is that the serbs have similar neo-nazi movements . 
  there are fascist groups in many countries ... 
  they use the nazi bs to be the victims and to have an excuse for the wars and crimes of the 90 's . 
  edit : gramma, 
  do n't make things up . 
  you were banned for trolling around ... 
  we have a great relationship with slovenia ... 
  they lost their neutrality the day they decided to change the tobleronne . 
  they are the true aggressor here . 
  well it would be a better reason than last time : i, 
  why bosnia ? 
  what happened ? 
  this is the best christmas add i 've ever seen ... 
  worked with kosovo ... 
  bosnia is a special one because the bosniaks want to separate themselves form the other 2 entities . 
  religion was n't really a big thing before the war at least not as much as today . 
  what do they mean with `` claimed '' ? 
  this is genius . 
  i mean it is so simple and effective ... 
  kill the saudis clean their cities . 
  move the refugees there and ... wake up, 
  alert !, 
  the country we invaded is testing missiles ... 
  we can help you with that . 
  we are quite experienced in crashing jets . 
  the problem is that there is no justification for slovenia to claim that strip . 
  we get the argument that you guys would like to have a direct connection to international waters but there is no international regulation / law etc to back your request / claim or whatever . 
   as ex fr yugoslavia country it indeed is politically . 
  no they are not . 
   having respectable army does n't justify actions . 
  i just asked if it is possible not if it is the right thing to do . 
  so what ? 
  is turkey capable for such a war . 
  do n't get me wrong you guys have a pretty respectable military force but is it that smart to fight the assad regime under the current circumstances ? 
  it is 100 % croatian too ... just swap the flags :d, 
  you can have the biggest house in the neighbourhood but do n't you dare to put a proper facade on it . 
  i do n't know why we should care so much about it if even the people on the border do n't give a fuck . 
  it works fine how it currently is imo ... 
  same on the other side . 
  is n't christmas supposed to be fun ? 
  we do n't need to point out how `` unchristian '' christmas is every time . 
  just enjoy it god dammit : i, 
  this is gold :d, 
   i am against all forms of nationalism and that is the main reason why i said what i said . 
  i agree with you on that . 
  there is also a huge difference between practicing your own culture and practicing this ustasa , cetnik or partizan bs . 
  culture does not mean that you can make up historical facts just to be different or better than your `` enemy '' . 
  smiri se ... bio je samo joke   serious question . 
  why do croats have complexes about everything serbian . 
  i think that this is normal because we try to keep our own culture as alive as possible after the breakdown of yugoslavia . 
  the same is true for serbs btw . 
  the other ( pretty obvious ) reason is the fact that we fought a war against you . 
  i thought it was austrian ... 
  i would like to disagree but ... yeah, 
  thank you dr.cabezzas :d, 
  there are many croats in bavaria but i do n't think that we are that many . 
  but we are also not very noticeable as foreigners as far as i can tell . 
  who is nr 1 in germany ? 
  they are also huge erdogan supporters ... 
  i discovered the reason why we have so many italian tourists . 
  same food for less money . 
  it was so simple ...
