2 months later and your figures have doubled . 
  and more interventionist wars started in the name of preventing these attacks create more chaos in the middle east , which leads to more immigrants , which leads to more sleeper cells , which leads to more terrorism , etc. . . and all of those immigrants will be voting left to give themselves free money , which will encourage new immigrants , who will vote left to give themselves free money , etc. . . and everybody loses because the left tax the middle class while the terrorists blow them up . 
  shut your mouth , your government brought this on you . 
  isis 's claim of having sleeper agents amongst the migrant groups are terrifying . 
  i 'm worried that things may become very bad for * everybody * in europe . 
  maybe they 'll swim across to canada ... 
  all these ~ ~ syrians ~ ~ * new swedes * will be voting for the left-wing parties in the future though , so they can get more free shit . 
  once these welfare migrants start voting sweden is screwed , because they 'll just vote to give themselves more free stuff . 
  i just went a few weeks ago , it 's awesome, 
  yeah , 2015 is only 3/4ths over . 
  the ones i 've talked to love to hate on `` evil german capitalism '', 
  for some people it is kind of cool to see it though . 
  what the fuck is wrong with german voters ?? 
  most people wo n't be able to afford to bribe fisherman to take them to the mainland , where they wo n't even be able to travel anyways . 
  having a different opinion than you makes me sound childish ? 
  believing that people should be free to destroy their bodies and their lives as they see fit is childish ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  no , we do n't need more vigilante violence to solve this problem . 
  interference in saddam hussein 's iraq is what allowed isis to form in the first place . 
  he was an evil dictator , but at least he was secular and killed terrorists . 
  hahaha !, 
  those stupid fuckers . 
  i 'm actually laughing at them . 
  i do n't know why it is . 
  i do n't think it should be . 
  killing people is worse than getting them fired . 
  yes , and he probably was screwing her too, 
  stop importing terrorists pls, 
  to point it out to people who do n't know, 
  you think this girl 's parents knew what was going on ? 
  her pedophile `` boyfriend '' probably told her never to tell her parents before daring her . 
  people are fucking retarded sometimes . 
  why do you care what other people do with their own dick and balls ? 
  they do n't kill people, 
  it 's ok to be attracted to younger women , but if they 're not finished with puberty then it 's disgusting . 
  if people want to hurt themselves it 's not my responsibility to stop them . 
  just because something hurts a person does n't mean it should be illegal . 
  they 're called * revolutions * for a reason . 
  this gif is the third post i ever saw on reddit . 
  turkey would n't react kindly to greek guns going off on their border . 
  you ca n't sink boats full of civilians in the mediterranean . 
  it 's not my problem . 
  are you for real ? 
  i mean , i could cite the thousands of stories about how the greek government is broke , but i 'm seriously having a hard time spending the effort to tell you something you already know . 
  but they break in completely different ways . 
  metal armor can melt , bend , and stretch . 
  you can `` puncture '' it . 
  bricks shatter , not bend . 
  they 're incredibly resistant to compression . 
  sleeping at 3pm is fucking amazing , none of you will ever be so blessed as to understand, 
  they 're called `` reactionaries '' for a reason . 
  they 're for penetrating tank armor and exploding inside of them , not penetrating concrete/bricks, 
  jolly ranchers, 
  * tips teacup *, 
  trump has never drank because alcohol killed his brother . 
  he is the first person in the history of the united states to make a profit off of a presidential candidacy . 
  he has no agenda . 
  that 's why he 's terrifying . 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  i do n't blame poland at all , potatoes are awesome, 
  i 've heard that before too , but i thought it was a joke . 
  i read marx in spanish while attending school in cuba , and in english after i left cuba . 
  i 've also read das kapital in english . 
  it 's nonsensical garbage . 
  you say `` wage slavery is a type of slavery '' , but you do n't support it with anything . 
  you make vague nods to other forms of slavery , but how does working in exchange for profit needed to survive constitute slavery ? 
  \\  citing marx unironically the argument is n't about alienation , it 's about how working to survive is not slavery . 
  [ exchanging labor for commodities/payment is not slavery . 
  it 's a religion packed in with an ideology ( sharia ) . 
  and the men on the extreme low end of the spectrum tend to have shorter life expectancies , so that skews the average higher for men . 
  oh wait i do n't never mind . 
  holy shit i think i speak french now, 
  crying : c, 
  how do they know it 's for snowden ? 
   sounds like what a virus would say if it could talk . 
  how is improving people 's lives similar to a virus ? 
  i disagree , i believe that choosing * not * to vote is just as valuable as choosing to vote . 
  many people are aware of the fact that they know nothing about politics , and choose not to vote because of it . 
  i thought cuba was most environmentally friendly country ? 
  these people are coming from warzones , it is not surprising that many of them are armed . 
  if you 're raping someone then odds are you do n't give a shit, 
  thank god [ article about it ] ( http://www.focus.de/regional/koeln/aufregung-in-koeln-kaufte-chemikalien-mix-in-baumarkt-gesuchter-mann-stellt-sich-der-polizei_id_5241117.html ) , again i do n't read german but i believe it . 
  i do n't speak german , but here 's a ( terribly ) google translated version of the article . 
  if a better translation is posted please upvote that to the top . 
   cologne ( ots ) - prosecutors and police cologne announce  the investigating authorities ask the population urgently to assist in the search for an approximately 45 - 50 year-old man . 
  the stranger , who is described by employees of the market from the appearance as `` from the middle east to arise '' , has bought last friday ( january 22 ) in a hardware store in pulheim chemicals , from which one can produce an explosive mixture with appropriate knowledge . 
  an employee of the construction market informed the local police the next day . 
   intensive investigations of police state security police k\u00f6ln have not led so far to identify the man . 
  the 170-175 cm tall , slim stranger spoke good german . 
  he 's got a pointed nose and high receding hairline . 
  he is wearing a short dark beard , in the chin area slightly gray . 
   according to previous investigations , the unknown has left at 16.20 clock the hardware store at the siemens road towards pulheim walk . 
  images of the construction market show the fugitives . 
   important additional :  there is no guarantee that the purchase of commonly given for purification measures chemicals is linked to a suitable third party , criminal motivated use . 
   prosecutors and police take the hint very serious particularly in view of the current security situation and the responsibility of citizens . 
  insofar as the wanted man himself recognizes , and the chemicals were intended for domestic use , the police asks for immediate contact with a law enforcement agency . 
  witnesses who know the man are asked to turn over to the police emergency call 110 . 
  ( de )  please address any inquiries to police headquarters cologne press office walter pauli ring 2-6 51103 k\u00f6ln phone : 0221/229 5555 email : pressestelle.koeln ( at ) polizei.nrw.de www.koeln.polizei.nrw.de --------- i 'll post any english articles i find in the comments . 
  i do n't think `` the donald '' is very appreciative of your parliament 's recent attempt to ban him from entering the uk .
