  i find the image of someone going through the world , mindlessly slaughtering everything that breathes , somewhat hilarious , though . 
  titties . 
  just does n't fit . 
  tits , boobs , breasts , you name it , are all fine with me . 
  titties is n't . 
  wyvern makes much more sense from a physiological perspective , though , so i 'm all in favor . 
  good thing they found it just before it expired , then . 
  you mislabeled your fonts in the images you provided . 
  our builder is in creative mode and resonsible for the creation of our spawn area and generally , anything that requires intensive building efforts , including , but not limited to our casino , our pvp - and mob-arena and general maintenance of the aforementioned . 
  so , in short , yes . 
  builder uses creative mode . 
  i love how tom searle occupies such a big section of it . 
  what mod did you get those fancy 40k doors from ? 
  cool shit . 
  the idea of a group of imperial guard soldiers being stranded sounds appealing and with careful preparation , should be an interesting scenario . 
  i 'll definitly give it a go . 
  for those interested , the images from the first post can be found [ here ] ( https://imgur.com/a/l4tqx ) . 
  cool shit !, 
  care to provide more images ? 
  and crocs . 
  welp , those things grow until they get too large to sustain themselves and starve , iirc , so there 's that . 
  edit : i may have paraphrased my partial knowledge poorly . 
  apparently crocs experience `` negligible senescence '' , i.e. 
  lack of `` normal '' aging and will eventually grow at a slower pace until it comes to a halt . 
  that stuff is still poorly understood , though . 
  [ tough shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6zmaalsgrw ) . 
  sorry to hear . 
  `` the lord is my light . '', 
  usually a couple of days , more than a week if you 're careful . 
  i like to go with a long-axe as my main weapon ( because the way the char holds the two-handed axes look ridiculous to me ) , and a short sword and a one-handed warhammer combined with a shield for close quarters combat that need quick weapons . 
  when defending in a siege , i usually swap my sword and axe for a heavy crossbow . 
  neckbeardy , yes , but also fucking hilarious at that . 
  i was considering giving him the nickname `` white death '' ... but he 's black and i 'm not sure i 'd be comfortable with that . 
  by now he 's up to 12 . 
  does n't need to use it too much , though , since i have a nice death box to deal with raids . 
  i know , i do that with my alpacas and other animals , but i use my boars for fighting as well as other tasks . 
  i should probably switch to something tougher for fights and use my boars for hauling only . 
  i had n't even seen that mod . 
  thank you , i 'll give it a try !, 
  it 's only a preventative measure , though . 
  considering i have 20 people and do n't want to buy out every single trader 's stock of neutroamine , i do n't see much use in having my colonists on penoyxcyline 24/7 . 
  also - as mentioned above - the `` everyone suddenly has an exotic disease '' - events are entirely random , meaning that having the stuff in your system always is the only solution , making it kind of meh . 
  edit : one has to keep in mind that the game is still very much in its alpha stages , thus i will save my actual complaints until it has been fully released and hope that these threads serve as constructive criticism . 
  the way they are now , these events are annoying , though . 
  i had it the other way round . 
  guy married the only misandrist in colony who then hated her husband and broke up with him at some point for being a man ... seems perfectly legit . 
  ... and then your relationship with them decreases because one of their guys died while on your map . 
  that would be great . 
  i have n't had this recently , but some time ago an other group sent visitors over , one of them od 'd hard ( but since he was none of my guys i did n't get an alert ) and died and i was blamed . 
  they would obviously have to work 24/7 , divided into early shift , late shift , and night shift . 
  i will not be forced to schedule my poops , after all . 
  she is glorious !, 
  i had something similar happen with a colonist of mine , where she died due to the combined strain ( on her consciousness ) from mechanites , wounds , and an infection . 
  so this is most likely it . 
  bit of a bipolar sign . 
  it 's nice how tom cruise is way in the front of the shot so that he looks taller than the rest of the folks . 
  `` turning point usa is an american conservative or right wing 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit organization founded on june 5 , 2012 by wheeling , illinois high school graduate charlie kirk . 
  the organization states its mission is to `` identify , educate , train , and organize students to promote fiscal responsibility , free markets and limited government '' . '', 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turning_point_usa ), 
  i have a ton of mods installed . 
  the relevant ones here ( i think ) are hospitality and medieval times . 
  hospitality enables the whole thing with visitors and what not . 
  although i 'm not too certain whether or not it also includes the whole `` friendlies '' - thing . 
  medieval times added the winter cloaks causing the overheating . 
  i 'm not sure whether any mods i had contributed to the rescued guys all offering to join or whether that was purely a vanilla feature . 
  clearly your fault for allowing them to use incendiary weapons on your map . 
  luckily the guys i rescued were severely affected enough by their malnutrition to remain unconscious until i could patch them up and feed them . 
  one of the ones i sent away , however , had a mental break on his way off the map , causing him to go berserk , attack a tortoise and die within two bites . 
  apparently it was all just too much for him . 
  at least the part where your cook runs to the kitchen in panic the moment someone dares to eat something has been taken care of in a17 , luckily . 
  i know . 
  but once i realized they were still around and looked for their downed guy , that one had either gotten back up again or was dead and had been hauled to dumping stockpile . 
  that was why i did n't know the exact reason for their lingering . 
  you should probably include in the title that your study is specifically addressed to people currently living in the us . 
  i 'm a little disappointed because the title sounded cool . 
  it would be a nice touch if one could chose multiple options on the last question , as i tend to use my pc for gaming , surfing and work in roughly equal amounts . 
  is n't that jon lajoie ? 
  i ca n't help but wonder whether the low battery in many `` phone screenshots '' is an intentional tool by the posters to offend people . 
  well , my reasoning was that your supposed so cheated for an extended period of time and kept it a secret . 
  this goes way beyond a purely physical matter and implies continuous lying and deception . 
  to me that is not a basis on which to continue a relationship . 
  i have been cheated on but that was a one-time purely physical thing ( i.e. 
  kissing an other guy while drunk ) , she told me the next morning and i forgave her , we moved on and she watches her alcohol consumption more carefully . 
  it is . 
  common musk turtle . 
  looks just like mine . 
  they do snap , though . 
  assuming the relationship started out as an exclusively monogamous one and one partner decided to go polygamous without discussing the matter with the other partner beforehand , that does very much constitute a breach of the original agreement . 
  more so , if the other partner was kept in the dark for an extended period of time . 
  regardless of emotional involvement , such behaviour severely harms the trust that is required in order to maintain any form of relationship . 
  maybe correct in theory but not a valid course of action in this situation . 
  being open about one 's relationship and sexuality is perfectly normal and accepted for heterosexual couples , but that should also be the case for homosexual couples and whatnot . 
  asking op to `` change herself '' equals telling her to hide who she is and who she loves in order to avoid dickheads . 
  and that is not a valid course of action here . 
  we can agree on that . 
  whenever i read these kinds of rants i ca n't help but wonder about the amount of public harassment some people seem to experience . 
  true , i 'm a straight guy and as such very much not the preferred target for catcalls , but i have yet to witness even one instance of such behaviour irl . 
  i am not trying to imply that it does n't happen or that op is exaggerating , but i am beginning to think this might be an american thing and less common in other parts of the world ( assuming op is american ) . 
  see , that first part is correct , that second part makes you an ass . 
  you made it so that in the multiple-choice-section one can choose multiple options in the same row instead of just one .
