  you should probably fix that . 
  also , when asked to indicate whether `` i feel safe when i am home alone during the day as a result of my internet of things devices . '', 
  and i feel safe but that has nothing to do with iot devices ... do i indicate `` neutral '' or `` disagree '' ? 
  `` be the change you want to see in the world . '', 
  he 's making subtle hints at what he wants to be viewed as `` good '' / `` the best '' . 
  real music fans stand by the one and only [ taydolf swiftler ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/taydolfswiftler/ ) . 
   mother teresa believed the sick must suffer like christ on the cross . 
  well , she was n't exactly a saint . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  klar . 
  and you 'll have their shoes . 
  kein problem . 
  yup . 
  the pi is fine . 
  ipv4 gateway is set to the router 's ip . 
  makes sense . 
  also makes sense . 
  i have reconfigured it for now to only block on ipv6 . 
  i went with opendns during setup . 
  i did assign a static ip address to my pi that i just checked and that has n't changed . 
  i noticed that i had set up my pi to block ads on eth0 but had it connected via wifi , so i rectified that and now the gateway seems to respond . 
  so that is something . 
  still no adblocking , though . 
  it 's a nice touch that you claim your survey to be open to everyone . 
  i had to answer `` no '' on the questions regarding my willingness to buy genetically modified food if they were available in australia , though , since i do n't live in australia and travelling there to go grocery shopping seems excessive . 
  oh ... and i 'm a fucking idiot when it comes to typing and forgetting to think halfway through . 
  i set it to block on ipv4 only . 
  so unfortunately that still is n't helping . 
  yes , i have connected the pi to the router via ethernet for that exact same reason . 
  you mean only wifi or ethernet enabled on the machine ? 
  already did that . 
  yes , the web interface gives me a nice overview of a couple thousand queries and a supposedly present number of blocked queries . 
  at the moment my main pc is listed as the only client . 
  i just do n't see an effect as reddit , yt , etc continue to show ads as usual . 
  i played around with different options a bit more and finally dared switching to the pi as my dhcp server again and i appear to have everything set up correctly now . 
  it 's working . 
  thank you for your help . 
  with friends like that , who needs enemies ? 
  i do n't know if this has been discussed previously but i just replayed farcry 3 and this occurred to me . 
  for context , i 'm talking about [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zcwxubho24 ) scene ( nsfw ) . 
  so essentially after proving your worth as a warrior or something you return to citra and in order to `` unleash your true strength '' she drugs you and you end up fighting this beauty of an ink monster with explosive arrows ( what ? ) . 
  once you 've done that you wake up only to find her topless and moaning on top of you and while no penetration was explicitly shown , i think ubisoft went about as far as they could in heavily implying the former without having the game labelled as pornographic . 
  to me the whole scenario screams of rape ( drugged guy , involuntary sex , etc. 
  etc. ), 
  and while the character jason appears to be fine with that and immediately gets up with his shlong dangling out of his pants to give the rakyat a motivation speech that does n't change the circumstances . 
  plus - and i know this might come across slightly neckbeardy - i imagine if the genders had been reversed and some male tribe leader had been shown forcing himself upon a female protagonist upon waking up from the drug-induced trance , ubisoft would have taken a fair amount of shit from gaming journalists for depicting rape as a means of enlightenment or something similar . 
  what are your thoughts on this ? 
  [ removed ], 
  as stated in the title , my os boots exactly every second time i start my computer . 
  i recently installed mint on an older machine , had no problems with that , whatsoever , only the os only boots exactly every second time i start the computer . 
  the other times i just get a blank black screen and nothing else . 
  turn the computer back off and on again , everything works just fine . 
  there are no error messages , no nothing , and when it works , it works perfectly . 
  anyone got an idea what that could be or how to address the issue ? 
  edit : issue appears to be hardware-related since things work just fine when netbook is unplugged and 50/50 ratio of booting/not booting occurs only when plugged in . 
  so i guess ... somewhat solved ? 
  or moved to another field ? 
  something . 
  i 've had an idea recently that i am sure , others have had before :, 
  many neckbeards and niceguys ^ tm seem to project their anger or frustration with their own lack of success in the dating game and their perceived incompatibility with society onto the ultimate embodiment of vanity and mindlessness :, 
  the good-looking , dull-minded , vain , sometimes abusive , and usually cheating gymrat chad thundercock . 
  now i know it 's an easy escape from reality when you can just blame the consequences of your own inadequacies - i.e. 
  lack of hygiene and/or physical fitness , social awkwardness , average or below average looks , etc - on some superior , malevolent force because it absolves you from any responsibility and gives you someone to hate . 
  reading the name for the first time , i could n't help but be reminded of some sort of comic book villain ( obviously nsfw ) with cock-related superpowers and a knack for stealing good guys ' girls . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  what powers would chad thundercock have ? 
  what would be his signature move ? 
  who - if anyone - could stand up to him ? 
  tl ; dr : chad thundercock - every gentlesir 's arch nemesis - sounds like a comic book villain . 
  obligatory `` i hope this fits here '' , but here goes :, 
  my girlfriend 's family 's old cat is being put down today after developing cancer at a very old age . 
  the cat has been with the family for more than a decade and although my gf lives away from home now for university , she is obviously devastated by the impending loss . 
  she went home yesterday to see the cat off and should be back home tomorrow during the day but then again we live in a long distance relationship and even her being back at her place does n't mean i am close . 
  now the question is : other than `` general being there for her '' ( i.e. 
  talking , calling , texting , etc ) , what would you recommend i could do to support her and make her feel better in this situation ? 
  as i mentioned above , we live in a long distance relationship and via phone is our most common means of communication . 
  my ability to visit her is quite limited because we are both extremely busy students with mandatory lectures and courses and such , so - if at all - i could only show up at her place for a short time . 
  any help would be greatly appreciated !, 
  tl ; dr : so 's cat dying , so sad , how can i help ? 
  i 've been playing m&b for quite some time now . 
  so far i 've mostly stuck by vanilla but i 've tried some mods but not too many . 
  i find the balancing and all in vanilla overall ok but i wish there were two additional commands to give your troops in battle :, 
  shield wall : pretty much self explanatory . 
  whenever you march your guys towards archers they just stand there with their weapons out and shields down and take those projectiles like the little bitches they are . 
  so i would like to be able to tell them to act sensibly for once and hide behind their massive shields ( looking at you , nord huscarls ) . 
  spear wall ( or lance wall ) : also pretty self explanatory . 
  especially rhodoks with their huge war glaives and spears should be great against heavy cavalry but instead of forming a spear wall and knocking those tin cans off their high horses they let them rush through their lines and hack them down . 
  are there any mods out there that you would recommend i take a look at ? 
  also what can i expect from pop ? 
  have seen a lot of posts about it recently and been thinking about giving it a shot . 
  i have two things i 'd like to ask :, 
  i recently started my first game in pop and so far fiersdvain have managed to royally fist both sarloen and the d'shar , leaving the latter with only torbah . 
  the former have been pushed back right into the empire so that those guys have lost all their castles to the sarleon and have only their cities left . 
  i can understand the iron tide effect the fiersdvain have as a slow moving , unstoppable force but is this a normal occurance ? 
  is vassalage worth it ? 
  right now i 'm working as a merc for ravenstern and my weekly payments are enough to compensate the cost for my troops and leave me with some surplus for extra bling . 
  how much income can i expect from a village should i decide to become someone 's vassal ? 
  what are other efficient ways to generate revenue that you would suggest ? 
  thanks in advance for your help !, 
  i do n't know if this has been discussed before , but this occurred to me recently while watching a let 's play of the turing test and is something i have noticed in quite a few games : in a lot of games the player tends to find various items ( i.e.
