  the game does it for you and all you have to do is memorize the sequence of the buttons you have to press until you eventually get it right and that 's it . 
  story-wise the game is just shit . 
  i ca n't get behind the whole idea of an average american student turning into a menacing god of war in a matter of days because he gets a fancy tattoo and is drugged and raped by a hot tribal lady . 
  ubi are trying to show some sort of character development as jason shows some initial hesitation to kill a person because he 's never done it before but once that first guy is dead he 's off the leash and just rocking it without remorse or restraint . 
  i have slaughtered an army throughout the game ... jason do n't care . 
  jason enjoys that shit . 
  the surrounding characters are mostly fun imo . 
  vaas is a cool , crazy villain and it 's a shame he dies halfway through the game just to be replaced with hoyt who is nothing more than your average evil-for-being-evil 's - sake-villain . 
  hurk , willis , dr. earnhardt , even that weird german merc are fun to interact with but jason as a protagonist is painful . 
  while farcry 2 had it 's obvious problems with gameplay , combat ai and the overall empty world , i found the characters and the associated quest lines awesome and - more importantly - credible . 
  every single one of the characters was a professional in their field , they were all seasoned killers who happened to get washed up in this civil war for whatever reason , but every single one of them was experienced in combat and it made sense that they turned into this scary adversary whose mere presence made their enemies wet their pants . 
  have never played fc1 , though , so i ca n't compare to that game . 
  good physical shape , the resulting confidence and proper hygiene . 
  even though they are supposedly pretty rare , i have encountered two in my very first playthrough . 
  did n't know what they were so i just killed the first one , thinking it was something similar to the crystal lizards and was taken completely by surprise when the second one attacked me from somewhere between the pillars in new londo . 
  the dlc-part is especially infuriating to me . 
  i get paying for a little something extra , like cool paintjobs for your gear , new character skins , maybe some premium gear or a short side-storyline that has nothing to do with the main-plot . 
  generally stuff that adds a little something extra but is not required for a full and satisfactory experience with the main game . 
  however , when you need dlcs in order to get the main storyline , that is when things get bad . 
  best example i can think of would be mass effect ( on top of the disappointing ending and meaningless choices ) : the second game ends with shepard destroying the collectors ' base and effectively causing the reapers quite the setback in their plans . 
  the third game then begins back on earth with anderson informing an apparently court-martialed shepard that he is supposedly lucky to only have been kicked out of the military rather than rotting in prison for his actions . 
  which is confusing because last time i checked we had just saved mankind from the collectors attacking us . 
  then i saw that there was a tiny dlc , set between the two games in which shepard destroys the alpha relay , killing billions of battarians in the process , in order to keep the reapers from using that relay 's special capacities in their conquest . 
  so for a smooth transition between me2 and me3 i would have had to pay roughly ten bucks extra . 
  fuck that . 
  are we both talking about the [ arrival-dlc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_effect_2:_arrival#plot ) ? 
  because i 'm talking about that one . 
  the shadow broker dlc i was okay with , because other than that liara did n't play a large part in me2 and only reentered the main plot in me3 . 
  also there 's still that bullshit about rooted and jailbroken devices going on . 
  i have been pissed ever since the buddy update that subsequently kicked out all rooted users . 
  before that i had waited a few weeks until my gf got a phone that was compatible with pogo so we could play together , then we had a joyful two days of playing the game and then one of the few actual good changes ( i.e. 
  the buddy pok\u00e9mon ) was introduced ... and i could n't log in any more because i have cyanogenmod installed . 
  good times . 
  a question i have regarding the recent speedlock : what is the maximum allowed speed before the locking sets in ? 
  i guess this is a bigger problem in the us than it is in europe because your infrastructure is much more centered around cars and a lot less around pedestrians and cyclists whereas our cities are pretty safe and you can literally walk almost everywhere . 
  but yeah , i am royally pissed about niantic 's decision to ban rooted users under the general suspicion of cheating . 
  i get that cheaters are annoying but i also know that there have been tutorials on how to circumvent the root check since the day it was introduced and it will only serve to keep the less tech-savvy rooted users out ,, 
  blaming hillary 's second x-chromosome is going the entirely wrong direction and makes an easy excuse as opposed to her flaws and policy issues . 
  could you turn the camera 90 \u00b0 so we get to see more of the tank ? 
  thank you !, 
  it 's mostly just that it annoys me slightly when the turtles leave the camera 's field of vision . 
  on top of that i 'd go with / u/celery _ goat in that you should n't overthink things . 
  regardless of what you attempt , it should feel natural and comfortable to you as opposed to a forced `` we are dating , so i have to sleep with you . '' . 
  so whatever you do , go with what feels right and do n't cling to set numbers or goals just for the sake of those goals . 
  if you end up having your aspired 3-4 partners - good for you . 
  if you end up with more or less - still good for you . 
  just do n't let your fear of what others might think of you govern your life choices . 
  ultimately the most important person to please is yourself . 
  because they have already banned all rooted users and that has obviously taken care of the problem , duh . 
  yup . 
  loved it to bits because it actually did the books justice while adding in a few things for the sake of challenging gameplay . 
  i absolutely hated the necromancer 's servants and the jumping puzzles in mirkwood but damn , was this a great game . 
  iirc the us never acknowledged the whole thing in the first place and many african countries have been withdrawing over the course of the past few years , criticizing its practices as racist , since the vast majority of people convicted by the international criminal court were black/of african descent . 
  so it seems to me , with russia withdrawing as well , the international criminal court is facing a bit of a crisis . 
  your brother 's gf sounds like a wonderful person . 
  she is the sister of a former fellow student 's girlfriend and we met at her sister 's housewarming party while my then-gf was in the process of ditching me . 
  became friends , she helped me through the breakup and after about half a year of constant texting and chatting online we both realized that our affection was mutual and have been together for a year and eight months today . 
  once , i think , by my brother . 
  had just put it into my then-gf while spooning and he burst into the room because it was morning and time for breakfast so he had to fetch me . 
  i do n't think he realized we were having sex but it was ... somewhat awkward to just lie there , `` cuddling '' , while telling him yeah , we 'd be downstairs in a minute , now fuck off . 
  other times i do n't recall . 
  i like this idea . 
  it is ridiculous , yet entertaining to consider . 
  apart from his obvious visual features , there is nothing even remotely neckbeardy about the post . 
  definitiv nupsi . 
  i would always recommend [ phoenica ] ( http://www.planetminecraft.com/server/phoenica-semi-vanilla/ ) . 
  does n't necessarily have people online at all times but the player base is pretty active and it has a random-tp feature at spawn so you can get far away fast . 
  lol, 
  also i am glad mp3 was developed , otherwise i 'd still have to go through the pain of reading a map to find my way to new places . 
  i believe [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/a6j7muxgz20?t=232 ) is the same plane , right ? 
  self-awareness is a good starting point . 
  as long as you are aware of this spiral and know it for what it is , you 're not lost , yet . 
  other than that , i would try and stop trying every once in a while because constant rejection can get to you and drag you down in the long run . 
  so i would recommend you focus on friends and such instead and give it another go after some time . 
  am german man , can confirm . 
  i did not . 
  i shall try this now . 
  thank you !, 
  i think one of the main problems with that - at least in the movie - was that the ai apparently felt that `` protecting human from themselves '' was equal to `` locking them all up '' . 
  also a takeover of a sentient species without proper consultation and communication is usually seen as hostile and will inevitably provoke rebellion . 
  i 'm roughly 400 days in and they are wrecking the place as we speak . 
  since my original post they 've taken an other of sarleon 's cities and are about to take the next one . 
  working on that one . 
  as someone else suggested , i 've started buying businesses in the cities ... i had completely forgotten about that part . 
  a true work of art , that is !, 
  this somehow reminds me of a tv advertisement show where they were showing how awesome this totally revolutionary , new frying pan was by beating an other , cheap frying pan to a pulp with it . 
  thank you for providing video material . 
  i remember seeing this on german tv a couple of years back with some new ceramic-coated frying pan but the general message remains unchanged . 
  i also remember them melting a plastic cup in the pan to demonstrate how nothing would stick to the pan because of its coating . 
  edit : added a sentence . 
  yesterday 's show in leipzig was amazing . 
  although i was n't overly impressed with either btbam nor with leprous due me not really knowing the bands and them not really resonating with me , the dtp was excellent !, 
  unfortunately - for reasons unknown to me - they did lose power for some time in the middle of the show but despite being very obviously very uncomfortable with the situation , devin , the rest of the band and the crew handled it extremely well . 
  plus after they had everything up and running again , i think the relief added a bit of additional motivation , making the second half of the show even better than the first . 
  to me this was a perfect 5/7 and i would gladly go again . 
  and hopefully will . 
  also that . 
  thank you !, 
  i have no illusions of being an amazing builder ... our server 's resident builder is much better than i could ever hope to be , but i am proud of the little things i do accomplish . 
  and not falling to my death over and over again qualifies as such an accomplishment .
