  `` what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . '', 
  yep and same . 
  tie between rise against in d\u00fcsseldorf in 2011 and sabaton in hamburg maybe 2010/2011 . 
  the former was with my two best friends a day before i left for new zealand . 
  mind you , i had only just gotten my license and we had a five hour car ride to and from the concert but it was completely worth it . 
  sabaton was just an awesome concert with alestorm as their opener and another , disappointingly bad band as alestorm 's opener . 
  but the two big ones were just amazing fun !, 
  my roommate did that . 
  twice . 
  in my microwave . 
  once because he had boiled two eggs , the one he tried was n't done , so he decided to give the second one a few minutes in the microwave . 
  the second time he put the egg inside a cup with a lid on top ... that got blown off in the eggsplosion . 
  funny enough , there are apparently devices that allow you to properly boil an egg in the microwave , although i do n't know exactly how they prevent the egg from blowing up . 
  some insignificant german town or something . 
  the graffiti that says `` keine macht f\u00fcr niemand '' translates to `` no power to anyone '' and the sign in the background says `` bahnhof [ ... ] '' , i.e. 
  some train station . 
  sorry to disappoint . 
  the faq has n't been updated , yet , so i fear not . 
  my gf and i just ca n't take dirty talk seriously ... any attempt would end either in awkwardness or laughing . 
  not to mention zucchinis ... 
  but is it going to return to rooted phones any time soon ? 
  just no . 
  a german blogger once hypothesized that one of the main reasons women 's cosmetic products cost more is simply because women are willing to spend more on what is perceived as `` quality products '' whereas men , if in doubt , will just pick some cheap generic brand stuff because whatever , as long as it does the job ... 
  so retailers/manufacturers are mainly just milking a higher interest in high quality cosmetic products by putting higher prices on products for a target group that has been shown to be willing to pay those prices while men 's products have to compete with cheap generic brand stuff and thus ca n't be too expensive . 
  i do n't know how accurate this theory is and i am by far no expert on the topic but judging from my own experience with different partners and friends it seems to be at least somewhat applicable . 
  edit : phrasing . 
  cool idea but the wallpapers have a higher resolution than my display resulting in them being only displayed half way and swallowing half of the quotes . 
  not necessarily . 
  usually they are and we have come to automatically associate higher quality with a higher price - for a reason . 
  however the reverse association of a higher price meaning higher quality can be treacherous/a marketing trick . 
  i 've hitchhiked all across the north island of new zealand while backpacking there . 
  the most memorable ones were :, 
  * some rich guy who gave a lot of information on the countryside we drove through , as well as kiwi economy and society . 
  cool guy , very interesting conversation and i got a free cup of tea during a short stop . 
  * a father , his way too many offspring ranging from maybe 5 to 19 y/o and their dog in a cramped makeshift-mobile home . 
  kids found me very interesting , older ones did n't bother much but overall a fun ride and the vehicle was just ... surreal , yet awesome . 
  * a pyrotechnician on the way to the same festival as i was . 
  unfortunately he could n't take me all the way there because he was picking up some other guys along the way but climbing steep slopes in an overloaded old van full of explosives ... good times . 
  there were many more that i can not recall in detail but overall i hitchhiked way more than 1000 kilometres and usually experienced friendliness and kindness at best and awkward silence at worst . 
  i guess new zealand is a good place to do this , though , since people there are used to backpackers and hitchhikers and do n't assume you are a potential crazy murderer . 
  also it might have helped me a bit that i am an in-shape guy and generally did not ( have to ) worry much about ill-willed people trying shit with me . 
  a few female friends for instance only ever travelled together because they did n't want to take any chances . 
  also that person may have a bit of a nazi-problem . 
  nevada , siberia and polynesia must be beautiful places now ... radiant even . 
  would n't generalize so harshly but agree with you in this situation . 
  mistakes can happen but this amount of lying and cheating certainly goes way beyond anything that could be forgiven . 
  edit for clarity :, 
  i am not defending the op 's ex or the act of cheating in any way . 
  her behaviour is despicable and being cheated on is something i would n't wish on anyone because on top of the obvious betrayal of trust it also hurts right in the self-esteem that your so prefers/preferred someone else to you . 
  i am just warning against sweeping generalizations vs. crossing that bridge once you reach it . 
  mistakes and accidents are n't the same thing . 
  accidents happen - as the name suggests - by accident . 
  you do n't plan on falling down the stairs or burning your tongue on the hot tea , it just happens . 
  by accident . 
  mistakes can be a conscious choice that you later regret . 
  such as drunkenly cheating on your so , buying a nickelback album or getting a tattoo on your sphincter . 
  your condition when you made that choice is no excuse but can be a mitigating factor . 
  i would argue that there 's a huge difference between drunkenly kissing someone else and immediately coming clean after or maintaining and affair for a long time and lying when questioned about it . 
  it 's both cheating and in both cases a decision that led to cheating but the surrounding circumstances and behaviour play a huge role . 
   i would be very surprised . 
  that 's the point ... you need to sure so there are no surprises for you . 
  i 'm not saying that you should always just forgive and forget under certain circumstances just because circumstances . 
  ultimately you can only decide on a case to case basis but i would argue to not just lump together all cheating as the same vile deed and treat it all the same . 
  not arguing that . 
  her doing it repeatedly * and * lying about it to op 's face definitely makes her an asshole in this . 
  i meant not generalizing in regards to all cheating as the same ultimate evil deed . 
  that 's what communication and compromise are for . 
  it 's obviously going to be tough on the relationship but not impossible , i think . 
  the misogyny is strong in this one . 
  i completely understand why , though . 
  being cheated on feels absolutely awful what with the betrayal of trust , the emotional pain and the blow to the self esteem that comes from knowing that your so - even if just for a brief moment - preferred someone else to you . 
  i would n't wish that on anyone . 
  it makes sense that people get emotional on a topic like that and feel little to no sympathy for someone who does that to a person they supposedly love ( d ) . 
  even more so when they have been cheated on , themselves . 
  dedication . 
  for some reason i find prolonged eye contact ... unnerving to a degree . 
  i ca n't say why and i do n't have a problem holding a conversation or interacting with people otherwise but that eye contact thing is there . 
  that makes it sound almost painful . . : o, 
  on top of that : i find it odd when people beyond a certain age still go for full scale drama on everything . 
  imo one of the most important parts of growing up is to put things into perspective and realize that most minor bullshit does n't really matter and that you should be chill about it . 
  sometimes i wish i could give more than just one upvote . 
  it is a little long but i think the guy is amazing and it 's definitly worth the 80 minutes and i was a little sad when it was over . 
  i get what you mean . 
  gameplay-wise farcry3 is a cool game , fun to play and all - even more so with ziggy 's mod as that switches the stupid red t-shirts to camo-clothing as well as a fair amount of other things making the game itself more fun and a lot more challenging . 
  only downside are the many quick-time events and thus the fact that as a player you get to kill neither of the main villains .
