kind of a the-other-way-round approach . 
  i 'm a straight guy and had sex with a good friend of mine who is/was a lesbian ( she ( he ? ), 
  is undergoing therapy in order to become a man so i 'm confused about terminology here ) . 
  i had just been dumped by my then-gf , she was single and we were out drinking with a couple of friends to help me get my mind off things . 
  fast forward to 2 am , we were on our way home , we were both horny and had no interest in spending the night alone , so we went back to hers and things went their way . 
  it was mostly a means to an end for both of us and we agree that it was n't the best sex any of us have ever had but not bad , either . 
  plus it 's been a confirmation for her that she 's definitly not into the d. we 're still friends though and she ( again ... he ? ), 
  is a good buddy . 
  tl ; dr : straight guy fucked a lesbian friend because both wanted sex . 
  also nutella and salami . 
  last place i rented with three others :, 
  first guy :, 
  * smoked in his room , then forgot to close the door, 
  * managed to move his dirty dishes and such to the kitchen , then could n't manage moving them the extra 30 cm to the dishwasher, 
  * had a thing for insane cooking fuck-ups usually leaving the kitchen incredibly dirty afterwards, 
  * had weird timing when it came to loud music/parties at our place sometimes waking me up in the middle of the night ... even though he knew i had to get up early, 
  second guy :, 
  * room constantly smelled ( dirty laundry , sweat , something ominous from his closet , you name it ), 
  * regularly `` forgot '' to either clean up after himself or clean the apartment, 
  * regularly left brown stains in the toilet despite the existence of a toilet brush, 
  * had to be reminded of all of the above and still forgot about it the next day, 
  girl :, 
  * dumped me while we still shared the place, 
  * also extremely self-centered and quite the cleaning-nazi, 
  the guys were and are still some of my best friends , though . 
  shame they turned out to be less-than-pleasant roommates . 
  had to . 
  we lived in a flat owned by the `` studentenwerk '' - basically a charity-thing that provides affordable flats and catering to students - and each of us had our own separate contract for our rooms , although we basically shared a four-room apartement with common room , community kitchen , etc. . 
  so neither of us could kick the other one out , whether or not we would have wanted to . 
  the other two guys pretty much `` sided '' with me , though and never really got along with her in the first place , so it was pretty clear that she would have to find somewhere else and i would stay . 
  took her some time to find a new place so we had an extremely awkward and uncomfortable 4 months of still living in the same place while not being a couple anymore . 
  the overall mood got better after she was gone , though . 
  edit : minor details, 
  also this whole thread reminds me so much of this :, 
  i know she had a temporary thing going on with a good friend of hers and so did i ( with a friend of mine , not that friend of hers ) , but we both had the common decency to keep our `` shenanigans '' out of our place . 
  the older he gets , the more he looks like a cool grandma . 
  now the real question is , are we talking turtle or tortoise here ? 
  i would n't be afraid of most tortoises for the reasons named but my turtle ... she 's devious . 
  hands down the dark side of the moon by pink floyd . 
  considering their background with the whole syd barrett thing the two form a beautiful unit . 
  dsom is more on the psychedelic side , while the wall is more monumental . 
  both are awesome in their own way but the psychedelic thing and the entire flow of dsom appeal to me more . 
  individually , i find comfortably numb to be their single best song . 
  how ` bout good ol' `` luna '' ? 
  latin is where it 's at . 
  not russian . 
  also who cares who got there first ? 
  guess where spanish got it from . 
  letters which are derived from roman as well . 
  just like the majority of western alphabets . 
  just because a language is dead ( not counting the vatican ) does n't mean it does n't count anymore . 
  please tell me , you 're joking . 
  eh , point taken . 
  there 's got ta be more to this . 
  there 's too much going on at the edges that needs showing . 
  trump would so pass for a champion of tzeentch . 
  any sports events . 
  football ( american or otherwise ) , basketball , rugby , you name it ... just ca n't get excited about it . 
  well , a few random good deeds wo n't make up for a lifetime supply of being a complete and utter dick . 
  also somewhat depends on the available vocabulary associated with a certain train of thought . 
  some thoughts are better thought in english , whilst for others german is more appropriate . 
  does that make sense ? 
  yup ... a gf that - for very valid reasons - only wants anal sex and actually enjoys that stuff . 
  speaking from a male perspective i 'd be fine with it as long as she is . 
  also like the op said : as long as it does n't affect her life in a negative way at all and there is ** no health risk involved whatsoever ** i see absolutely no reason to do jack shit ( pardon my french ) . 
  edit : made the health risk bold . 
  a good sense of self-entitlement . 
  and communication . 
  i once fucked a stripper because she found i was hot . 
   hopefully the perks of being king outweigh the risk . 
  or it turns into an anarcho-syndicalist commune where they take it in turns to be a sort of executive officer for the week . 
  amazing version but the audience 's stupid clapping just kills the first minute of the recording . 
  seems so . 
  but since skyrim 's graphics are n't that spectacular to begin with , i like to see an approach that just say ` fuck it ' and goes all the way towards a cartoon-ish style . 
  nah , most likely average hornet . 
  also known as more-chill-huge-wasp . 
  pretty much this minus the geeky part and the good grades . 
  most of us/them came from being metalheads and slowly went to conspiracy-theorist-hippy-types . 
  i was one of the few from that group who got a decent degree and all , while the rest did n't care for the most part and just lounged around . 
  you have a fat cat . 
  cool , best of luck to the both of you . 
  my best friend had a huge white cat and he was a beautiful mass of muscle roaming the neighbourhood . 
  shame that people care that much about something that should matter so little . 
  yes , the protagonist is black ... so what ? 
  black people exist . 
  they are a reality . 
  just like asians , women , lgbt , you name it . 
  embrace reality instead of complaining about something you ca n't change . 
  so far i am much more annoyed by the synopsis on steam going along the lines of `` you are hax0r , you join awesome hax0rs group , you must perform the biggest of all the hacks !!! 11elf '' . 
  like , really ? 
  the revenge-motive in the first game was cheesy but okay in that it was n't over the top , but this ? 
  really ? 
  but why ? 
  why make it a reboot of something that was great already ? 
  why not try for something amazing and original with that kind of cast ? 
  yeah but i 'm young and ignorant enough to perceive that one as the original . 
  also there 's a difference between `` waiting more than four decades to remake something cool , now in colour and with a current cast '' and `` waiting 15 years and then remake it with the cast 's gender changed '' . 
  feels like hollywood is running out of ideas and has a thing for copying great , old ( er ) movies , overhaul the cast for perceived diversity/political correctness and call it an all new project . 
  see star wars , the new ghostbusters , this ... 
  your skin colour/ethnicity is something you are born with and have exactly no influence on .
