  nor should it on these topics . 
  house/rent is actually quite cheap in berlin compared to many locations . 
   we also need offensive cyber capabilities as a deterrent and a proper cyber war unit dedicated to bigger threats than the ones listed above . 
  not really, 
   shh , do n't disturb the whataboutism mating dance . 
  `` whataboutism '' is of course a serious problem in any ethical discussion . 
  everyone should put his own house in order first ? 
  go ahead , be an example . 
  this is so hypocritical . 
  my government just did exactly the same , using the em as a distraction . 
  so pfff ... 
   why do we need direct national representation ? 
  i personally think that we do n't need it . 
  that would entail giving every vote the same weight , though . 
  the parliament has to approve the commission . 
  that is where democratic legitimacy is drawn from . 
  it still has deficits in that the comission unifies legislative and executive powers . 
  the lacking legislative powers of the parliament are indeed worthy of criticism . 
  but the meps represent parties and not countries , or do they ? 
  the equality of voting power , specifically . 
  this principle gets problems in federal systems of course . 
  the eu currently amplifies it on an unprecedented level . 
  there are of course good reasons for it , but it restricts democracy nonetheless . 
   how is it highly undemocratic ? 
  the equality principle of a democracy is unfulfilled . 
  edit : i am not against the eu but denying democratic deficits is untruthful . 
  let us discuss . 
  as someone from a democratic country i have a need for participation and self determination . 
  how will you fulfill that need without democracy ? 
  if you have more participation , it wo n't unload that decisively on a single issue . 
  no , i got 5 upvotes ... but you are correct . 
  it should read doctor-sponges . 
   a true federal eu with a directly elected president and a two chamber system will solve this . 
  speculation and frankly i believe it to be utopian . 
  political legitimacy can only be achieved by popular vote . 
  common economic policies is one of the reasons we have struggling countries in the south . 
  no , specific countries need their own mechanisms to adapt to a global market . 
  the interests diverge depending on the economic profile of the country . 
  i personally reject a common security appartus because of safety reasons . 
  psssst, 
  which is weird . 
  some years ago we had `` sponges of doctors '' . 
  i think they want to make it more acceptable , that they forget to trigger the leave mechanisms . 
   ... none of the big economic effects happened yet ? 
  no , they did not . 
  and cameron did n't kick of the leave mechanisms . 
  whatever that would mean . 
  why do we need it ? 
  this is the exact same behaviour of my government . 
  i feel dirty pointing the finger on russia . 
  there are people claiming to be human rights activists who are really opposed to all three issues . 
  be it freedom of speech , privacy or conscience . 
  why is it good ? 
   90 % of all people are idiots you do n't get very far with that attitude . 
  congratulations britain . 
  just for standing against this . 
  everything else will likely be detrimental . 
  there is a sad truth to it . 
  what do you expect ? 
  that users are n't interested in european affairs ? 
  despite that , not every voice is uncritical of the eu . 
  on the contrary , i would say . 
   the remain camp had the most sound , substantiated arguments in its arsenal true . 
  although xenophobia is not one of it . 
   some of the comments have such an elitist attitude without being able to back it up . 
  that is the worst part . 
  i can not give you a single good argument , why leaving the eu would be a good idea , but i do n't see brexit-voters as idiots . 
  they may have been correct , reading a lot of comments here . 
  without the uk , we lose one of the best critics of eu governance . 
  this invaluable service can not be replaced . 
  i though the secret rulers wanted a one-world-government ? 
   i am glad we do n't have referendums here . 
  i know , hans . 
   the reasons to leave were racist , no matter how much you try to word around that wrong . 
  i do n't like the smug attitude of the remain camp and their indignation of people of different opinions at all . 
  that said , leaving the eu was a bad choice in my opinion and i hope that this is not end of talks for cooperative politics . 
  no european union is complete without britain . 
   because referendums are seen as opportunities by the unaccomplished [ ... ] with these kind of judgements , i am surprised that the vote was that narrow . 
  we should ask the romulans for help . 
  she currently has not a very strong position , but you should see her political opponents . 
   i 'll be the judge of that . 
  true . 
  smugness of the remain camp is also a reason , i think . 
  i would have voted remain , because being divided does n't help anyone . 
  if i look at the conclusions and indications against referenda , i think the exiters may have been right . 
   first of all she wo n't rule forever well , we have aging demographics and i do n't think we will have another worthy candidate in the next elections . 
  sigmar ? 
  that will never happen . 
   luckily though , there is no way we 'll actually get a binding referendum i do n't want to be in any union with that attitude , to be honest . 
   it needs to become more democratic , more transparent and more focused on the role of europe very true . 
  damning referenda would n't be the right way . 
   ah , that 's why switzerland is a nuclear wasteland !, 
  / s no , the opposition to more democracy is why europe will become a wasteland . 
  the result is interpreted as a failure of direct democracy . 
  no , you idiots !, 
  this is on your hands . 
   we probably would n't be talking about a brexit or nexit if the people had been allowed to put the brakes on the eu power grab . 
  correct . 
  the reformation of lisbon treaties comes to mind . 
  my government uses the em to push for unwanted laws .
