  i do n't see much rationality within the left . 
  not that the right has a grasp on the concept of rationality at all . 
  a lone pack of luggage is enough to get people scared nowadays . 
  i tell you , it is the boars ... 
   ah , / r/europe pretending that merkel is left . 
  i was always surprised how anyone could think that . 
  she is very conservative in almost everything she does . 
  i know some doorkeepers who really have a prejudice against arabs . 
   dislike of anything that is unlike the things they know you can even have that opinion and you do n't have to justify it . 
  i would also say that you would miss a lot , but nevertheless it is valid in itself . 
  `` if ostracism is not [ ... ] '' i would n't recommend doing that ever , because that is one of the driving factors of right parties . 
  also you have proven them to be at least partially correct by employing such tactics . 
  journalism , please be great again and do your fucking job . 
  neutral and in the spirit of enlightenment . 
  i have often worked 50 + hours and did n't get rich . 
  was definitely not poor either but working less is also a damn fine thing . 
  fuck the money . 
  productivity allows working fewer hours . 
   would germany still insist on pushing for this resolution just for popular theater, 
  same thing with cologne . 
  glass is a pretty potent uv-filter . 
   diversity and culture forget helmut , he is an idiot . 
  diversity is now often associated with diversity of ethnicity because some brick-brains thought they had found the solution to ensuring and enforcing it . 
  what it actually should be associated with is diversity of opinions and ideas . 
  now there are even more idiotic people who are completely opposed to diversity , if they even hear the word . 
  `` leftists '' really dropped the ball and made it nearly fubar ... not that most conservative approaches are worth any criticism . 
  correct . 
  sadly , the mindset you describe is still very prevalent and is often completely unreflected . 
  huge backlash to any form of emancipation of `` workers '' . 
  you have to be convincing enough , 
  very few surgeons had a substandard education . 
  iq is also a very inaccurate way to determine mental capacity . 
  if you are n't literate , you will fail . 
  if you can not do basic arithmetic calculations in time , you will fail . 
  although we already knew that counting is very dependent on memory lookup . 
  if you train it , you will get better . 
  it is questionable , that it makes you more intelligent in general . 
  but you would have a higher iq . 
  ever read 19th century literature from europe and how most of it depicts women ? 
  medicine in the us is fucking expensive for example . 
  we have regulations for prices . 
  are they already available ? 
   the self-employed workers should in general have a bigger saying no, 
   no personal accountability this would need to be rectified before any further integration could happen . 
  i think this issue is often ignored . 
  secondly , there needs to be a democratic mandate . 
  i think that can only happen with referenda . 
  it is a fundamental requirement if the eu wants to have a federal role with any form of acceptance . 
  i do n't think so . 
  maybe if everyone 's vote would be worth an equal value . 
  i do n't really see that happening anytime soon . 
  this is so obvious . 
  just ask your common archeologist . 
  those people with whips and stuff . 
  i do n't think that is a good example . 
  i do n't see term limits as something negative in general . 
  i do n't know how it affects california specifically . 
  i think giving people more responsibility would quickly generate a better informed public , if they feel their own decisions affect them negatively . 
  can you give an example where a referendum had negative consequences ? 
  to be fair , the own population is also treated like children . 
  every form of anti-terror law will be abused . 
  such a law just increases a states monopoly on violence . 
  maybe not , but more would be appreciated . 
  i can dissolve my government every 4 years . 
  these `` agreements '' are forever . 
  well , every contract can be broken of course ... 
  true , although quite different from mainland greece in my opinion . 
  edit : you could sometimes forget , that it is n't british either , depending on the region you visit . 
  crete . 
  sailing the aegaeis is one of my dreams . 
  let 's hope they do . 
  he also reduced unemployment . 
  my government wants to do that too . 
  very suspicious . 
  as gaddafi has promised ... 
  can i come over ? 
  i disagree . 
  there is a difference in relationships of mothers and fathers to their kids . 
  think about the poor lawyers !, 
  we only have 17.000 pages of tax laws . 
  how can anyone be sure , how to manage their fiances properly !, 
   mommies ca n't be daddies unpopular opinion : i think it is true to a large degree . 
  there are exceptions . 
  i do n't know red dwarf but his reasoning sounds legitimate . 
  true though , i think esperanto has some speakers in hungary . 
  knew some guy who spoke it and told me that there are at least some who know the language . 
  theoretically a good idea . 
  but i have my doubts it would assert itself in practice . 
  what about esperanto ? 
  it also had critics that said that english is an established language for international communication . 
  and everything belongs to everyone ... yeah , yeah ... 
  can you give an example , where that is the case right now ? 
  perhaps not a religion but a dogma in some places . 
  correct , and one part of not forcing it down everyones throats is to leave the development of the eu open to different directions and models . 
  haha , much needed slaps , to be honest . 
   we just need a new organisation that has the full ability to slap them over the head no . 
  people have to stop being hysterical about terrorism . 
  there are cowardly murderers , nothing more . 
  there are n't enough terrorist to justify junckers plans . 
  you probably meet many and you do n't have a hint of an idea which religion they adhere to .
