  leave asylum seakers at the borders ? 
  the right to asylum was clearly abused , but attributing that to her policies is a bit far fetched . 
  i think a vote for a more federalized eu would need at least 60 % . 
  would a vote of protest be justified then ? 
  you forget how terrible 2009 has been for you !, 
  perspective is n't the strong suit of these discussions at all . 
  leaving the eu will hit you , but i do n't see much wisdom gained from these events at all . 
   russia really ? 
  british economy has twice the size ... 
  so it is actually not that bad . 
  this is pure bullshit . 
  the eu is n't the only way to rome . 
  bilateral trade precedes it in most cases . 
  well , throw the ring into the fire obviously . 
  the problem is the euro in this case . 
  just as predicted . 
  i would go with both and see no inherent contradiction . 
  agreed , the eu is exceptional transparent on these issues . 
  but it is not a broad audience , to be honest . 
  even if i would be against the eu , the behaviour of the uk is calculated and not very surprising . 
  it was to be expected , that they delay it as much as possible . 
  transparent move , really . 
  the problem is that it would require every educated citizen to start a resistance and a bloody circle will begin anew . 
   because `` the will of the people '' is fickle and not necessaril correct either you can not name one single reason why integration would be a necessity , correct ? 
  i can name you some examples in history where this trail of thought ended in a catastrophe . 
  if you think public acceptance is n't a requirement for modern democratic countries , you are delusional . 
  you have to be able to define the problem , if you want to have a good solution . 
  how so ? 
  i have more control about my national government then i would have over a european one . 
  so why integrate further ? 
  definitely true , just my own . 
  and since i do not think of ethnicity in any form as a inherently defining property of people , it seems stupid to me . 
  such as ? 
  exaggeration . 
  it is self loathing . 
  i would recommend that they visit a church but they think themselves above these silly religious traditions . 
  i agree . 
  stupid but valid . 
  it is still an extremly stupid statement . 
  the greens in germany are still not able to run a country . 
  south korea ? 
  it is the largest asian economy ... their success has to do with liberalisation of trade but the main factor was setting the orientation of industries to high tech . 
  edit : and foreign aid was a gigantic factor for south korea . 
  i do agree that globalization does not benefit the masses , but i do not think that globalization is something that was decided by policies . 
  it is just a fact of our economies . 
  i am an engineer and i am completely dependend on trade with china and the us . 
  a bottle of wine a day keeps the doctor away, 
  i have much respect for sch\u00e4uble but sometime he is just an old man . 
  sounds like a solid plan . 
  i do n't see what could go wrong . 
  for the greater good !, 
  what do you expect ? 
  it takes time to learn the language and attain some relevant skills . 
  this question should be asked in about 2 years or so . 
   we 're a country at war . 
  with whom ? 
  with an idea ? 
  the latest murders were done by someone without connections to religion or any terrorist cell . 
   we ca n't blame police and intelligence agencies when they fail at doing their job ? 
  no surveillance appartus can exist that shields you from maniacs like these . 
  we called them murders some time ago . 
  now , with additional coverage and social media and their elevated cravings for recognition , we call them terrorists and the end of civilized society . 
  i do n't want to judge these kids . 
  i just think it is obvious that there are interests , that want to block any form of peace . 
  it is not only the old ones . 
  they make sure the youth is educated correctly . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3oyjkz2cu8&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
   and lets be honest , somebody like erdogan would have long been removed from power in any eu country . 
  we have that law , but he would n't . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think he would get elected in the first place . 
   has more to do with the historical , cultural and political context in general , of which religion is but one factor ? 
  silly you . 
  far too complicated . 
  we are civilized and shit . 
  because he said he does n't and someone rightfully wanted to rub it in his face . 
  but it was a coup . 
  intellectual thought and enlightenment is n't the strength of these threads ... 
  helps with immersion, 
  so after the next cricket match ? 
   make a judgement on my potential achievements very true . 
  i await the day you surprise us in full anticipation . 
  that was the cold war , i do n't see similar propaganda now . 
  have an example ? 
  no , but perhaps many . 
  the iraqi war had a bad justification for example ... 
  rightfully so, 
  the us thought the same after getting terrorist attacks . 
  yeah , that was a real good idea ... 
  perhaps you need more convincing that this is a terrible idea . 
  i believe it would not be a good idea . 
  we mostly did n't fight abroad , and do n't have to fight at home . 
  unrealistic proposition . 
  language , skills , familiy , country ... just leave that behind ... 
  make 4chan great again !, 
  edit : for anyone not fluent in german . 
  germans did a stupid thing . 
  yes , he is dick . 
  how does this change the issue of social media surveillance ? 
  because there are mean people ? 
  edit : you are literally asking for an example and then say it is justified , because of a stupid post he made .
