  do you long for an eu ? 
  just wanted to say that the arguments against cash are mostly on 4th grade or space elevator level . 
  if you want to stick to cash , all will be well . 
  that is n't happening . 
  but saying that it never did or is beyond possibilities is wrong . 
  open borders and social security are in competition in my opinion . 
   do these people not understand no, 
  i would never give away cash because of greece . 
  you should just stop working or doing anything productive for you country . 
  that would be too expensive for everyone . 
  so you could decide . 
  i prefer cash, 
  you do n't know my government . 
  you are from sweden , that does n't count . 
  life is dangerous, 
   could and should be net-positive . 
  i would n't take any chances . 
  i like gorbachev, 
  it was just how i understood you . 
  maybe because that argument is often made . 
  i really am interested in an answer . 
  then excuse my rhetoric . 
  i think there are many good reason for an eu . 
  i still do n't really get the point of the argument . 
  perhaps we would have more peace without the eu ? 
  who could say ? 
  what about aliens that like to suck dicks while watching lesbian porn ? 
  do n't say they are fucking wayne . 
  edit : more fucking, 
  i do n't see much bickering between eu countries , to be honest . 
  and if so , it is about eu topics . 
  i think the eu being the alternative to `` war in europe '' is hyperbolic and intellectually lazy . 
  or how do you come to that conclusion ? 
  i think that makes sense . 
  i would n't paint the eu as a big dictator if it represents my interests . 
  are you saying i am not a real woman ? 
  what does the eu stand for the most in your opinion ? 
  true , or a very masculine women . 
  i am not ready too . 
  homosexuality is fucking wayne . 
   no recognition as long as you do n't recognize atrocities commited against us that is going nowhere . 
  and no , looking in the past i do n't really care about prestige . 
  pan-christianism ? 
  what is that ? 
  indeed it does . 
  so what is the problem of bulgaria recognizing it ? 
  thanks for admitting it ... you are a very smart person . 
  wrong , trump plays the public like a violin . 
  even his enemies . 
  he defends his own interests , which many of his political enemies failed to do . 
  it think it is a direct reaction to self resolutional behaviour we saw supported by other parties . 
  i would vote for clinton , but there is a point there . 
  given the behaviour of putin , it think there are many opportunities in dealing with him . 
  we would need an american president to see that in the correct context , if the eu or some countries are trying to improve russian relations . 
  it helps to have specialists and for the commission to know their goals . 
  so a talk would in any event be fruitful . 
  i just need politicians with integrity . 
  they have n't shown this at all on important topics . 
  so better yourself , perhaps you citizens will reciprocate . 
  well , you could be a fascist if you want to enforce a certain culture ... but ... details ... i guess ... 
   culture can be enforced by law to a certain degree . 
  [ ... ] how ? 
  what idiot would defend a culture he was forced in ? 
  germany . 
  15 years ago , and immigrants were the exception but not too uncommon . 
  edit : from different places . 
  had a lot of contact with people from hungary and other eastern european countries . 
  i think painting the eu as the alternative for constant war is a bit much to be honest . 
  divorce should always be an option . 
   enter the dustbin of history i love social democracy . 
  it is the best . 
  i hate the spd though . 
  stupidity is n't the same as being accommodating and implementing wise policies . 
  and they would do everything to suck dicks . 
  sometimes your electional result is a consequence of your elevated spongy and criminal work . 
  though choice . 
  how about no ? 
  let 's learn from history , then . 
  no , but we are now able to have a public discussion about it . 
  although some still paint it , as if racism has become accepted . 
  investing in greece right now would n't be the stupidest thing . 
  well , you are n't killing yourself while studying , even after the bologna reforms . 
  i feel it got harder to keep your own motivation for autonomous learning though . 
  i believe you . 
  that was n't the case , when i was being schooled . 
  i think skin color is n't relevant here , the relation we should lay focus on is educational background . 
  i have met people learning a language in 6 weeks , but i think that is an exception . 
  do you think your education was affected negatively ? 
  yes . 
  we have a school system segregating between performance of pupils . 
  that worked really well . 
  pupils will be happier and better educated if they can learn according to their own abilities . 
  there always has to be a ladder up though , because some pupils just develop at a later stage . 
  it is a compromise , of course . 
  you can not expect young pupils to hold still , while others are beginning to learn the language . 
  edit : there are other programs , like an excellence initiative , which tunnels funds to certain `` elite '' institutions . 
  i am heavily opposed to this . 
  just for the record , that i do n't want more segregation between groups of different educational levels . 
  but integration still is n't a job to be delegated to pupils . 
  sounds like a solid party for a middle ground .
