  they are our representative government , but with this behaviour , they are not democratic . 
  it was a good decision for democracy . 
  a bad one for everything else . 
  still , after enforcing lisbon treaties , i can understand the direction . 
  why does that suppress sexuality and for whom ? 
   liberal society btw is obsessed with sexual health as well . 
  what lets you come to that conclusion ? 
  putin should have invested in archeology . 
  anyone with a hint of statesmanship knows this . 
  would be a good opportunity to bet . 
  i say remain will prevail . 
  i think this is crap . 
  europe should guard policies , that allow for online dissidence to occur . 
   the concomitant problem is that you obviously can not implement legislation which is supposed to be similar throughout europe if each national parliament can amend or veto it within their national territory . 
  true , it would be unlikely to pass in every country . 
  the question is about how flexible we want to be here and whether it is necessary to amend every part of legislation in every country . 
  not that i would want to advocate special rules . 
  would you think the eu parliament could ever vote for anything giving national parliaments additional competency ? 
  so it is not independent . 
  that would be a hard requirement for any form of parliament . 
   and that is something which many people object to , and indeed characterise as ` undemocratic ' . 
  i agree with that argument . 
  it would just be a compromise . 
  the question is , if we want to live with that . 
  edit : and who has which competency in different domains edit 2 :  the vast majority of legislative is already in democratic hands . 
  if you are able to hold them accountable . 
  otherwise it is just a label . 
   the process for increasing democratization is already underway would have needed to be the first step . 
   european governments need to be accountable ~ ~ for the safety of their own citizens . ~ ~, 
   probably an unpopular opinion but i believe not extending the vote to adults under full guardianship yes . 
  unpopular . 
  should extend that to dumb and old people . 
   it 's impossible to pass a law in all 28 states legislature then why enforce it ? 
  true . 
  pure speculation . 
  mainly , yes . 
  the main critics of the $ have said that the southern periphery will suffer from economic pressure , while the northern countries would have to create mechanism for capital transfer . 
  everything they feared became true to the point . 
  in regions without employment prospects the prices are in free fall . 
   ( rent , utility , services ) has actually decreased . 
  true , but not without constraints . 
  rents are cheaper now , because prices in regions without infrastructure are in free fall . 
  prices in cities or locations with employment propositions are steadily rising . 
  energy prices are still higher , than in 2000 . 
  but that is dependent on factors beyond the $ . 
  i think the $ reduced domestic demand , exports did n't strengthen it, 
  not an argument . 
  bottom of your throat, 
   democracy should ideally be a form of technocracy . 
  that never worked . 
  edit : it might be a grave mistake to leave the eu . 
  at least i do think so . 
  but it would be their own decisions . 
  much easier to take responsibility for it . 
  and you know what you do with mistakes ? 
  you grow from them . 
  would it the vote for leave be the complete end of inner-european relationships ? 
  we could have a popular vote again and decide different . 
  reliability has to be learned afterwards . 
   instead of pretending you like democracy . 
  on point, 
  i would run a nuclear plant . 
  i just recently talked to one and they are really nice people . 
  and they can make you glow in the dark . 
  true though , my government seems to be really an expert on nuclear power . 
  i would prefer their arguments to be presented and still have a say . 
  if there are experts who can tell you the implications of a brexit and why leaving is a bad choice , i am sure they will be presented . 
  i think i would be inclined to believe them . 
   try negotiating with the us on ttip if you 're just denmark , and alone . 
  it works . 
  many small countries have successful negotiated , if there was interest in common norms for product ratification , for example . 
  today every from of `` embargo '' is up to public scrutiny . 
  being a world power certainly gives you some advantages , though . 
   try changing a treaty long after it 's been passed . 
  good luck . 
  we have a lot of european treaties that were publicly opposed . 
  that got us here in the first place !, 
  try to change that ...  in contrast , try changing eu laws -- it 's super easy a law that has validity for the whole continent would be far more inefficient and imprecise than their national counterparts , considering domestic needs . 
  a french vote is worth less , than a vote from denmark . 
  this is in contrast to the democratic equality principle . 
  literally !, 
   the eu gives democracy , and the ability to improve things . 
  subjective rating of policy making . 
  without the criticism which eu-skeptics bring to the table , the development for more democracy would be sustainably damaged . 
   pure trade treaties cement the current political situation . 
  what is the negative side of the current political situation to be cemented ? 
   the utter ignorance and condescending tone some of these comments have against people who want to leave the eu is astounding i am pro eu but it sometimes makes me want to leave too . 
  if they even had a single good argument . 
  racism , xenophobia , fear of the unknown , global relevancy , global politics . . could have a talk with a parrot with equal results . 
   the progress of the eu was significantly delayed what is at the end of this process ? 
   having everyone vote on a specific thing that is way too complex to understand and predict even for many experts . 
  if no one has the competency , maybe everyone should vote ? 
  the money they saved will inevitably be consumed in one way or the other , just not at this specific moment . 
  if your economy is that dependent on consumption that it can not endure private savings , it is n't a healthy economy . 
  what has this to do with fractional reserve banking ? 
  of course it is good to have money circulating the economy . 
  but it can indeed get pretty hairy , if some liabilities are n't covered . 
  then you need citizens to bail out some banks . 
  advantages and disadvantages . 
  no , saving is a vital part of everyone 's personal fiances and that behaviour must be covered and supported by the economy .
