  what we are trying to achieve is to conserve our environment . 
  i think many people believe there are other more pressing problems right now . 
  i think i would never vote the afd , but i have seen other political movements demonized by public media which was beyond asking critical questions . 
  that aside , i am pretty happy about having a responsible , established media landscape in germany . 
  i think not feeling represented is the major factor in the success of the afd . 
  personally i think it would n't be very wise to vote for them . 
  major established parties are currently lacking profile . 
  `` the autonomous left '' ( i do n't like the term and the classification either ) has just released personal information about afd members . 
  this is absolute shit and they hurt their own political movement . 
  just as moronic as those they allegedly want to fight . 
  not saying that any party would be responsible for this but i would at least expect a position to this kind of behaviour . 
  yes , that is one danger . 
  having a strong incentive to decrypt data is another . 
  google has almost half of worldwide internet servers . 
  they could possibly mirror the whole internet , if they wanted to . 
  one of the basic questions you should ask before encryption is about how long do you want to keep it secure . 
  any crypt needs to be refreshed regularly , if you want to keep it secure for long time purpose . 
  if an encrypted data set is available in public space , it will be decrypted . 
  there are practical defenses against this , but the article does n't mention if the crypt contains data needed to de-anonymize the patients . 
  i do n't think google has an interest to decrpyt confidential data and is earnest in their quest for data sets . 
  but this is a topic you have to discus before handing out private data . 
  currently , most forms of common encryption should only be referred to as short time encryption solutions . 
  edit : the article mentions , that the data sets will be deleted in 2017 . 
  this contractor now has the responsibility to protect the patient data . 
   anonymous data sets very difficult to implement . 
  statistics would be fine . 
  if there is another dataset able to de-anonymize people only guarded by encryption , there is a huge and unpredictable danger to patient confidentiality . 
  i do care very much . 
  this is horrible . 
  the data is allegedly anonymized . 
  the article is n't really clear about how it is realized . 
  even the best encryption has an expiration date , so i fear , that the nhs made a devastating mistake , endangering their patient confidentiality with careless behaviour . 
  `` the information is encrypted and only the royal free london has the key to that encryption . '', 
  ( for personal identification ) any form of modern encryption has an expiration date . 
  the ceo of deep mind should be transparent about that or should get some coaching on the topic from technically literate people . 
  edit : clarification this is a-grade horrible, 
  kids are not for self realization is what i wanted to say . 
  it has nothing to do with forcing women ( or men for that matter ) to do anything . 
  still , there are shitty living models . 
  it has nothing to do with modernity . 
  but even worse than a single parent household is having two unhappy parents , i absolutely agree . 
  popper is right and i think only an open society will be capable of confronting our future problems . 
  that said , there is a difference between people setting fire to immigrant shelters and those not represented by the current political establishment , which seems to act more ideologically than reasonably . 
  the left ( which in reality does n't really uniformly exists ) seems to have some problems with even being able to allow discussion on certain topics . 
  that would be criticism on a different level , though . 
  but as a conservative , you do n't really have a lot of options to have your opinion be respected and heard . 
  due to intolerance within society . 
   they tend to be stupid in different ways , though . 
  as someone from a single parent household , i firmly think it is pretty shitty to `` promote '' it . 
  i do n't really think that it is promoted by anyone though and it is more of a irrational fear of the right . 
  `` normalizing '' it would be a terrible mistake . 
  that does n't mean that single parents should n't get state support . 
  `` radical economic liberalism '' is pretty much supported by every major party right now . 
  especially from social democrats , who normally have a different profile . 
  social security costs money . 
  we do have demographic problems and i think the problem is currently just unloaded into the future . 
  you could argue that the afd responds in kind for the topic of environmental protection policies . 
  there is a reason to be contrarian . 
  is n't it the left who often wants to fight the status quo ? 
  well , they actually do n't . 
  i seems many parties have lost the connection to their own positions . 
  there was a time when american conservatives where very invested in environmental protection . 
  it feels like that was a long time ago ... 
  i generally do n't want to leave agriculture on a completely free market . 
  capacity is zero , since gmos do n't increase crop yield . 
   there is an awful lot of gain and nearly no risk we have better crop yields per area in europe than the us despite not using gmos . 
  how does that work ? 
  no , i need hairdressers . 
  it is questionable , if i need gmos . 
  again . 
  we have a better crop yield in europe , despite not using gmo plants . 
  gmos are n't as dangerous as we are often told . 
  but also do n't really magically yield more . 
  there is a risk that it could influence nature , we can not foresee . 
  so we should think about application more critically . 
   increase yield we have better crop yields per area in europe . 
  how does that work ? 
  there is a risk , but there is nearly no gain . 
  so why should we allow it ? 
   only faster and much more precise . 
   yes of course ? 
  how could one even question that ? 
  how could anyone even forget to ask this question is what wonders me more . 
  yes , i know that everyone does it . 
  and nobody wants to be the last in this race . 
  this is a really big question . 
  is a state even allowed to make debt ? 
  at what would be the consequences . 
  on the cost of future generations . 
  i am being held responsible for what happened in cologne . 
  my punishment are tougher laws . 
  well , the matter of fact is that we have this discussion because of uncontrolled immigration . 
  you said there would be a general attitude that needs changing . 
  there has n't been . 
   there is an attitude that if the woman goes along with it , she must be into it . 
  never heard anyone saying something like that . 
  not in 30 years . 
  do you think tougher laws will stop a single rape ? 
  personally i only rape , if the prison sentences are under 5 years ... yeah ... 
  exactly .
