   we did n't need the afd etc. 
  for that . 
  i disagree . 
  i would never vote them , but other parties would n't have come around . 
   however , if you want into the free trade club , you have to follow the rules . 
  i do n't want to , if i can not influence the rules and believe my representation to be incompetent . 
  solution ? 
  well , there is a possibility that these agreements are n't in your interests , no ? 
  i think if a state has public schooling , he has a mandate to deliver the best possible education it can offer . 
  putting kids together is not a substitute for other integration policies . 
  it can not be that foreign policies are to the detriment of other pupils . 
  they just put the problems on the shoulders of their kids . 
  well , it is not only sweden who does this ... 
   merkel wants fewer refugees as well [ ... ] a way that does n't fuck over greece . 
  there are people who still have n't noticed this ... 
  i went to school with immigrants . 
  contrary to many pupils , immigrants saw schooling as a chance and opportunity and they had very good grades . 
  that really had a positive influence in my opinion . 
  sweden is still insane , though . 
  you can not put them together and have integration be done by those you have a mandate to protect and educate . 
  they ban breitbart because it is too intellectually challenging . 
  sorry can not find the article anymore . 
  it had a comment from her . 
  it was at the beginning of the refugee crisis as merkel was painted as a saint and orban as a xenophobic monster . 
  she did n't want it perceived that way but i can not remember what exactly she said . 
  i would like to know what they think about pegida and co. and if they are even taken seriously by integrated muslims and consorts . 
   that 's the point !, 
  she lets others do her job i think she even hinted at many people who helped her do that , which is quite unusual for her and politics in general . 
  even at orb\u00e1n . 
  of course always in a way , that many would n't notice . 
   when did merkel ever say `` we 're full '' and something actually happened to underline that ? 
  if she would say something like that it would completely hand over greece to its problems . 
  she just can not do that . 
  i also think that many countries would follow her lead and more borders would be erected . 
   but painting them as these oblivious naive clowns is ridiculous . 
  hmmm ... 
  i would say it is partially true . 
  currently in a bad political situation overall . 
  i do n't think it was meant harshly and is pretty accurate ... merkel once said that multiculturalism ( this word can mean so many things ... ) failed and she was not wrong about that . 
  there are many problems , but i do n't think that they are unsolvable . 
  just have to convince the union of chiropodists , which make every civilized discourse completely impossible , because there is no party who could field their concerns . 
  to other points : i do n't think that many are opposed to free trade in principle . 
  it has more to do with the fact , that there is very low trust in involved political parties to defend public interests . 
  but these concerns are completely overshadowed right now . 
  so if you would want to push it , it would be quite the opportunity . 
  jumping naked in silt and scaring tourists was always great . 
  illegal yes , but nobody cared . 
  i wonder if that changes . 
  heile welt was pretty awesome to be honest . 
  so much for a rougher discourse , 
  well , russia has actually played the eu or `` the west '' pretty well . 
  would it make you afraid , if many people are like her ? 
  i do n't know about sweden , but we have a lot of older people who still think that we are rich beyond any measures , despite facing a demographic catastrophe for our social services in a few years . 
  our public media does n't mention it because it would look bad for our government . 
  good thing , that our green party was weakened due to meth abuse of an official ... 
  i like total madness !, 
  nice !, 
  you will see the result in a few years . 
  i does n't show immediately . 
  [ question you should ask yourself ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwsmurym7ba&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=25m35s ), 
  i am not regularly searching for egyptian goddesses , but to everyone their taste . 
  very true , though . 
  i think it would n't even be that awful , if part of the saxon parliament . 
  nobody would form alliances . 
  but about their voters : convince them about their errors !, 
  if you can not do that , someone has to represent them or you will basically exclude them from society . 
  and no , i do n't like them either . 
  violent groups are a problem of criminal prosecution . 
  if a party is involved , there would be legal consequences . 
  maas is right on this one . 
  it would n't solve the problem . 
  and to be honest : voting currently does n't matter that much anyway . 
  ah , did n't get that . 
  sorry , i am just so displeased about people trying to ban the party again . 
  ignoring them would be so much more effective . 
  i think they would n't exist anymore . 
  but no , someone needs to give them attention . 
  same with the afd . 
  other parties should have embraced it as an opportunity to create a profile against their policies but they failed on every account . 
  these things just let our political landscape look very week . 
  how can that be an argument ? 
  my brain melts ... 
  good and very intuitive idea . 
  this is the least important thing ever . 
  why is it still a good stunt of the cdu ? 
  because of the reaction of the green party ... seriously , i think my country will collapse . 
  we have reached critical stupidity . 
  to be fair , they have a point about veggie day , but that does n't mean they have reached any point in self reflection . 
  fischer was right . 
  he complained that nobody toppled his position , when he was still active . 
  i can see why that did n't happen . 
  burgers still spy on eu citizens , because they are burgers . 
  because they have a smarter type of policy making than the eu ? 
  you can be arrogant about that . 
  i would really appreciate it . 
  sorry , boycotting european products right now . 
  not easy to be honest . 
  the only practical alternative would be to let them sit at the border , after they went through the gauntlet you described . 
  i see your argument , but it is still not thought out very well and not really applicable in practice . 
   yes , but in this context does it still feel good to help when you know that with same resources you 're spending on helping one family of asylum seekers in europe you could help seven in lebanon ?
