  they can meet in secret . 
  if that still helps them is to be questioned . 
  if 3 or 4 important governments sign the deal , the others are forced to do so too . 
  practical reality . 
   it 's a common sense decision . 
  if you can not explain your positions to a public audience , you do n't know what you are doing . 
  politicians are people too and there are n't invisible experts , who are the only ones seeing `` a bigger picture '' . 
  yes . 
  germany is actually big on investment protections . 
  much to our detriment . 
  nothing to be recommended to anyone . 
  protectionism has no place in a modern globalized world , yadda , yadda ... 
  sorry wanted to employ this argument myself . 
  huh , strange that italy seems more immune to it , since it had economic problems . 
  i would still have it , as it would constitute a non-elected government . 
  but yes , more initiative power for the ep would be a start . 
  it did get better in the past , i am just tired having to fight for it . 
  i actually do have the option to refuse further european integration . 
  which would be a point to criticize about the eu institutions , actually . 
  having a precautionary principle is n't un-scientific . 
  so why is a public discussion about these principles detrimental for trade agreements ? 
  seems idiotic . 
  i actually do think that the fear of islam is heavily overblown ... as is the fear of nationalism , in a way , that if you do n't want a federal europe , you are a backwards nationalist . 
  more power to consumers . 
  that can not be bad , can it ? 
   did you just grab the first link from google ? 
  yes . 
  sorry genetic literacy project has ties to the chemical industry with vested financial interests . 
  understandable . 
  we also want our barriers ... or at least i do . 
  people seeing nazism everywhere plays right into their hands . 
  well , you can do that of course ... 
  the fda in the us has very high standards for anything it is responsible for . 
  consumer information, 
  that is interesting . 
  any other candidates that are politically active ? 
  is there any significant right shift in italy like we have in other countries ? 
  i do n't even dare to ask any italian what he thinks about this . 
   i agree , but exactly the same regulations should apply to ge and non-ge cultivars i agree too . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i am not fundamentally against ge . 
  it is just that we have a different philosophy in how we license their appliance . 
  if you want to introduce a foreign strain into the environment , you have to prove that it is safe . 
  of course , developing a metric for this problem is neither easy nor cheap . 
  i am not convinced that the admittedly low risk of gm crops deployment is worth it though . 
  if there is n't a real significant advantage , i really do n't see the point . 
  that aside , germany is one of the worst perpetrators when it comes to pesticide application . 
  i am more interested in vested financial interests . 
  but yes , activists should also be under scrutiny . 
  just duck and cover !, 
  the article is on a domain belonging to someone with ties to the chemical industry . 
  that is the only fact i am interested in . 
  that has nothing to do with other crap . 
  you have to filter it . 
  edit : i could also give you a long talk about rational wiki . 
  but that is a whole different fight . 
  the domain you linked has a connection to the esg mediametrics group . 
  registrant name : jon entine i did n't have the best source but yours takes the cake . 
  edit : http://gmwatch.org/news/latest-news/16722-jon-entine-the-chemical-industry-s-master-messenger, 
  your source : edit : http://gmwatch.org/news/latest-news/16722-jon-entine-the-chemical-industry-s-master-messenger, 
  the domain you linked has a connection to the esg mediametrics group . 
  registrant name : jon entine i did n't have the best source but yours takes the cake . 
  edit : http://gmwatch.org/news/latest-news/16722-jon-entine-the-chemical-industry-s-master-messenger, 
  back to square one . 
  what is the bigger picture ? 
  if you see it , i would expect , you could explain it to me . 
  we do n't have any trade agreement like ttip with china . 
  so how have we been able to profit from their striving economy ? 
  besides that , i think you are right , we heavily profit from trade with china . 
  so why would we need another agreement , heavily criticized and unpopular ? 
  we already traded globally in the 19th century . 
  what changed exactly ? 
  better logistics ? 
  they could rename victorian cake to freedom cake . 
  if you want to push everyone away , that would be a good suggestions . 
  do n't ask me , i like to inflame debates . 
  i meant reasonable in the context of trying to protect your economic interests . 
  of course not reasonable for a majority of consumers . 
  edit : although that is n't always a contradiction , of course . 
  indeed it does . 
  would be very interesting to have such an agreement , since the domestic market is a shitfest . 
  any sources that ttip constitutes progress , herp ? 
  explain the bigger picture then . 
  tomorrow , look for words like regulatory impact assessment , please . 
   the documents clearly show that the us is trying hard to tear down eu regulations on food and the environment . 
  and that would even be expected , because it would be reasonable behaviour . 
  it was scraped an that was n't the end of anything . 
  because the us invokes pressure on our automotive industry ? 
  that is reason enough , to be honest . 
  this has nothing to do with free trade . 
  this is european-american protectionism against other countries at best . 
  uranium does n't grow on trees either . 
  so what are the advantages then ? 
  well , there are other sources , which claim the same http://international.sueddeutsche.de/post/143690739565/ttippapiere frankly , i do n't really see why we need ttip . 
  edit : and i really get impatient with people trying to sugarcoat it . 
  you have to convince me , why a bilateral trade agreement is n't full of loopholes . 
  because that is to be expected right now . 
  seriously ? 
  no ... edit : i would like to have some guns though , but that would probably be against common interest and safety . 
   conservative moral agenda environmental protection was originally a conservative position .
