   the opposite effect in terms of social cohesion . 
  this is almost a guarantee . 
   people voting for populist right wing parties are mostly poor people you would think that it would intensify reflection on part of people that are better off . 
  nope ... 
  you did n't get the point of the discussion . 
  cologne as a whole was always sexual harassment . 
  i am going to ask russia , if they want to join a federal europe then . 
  why the fuck do you need a law about it ? 
  globalresearch is as a bad source as rationalwiki to be honest . 
  oh ffs , of course ... 
  well , they wanted to share anyway . 
  critics have improved ceta . 
  the whole investment dispute system got reworked after working out potential flaws . 
  because of critics like the author of the article . 
  `` they '' had a problem with transparency . 
  you actually have to justify why we would need a trade agreement , no ? 
  0.03 % increase in economic trade ? 
  you have to think about it . 
  in this case it would be canadians who have to increase their copyright protections . 
  convincing anyone why ceta would be a benefit would be a more appropriate discussion , since it is a legally binding contract between parties that wants to improve trade relations . 
  what we have here is criticism of criticism . 
  pretty lazy . 
  so where are the advantages of ceta ? 
  - investor protection - unified product admission testing - increased copyright protection ... ... there , i already started it . 
  i still do n't think i would ratify it . 
  in germany any coorporation has to adhere to the principle to not work in adversity to public welfare . 
  not worth any discussion , despite being a generality ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't know . 
  if the text is n't available , then criticism would n't be possible ? 
  case in point : i disagree . 
   it 's what kind of a smokescreen all the criticism of the secrecy of the negotiations really is public criticism forced parties to revise ceta . 
  the deal got better . 
   and does it matter ? 
  to my question ? 
  i would say yes . 
  if there would be unjust decisions , we had to accept them for all eternity . 
  nature of these deals . 
  no revisions possible . 
  you are bananajeff . 
  everyone critical of trade agreements has to have a discussion with you . 
  would you like to have more opportunities to regulate banks or industries or do you think that having fewer means of regulation would be beneficent ? 
  that . 
  and it could be a viable strategy for many countries . 
  not greece though , they get fucked in the process . 
   we 've implemented austerity measures not really . 
  and employment data became completely meaningless . 
  a 1 $ job is no occupation . 
  would have had an effect on future investors though . 
  sadly , there are more people opposed to democracy than one would like think . 
  if you can speak german , there is a good chance you would understand yiddish . 
  illuminati confirmed . 
  looks like a cave full of stalagmite dildos . 
   source ? 
   the internet we are doomed . 
  so who would be their real enemy ? 
   removing gadaffi was idiotic , just as removing hussein i would n't have invited them to my birthday party , but yes , they made the regions more stable . 
  what 's done is done , i guess . 
  i think clinton will be the next president though . 
  well , some of them are fleeing from a war that we are involved in . 
  for whatever reasons ... 
   some pretty radical stuff i still think it is just stupidity . 
  if there would really be a plan to actively increase ethnic diversity , that would be a real example of politics becoming full circle in being reactionary to a totalitarian ns-regime . 
  well , in germany , the younger generations have a massive burden , if boomers want to get any form of rent or pension . 
  now we got some additional mouths to feed , because immigrants probably need a lot of time to be acclimated . 
  i do n't really see it . 
  i do n't have any real data , it is just an opinion based on estimates . 
  i actually think no group is in acute danger of being persecuted , not lgbt folk nor certain ethnicities . 
  could be wrong but i do n't think so . 
  there are laws to ensure that . 
  as to immigration . 
  other parties failed to represent the wishes of a huge part of their electorate . 
  instead of explaining dangers and chances of their decisions , they used racism accusations to silence their opponents . 
  i do n't look very kindly of such accusations , especially if they are wrong . 
  very true . 
  although our sad state has nothing to do with immigration . 
  and right now , most people are still well off . 
  the problem i have , is that the many other parties already defined an outcome as to what the eu and their members have to look like in the future . 
  so they made themselves redundant in a way . 
  having useful idiots as opposition might help . 
  it is a risk and a bit of a stretch , but we will see . 
  i would vote for trump too . 
  he is funny and i do n't live in america . 
  `` china build a great wall and they do n't have problems with mexicans '' true statement !, 
  they work exactly as planned . 
  as always and forever . 
   to make such sweeping statements about islam is callous and dismissive to the private religious life of lawful and integrated citizens . 
  some would argue media establishment did the same to the political right . 
  he thinks his country is shit . 
  no , at that point she was just stupid . 
  well , i think our `` establishment '' really can use some pokes . 
  do n't want to get them evicted from office though . 
  they also look down on the electorate without having much to show off . 
  just outsource procreation . 
  it is cheaper and saves you a lot of trouble . 
  i think there are many people seeing themselves as educated , who only have the answer that everything is complex to shove off discussion and responsibility . 
  very few problems are complex if you dissect them well enough . 
  your personal risk from terrorism is smaller than being killed by a wild boar . 
  nevertheless people are opting for more surveillance . 
  even our greens want to increase internal security .
