  the humanities are an essential part of any form of higher education . 
  i think a free market approach to universities would be devastating because you end up keeping only a small spectrum of knowledge relevant to market demand . 
  that said , free speech has to be defended at all times . 
  that is much more important than fighting `` microaggressions '' and heavy moderation policies are n't really popular . 
  and i love it that they are not popular . 
  i do n't see any problems to be honest . 
  so take care not to develop an equally moronic circlejerk . 
  many discussions actually have become more `` right '' . 
  what do you think is the reason for that ? 
  peace would be enough, 
  if nobody said anything ... 
   undemocratic aspects of the eu ( e.g. 
  eu commission ) and the performance of the commission . 
  i have to think a lot to find anything . 
  go home european commission . 
  i would like to give a shitposting reward to myself . 
  what is your concern with the `` israeli question '' ? 
  what is that question ? 
  just wanted to say that i would gain nothing from a eu counterterrorism agency . 
  i think terrorism is an exaggerated threat ( also assessing it is difficult ! ) . 
  such an agency on a european level would probably be inefficient . 
  the eu also has failed exceptionally to comprehend the advantages and dangers of modern information processing . 
  people like oettinger , malmstr\u00f6m , etc. 
  have not been forgotten ... 
  i would never give them any representative power , if i could . 
  they can argue for putting more trust in such agencies , but that would be very unwise . 
  if you do n't regularly stick your finger in their asses , they carry on to make bad decisions . 
  good thing that most people have ten fingers ... and junker and his commissioned ( ahahahaha ) friends ? 
  i have thought for a long time and came to a damning conclusion : i do n't really need them if they do n't start to at least try to make policies ready for the 21st century . 
  increasing surveillance is something very few people will profit from , if at all . 
  the only advantage i could think of would be a subjective feeling of being safe . 
  sorry , i get a bit angry at incompetence relating to that topic . 
  your comment is outrageous !, 
  i think student unions are very important for any society , but educational reforms really made it harder to be engaged in activities . 
  perfection is a myth . 
  if i would ever be perfectly safe , i think i would kill myself . 
  if you are seriously concerned about your safety in ( most parts of ) europe , you are very easily frightened . 
  erdogan has a small dick !, 
  who would have thought ... 
  sadly you can not hold anyone responsible for writing the law . 
  creating it costs money and someone failed to see the relevant tripping stones of modern information processing . 
  terrorism is n't really a relevant danger , bad jurisprudents , on the other hand , can be . 
  the bka should define which powers they need for optimal efficiency . 
  an open discussion about what powers the society is willing to grant them after that would make everyone happier . 
  we would need that discussion for the military too , because right now they can only be described as data whores . 
  and always without noticing it . 
   to my knowledge there 's never been a free trade agreement negotiated publicly . 
  and you know what ? 
  we have never been to the moon before the last century . 
   as i said , secret negotiations are normal and necessary why ? 
  on which topics ? 
  you do n't think parties know about the economic situation of public institutions . 
  afraid of too much input ? 
   unprecedented amount of transparency because of public pressure ... so why do n't keep it up ? 
   whether or not to sign it . 
  i do n't believe it . 
   all treaties have to be negotiated in secret . 
  why ? 
  please explain it again . 
  maybe i am a bit slow . 
  and lazy !, 
  and lazy !, 
   authorities ca n't do that because we have a ton of privacy protections legally . 
  we need more where that came from . 
  if that would n't mean second guantanamo , since you can not construct any allegations . 
  you do n't need jobs which produce nothing . 
  we already have too many of that kind . 
  today , the productivity of a single human can feed hundreds of other people . 
  so theoretically we could live pretty well without everyone having to work . 
  services will play an increased role , while production will be handed over to automation ... at some time infrastructure projects will be finished and you will have the same problem . 
  i am !, 
  tell that to that paranoid bunch advocating for increased surveillance and security . 
  pure emotional reaction without much thought . 
  do you think any intelligence agency will be able to stop independent actors from committing terrorism ? 
  that is like believing in santa clause . 
  and no , i think integration because of terrorism would end in a catastrophe . 
  the standard response would be a call for more security forces . 
  we already had that , so ... and yes , terrorism is a foreign policy issue . 
  no intelligence agency is ever going away . 
  and no , i really do n't need increased intelligence . 
  do you honestly think any agency could prevent this kind of terror ? 
  these are independent actors . 
  not if you are honest to yourself . 
  terror is a risk we just have to accept because of immigration . 
  that is the cost . 
  plain and simple . 
   i do n't care if the intelligence agency is local or eu wide i do . 
  let 's reintroduce borders then . 
   we just had attacks in france coordinated in belgium due to failure of internal security . 
  no , it was a foreign policy failure and no , i never would want a eu-wide agency . 
  i am not integrating because of terrorism . 
  this is lunacy . 
  we do n't even have a unified foreign policy within the eu and you want to create an intelligence agency ? 
  i call you naive . 
  i do n't like more integration because of terror . 
  wrong motivation . 
  he was correct ... 
  perhaps they are just realistic about their economic situation ? 
  talk about identity ? 
  will get you btfo and says more about you , my dear glorified ape friend .
