  are n't most states pretty much insolvent ? 
  they are n't ? 
  no , because we believe those to be debts , that will somehow be repaid compared to other investments . 
  i agree with the first part . 
   stuffing cash into a mattress should not be a sustainable way to save . 
  for the state ? 
  for private citizens ? 
  why not ? 
   growth this has become dogmatic . 
  unlimited growth is neither possible nor required . 
  the meaning has become detached from increased productivity . 
   and germany will pay you back in 10 years hahaha, 
   looking for a job in it now . 
  goodbye sociopathy , hello autism . 
  i always save annoying burgers for sundays . 
  i think that it would get the same amount of criticism and that it is justified . 
  even if your government consists out of saints , you should treat them like they are criminals on probation . 
  i think the legislative will understand ... 
  what did he do ? 
  very good points , i agree . 
  i though creationism was an american thing ... 
   tatcher she made video games ? 
  true and the elected personal represents the `` will of the people '' , but it is nevertheless a compromise for a more efficient government . 
  a referendum directly represents the will of voters . 
  one disadvantage of representative democracy is the reduced identification with democracy . 
  that is why we take voter turnout numbers very seriously , because it reflects the state of our democracy . 
  because mps know better what is good for the voters ? 
  or do you mean the legal definition ? 
  remember that you have to say that you have pure blood , if you ever get stopped by the police . 
   the `` will of the people '' finds its expression just as much in a referendum as it does in the elected mps . 
  compared to referendum ? 
  the domain name could use some work ... 
  i would actually like to have a discussion about where people would like to see responsibilities in regulating immigration . 
  i do think some countries would profit from immigration , some do not . 
  is this really a problem of the eu or that of national states ? 
  i find it very strange that left leaning groups often occupy the national subs . 
  / r/de is becoming an animal farm . 
  pretty good in my opinion . 
  readiness for foreign intervention would be a huge example , in my opinion . 
  it is to argue , if that is really indicative of having different goals . 
  the first one . 
  i think it is very possible that any european country could have global interests which would be contrary to the interests of another european country . 
  one could argue that the probability of having common european interests are higher , of course . 
   well , the eu does operate on the principle of subsidiarity true , if we manage to keep to that principle , there can be further integration . 
  but federalization also comes with a lot of trouble concerning distribution of competences . 
  think educational policies in germany . 
  every nation has its own system to check for violations of that principle . 
  i can not tell you , how effective that is . 
  we also have that irritating bverfg , which also has something to say about that . 
  did we disregard economic subsidiarity with the creation of the $ ? 
  interesting question in my opinion . 
  your personal influence in smaller communities is a few magnitudes higher . 
  a vote for the european parliament has a specific value depending on the country you are voting from . 
  that would need to be addressed an i think that would make problems visible , why we can not just have a complete political union . 
  sure you could argue that foreign interests could relativize your personal influence , because it forces you to have a certain standpoint . 
  but i do n't see the problem . 
   if you have a problem with black people being in your country because of racial reasons , then you are racist ? 
  yes , that would definitely make me a racist . 
   our interests do n't exist . 
  there are certain topics on which we would profit to speak with one voice , but that does n't extend to all policies . 
  you are suggesting that our `` wills be absorbed '' by the eu . 
  this is like wanting to kill yourself because we all die anyway . 
  i think decentralized governance is better . 
  what if the state stops funding maintenance of bridges ? 
   but the arrogance of the leaders of even our own intelligence agencies which is n't justified at all . 
  sadly , it is not a huge issue to many people . 
  which would be very correct for our current level of development . 
   i would be pretty shocked if it was true . 
  shocked ? 
  yes . 
  surprised ? 
  definitely not . 
   humility is a good value . 
  depends on the situation . 
  i agree , although i would dispute the importance of history , ethnicity and religion to a large degree . 
  a central international government would lack any form of accountability , its authorities any form of shared values and responsibility . 
  i think we will get there some day , but that will be a development , not a decision made above the heads of the civil population , like it was done with decisions in response to the immigration crisis . 
  because that will fail miserably . 
  i just think that transcending nations because nationalism is bad is a ridiculous idea . 
  especially if you want to replace nationalism with regionalism , which is very similar besides of scope . 
  to transcend an idea , you need a better one . 
   do you really think any of these companies think their products could survive if they censored anything including the word `` immigrants '' ? 
  it would be cheaper than to have an image of supporting racism , be it a valid accusation or not . 
   i 'm sorry , maybe i do n't understand the issue correctly . 
  the companies are afraid of being associated with racism or sexism or anything the zeitgeist currently condemns as being irredeemable . 
  to achieve that , anything remotely critical will be removed . 
  it is not really relevant if the content really qualifies as `` hate '' . 
  in short , the result will be unnecessary censorship . 
  companies have to keep up appearances . 
  haha ... not entirely wrong . 
  racism accusation are not an argument anymore . 
  he does n't have a clue . 
  what is the difference of regional identification to national identification ? 
  these properties will be replaced by working the fewest hours as possible until feel-good-politics are broken down . 
   it should be up to the people of the nation to decide yes, 
  i think thanks a lot of bullshit . 
   anybody reasonably intelligent will see that lacking self determination will lead to civil radicalization . 
  i would vote to stay in , but we are long past about having a discussion what the better option would be . 
  i disagree . 
  hans ... really ... you do n't get it .
