  that takes some creativity . 
  we run out of countries to be good hosts for vpns ... 
  i do n't support their views , but they were nevertheless raided because facebook posts . 
  a private group and you wanted an answer . 
  so fuck off too . 
  http://www.theverge.com/2016/7/13/12170590/facebook-hate-speech-germany-police-raid you do n't want to believe it ? 
  in germany , that was a few days ago . 
  house search and a big fine included . 
  it is a stupid thing to believe it would only be used against terrorists . 
  how can you be so naive ... 
  i do n't really get it . 
  poor argument . 
  this is why you have to hold you representatives accountable ... 
  they changed their representations of working class rights to some undefinable collectivist illiusion of justice . 
  some do indeed make good work in protecting the weakest members of society , but their intellectual basis and integrity has completely deteriorated . 
  i do n't like russias behaviour towards eastern europe but sometimes i start to believe that their worries about russians living in european coutries is partly justified . 
  they also did help defeat nationalism . 
  and they paid a high price for that . 
  the football thing or soccer or the european council, 
  sorry , i meant ec, 
   educated people tend to be more in favor of it . 
  the author wanted to say that better people tend to be more in favor of it , did n't he ? 
  it is purely a scapegoat and no , the us is not a terrible country . 
  on the contrary . 
  but we can not really point the finger on russia , by doing exactly the same . 
  you can make an ethical argument and it would be correct . 
  but that is meaningless on a political level . 
  by doing it ourselves , we enable russia to do it without repercussions . 
  if your country is a hegemonial power , many shit gets blamed on you . 
  in many times it is not justified but it is what it is . 
  i am not a friend of putin , if that is what you ask . 
  but i think it is of utmost importance to keep pressure up on your own surveillance apparatus . 
  if that is fixed , we could go back to pointing fungers . 
  i made a statement about russia . 
  i do n't know that . 
  i run with critizising both . 
  but since you made that statement . 
  what do you care about surveillance in russia ? 
  and what does the nsa want with my data ? 
  should n't you condem these trades of data , too ? 
  my government is cooperating with the nsa , so they made it my problem . 
  edit : but yes , i do critizise them too . 
  do you critizise the nsa ? 
  maybe true . 
  then the nsa is the largest surveillance agency i am personally affected by . 
  does n't matter . 
  that can not be a justification for surveillance . 
  ok , it is the largest surveillance agency we know about . 
  subjective judgement . 
  the facts are that the measures described in the article are already practiced in many western countries . 
  he has leaked the documents and they were authentic . 
  there is nothing else to discuss . 
  even if you try to attack the credibility of snowden . 
  did i make a statement about the us ? 
  why so defensive ? 
  do you want politics or ethics ? 
  there is a distinction . 
  `` whataboutism '' is to critizise ethics . 
  that does not have necessarily have anything to do with politics . 
  the nsa is the world largest surveillance authority . 
  we had a lot of sources on that . 
  edit : russia is culturally advanced . 
  they have no death penalty , for example . 
  at least germany used the time during the em to increase surveillance . 
  there are source all around this topic . 
  there wo n't be a change . 
  the other big party is currently very weak , because they changed their target demographic . 
  the smaller ones do n't have the support . 
  so cdu dominance is pretty much a given . 
  true , i have a different opinion . 
  i am not convinced transnational democracies are something that can be implemented so that governance can reach an acceptance that it would have on a national level . 
  at least in the foreseeable future . 
  but it is a relaxing read between two very polarized positions . 
  it is a question about sovereignty and that has nothing to do with xenophobia , racism or isolationism . 
  i am a smoker , but the level of selfharm of these arguments is unbearable . 
  but habermas is very honest about it . 
  i do n't think creating a core europe will convince polarized positions . 
  i think there has to be time that europeans get to know the eu . 
  it has changed a lot in the recent years . 
  mostly improved , but not on all accounts . 
  i would disagree that brexit strengthens german influence . 
  on a political level it does , but it will have a detrimental effect on the acceptance of the union . 
  inside and outside of germnay . 
  what he says about greeks and spainards losing their jobs because of cuts ... that is n't a smear campaing for the right . 
  the councils can not be held responsible by their votes . 
  it is an undemocratic situation . 
  on the other hand he is completely correct about the directions of common military or other common authorities . 
  that would impress nobody and is not the way to more integration . 
  on the contrary . 
  actually we had a smear campaign against national movements . 
  and everyone not completely blind noticed , that this was based on fear . 
  in the long run , they would not have been able to create a model for a future , where democracy and social policies could prevail . 
  they would have destroyed themselves . 
  edit : the translation is quite horrible, 
   also , someone who is a frequent `` contributor '' to / r/the _ donald is not a liberal . 
  wrong . 
  he could be very a liberal in the original sense . 
  it is more likely you would be conservative though . 
  but do you have an example , where trump has illiberal views ? 
  roger , sven .
