  you can be religious and secular . 
  it was not meant as a judgement of your perspective , it was just bad syntax . 
  there are politicians that actively advocate for a dilution of people of nations . 
  not that it would qualify for the far-right alleged genocide fears , because they are n't taken very seriously , but it is despicable nonetheless and shows how out of touch their worldview has become . 
  this is a thing that will happen naturally , but reactionary backlash is actually valid , if you segregate this bullshit . 
  diversity is currently a dogma because it has become the zeitgeist . 
  to that end i think that it has indeed much to do with signaling . 
  diversity is a very good thing in my opinion , but ethnicity , nationality or gender are seperate topics . 
  of course advocates often mean a single coherent casserole of everyhing , not actual diversity . 
  edit : a word, 
  1 ) that would not be the task of the bnd in germany , it would be the task of domestic intelligence services . 
  2 ) yes , capabilities changed , so a discussion is necessary 3 ) every nation uses a protectionist economic policy . 
  no reason to criticise that ? 
  good . 
  4 ) they got caught . 
  the ignore the law . 
  any threat these services could potently identify and compensate for is not as great as the weakening of the law which inherently happend because of actions of these authorities . 
  5 ) any authority in a democratic state has to be held accountable for their actions . 
  that did not happen . 
  fuck you , bnd . 
  true, 
  which aspects of the economy would be affected ? 
  a united states of europe is unrealistic . 
  and it is not the opposite of any isolationist model . 
  far from it , in many aspects . 
  they did n't control the sea during churchils time either . 
  do you mean a united europe or a federal one ? 
  because the latter is a pipe dream . 
  hm , at least this statement about immigration is honest, 
  are n't very successful, 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think they would be unstable because of infighting and stay at arount 5 % - 10 % . 
  i think the investments were worthwhile . 
  there are bad ~ ~ airports ~ ~ examples , but overall the startup scene can show itself . 
  even will am million trillion data sets , it shoud be possible to explain the result . 
  i like the spirit of this law . 
  i agree with the premise of this article . 
  that is one reason more why the brexit has been a huge loss for europe . 
  it is just not true , that britain has been blocking any form of european policy . 
  they were scapegoated for it , like the eu is scapegaoted for bad national policies . 
  i am not sure if merkel stands for more or less european integration . 
  and i claim , that nobody really does . 
  but that works in her favour actually . 
  your insinuation is as dirty as his lack of context . 
  basic polarization . 
  i am better and smarter than the both of you and also more sexy too . 
  the accusation of pc is as old as anyone living could possibly think . 
  it was used by the right to fight any form of liberalism . 
  and by the left to close down discussion about certain topics . 
  sometimes it is a good thing , sometimes not . 
  it does indeed have the problem , that words like racism will lose their meaning and it is indeed used to regulate speech . 
  it is not intrinsically worthwile , nor intrinsivally bad . 
  i think it should stay in the realm of politics . 
   no , i think it is an attempt to combat the effects of racism . 
  does n't work, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  my perception is that it was not an economical choice for voters at all . 
  should you weight in economical issues to make discisions about governance ? 
  or if so , to which degree and are there be other possible factors ( not asking about the immigration question ) ? 
  what information do we get from the 50:50 result ? 
  was there a correct descission in this referendum , in your opinion ? 
  i do n't think a second referendum would be realistic . 
  the eu does have problems with legitimacy , a second referendum could make that even worse . 
  disclaimer : i did and do profit heavily from the eu . 
   that can be damn sure their opponents will leverage the hell outta it in the elections . 
  would be the only sane path to take , to be honest . 
  but i am not convinced . 
   if the effects of leaving are better understood what are the effects ? 
  what would be the problem , if there are people mourning differently for their dead ? 
  how are these customs related to a wider culture ? 
  i agree that there is often offense being taken , if customs are ignored , but i can not see the connection to democracy . 
  i do n't think ethnicity is of relevance , since there are very prominent examples of democracies , where ethnic homogeneity is not prevalent . 
  what do you think are elements of a culture , that have to be homogenous ? 
  http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y see the bexit fall ? 
  that were bets . 
  edit : you have to change the time scale to see it . 
  first the refugees and now britisch people ... 
  it did n't happen after the financial crisis , which dropped the pound nearly 3 times more than brexit . 
   the house market place is already feeling the sudden lack of buyers . . which would be good for local buyers , like it should be ? 
  http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y the pound was weak before that . 
  financial crisis and stuff . 
  to blame all that on brexit is dishonest . 
  my politicans tell me that the weak $ is good for exports . 
  this is a non-argument . 
  edit : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y he still can not beat the financial crisis . 
  i do n't know what to make from these kind articles . 
  the vote has been held . 
  the numbers still show , that people are extremly divided . 
  you can not be more divided , than passing a 50:50 vote on an issue . 
  there is good reason to be sceptical about the eu , there is good reason to want to stay in the eu . 
  much more interesting would be to determine the reason of this division . 
  did n't read much about that . 
   people angry about 2nd referendum because `` democracy '' sometimes , anger is the correct response . 
  so which behaviour of a society would qualify them to be not be better off with a dictatorship , in your opinion ? 
   i really think democracy is a flawed system why ? 
  there are no easy answers to a complex problem !, 
  i agree . 
  spiegel was great once , but this article is not part of anything resembling the problems of democracy . 
  i know it is an editorial , but its content is just an unbased shitty opinion . 
   i do n't think the eu can afford to fight another pr battle at this point .
