politicians defining the relationship between countries is a concept that really has proven to be unsuccessful . 
   many in brussels have lost their trust in berlin . 
  well , not exactly a reason to bear a grudge about ... 
   their leaks showed nothing new i think the leaks show an anti-emancipatory character of the agreement . 
  but you are correct , that was anticipated . 
  i think the trade agreement is off the table for at least some time . 
  maybe even for good . 
  ttip is more or less done for . 
  thank you , greenpeace !, 
  what a comeback . 
  you could argue that children of gay parents are adopted in most cases . 
  it is correct to say that adopted children face additional difficulties , i.e. 
  are more criminal as a result . 
  * what the afd tries to do is to get people to make comparison to `` normal '' families . 
  without any further examination , they could win this argument with plain statistics . 
  but you have to do this comparison with adopted kids in this case . 
  suddenly their argument falls apart to the most degree . 
  without context you have to agree to the statement alone . 
  yes , they are more prone to criminality . 
  because most of them are adopted and that can lead to problems . 
  just things that are important to keep in mind in my opinion . 
  / * compare that to children without any parents and you easily get to the conclusion that adoptions are a very good idea . 
  true , i think the most challenges children of gay parents is facing discrimination because of that fact . 
  not really the fault of the parents and you can not regard that for making policies . 
  edit : still , if you take the headline of this submission , that would n't exactly be wrong . 
  do n't be sorry , arguments are good in most cases , and i am not any better . 
  i am from a single parent household and nothing ruffles my jimmies more than ideological positions on this topic , if you want to make an argument about my neutrality . 
  i am very glad that there are people defending gay rights . 
  i disagree slightly . 
  in most cases you have a far closer relationship to your parents and that is a huge factor for the ability of children to form relationships . 
  do you think it would be fair to discriminate against gay parents , if there are alternatives ? 
  and should we regard any extended family ? 
  just a note : i think my country has too restrictive adoption rights . 
  no , i think gay parents are better than having only one parent or none at all . 
  i also think that gay parents can be very great . 
  i do actually believe that parents from two different genders is more optimal , but that does not conclude to forbid gay people from becoming parents . 
  no child on this world has a perfect familiy . 
  i just want to have honesty on this topic and hate it becoming politicized . 
  we are an enlightened and emancipated society , so it should be possible . 
  let 's pick your example . 
  what do you think are the reasons for the crisis , if you would need to put it in two sentences ? 
  poverty is a very important factor , that is true . 
  besides that , the data could very well be used to argue otherwise . 
  as the article states . 
  the argument that the correlation to poverty is much more important is a very good approach . 
   i do n't even need mountains of evidence , it 's just common sense . 
  my common sense tells me otherwise . 
  for example ? 
  let 's take canada : http://lib.post.ca.gov/publications/building%20a%20career%20pipeline%20documents/safe_harbor.pdf you can make a point , that there are other reasons for these correlations . 
  edit : `` as in those that agree with your views and ignore data stating otherwise : ^ ) '' which data ? 
  pretty much any sociologist/psychologist worth anything would tell you , that kids from single parent households are more prone to get problems . 
  i actually do think , that the gender of parents is also important . 
  it seems to have a higher influence on boys . 
  especially having no father is detrimental . 
  i think the lisbon treaty has n't any democratic legitimacy . 
  it is a bureaucratic pamphlet . 
  tough question . 
   still , it gives the impression that eu overrides national sovereignty and tries to order countries around it does ? 
  thank you , greenpeace . 
  i love leaking . 
  and sadly , it is necessary . 
  http://www.esiweb.org/index.php?lang=en&amp;id=156&amp;document_id=170 this is the relevant plan . 
  it will fail and be a very dangerous experiment for the eu from people from yesterday . 
  edit : if i were british ... 
  funny ... the sad thing about this is that you get jealous , since they obviously have politicians , who stand behind something . 
  learned a new word . 
  so , mental abuse ? 
  is n't that a bit delu ... forget it . 
   why the mods have n't banned him yet because nothing he said it outside of having an opinion ? 
  i think you might hallucinate about seeing insults . 
  the media in germany did not report all the facts , when it came to criminal excesses . 
  i think they always were pretty transparent about reporting with consideration of prejudices , though . 
  and it shows that their fears were n't completely unwarranted . 
  people feel cheated , nevertheless . 
  it is no trivial question , if that was the right course of action . 
  i think his interpretation is n't completely wrong . 
  i do n't think the behaviour of the crowd is that rational , but it seems like an explanation . 
  general dissatisfaction with our government , i think . 
  it does really suck , but the people protesting him seem a bit too agitated . 
   ber opening 3rd quarter 2019 , probably . 
  i believe it , when i see it . 
   my point really did n't have anything to do with gm crops , true . 
  i just assumed it , sorry . 
  so you would agree , that a precautionary principle is n't contrary to the principle of science ? 
  because they are two different issues ? 
  there is no scientific consensus ( does n't really exist on most issues ) , that deployment of gm crops is safe . 
  there could be an agreement , that there is a low risk . 
  that is a difference . 
   that 's their reason d\u2019etre . 
  then it failed . 
  http://enveurope.springeropen.com/articles/10.1186/2190-4715-24-24 ... and we have to resolve our patent law systems first before employing gm crops , no ? 
  and there is the problem , that other plants get resistances because of synthetic herbicides . 
  because they can adapt . 
  plants are very successful in doing that . 
  faster than we ever could . 
  i think pesticide use has n't really decreased with gm crops . 
  you do have a supplier lock-in though . 
  pure speculation . 
  sorry we are in the 21st . 
  century , the age of transparency .
