  the eu was a mistake . 
  disclaimer : yes , this is obviously !!!!, 
  the fault of eu institutions ... edit : more exclamation marks to underline my tangible and objective point, 
  the point i wanted to make , is that you could n't determine who is or is not enlightened enough to vote or be a candidate . 
  well , you could , but it would n't be a democracy . 
  i also think that a meritocracy is a pretty underdeveloped form of governance . 
  it can be pretty awesome for other form of communities , though . 
  i would probably retract any form of social contract , if my government would implement it for society . 
  long term development , stability and harmony are pretty soft concepts and i think nobody would seriously object to that . 
  so these goals would n't hold much value . 
   idiots need to filtered out thank you for your cooperation . 
  ever heard of defensive fire ? 
  i am pretty sure it is working as intended . 
   a good solution i think is getting rid of soviet germany , which is the real problem . 
  i like eastern germany . 
   no , we 're outnumbered . 
  exactly :(, 
  there is no unified left that is guilty of anything ... 
  as somone who is against a segregated elite level of educational institutions , this casts a smile on my face . 
  it was just a word play . 
  the literal meaning would be having a negative disposition towards members of your own gender . 
  in popular context , it would mean having an aversion to homosexual people , of course . 
  do n't take it too seriously . 
  in reality you are just sexist , because you have quite a negative view of an abstract group of people regarding gender and you base your comment and your judgement on that . 
  this would be true regardless of your actual gender , which i assumed to be male ( see , i have my own prejudices ! ) . 
  but do n't be afraid !, 
  not everyone thinks like you , so i would n't advertise for laws to curb this unreflected behaviour . 
  ... now , back to the bridge with me !, 
  what a homophobic comment you wrote ... 
  well , in germany the tax code is made to fuck honest people . 
  nobody wants to reform it , because it would destroy a whole industry of tax accountants . 
  does everybody need a tax accountant ? 
  no , alternatively you can decide yourself to get fucked . 
  number of non idiotic laws regarding information technology and data retention in germany : 0 you could say that we are always on an all time high ... 
  it is a feeling of common ground . 
  nothing more . 
  but i can see that it can be important . 
  the eu always tried to be a substitute but it only worked for some . 
  for years we have been told that the failure of the $ will result in a failure of the eu . 
  so have some leniency if people connect these topics . 
  of course not . 
  i would be personally affected and probably unfit to make a judgement about it . 
  i think a t\u00fctensuppe would n't make a good political leader . 
  on the other hand ... 
  true , i think very highly of her . 
  i would have a serious argument about the constrasts of freedom and equality with her , but that would be a discussion i do n't necessarily need to win . 
  from a political perspective i think that merkel `` stomped '' the left and made herself difficult to attack . 
  and it is my perception of merkel , that her view on the political situation can be trusted . 
  the left in general wants a strong state . 
  i do not ( with many exceptions ) . 
  that will always be a wedge between me and her party . 
  i think a lot of policies they are conjuring will inevetiably have to be shouldered by the weakest members of society , who are n't represented very well by their current party line . 
  edit : word, 
  then try to vote her out . 
  i think there is no alternative to merkel . 
   someone should have informed them santa clause ? 
  well the road has holes in it and is generally in a bad shape because it was used in the last 50 years . 
  but it is totally not finished . 
  see ? 
  i just scattered some pebble on it . 
   i do n't see the problem . 
  billing them thousands of $ for an asset with pending transactions most of the current inhabitants could n't have any knowledge of ? 
  justice !, 
  i feel there is work to do for our legislative . 
  the procedure is bad , i think so much is obvious . 
   roads do n't pay for themselves really now ? 
  i wonder how they are fianced ... 
  it does n't get better with you , hans . 
  you are regressing . 
  i very much believe that integration will be a huge lot of work ...  a spate of terror attacks this month has shattered germans ' confidence in their ability to absorb such vast numbers of foreigners ... but if you base your judgement about immigration policies on that incident , you are a moron . 
  there are people that consider themselves to be left wing , who happen to bring forward bad ideas . 
  we pay too much attention to them , so they are perceived to be important . 
   if not to do justice but to prevent things like this from taking place in the future . 
  you would have to let go of the constitutional state at that point . 
   german women are super cold and always keep distance to the point of psychosis . 
  you can hold their hand and they will call it a rape you are just incompetent , italy . 
   someone is going to call it censoring . 
  which is good , because it enforces validation . 
  depends , was it a pro erdogan kebab ? 
  do n't blame it on me if you have people on the streets crying about it . 
  i am too lazy for that shit . 
  there are no uninformed masses that are n't interested in information . 
  / r/europe users might be an exception in regards of being informed , but you should not project that on civil society as a whole . 
  polemics aside , you do want a press code supressing certain information ? 
  brilliant !, 
  that will really save media credibility . 
  believing that readers are n't able to put these reports in context started this mess , really . 
  now we have a reaction to alleged untruth distributed by media reporting . 
  restricting civil liberties also should have a reason and we have plenty of that because of terrorism . 
  so what is the reason ? 
  have an explaination ? 
  terrorism is either a big threat , or politicians have made bad populist descisions . 
  can not have it both ways . 
  edit : if it is a threat , then the media in general has failed their duty of clarification, 
  or generally speaking of rhetoric with the grace of a mutant . 
  perhaps you become a little paranoid if you are bannished to a small rainy island . 
  that was actually never her position at all . 
  she only recently embraced it because of the percived alternative would be afd and similar right wing positions . 
  she is more in the center than that . 
  what do you think she could have done ?
