  great , now everyone can say we have to endure tougher laws because of immigration . 
  our mps are ... old and slow . 
  edit : this was more predictable than knowing that you have to shit sometimes, 
  yeah , i know . 
  i was just an overly offensive joke . 
   they could have lived in palestine be honest here . 
  what do you think would happen ? 
  think they would enjoy their freedom ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  neither do you . 
  that is mean . 
  belgium is famous for sweets and child pornography . 
  i always wondered , if there is a connection . 
  so , european countries prosecuted jews and `` selflessly '' send them to the desert to have a place on their own . 
  and now you want to tell me that you care about the local population ? 
  not very believable and heavily self righteous . 
  i do n't think many israeli jews have a problem with arabs living there , for that matter . 
  i think it had more to do with being prosecuted in europe , to be honest . 
  but that is n't true at all . 
  it is a misconception . 
  not all israelis are religious . 
  this is the history of almost every nation . 
  wise decision, 
  cool , reason . 
  that is awfully short in recent days ... 
   and using them to pressure for a two-state solution . 
  did n't work, 
  please isreal , also bulldoze the rest of the eu . 
  sadly , he is a crazy person . 
  bye , bye european union . 
  lawyers have too much prestige, 
  no , i am absolutely shameless . 
  better hope it would n't drag others countries down . 
  on the other hand , why not . 
   europe is richer and more peaceful than it has ever been , largely thanks to the eu . 
  i do n't think it has too much to do with the eu . 
  wrong , and i imagine intentionally so on your behalf . 
  this is not an economic question . 
  circular argument . 
  you would have rules for export and rules for your domestic market . 
  good , looks like choice ? 
  perhaps the uk does n't want to influence market rules of other countries ? 
  i surly do n't . 
  can not speak for norwegians or anyone from the swiss . 
  but i think they manage . 
   rules it realistically will have yo accept anyway ... rules from whom ? 
   that people do n't want with good reason , because moderators can be pretty shitty too . 
  also circlejerk . 
  much more than / r/europe, 
  i do n't get that leap of argument , to be honest . 
  i know i sound pretty anti-eu , but that is normal for me . 
  it is just true , you are giving up on sovereignty and there are good and bad reason to do so . 
  just playing with open cards . 
  it was intended to be provisionary after ww2 until we give ourselves a `` real '' constitution . 
  our gg is not that bad , though . 
  integrating into the eu constitutes giving legislative power to a central organ . 
  not every vote counts the same within the eu . 
  the would qualify for an answer i think . 
  no , our grundgesetz stops having relevance when we give ourselves a constitution . 
  not important , though . 
  we have no constitution because of historical reasons and god is a lazy sucker . 
  he always just wants money . 
  joining the eu because you want to save money ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  anyway , do you know how much upkeep the eu institution cost us ? 
  it is a calculation nobody wants to do . 
  and it is not really relevant . 
  the eu has good and bad sides . 
  wrong . 
  integrating into the eu is has to do with limiting national sovereignty . 
  wether that is good or bad is another question . 
  but he is factually correct . 
  be more honest and maybe more people would listen . 
  yeah , globalization is why nations can not have their own sovereignity , yadda , yadda , yadda . 
  this is a lie . 
  these are also meaningless buzzwords . 
  edit : spelling, 
  driving in switzerland is a most horrible experience a driver can have . 
  and if you are not careful , you are also broke after doing so . 
  so it is practically for free ? 
  a month pay in 4 years ? 
  that is absolutely nothing . 
  i think that is the case in european societies . 
  some lunatics in left wing parties are to be ignored . 
  nah , life risk in the us is too high . 
  well , normally the left braces itself for having a culture of putting their own house in order first . 
  so what happened to this party in the uk ? 
  at least they are not in power . 
  diversity my ass . 
  our agriculture is more efficient than , let 's they , that of the us . 
  much more . 
  edit : i do n't think glyphosate is that dangerous . 
  i think there is a risk x. 
  so i have to look at the gains . 
  i do n't see them . 
  if there are n't any , i do n't see an incentive to license a potentially !, 
  dangerous herbicide . 
  not a too complicated thought , i think . 
  direct democracy does n't work ... 
   you know , i 'd really , really like to emphasize with the whole free speech issue perhaps if you would do that , others would do the same to the yadda yadda librul arts ...
