  you want it to make sense , but it does n't . 
  two distinct sets of problems . 
  edit : spelling, 
  we have a very old demographic . 
   it feels good to be enlightened in one 's patronizing , patriarchal ( or , should i say matriarchal , angela ? 
  ) , racism . 
  sometimes it just feels good to help people . 
  there is actual a reason to that . 
  it has nothing to do with sex . 
  get your boobs together , burger, 
  it is funny that people most worried about losing their culture , are the first , to throw cultural achievements out of the window . 
  it is just crazy talk, 
   spot on . 
  not many seem to realise this . 
  i think it is wrong . 
  you would just have a market for these trade agreements . 
  i like a purer form of sovereignty because not many can really make an argument here . 
  your position does improve in numbers , but it is not a sufficient reason . 
  eu courts are not important . 
  the effort alone ... could have just send a hate mail . 
  yeah , plato was a sad dick . 
  this is awesome . 
  especially after the future chinese communist invasion of america . 
  yes , all while actively doubting the intellect of others . 
  like communists, 
  `` this book is too dangerous for the general public '' - how to spot an idiot . 
  whoever doubts the general intellect of others , has none to begin with . 
  i would give you more , but am pretty low on funds right now . 
  take 5 cent for every smart thing someone says as aristoteles tax . 
  oh yes , that is a positive . 
  this is the fail solution to the demographic question . 
  not really the fault of the refugees though ... 
  where to ? 
  we should n't try to fix anything . 
  for me , there is no party with that name anymore, 
  i do n't take myself that serious either . 
  nope . 
  i am sitting here being lazy . 
  yeah , i pretty much meant that . 
  it is not because of the refugees , but no . 
  i want on the third track ... 
  i hate my country now . 
   i am [ ... ] a bot [ ... ] actually [ ... ] yes, 
   simplicity [ ... ] communism [ ... ] the west [ ... ] social issues fully explained [ ... ] i am pretty sure i can write a bot for that . 
  it actually might pass the touring test . 
  i am not jealous ... 
  ... and insane and disconnected from reality ... but beyond that ... they are really cute . 
  this text is lacking perspective to be honest . 
  wikileaks is as critical about russia as it is about the us . 
  edit : spelling, 
  this !, 
  as if it would grow on trees . 
  nukular is soooo awesome ... 
  and this is one of the better policies of our ( current ) social democrats . 
  they do n't know what they are doing or they are assholes . 
  it 's probably not black and white and a combination of both . 
  i feel that being poor is more profitable right now, 
  and compulsory birth control always worked brilliantly without any side effects ... 
  as someone without kids i would immediately flee the country . 
  there is a border for any form of social contract . 
  my school botched sexual education that much , that one could think about compensation . 
  really true ... 
  the press even admitted it . 
  i think the british are correct . 
  i do n't want to throw my life away for ( the current ) brussels , to be honest . 
  and why would anyone be that crazy ? 
   but never before in earths history ... is quite a small argument . 
  i like the public pressure for more transparency . 
  what is not to like ? 
  ... never in earth history interests were better connected . 
  well , she has about 80 million children . 
  shit , i 've been sexually harassing everyone all my life . 
  terrorism is a very good thing if your government consists of a stick of dicks . 
  no really , there is positive terrorism !, 
  i am going to kick out a lamp post now and nothing will stop me . 
  and yes , i would consider it a staunch form of weakness of the government and would suggests it has to say sorry . 
  there is a difference to being part of the christian faith and taking your religion seriously . 
  i think many are u-boot christians . 
  they pop up once a year for christmas . 
   the `` let 's break up everything and then we 'll build it better , promise '' is an age-old fraud that never really worked . 
  this is the fucking history of humanity . 
  i would heavily disagree . 
  did work before . 
  was great and stuff . 
  i do n't think we need that right now , but that statement is just wrong ... edit : nevermind that stability of the financial system is not in the interest of a lot of financial players . 
  on the contrary , many hope for more fluctuations . 
  it is not a conspiracy , just some greed ... 
  please , keep your feet on the ground . 
  working at an european central bank ? 
  it 's like working for scientology . 
  hey ... so if it were n't for you , i could buy three houses ... 
  this is a huge argument against the eu and also wrong . 
  i think you are nonsense . 
   it works if the government manages to facilitate cultural exchange it can not do that . 
  if an appeal is followed by an accusation , it transforms to a coercion . 
  this is still an rt-article about stupid and stupid meeting in the woods , of course . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i just wanted to follow the traditional way of arguing about these issues . 
  it is more important to know who is at fault than to discuss the issue at hand . 
  suck my balls , denmark .
