yes , it could be worse . 
  but is that really good enough to justify anything ? 
  and how much do refugees get in jordan , in terms of welfare , housing , education etc , and who pays for that ? 
  sure , 120 thousand refugees are nothing , sweden 's share ( about 5k if i got it right ) will not even make a dent in the overall situation . 
  but is it a one time thing ? 
  what will happen with the poor bastards aiming for germany/denmark/sweden etc but ending up in romania ? 
  i do n't see how this situation is sustainable for the eu or any of the member nations . 
  only good thing is it may eventually lead to the end of the eu , so i shall look on the bright side . 
  i know it sucked , but how is that different from yours ? 
  the actual number is the only relevant thing , adding `` it 's only x % of total '' makes it an idiotic argument , which was my whole point . 
   120.000 is less than 0.5 % of the total refugees out of syria so calm your fucking tits i guess denmark could handle 35 million immigrants , it 's only 0,5 % of the world 's population ... 
  i 'm sure they do . 
  or attempt to . 
  if they are anything like sweden they fail completely . 
  at least 90 % does n't have any identification . 
  that does n't stop sweden from handing out residence permits ( permanent ones , too ) like it 's candy . 
  and if you somehow get a deportation ruling against you , since we do n't know who you are , you will not be deported anywhere ... 
  even in those few cases where deportation is possible , activists and media ( in sweden those two are pretty much synonymous ) will protest until the authorities give up and makes another exception . 
  so we do n't actually know who we let in . 
  but we make an attempt to find out !, 
  sorry , it was sarcastic . 
  could have been a line from any of our media-elite though , including our public service ( supposedly neutral ) tv/radio . 
  it is of course a huge burden , but if sweden and germany invites them over , we can deal with the consequences ourselves . 
  no need to fuck over the rest of our neighbors . 
  how racist . 
  refugees are n't a weight to be carried . 
  it 's beneficial financially , socially and culturally so why the hell should the rest of europe/eu get to share our immigrants ? 
  we had one called svenskarnas parti in the elections 2014 . 
  they got a couple of thousands votes and discontinued their party soon after . 
  i 'm sure there 's a couple even smaller parties or new ones for the next election , but i do n't see an actual far-right party getting votes in sweden . 
  it 's hard enough to get people to consider voting sd . 
  as a fellow leftist ( former mp-voter , our green party ) sd is the only party that has politics compatible with left ideals . 
  how are we supposed to have a generous welfare state when we have 10 million citizens ( most of whom are n't net contributors financially ) in a world with billions of poor people ? 
  we should use whatever means we can spare to try and make the rest of the world a better place , not borrow cash to make our own land as shitty as most others . 
  germany and sweden should split it 50/50 . 
   i do n't understand why mandatory quotas are n't forced onto countries . 
  i do n't understand why spain are n't forced to take all refugees by themselves . 
  oh , you probably would n't like being forced to do something you did n't agree to . 
  it 's fair because that 's the deal all involved parties signed on to . 
  how would it be fair to suddenly alter the deal ( without them consenting to it ) these countries have ? 
  unfrenchify them and then toss their asses out . 
  yeah yeah , against the rules . 
  but rules can change . 
  i 'm terrified you might not leave . 
  if you do n't , there 's no way we will even consider it and we 'll go down with the ship . 
  if you do leave and we see how nicely it turns out for you , we may just follow your example . 
  ca n't we have both please ? 
  our former prime minister ( fredrik reinfeldt ) has flown over sweden and he saw plenty of empty land and forests . 
  we have room !, 
  i 'm guessing our current leader has flown over finland and made the decision that you also have room , and need the cultural/social/economical enrichment . 
  we are just trying to help you !, 
   `` the german willingness to help may not be overused . 
  burdens have to be distributed within the eu says the german minister of the interior at a press conference in berlin . 
  so , hints of a limit to german willingness to help ... `` burden '' ... 
  trying to get other nations to bear germany 's `` burden '' ... what the hell ? 
  sweden will not stand for such intolerance . 
  we will have to invade you and take control before history repeats itself . 
  having a limit is racinazifascist , the germans are at it again . 
  you could learn a thing or 5 from us swedes . 
  i 'm more interested in finding out why , despite planned increased revenue from raised taxes , as well as our economically beneficial mass immigration , our finance minister is considering borrowing money from the european investment bank specifically for the reception of asylum seekers . 
  allowing germany/sweden/austria etc. 
  to set their immigration policy will very soon cost them more than 2 % of gdp , not counting social/cultural costs . 
  i hope they have more brains than we do . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  but if we elect people that act irresponsibly , it 's our problem . 
  begging other countries to fuck themselves over because we did and now we sort of regret it ( but ca n't actually say it out loud , our media would crucify a single step in the `` wrong '' direction ) is disgraceful . 
  i ca n't stand the hypocrisy . 
  we made our bed . 
  we get a new chance 2018 . 
  sweden is acting disgraceful , pretending to be `` the humanitarian super-power '' and welcoming to all in need but doing everything to keep the numbers from rising even further . 
  denmark should not let refugees through to sweden , but as you say , sweden to finland go ahead . 
  we keep giving strong incentives to cross the mediterranean sea at any cost , then whine when people inevitably drown . 
  and then , to top it all off , we expect the rest of eu to `` take their share '' even though it 's apparently `` extremely beneficial '' for the swedish society/economy to accept refugees , regardless of numbers ( numbers are racist , to even hint at 500k , as some german did the other day , as some kind of limit for sustainable asylum applications would in sweden result in a huge outrage ) . 
  we have insane and/or incompetent leadership . 
  i am ashamed . 
  sorry neighbours . 
  will cameron cancel the plans for the brexit referendum now that the conservatives have already won the next election ? 
  do n't put it all on merkel/germany . 
  sweden is even worse and has been at it for a while already . 
  yeah , merkel is a bigger voice in the world/eu , but we compensate by being twice as stupid . 
  yes , but since i would be extremely devastated if a couple of hundred ( i do n't actually know how many , just pulling a number out of my ass ) football-players would suddenly need a work visa i am taking a personal interest in the matter and will now go to your mighty fine island and start up an anti-farage campaign . 
  well then , with so much at stake i am now a devout believer in the eu-project . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf page 152 . 
  the 3 most skeptical ( towards federation ) countries in the eu is not having a referendum on it . 
   so , i guess what i 'm asking is -- why always britain ? 
  why is it britain that has always been reluctant about european integration and is now even going to vote on leaving the eu , and not france or sweden or austria ? 
  is it just a cultural thing ? 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf page 152 is particularly interesting . 
  norway and iceland is n't even in the eu , and the rest of the nordics are much more negative towards the ultimate integration step of federalization than the brits . 
  pages 139 , 141 , 144 , 145 are also interesting . 
  edit : what i 'm trying to say is there 's plenty ( a super majority even ) of swedes who do not want a federation . 
  or more decisions taken on eu-level . 
  or the euro . 
  or common foreign policy . 
  but out politicians and our media wants that . 
  so the debate is dead . 
  they are just slowly getting on with the process even though we do n't want it , just hoping we will be tied in completely before anyone notices . 
  yes , that happens . 
  and much more . 
  he makes great money if he pays that much in taxes .
