  ordinarie low-skill jobs i would estimate pays about 3000 dollars a month , 1000 goes to taxes . 
  we were barely hit by the financial crisis , our businesses are doing pretty good . 
  there , i 've summed up everything to be positive about . 
  segregation , housing , education , social cohesion , healthcare , pensions , every single department being told to make room ( cut spending ) to make sure the state budget does n't get bigger than allowed because certain areas are suddenly severely underfunded , unemployment ( almost 30 % of non-eu immigrants are not even unemployed - you have to look for work to be placed in that category . 
  combined with all the different kinds of `` syssels\u00e4ttningar '' ( occupations , 1 hour per week of doing something and you are no longer in the unemployed camp ) as well as subsidies for those who actually do work part time or even full time things are looking really really really shitty once we are hit by a recession . 
  did i mention that only 60 % of `` arbetskraftsinvandrare '' ( labor immigrants ) are `` occupied '' ? 
  i could go on about jews in malm\u00f6 , islamism or even terrorism , our huge private debt ( which will fuck over a huge amount of people once the interest rates go up ) , lack of police , lack of teachers , lack of schools , lack of homes , lack of dentists , a government pushing to shut down our relatively fucking clean nuclear power in favor or imported coal-generated energy , having to send money to eu countries while their citizens come here to beg and live in filth and shit anywhere they please , occupying private land and making such a mess the owner has to pay for sanitizing the area . 
  oh , and having to pay for whatever social services they need , maybe a doctor or sex ed , or putting their kids in schools . 
  that felt nice . 
  anyway , i 'm looking forward to the reactions of our new neighbors when the welfare state is unanimously dismantled . 
  swedes will bend over and take it , we always do , but i doubt people who crossed half the world just for this specific thing will . 
  we shall overcome ? 
  i really do n't care at all about eurovision , but do n't ruin babymetal by letting it anywhere near that joke of a competion . 
  and multiculturalism . 
  a reasonable amount of people combined with assimilation policies and harsh criteria to get citizenship and family reunification would likely have resulted in acceptable integration . 
  greece does n't want refugee camps in their country ( to my knowledge anyway ) . 
  would you prefer to get 5000 ( of any currency ) to yourself , or 9000 but you have to split it evenly with another person ? 
  one of those economies is almost twice as big as the other , so it must be better , right ? 
  i do n't understand people 's obsession with growth , especially if it 's not on a per capita basis . 
  and certainly not if it is fueled by unsustainable population growth . 
   gdp increased 4.5 percent , working-day adjusted and compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 . 
  gdp of oct-nov-dec 2015 grew by 4,5 % compared to oct-nov-dec of 2014 ( or whatever 3 month period they use as the last quarter of a year ) . 
  of course there 's a full year between different year 's last quarters , does n't mean the gdp comparison was for the full year . 
  that 's why the word quarter is used in this case . 
  many of them will apply for family reunification , yes . 
  the rules have just been made a little harder for that though , but apparently are n't going to be applied to those who came last year . 
  ca n't remember the numbers , but i doubt it will be anywhere near 1 million family reunifications for those who will be granted asylum ( those 163k have n't , yet ) . 
  i like my tits the way they are , thank you . 
  4,5 % was for the last quarter compared to the previous year 's last , not the entire year . 
  but anyhow , it does look nice on the surface does n't it ? 
  how about this then : http://staffandanielsson.blogspot.se/2016/02/rut-rapport-25-av-flyktingar-har.html 25 % full time employed after 8 years , only 34 % after 15 years . 
  significantly lower if you remove those with some state subsidies still to their employment . 
  i wonder how that 's going to pay for itself let alone making a contribution to our society ... 
  note , in 2000 only 16303 people claimed asylum here . 
  last year 163000 , or precisely 10 times the number from 2000 . 
  is it going to be easier or harder with 10 times the number , no housing available , etc ? 
  so our gdp went up a little . 
  what a shock that 200.000 extra human beings in a country would trigger some economic activity . 
  oh , and apparently our exports are doing good , how nice with a bit of actual good news . 
  hating our media is justified . 
  not an excuse for violence though . 
  i 'll do whatever you want . 
  i 'll wear a lusekofta , i 'll cheer for northug , i 'll even stop making jokes about about you ( out loud , at least ) . 
  please take back bohusl\u00e4n while you are at it . 
  i 'd be eternally grateful . 
  we have the only thing that 's worse than nukes , surstr\u00f6mming . 
  refugees and family members of refugees have really low full time employment . 
  after 8 years ( not being in sweden , but after being placed in a municipality ) 25 % , after 15 years it only raises to 34 % . 
  if you remove those that still have some state subsidy to their employment the numbers will fall significantly . 
  this is , obviously , numbers for people who came here long ago , when there was still housing available and the numbers were much lower . 
  do you think it will be easier or harder to `` integrate '' last year 's 163k asylum seekers compared to the 16.303 souls that came in 2000 ? 
  source : http://staffandanielsson.blogspot.se/2016/02/rut-rapport-25-av-flyktingar-har.html unfortunately in swedish , but you can find the numbers if you want . 
  staffan danielsson is a member of the center party , which is a proponent of completely open borders , so no extreme right wing nut . 
  he got the numbers from `` riksdagens utredningstj\u00e4nst '' , basically the parliament 's investigation service , they serve all parties in parliament these kind of things on request . 
  so you tell me , how long will a welfare state survive if a rapidly growing group of people are net consumers of tax money even in their productive years ? 
  `` the eu has accepted that sweden is staying outside the eurozone on its own decision . 
  olli rehn , the eu commissioner for economic affairs has said that this is up to swedish people to decide . '', 
  from wikipedia about it . 
  we ca n't join , since we do n't meet the necessary requirements . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf page 152 . 
  i do n't know of any more recent surveys , but i doubt last years refugee crisis has helped . 
  check out http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf page 139 , 141 , 145 , and most importantly 152 . 
  you 'll see denmark does n't have unlimited `` vision for eu '' either , in fact you ( and sweden , finland ) are much more against eu developing into a federation than the uk . 
  you also did n't join the euro , and do you not have an opt-out on some stuff ? 
  the only difference is where the uk and denmark draws the line , and the deal they got now is just cosmetic , no big change at all . 
  i guess i do n't understand what the fuss is about . 
  no , been consistently against membership since before we joined . 
  well you do n't want to call it budget holes , name it investments for the future or something . 
  i 'd guess it 's like in sweden , the yearly budget must account for the expected number of asylum seekers , so the lower the number the less money have to be assigned to it . 
  that way the government does n't have to make further cuts or tax increases , just borrow the missing money by the end of the year . 
   in a speech in germany , the prime minister put national security at the centre of his campaign to keep britain in the eu and vowed to `` unequivocally '' campaign for britain to remain in the bloc if he gets a good deal from brussels . 
  maybe wait until after the eu negotiations are over before you start campaigning for staying in , or you 're compromising your bargaining position . 
  i mean , i get it . 
  you were always going to campaign to stay , but you could at least pretend until the deal was done . 
  standard eurobarometer 83 ( from spring 2015 ) : 72 % of swedes against euro , 25 % in favor . 
  59 % against the creation of an eu army , 39 % in favor . 
  52 % against a common foreign policy , 43 % in favor . 
  67 % against more decisions being taken at eu level . 
  26 % in favor . 
  from eurobarometer 81 : `` the eu should develop further into a federation of nation states '' . 
  the nordics are very against it , sweden taking the lead with a 5:1 against federalization . 
  uk also has a very small portion positive to the idea . 
  they do n't seem to ask about federation in the newer polls , so i used an older one ( spring 2014 ) . 
  in all the above swedes are among the least `` enthusiastic '' about the eu project . 
  and for the elite to push the euro on us when we said no in a referendum and when we are so negative towards it would be political suicide . 
  and there 's the whole thing about the euro not being in the best shape at the moment too . 
  if you want an ever closer union , maybe even to federalize , i suggest you count sweden out from the core . 
  there 's the commission 's own eurobarometer , which is interesting to read . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf there are newer barometers available , google standard eurobarometer and you should be able to find them . 
  this one asks an interesting question though , on page 152 : `` the eu should develop further into a federation of nation states '' . 
  the nordics are very against it , sweden taking the lead with a 5:1 against federalization . 
  uk also has a very small portion positive to the idea . 
  if by `` ever closer union '' you mean something other than a federation , you can start at page 137 . 
  pg 138 : `` common defense and security policy among eu member states '' is very supported by all members , but most negative is again nordics , uk , ireland and austria . 
  pg 139 : `` common foreign policy among the 28 member states of the eu '' also seems to have big support , but again not so much in the nordics , uk or the czech republic . 
  pg 141 : `` a european economic and monetary union with one single currency , the euro '' seems supported by those already with the euro , but very unpopular with sweden , uk , the czech republic and denmark . 
  pg 145 : `` more decisions should be taken at eu level '' . 
  nordics , uk , ireland , austria , czech reb . 
  the netherlands and even germany says no thanks . 
  163k registered asylum seekers .
