  we are way past the point of ghettos . 
  we have plenty of those already . 
  i 'm looking forward to next year 's peak when there wo n't even be room in sports halls or evacuation locations . 
  either they will have to go ahead with the plan to build tent camps for ( tens of ? ), 
  thousands , or forcibly install immigrants in swedish homes . 
  either way , the shit is about to hit the fan in the near future . 
  i would have been in support of helping the southern/eastern nations to protect their borders if it had happened before she noticed trouble for herself and germany . 
  sweden is going towards a crash anyway , i would be quite happy to see germany go down with us . 
  it would be good for all of europe . 
  i think all swedish roads ends in either `` v\u00e4gen '' or `` gatan '' meaning `` the road '' and `` the street '' respectively . 
  and many ( if not most/all towns/cities ) have a kungsgatan and drottninggatan - the king 's street , the queen 's street . 
  or just king 's road , queen 's road . 
   is it mandatory to be elected member of parliament to be asigned minister in your countries ? 
  sadly , no . 
  we currently have at least one minister ( of culture ) that has no political experience before being appointed by the prime minister . 
  if 35 of 349 members declare a vote of no confidence ( against a single minister or the whole government ) parliament can by majority vote directly fire a minister or the government ( if the vote is directed at the p.m. ) . 
  so they are at least accountable that way . 
  not sure how the european parliament works in this regard , but i suspect the ep is as weak in this regard as it is in others . 
  edit : `` according to the rules of procedure of the european parliament , for a vote of no confidence to be successful it has to achieve a double majority : 2/3 of all votes casted , and majority of all meps ( i.e. 
  a minimum of 376 votes ) . '', 
  found the above here : http://www.novinite.com/articles/165060/eu+commission+survives+vote+of+no+confidence+in+parliament, 
   i see that kind of logic as incredibly stupid and destructive but that is what happened in america and probably will happen in sweden . 
  it 's not stupid , given continued immigration on this scale it 's the only sane option . 
  the other being `` doing a greece '' and heavily borrow cash to keep overspending for a decade or maybe two , which will also lead to the downfall of the welfare system but also land us a huge debt . 
  i prefer not to have a huge debt , and if the only way to reduce immigration is to demolish our welfare systems , then so be it . 
  they are n't coming for our nice climate or exotic food . 
  yes of course . 
  if it was a one time kind of thing ( not repeating every year ) . 
  and if those people where spread around evenly . 
  and if those people were assimilated . 
  and if there 's jobs , housing , education available . 
  and if those people did n't bring 2 relatives with them . 
  and if they were as educated ( on average ) , payed as much taxes ( on average ) , did n't use more tax money ( on average ) , did n't cause more crime ( on average ) etc. 
  etc. . . maybe i got my point across . 
  all parties in the swedish parliament agrees there is a limit to how many we can accommodate ( 2 parties want to eventually have free immigration though ) . 
  that number has not been set , and does n't need to be , because it 's by definition higher than the current ( and future ) inflow . 
  i would n't take the german president 's word as any sort of guarantee any kind of action would be taken if things get out of hand . 
  just another politician telling people to calm down , work , pay taxes and worry about something else . 
  could it be that fox news may have one issue where their position is n't wrong/insane/crazy / ignorant/racist/whatever else ? 
  if fox news agrees with evolution or the theory of gravity do you go against it to be consistently anti-fox news ? 
  but germany does n't hand out citizenship within a couple of years with absolutely no requirements . 
   if i were you , i 'd worry more about the swedish democrats . 
  why ? 
  even if they were to win a majority of seats and pull us out of eu nothing much would happen to the rest . 
  we 're small , do n't use the euro , practically no land borders with continental europe and we are already not a nato member . 
  on the other hand , if france leaves the eu ... 
  it does n't bode well for the european federation if trust requires knowing politicians personally ( at least a little bit ) , being from the same region or background , or having similar interest . 
  how about voting for the party or person with the `` best '' policies and if they fuck it up , do n't re-elect them . 
   he votes for the one who he trusts to be the most reasonable , the one he can trust the most to get informed and make an informed decision that is in his interest . 
  this , following --   he ca n't just trust the debates , or the journalists , or some public agency . 
  they all have an agenda and interests . 
  everyone has an agenda and interests . 
  --  this is the problem though . 
  better stop citizens from voting at all . 
  we have that problem in sweden as well ( but in the opposite direction of uk media ) . 
  ultimately , it 's up to us citizens to stop using shitty media and help fund ( or even run ) new ones . 
  but what is the alternative ? 
  no more voting for citizens because we currently have shitty journalists running wild ? 
  but i 'm sure the eu is a non-complex non-changing entity with a pre-written future so there 's no uncertainty going forward and people of today wo n't have to figure it out as they go along . 
  yeah . 
  if only there was some way for people to get information to base their decision on . 
  perhaps you could broadcast lively discussions between politicians from ( in the case of a referendum ) both sides . 
  we could call it : debate . 
  but what if they lie ? 
  hmm ... what if we had people working with finding truth and exposing lies ? 
  they could print it , both on paper and online and have television shows to make sure it reaches out . 
  we could even use tax money and strict regulations to this to make sure it 's widely available and as non-biased as it gets . 
  we can call it : journalism and public service . 
  but what if people still are uninformed ( read : votes the wrong way ) ? 
  yeah , good point . 
  no more referendums . 
  but those only have 2 options . 
  a normal election is way harder . 
  2-10 parties , loads of possible coalitions with uncertain policy compromises depending on the government and parliament make up . 
  even a completely uninformed citizen has a 50 % chance of voting `` right '' in a referendum , if that is n't enough to legitimize referendums then surely we ca n't have normal plebs electing parliaments ? 
   it 's absolutely inconceivable that india would expect free movement of labour - they 're not ( that ) delusional . 
  i thought free movement of labour was a good thing , why would n't we offer them that ? 
  do n't need to know what a law or directive is called , or even what it contains , to prefer `` control our own laws '' . 
  i 'm sure most pro-eu people on here would auto-reject chinese , russian or american domination over laws or directives in eu on principle ( without regard to the name or content of specific laws ) . 
  we do n't hate you . 
  just do n't want to risk our wealth and way of life for the glorious empire . 
   if either of those criteria had applied to the brexit referendum , leave would not have won . 
  then the same criteria should have been used to join the eu , which was at least as big of a constitutional change as leaving is . 
  i 'd argue it 's a bigger decision giving foreign nations direct political influence over the laws in your country than it is to cancel said influence . 
  you just have to call it something other than `` trade negotiations '' . 
  you can meet with us representatives and officially discuss birds or tennis . 
  or just ignore eu rules like several other countries does , completely without penalties . 
  so anti-gay athletes could just form an anti-gay entity and then it 's ok to flag away for the cause ? 
  and anti-gay athletes could wave an anti-gay flag . 
  racist athletes could rock some kind of apartheid flag . 
  i do n't approve of making the games ( even more ) political . 
  you had hopes for a united world within the next 100 years ? 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf page 152 . 
  3 countries are significantly more against the ultimate integration step than the uk . 
  voting in or out of the eu is as simple as it gets . 
  and it 's a general direction . 
  the details will be up to the eu and uk government to sort out . 
  choosing between 2-10 parties with policies on every little issue , taking into account likely coalitions and trying to predict what policies from what parties will actually be implemented , that 's hard . 
  student exchange programs can be setup without the eu ( and i guess we already have plenty of such programs , given all the asians i saw at university . ), 
  love migration we already had before eu , not only within europe but all over the world .
