  we ca n't keep this up . 
  financially , socially , culturally , ecologically or for humanitarian reasons . 
  we 're already dependent on food imports . 
  we have plenty of fresh water , but that wo n't suffice if something happens to the global food production . 
  growing population , global climate change combined with a widespread famine could devastate us . 
  only number ( do n't know the accuracy or how credible that source was ) i 've seen is that we can sustain 10m people , if we use 100 % of our lands to 100 % efficiency , and this number includes the assumption that productivity will increase by a fair bit . 
  tl ; dr : it 's not about financial gains for sweden , it 's not about humanitarianism , it 's not about solving a demographic challenge of an aging population . 
  it 's a political project that has so much ego invested in it that it - combined with a very polarized political climate - makes any real change of direction very hard . 
  which is why the phrase `` we should see this as an investment for the future '' is used to push this issue aside for later . 
   i 'll let you in on a little secret . 
  none of those things are free . 
  for the individual who does n't have to pay anything for it and still get access , sure it is . 
  someone is paying for it though , of course . 
  here is from sweden 's central bureau of statistics ( which i trust a fair bit more than your source ) http://www.scb.se/en_/finding-statistics/statistics-by-subject-area/population/population-composition/population-statistics/aktuell-pong/25795/monthly-statistics--the-whole-country/25896/ as you can see , there 's only preliminary statistics for this year , but all numbers point to a growing population even before migration is considered . 
  17086 persons , by the end of august , if it proves accurate . 
  last year between 1000-3300 more humans was born than died each month . 
  same with 2013 and 2012 ( except for december ) . 
  our population is growing on it 's own . 
  net migration adds to that . 
  then why do n't they stop on the way to sweden ? 
  what 's wrong with greece , italy , austria , denmark , germany , hungary etc ? 
  is it our climate they like ? 
  unlikely . 
  they already know our language so it would be easier to get started here ? 
  no that 's not it either . 
  hmm ... maybe the most generous rules could be inviting ? 
  high % of approved asylum applications , extremely generous family reunification rules , guaranteed citizenship within a couple of years and the general welfare , meaning free schooling , free healthcare , free housing , pensions etc. 
  no that ca n't be it ... 
  except it is n't , even without immigration . 
  we 're not germany or japan . 
   so they are literally going to bankrupt the country to fund this ? 
  it will take many years before we are unable to borrow any more money . 
  but at that point we will be as fucked ( or worse ) as greece is today . 
   do they have a plan of what they will do when no one has any money anymore ? 
  the establishment in sweden are still delusional about this , they think that it will actually be economically * beneficial * in the long run . 
  so they are waiting for the jackpot to fall down on their heads , therefore it is n't a problem to rack up debt now . 
  i know we throw insults of love at each other but that 's below the belt . 
  do n't post that video again , it really embarrasses us . 
   europe clearly does n't give two shits about our plight and they should n't . 
  sweden has been the biggest asshole in creating incentives to , by any means , get into europe . 
  germany get a lot of shit because merkel has a bigger voice , but we have been far worse , for far longer . 
  we are responsible . 
  our politicians wants eu to save us since we apparently ca n't make a single decision on our own anymore . 
  but that just is n't going to happen . 
  in sweden , that 's only a very minor exaggeration . 
  the whole neighborhood is on fire and they are negotiating whether to throw one or two buckets of water on it . 
  whatever they agree upon wo n't be nearly enough . 
   good bye sweden 's welfare system !, 
  it 's gon na have to change even if immigration stopped tomorrow . 
  the damage has been done . 
  a damn shame , it worked well for us for a long time . 
  even if done it 's a temporary measure , and knowing swedish media as soon as a picture of a human being not being allowed entrance to our country they will start another witch hunt . 
  this is assuming border `` controls '' means not giving access to those who have no right to it . 
  it could very well just be some dudes counting vehicles to project a public image of `` control '' . 
  i have very low expectations . 
  worth mentioning is that those numbers are not verified as accurate . 
  the immigrants tells the authority what level of education they have , and that is all this is . 
  even if true , 10 % have 3 years or more on university level , what quality compared to sweden is there ? 
  even if it is high quality , how relevant is it in our society ? 
  different rules/standards etc etc. 
  best case scenario - still terrible . 
  edit : sorry , somehow missed you addressed this in your post . 
  it was of course sarcasm , but no need to apologize . 
  i could have marked it as such to avoid confusion . 
   people need to stop bringing so many children into the world that they have little hope of being able to provide for . 
  what about pensions and welfare ? 
  we need exponential population growth to support those systems !, 
  no , 2000 is about the number who comes and seeks asylum ( no single day has 2000 applications been registered because the migration office does n't keep up ) . 
  those moving towards finland are in addition to these . 
  you should read swedish newspapers daily then , you 'll have the time of your life . 
  swedish politicians , not sweden . 
  and the reason is that they think it is beneficial to sweden and that greece and italy are n't worthy of the walking gold mines landing on their shores . 
  you can never have to many monies !, 
  happy camping everyone !, 
  i really like norway 's flag . 
  do n't tell the damn norwegians i said that though . 
  ramen to that . 
  so thank you hollande , for pushing the uk to lead europe out of another mess . 
   what exactly do you want the eu to back out of ? 
  personally i do n't want an eu at all . 
  plenty of ways to have international agreements and cooperation without a permanent political body to govern it . 
  let 's assume i do n't , is a federation needed for goods to be physically able to cross borders ? 
  and since it is n't a federation yet , is a political union needed to have trade over borders ? 
   i am a welshman living in france who remembers all too well the difficulties of moving freight around europe before the movement of goods became free and the ease with which you can now . 
  a political union that 's moving towards a federation is needed to transport goods across borders ? 
  not a religious person , but god bless farage . 
  wounded pride and guilt for ww2 i guess . 
  the environmentalists ( milj\u00f6partiet ) is the main driver for the current situation , ironically . 
  they will , of course , oppose cutting down trees to heat tents if it comes to that , but if they have to choose between the environment and keep taking in far more immigrants than is sustainable , they will not choose the environment ... 
  yes , it 's really a thing here . 
  in swedish it 's called `` humanit\u00e4r stormakt '' , a term we coined for ourselves . 
  there 's no political room for abstract concepts such as sustainability or energy efficiency in sweden at the moment . 
  it 's all in on `` humanitarian superpowerism '' and multiculturalism . 
  nothing else matters . 
  guess it 's hard for some to notice several gradual changes and adding it up and draw conclusions from the sum of it . 
  and the press conference 28 hours ago , held by our minister of migration and justice and the director general of the migration office , offered no clue to where things are headed ... 
  it 'll be fine , i 'm sure there 's modern tents with heaters we can use . 
  our military have some i guess , we can buy even more . 
  plenty of forests to burn for heat . 
  it 's definitely survivable .
