  is n't that why denmark and uk have certain opt-outs ? 
  anyway , it 's a moot point since they already joined , but maybe we will find out what the eu is willing to do if the uk decides to leave . 
  most of the stuff you listed seems good , but hardly worth all the bad that comes with it , especially when considering it 's not necessary . 
  want free trade with the eu ? 
  try negotiate a trade deal etc. 
  real cherry-picking would have been the optimal choice for any top level nation such as denmark . 
  but at least they had the sense to negotiate some opt-outs . 
  those huge costs that makes our government even consider shutting down the bridge . 
  it never happened . 
  it 's photoshopped !, 
  a damn norwegian posed as a swede to make us look worse than we are !, 
   the debate has been focused more on `` do we trust our politicians with this kind of power '' rather than a `` will removing the opt-out be beneficial to denmark ? '', 
  it pains me deeply to say this , but i 'm envious of you danes . 
  wisely answering the first question with a no . 
  fucking hell , all we got on you now is hockey ... 
  10 million swedes and an additional 10 million norwegians and finns are getting huge costs in large part thanks to that bridge . 
  those 15k commuters are a drop in the ocean ( that could move to the other side of the border and no longer be commuters ) . 
  yeah that 's a really weak point of criticism against the eu . 
  a better point ( edit : `` question '' fits better ) would be why a well functioning country like denmark would join a club of , at least on average , less well-functioning countries where it would have very limited influence due to its population size . 
  at least they had the sense to negotiate some opt-outs . 
  no countries get to cherry-pick . 
  eu and denmark both agreed to the terms currently at play . 
  both got what they wanted , or one of them would have said no thanks to the deal . 
  i do n't see how c will support anything that is more restrictive . 
  they love wide open borders as much as mp does . 
  but interesting times ahead , for sure . 
  m+sd does not have over 50 % alone . 
  they would need the rest of the alliance as well . 
  or get s to agree , m+s have a majority together . 
  it was obvious a year ago that 7 parties wanted to continue taking on unlimited amounts of refugees , and they got 87 % of the vote . 
  that 's a clear mandate to keep doing what they are doing . 
  in sweden no one does any tests on anyone claiming to be a minor ( below 18 years old ) . 
  this lead to some spectacular cases where it is obvious to anyone that the person is well above 17 years old . 
  just the other day there was an article in a big swedish newspaper about ( ironically ) the group unaccompanied minors getting in to sweden is getting younger and younger . 
  a dude was pictured and named and someone found some social media sites where he is 34 years old now , but claiming to be 17 years old . 
  he got here 2 years ago , so he was 32 when he passed as a 15 year old . 
  he looks closer to 40 than 20 , but i guess those profiles could have been faked which is why i do n't link to anything . 
  you can probably find information in english rather easy if you want to . 
   apply for both eu-monetary support as well as for sweden to be considered in the same pool as greece and italy that can send immigrant on to other countries i wonder how many countries will line up to accept relocation refugees from sweden as well as italy and greece ... and what will happen to those refugees sweden pledged to accept from italy and greece ? 
  will they be doubly relocated ? 
  such nonsense . 
   this is substantial ... especially going from `` permanent residencies '' to temporary ones . 
  except for families and unaccompanied minors ( who can be 34 years old ) . 
  and temporary becomes permanent after 3 years . 
  and you can still get family reunification with a temporary permit , etc. 
  it will do nothing . 
   i agree that sweden on the whole has n't been shrinking , but that 's been because of its existing level of immigration , which has been gradually replacing the existing population . 
  we are measuring different things . 
  i 'm counting births over deaths of swedish citizens . 
  that includes children of previous immigrants . 
  http://www.scb.se/en_/finding-statistics/statistics-by-subject-area/population/population-composition/population-statistics/aktuell-pong/25795/monthly-statistics--the-whole-country/25896/ the link shows a population surplus every month for the last 4 years with december 2012 being an exception . 
  of course , we could then subtract those who emigrate to get to a deficit , but i wonder what emigration would look if we spent the money we currently spend on immigration on creating jobs , education , housing etc. 
  for those already here . 
  many nurses leave for norway because the pay and working conditions are better . 
  would they stay if we could get closer ? 
  but yes , if we measure the reproduction rate of ethnic swedes , we are slowly shrinking ( i 'm assuming here that your source is correct ) . 
  again , what would happen if we spent all that money on making sure there 's housing , daycare and jobs available to those already here ? 
  likely more of us would have children . 
  in the sort term , i do n't see this as a problem , because everything else included we are a growing population which is not something i find positive . 
   i do n't agree on this point -- and honestly , i 'm often left a bit nonplussed by european concern over the ability to produce one 's food needs . 
  the us has huge agricultural output , so maybe it 's hard for me to appreciate , but ... europe is wealthy . 
  we are wealthy , but if no one is selling food that wo n't help . 
  of course a very unlikely worst case scenario , but we ( or at least i ) like to be somewhat prepared . 
  and also a little bit considerate to the rest of the world . 
  we may be able to buy food but if there 's a shortage that means someone else will starve . 
  well , i guess that 's already happening to some degree , but not due to shortage . 
   there 's also significant ability to increase food production if need be . 
  i remember an interesting article a while back with a fascinating statistic : the united states alone could , if need be , feed europe without even increasing current production simply by ending all meat consumption ( which is a very-inefficient use of staple grains ) and just eating the grains that would have been used to produce the meat . 
  that 's reassuring , but i do n't like to be completely dependent on someone else . 
  would n't it be great if sweden could actually help our with food supplies if we globally have a shortage ? 
  we do n't have the most fertile soils though , so i 'd settle for not increasing our dependency on food imports , for now . 
  meaning a stable population would be my preference . 
   you mean that sweden does n't need additional immigration beyond that which it is already receiving ? 
  yep , that 's what i mean . 
  i 'm of course open to some immigration of special skills that we are unable to produce ourselves , and someone getting their partner/wife/husband to immigrate , and asylum for specifically targeted persons that would n't be safe even in a refugee camp etc. 
  but immigration on large scale is not to my liking . 
   i agree that it has more to do with a political fig leaf for whatever the actual rationale for the program is ( though i 've no idea whether `` political ego '' is the right reason , as that seems to me to over-simplify the ideas and goals of swedish policy-makers as much as the original statement ) , but the only thing i can do is to take the statement seriously and examine it as best i can . 
  if i feel that the statement is silly and say `` that 's just silly '' , someone can come along and say `` no it 's not ! '', 
  and we do n't get anywhere . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you mean here ( think it 's my english that 's lacking , no critique of your writing ) , but i 'm guessing `` political ego '' is an over-simplification ? 
  if that 's the case , i agree . 
  but in essence , i think politicians in sweden have invested so much political capital in multiculturalism that they ( if they even consider it failed ) do n't know how to turn away without looking foolish . 
  we have a growing population without immigration , we 're not japan or germany . 
  the `` demographic problem '' with an aging population is a false argument , what we have is a resource problem , which is n't solved by allowing more net resource consumers in . 
  we have no need ( and likely never will ) of low-skilled immigration . 
  the `` growing labor force '' is just a made up reason to calm the population . 
  the humanitarian aspect of it all . 
  not even this works as an argument to allow what is happening . 
  we are using a big portion of our foreign aid budget to temporarily fund our reception of immigrants . 
  we are taking money from refugee camps which provides shelter , water , food , basic medical care , schooling for kids etc. 
  and using it on a very expensive experiment which will jeopardize our future ability to even have a foreign aid budget . 
  and what happens when refugee camps are underfunded ? 
  they leave and look for better opportunities elsewhere , completely predictable . 
  the change to swedish society as a whole . 
  despite having among the worlds best integration policies we have terrible integration results . 
  segregation on large scale , not only culturally/socially but also a growing income inequality . 
  we used to be willing to pay huge taxes to keep a very high minimum standard of living for everyone , but what will happen to that when we get less welfare for increasing costs while also feeling less and less like a population and more like several different populations ? 
  it is n't about race , ethnicity , country of origin , skin color or anything like that . 
  it 's about a socially and culturally homogeneous society , but how 's that going to happen with `` white flight '' and school classes ( or entire schools ) with 100 % ( or close to 100 % ) immigrants ? 
  sustainability in general .
