  i ca n't be arsed to check but we have other forms of immigration ( and emigration ) too . 
  i 'd be very surprised if we did n't grow by at least 200k considering all immigration/emigration . 
  2 % population growth in one year , with a housing crisis and notoriously bad integration into the labor force for low-skilled immigrants . 
  good thing we give out citizenships like candy ( spend a couple of years here , fill out a form - done ) , once we are forced to make big cuts in our welfare systems many will move to other eu-nations where they can get jobs . 
  hello norway , thank you for not being denmark . 
  i do n't mind preventative measures , it 's usually ( always ? ), 
  the best way . 
  but for the police to single out individuals based on political grounds is n't a good method . 
  how about putting on a press conference on tv where the police chief informs the entire public that things are on the edge of being deemed possibly illegal with awaiting arrests and charges if things escalate further ? 
  or send out a letter to all households , or write an article for newspapers to publish . 
  it might not be censorship , but it 's not ok either . 
  arrest and charge with a crime , or leave them alone . 
  it 's the election that counts , and the 7 parties in parliament who all were very open with their extreme pro-immigration stance got 87 % of the vote or 300 out of 349 seats . 
  may i ask what that has to do with this post ? 
  i 've tried to understand , do you mean comments in this post are creepy , the act of posting these facts is creepy , or the age of consent being as low as it is in some places is creepy ( and if it 's the last , what does that have to do with the demographics of this sub ) ? 
  he was spawned , not born . 
  it 's not a demographic problem though , it 's a lack of resource-generating people vs. the growing amount of resource-spending people . 
  it can be solved in different ways . 
  more resources generated . 
  this in turn can be accomplished at least two ways . 
  increased productivity , increased number of producers . 
  or combine the two . 
  less resources spent . 
  increased effectiveness or straight up cuts to spending . 
  a combination of both would be optimal . 
  the perfect outcome would be if resource-generating productivity and resource-spending efficiency increases to match the increase in resources needed to provide a decent life for an aging population . 
  sooner or later , population growth to balance these systems wo n't be possible anymore , might as well deal with this now . 
  if it was a demographic problem , it would be solved by immigration of young people , regardless of if they generated or spent resources . 
  maybe things are so bad that a massive increase in productivity and efficiency wo n't be enough for germany , and an increase in young people are needed on top . 
  they still have to be resource-generating or they are making it worse , despite making the `` demographic '' problem seem smaller . 
  it 's a shame that and the ultimate goal of federalization was n't made clear to us before joining . 
  mention the word federation and the nordics all get an allergic reaction worse than the brits . 
  we would never have joined . 
  that ( very `` special '' ) part of our population wo n't just tolerate it , but demand it . 
  information , facts and statistics are dangerous things if not properly ... `` designed '' and presented . 
  there 're probably aliens somewhere . 
  ( about 80 million new humans are born in poor countries every year , we can encourage them to increase that rate once we require more immigrants to keep up with 2 % growth ) . 
  i assume you 're thinking about quotas ? 
  would have been a horrible idea . 
  enforcing eu-regulation would n't help greece or italy , that 's my point . 
  new regulations are needed , or things will keep going as it is . 
  greece and italy ( and any other outer border country that does n't want loads of refugees ) have no interest in getting that kind of `` help '' . 
  almost 165,000 asylum seekers , some of which will be declined . 
  but there 's other forms of immigration too . 
  you are using proper math , i 'm using swedish establishment math . 
  because the `` help '' offered was to help ship to , and process refugees in those countries , which would make it their problem to deal with . 
  they rather let them right through to germany , austria , sweden etc. 
  if eu offered to actually help , i doubt they 'd decline . 
  you fell in the trap , any country that did n't take as many refugees as sweden did last year failed to accept `` their proportional share '' . 
  so you either accept 2 % yearly population growth by immigration or you get expelled from your mini-schengen . 
  oh , and 2 % is the minimum , any country can at any time decide to take more , and make that the new minimum . 
  yeah of course . 
  people should be free to express their opinions on social media ( unless breaking a law , like hate speech etc ) . 
  not at all . 
  just wished our media was professional and consistent . 
  even if there was n't a single instance where immigration resulted in something bad , does n't mean there never will be one . 
  but the last couple of decades of immigration to sweden has n't been good . 
  net financial loss , segregation , ghettos , housing shortage , education levels dropping ( not all because of immigration , but a substantial part is directly linked to it , and other parts indirectly ) etc. 
  we have no need for a cheap workforce ( = low-skilled workers ) . 
  they become expensive unemployed instead . 
  even highly skilled people need to meet certain parameters to be a net positive . 
  what good does it do if a 60 year old doctor moves here , works wonders for 5 years earning good money and paying loads of taxes , then retires and costs a ton more money than payed in taxes for retirement/healthcare/elderly care for the next 25 years ? 
  believing immigration is always good , regardless of circumstances , is about as intellectual as believing it 's always bad , regardless of circumstances . 
  nope . 
  no shortage of pro-immigration either though . 
   thanks mass media . 
  propaganda only works so far . 
  check out sweden 's numbers . 
  those are despite our medias best attempts at scaring us of climate change while telling us that immigration is always beneficial , no matter what . 
  http://www.svd.se/kostnad-for-taltlager-beraknas-till-610-miljoner 4 different tent camps with a total of about 3000 beds is estimated to cost 66,5 m euro just to set up . 
  22000 euro per bed , to sleep in a tent . 
  at least it 's mostly a one time cost , replacing the tents when worn out will be cheap by comparison . 
  do n't know what the cruise ship costs , but considering how desperate sweden is to get somewhere to house people temporary i would be surprised if whomever owns it is n't getting very well paid . 
  this will only affect about 500 people per day , and only to the extent they will have to switch from sj ( swedish railways ) trains to any other mode of public transportation over the bridge . 
  http://www.svd.se/sj-stoppar-tag-till-danmark/om/svenskt-flyktingmottagande in swedish , but the number is in there . 
  yep , and many wealthier nations would like to stay wealthy . 
  and that just the economic aspect of it . 
  and this `` force '' will do what ? 
  stop people from entering eu/schengen ? 
  of course not . 
  it might register migrants in the country of entry , but that will be followed by a permanent eu-wide quota-system , because no way in hell will greece/italy etc be able to absorb all entering . 
  that will lead to unhappy countries and migrants . 
  the migrants will of course not stay put in non-desirable countries , but move to where they want to stay , just like today . 
  to summarize , nothing will change but the eu will have more powers , which is likely the only point of this . 
  thank you for taking the time to write all that . 
  i did n't find anything i would define as anti-democratic though . 
  i think the problem is captured in your first sentence . 
  a fear of what a nationalistic conservative government may do that was n't in the manifest before the election . 
  i would call that healthy skepticism if applied to all politicians of any party . 
  why would nationalistic conservative politicians be less trustworthy than any other group of hypocrites ( read : politicians ) ? 
  far right is not synonymous with anti-democratic as far as i am aware . 
  i will admit i know very little about fn , could you give me an example of their anti-democratic policies ? 
  is n't it the opposite ? 
  in a democracy you get to vote on whatever you want , or not at all if you so choose . 
  they had money before the eu , they were n't economically isolated before the eu . 
  i have no idea what they could have obtained . 
  but lets assume they did n't achieve anything . 
  they were a great country before the eu and i see no reason why they would n't have remained one without it . 
  well , denmark ( or any other nation ) would n't have to accept anything , and a requirement to successful negotiation is being willing to say no if the deal is n't good enough . 
  maybe ( just maybe ) the eu would have changed the demands if signing a trade deal would be beneficial anyway ?
