i wish germany could into v4, 
  these are some aspects of western culture , but they are not exclusive to western culture . 
  the primary reason these people come here is first to flee war and persecution and then for economic reasons . 
  they are not coming to read goethe or because they really want to separate waste or because they love eating pork schnitzel . 
  do n't take the personal experience of an internet stranger as representative of the collective understanding of a whole society . 
  while german education focuses heavily on wwii , of course people know just as much about wwi as anyone else . 
  you forgot the part where both elsass and lothringen were autonomous parts of the holy roman empire until french annexation . 
  while i do n't quite agree with your conclusion , i really appreciate you raising this sensible point . 
  it 's easy for us to sit at our keyboards and judge this guy , yet we can hardly imagine what they must have been through . 
  there are other things most people are complaining about , though . 
  one , ( most important ) how much of the media is twisting this story . 
  it 's suddenly become the hip thing to do to ride the pulling-the-heartstrings train , oh look at this poor guy , look , a dead boy . 
  as if that changed the overall situation . 
  the other is that it 's been somewhat fashionable by refugees to `` display '' their children in order to get better treatment . 
  `` look , here is a baby , now you must be nice to us . '', 
  that 's bullshit , it 's emotional blackmail and we should not be influenced by it . 
  ca n't wait to embrace their culture !, 
  my `` agenda '' is the well-being of the society into which i was born and of which i 'm part . 
  incidence such as the one in op 's title are indeed a kind of culture . 
  i 'm suggesting that there may be some merit in the idea that we shake off the childish na\u00efvite with which we 're approaching the decisions we 're taking in regards to the society we 're trying to build . 
  if i did n't know better i 'd say you had come to this thread to push your own agenda . 
  i was under the impression that this thread was for discussing the effects of foreign cultural influence on western european society . 
  what are * you * discussing here ? 
  not sure what gave you that idea . 
  over . 
  and neither did i say that he 's a refugee . 
  i was using minimalist language to highlight what i believe are the dangers associated with the na\u00efve embrace and indiscriminate approach towards admission to our society that some of my fellow country ( wo ) men seem to have taken towards those coming from foreign cultures . 
  it 's just not as effective when spelled out . 
  `` refugees welcome ! '', 
  `` refugees welcome ! '', 
  ok , i 'll bite ( as one of the ` brownshirt brigade ' ) . 
  these people are scum . 
  they always have been . 
  germany has many neo-nazis , so do many other countries in europe and the world . 
  they were here before the ` refugee ' storm . 
  of course recent developments in german society have given them an excuse to become more vocal and active . 
  of course they lap that shit up . 
  why would they march , who would they attack , if it were n't for ` immigrants ' ? 
  there are regularly confrontations all over germany between neo-nazis and the extremist left ( equally bad in my opinion ) . 
  i 've been caught in the middle of these on many a night out , though i 'm sure there are places in germany much worse than where i 'm from . 
  what do you expect the ` brownshirt brigade ' to say about this ? 
  just because we have dicks here does n't have anything to do with immigration . 
  on the contrary , maybe we should divert funds to improving education , employment , infrastructure , culture programs , etc. 
  which may be the root causes of this phenomenon . 
  one last point ; often when i see articles in the news about refugees , there are links to charitable organisations helping them . 
  the ` refugees welcome ' hipsters find lots of ways to help them . 
  the other extreme is what you see in this video . 
  so i ask you , what about people in the middle . 
  people who are against immigration , but do not want to resort to violence to make their point heard - what options do they have ? 
  i think this is what drives many who were , let 's say , a little unstable / on the brink anyway to join more extremist organisations now . 
  i can imagine that many people see this and think ` at least they 're doing * something * . ', 
  well we did put zanzibar to good use by trading it for helgoland . 
  also i think many could name namibia and cameroon . 
  okay , gotcha . 
  but then how would you envision an alternative system for europe ? 
  surely we do n't want all separate states as it used to be . 
  the way i see it , switzerland and norway are profiting almost as if they were part of the eu , but still get to do pretty much what they want , i.e. 
  all the benefits without any of the obligations ( simplifying , of course ) . 
  if every country started doing that , there would be no community , and no commitment to putting the common interest above your own . 
  we would have no more fish in the north sea , for example . 
  germany 's main news show called tagesschau comes pretty close to just reporting fact . 
  you can check it out , best if you speak a little german . 
  even if not , you will see the presenter is just reading out the things that happened . 
  of course it can not be 100 % unbiased ; already by selecting which topics to present , and the particular information to say about it makes you apply some bias . 
  but you will struggle to find much interpretation or opinion on this show . 
  i think people are opposed to large numbers of people from foreign cultures occupying their home . 
  i do n't think / i hope not many people on / r/europe think we should be assaulting and / or killing individual old men . 
  what are the main reasons you want to abandon your european brothers and sisters ? 
   i guess they just signed their deportation notice . 
  you 'd hope so , but i would n't count on it . 
  i mean , i do n't the legalities of it , but would n't there have to be a trial ? 
  with lawyers and evidence and all that ? 
  no idea how it works , tbh . 
  below is my comment from / r/euromigration on this topic from [ the thread there  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/euromigration/comments/3hpgqw/fl%c3%bcchtlinge_randalieren_in_suhl_germany_20082015/ ) here are 2 articles from german papers with some pictures : [ spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/suhl-krawalle-in-fluechtlingsheim-a-1048941.html ) [ mdr ] ( http://www.mdr.de/thueringen/sued-thueringen/suhl-auseinandersetzungen-fluechtlingsheim100.html ) ( also includes video ) basically 20 guys attacked another guy over ` religious differences ' . 
  they accused him of tearing pages out of the koran . 
  he fled to the security building , the others followed him and trashed the place . 
  when the police arrived they were attacked with rocks so backup had to be called in . 
  10 people were injured , including 3 police officers . 
  7 police cars , one ambulance and 2 private vehicles were damaged . 
  a camera team was attacked with iron bars . 
  it 's the same rhetoric as saying germans fleeing from the advancing russian army means we now have some obligation to accept people coming here from all over the world . 
  strange logic . 
  what 's a `` ukro-bot '' ? 
  i understand this is part of the bailout package , and it 's a free market and all that , but it does strike me as a little ... wrong . 
  should n't we help greeks rebuild their economy ? 
  instead we are letting foreign companies buy up their assets at rock-bottom prices . 
  then you say `` well the greeks could 've offered more '' , but could they ? 
  i 'm not an economist , but i do wonder how a country so reliant on tourism is going to have a sustainable income if they do n't even own their airports anymore . 
  besides that , what message is this sending to greek people ? 
  we will lend you money but you must sell us your house and use the loan to pay for the rent . 
  how about they get processed * before * they enter the country ? 
  we are not responsible for them . 
  according to the article they asked the same 1700 people before and after the referendum a bunch of questions . 
  the people declared themselves whether they followed the referendum `` in the media and private discussions '' . 
  the `` informed '' people in op 's title are those who said they followed the referendum closely . 
  there 's always the swabian sea !, 
   a person gained in one country is a loss in another i wish that were so , but logically it does n't make sense . 
  the birth rate from the country of origin is still the same , is n't it ? 
  meaning that those that emigrated are replaced in no time . 
  in fact , you are preventing those countries from ever reaching population saturation .
