  cpan works pretty well on freebsd . 
  it registers everything you install in the package manager , and does n't seem to have trouble mixing modules installed from ports and cpan . 
  at least , i have n't had much trouble in years . 
  but yes , perlbrew and local : : lib are handy for a development box . 
  amazing . 
  i thought it was just me . 
  best christmas movie ever !, 
  do not do that , it will make you look like a tool . 
  you need a single space after the '' -- '' ( so '' ` -- ` '' ) to make it work as intended . 
  you do n't need that level of branding with one-to-one communications . 
  if we 're talking about marketing email , then maybe you have a case ( although , it depends ) . 
  but for normal email it 's unnecessary . 
  it makes them bigger than they need to be ( a legitimate concern these days with people using phones for email ) , causes security warnings in some clients , and can cause formatting problems when people reply . 
  then you have the problem of clients/servers that strip images , so you have to duplicate that info in text anyway . 
  it 's really not worth it . 
  do n't bother . 
  put the effort into making other stuff look professional instead . 
  i use it as a homepage simply because it 's really fucking fast . 
  sock !, 
  i bought a cheap asus laptop for my girlfriend 's dad for xmas . 
  it was * full * of shite and * excruciatingly * slow . 
  i spent about three hours cleaning the filth out of it ( most of the time spent using trial and error to work out what each of the stupidly-named things were and whether they could be safely removed without breaking anything ) . 
  there were three ( * three * ! ), 
  wifi connection `` manager '' things on there - all of which were utterly unnecessary , and a pile of other crap , much of which i did n't even manage to work out what it was for . 
  fortunately , it got a little faster with every reboot , and once i 'd finished was actually quite nippy . 
  how the fuck they expect a normal person to be able to turn these things into usable machines , i do not know . 
  you got to understand that people that are unnecessarily impressed by stuff like firebug have likely come from the ie6 world where error messages were next to useless and ` alert ` was your best hope for debugging . 
  the other day i re-downloaded an episode of dexter because i could n't be bothered to get up to reboot my fileserver . 
  ever since deposit protection was introduced , renting in the uk is far more straightforward . 
  back in the day it was almost guaranteed that you 'd lose a proportion of your deposit unless you took some rather extreme measures , but that 's not the case these days . 
  your first stop should be the university 's accommodation website ( most of them have one ) which will likely give you a list of agencies and landlords to contact first . 
  the fact they 're listed on the university 's site means they 're unlikely to be too shady , and you have some extra leverage if things go bad . 
  when you 're out looking at places , check the basic stuff . 
  you do n't need to be too diligent ( it 's only temporary , after all ) , but it 's easy to overlook something that might cause you significant trouble later . 
  make sure the heating system exists and looks reasonably modern ( switch it on , if you can ) . 
  check the shower , you 'll be surprised how many student flats skimp on a decent shower . 
  make sure the windows and doors look relatively secure , and check for any significant draughts . 
  do n't forget to have a look around outside , check out the neighbours , etc. 
  pick somewhere you can definitely afford . 
  bear in mind you 'll need to find a deposit up front ( typically 1-2 month 's rent ) . 
  do n't live somewhere you can * only just * afford , make sure there 's some headroom . 
  once you 've found a place , read the contract before signing it ( make sure everything in there seems reasonable ) , and do n't be afraid to ask questions or ask for things to be changed ( make sure you get any agreements in writing ) . 
  they should give you an inventory ( a description of the state of the property and fixtures ) . 
  check it thoroughly . 
  if anything does n't match up ( eg if something 's broken and the inventory does n't say so ) , raise it with the agent . 
  if you have any concerns , take photos ( timestamp them ) . 
  when you move out , the inventory will be the only thing between you and getting your deposit back . 
  if anything listed on the inventory is significantly more worn , dirty or damaged than the inventory describes , you 're likely to lose a proportion of your deposit , so check it carefully . 
  they like to get you on stuff like stains on carpets/walls/furniture , the cleanliness of the oven , etc. 
  but , renting is generally pretty easy , if you stick to university accredited landlords and do n't treat the place like shit , you 'll be fine . 
  [ silverstone ft02b ] ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16811163162&amp;cm_re=ft02b-_-11-163-162-_-product ) ( [ review with pics ] ( http://www.hardwaresecrets.com/article/silverstone-fortress-ft02-case-review/901/1 ) ) . 
  very expensive , but very nice . 
   historically speaking open standards do n't do well as standards . 
  http ? 
  fucking failure , that . 
  smtp ? 
  oh nobody uses that shit . 
  bit torrent ? 
  never heard of it !, 
  [ countries that do n't use the metric system ] ( http://www.joeydevilla.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/map_of_countries_that_dont_use_metric_system.jpg ) . 
  your point ? 
  well , that depends what you mean . 
  the term `` web development '' covers a huge range of things ( from databases to appservers to languages ) , so it 's tricky to pin down what you 're talking about . 
  i suspect you 're trying to say that there are lots of different development stacks for web stuff , and that there is n't one thing that everyone uses . 
  this is true , ms have their . net system , oracle has the competing java , and there are many open source languages to do the same thing ( like the wildly popular open source lamp stack which eclipses pretty much everything else in terms of adoption ) . 
  but you seem to be suggesting it 's a bad thing that there are lots of different ways to do web development , a point that i 'd disagree with . 
  i have no idea what you mean by `` software development standard '' , it 's not a phrase that makes much sense in the context of html . 
  regardless of the confusing wording , let 's assume you 're talking about html . 
  html 4.01 has been around for over 10 years , works pretty consistently everywhere . 
  but i assume what you 're referring to is the browser js and css incompatibility problems we 've suffered over the years . 
  those problems can mostly be traced back to the two big `` browser wars '' , nn4 vs ie4/5 and ie6 vs modern browsers . 
  in both cases , * all * the problems were caused by companies ( okay , microsoft ) attempting to add proprietary stuff to the standard to lock people into their platform . 
  so i 'd argue the problem is * closed * standards , not open ones . 
  i thought managing ~ 37mph before losing my bottle was vaguely impressive . 
  you guys are all nutters . 
  i still do n't really understand what you 're trying to say . 
  modern browsers ( that is , not ie ) all support html4 .01 very well , there are likely to be one or two inconsistencies , but these are often in places where the spec is unclear or ambiguous . 
  in fact there are deliberate gaps and ambiguities in the spec , as not all platforms are capable of displaying everything in exactly the same way , so some of the finer details have to be left up to the implementer . 
  i guess you 're still hung up on the old incompatibility problems caused by older browsers ( and ie in particular ) . 
  there 's not really much i can say about that - those were all a result of a company attempting to extend a specification for their own purposes . 
  not something you can blame an open standard for . 
  mini-itx boards usually have to make a few compromises ( either reduced performance , fewer features or increased cost ) to squish everything in . 
  but even if you 're willing to live with that , there 's a distinct lack of decent mini-itx cases out there ( and those that do exist tend to be pricey ) . 
  of course , you could sling a mini-itx board into an atx or matx case , but that 's hardly the point . 
  also worth bearing in mind that modern gfx cards are longer than mini-itx boards ( my new gtx 570 for example is ~ 10 '' , about the same width as an atx motherboard ) . 
  and even if you can find a case/gfx card that takes advantage of the small size , you 're going to have trouble cooling it properly . 
  matx on the other hand is a bit more sensible ( since it 's essentially atx minus some slots ) and tends to require less intricate design to get everything in . 
  you might lose one or two less-important features on an matx version of a board ( fewer sata ports , maybe ) , but otherwise they 're usually pretty close to their atx brethren . 
  but then there are n't many decent matx cases out there . 
  a few , certainly , but nowhere near the selection of atx cases . 
  that 's not to say i have a problem with mini-itx boards , i really like them ( my fileserver and media box are both atom-based mini-itx ) , but i just do n't see them being practical for a day-to-day desktop or gaming box . 
  aye not saying it 's not possible , just that it 's hard work . 
  notice the case used there was designed for mini-dtx boards ( which have two expansion slots vs mini-itx 's one ) , and it * still * required significant modding to squish everything in . 
  so yes , it 's definitely possible , but having to modify the case and make 3d renderings of the proposed system before building to ensure everything will fit means it 's a bit more of a project than throwing an matx board into a case . 
  you sound unsure , and they 're probably playing on that to try to avoid paying out . 
  stick to your story ( you * gave way * , it 's the other driver that was in the wrong . 
  you even have some witnesses ) , and push it , hard . 
  they 're just trying to get out of paying . 
  that 's not quite right . 
  the horrible-looking `` value '' packaging is deliberate , but it 's not there to make things look like a better deal .
