  try [ frutiger ] ( http://new.myfonts.com/fonts/adobe/frutiger/ ) if you want a font with a similar look for printing . 
  yeahman i 've been using profont for all my text editors , terminal emulators and pretty-much-anything where a fixed-width font makes sense . 
  say `` i do n't know why , and it 's not your fault , but i feel weird about going down on you . 
  which is stupid because i really want to , i 've just left it so long that it 's become a thing . '' . 
  or something . 
  if she has any kind of sense she 'll talk you through it ( most men have no fucking clue until they 've been explicitly taught how by a girl who is n't scared to discuss it ) . 
  and you 'll have excellent sex . 
  get to it . 
  er , itym text-decoration : underline ;, 
  er , i watch zp because it makes me laugh . 
  the actual ` review ' content in the video boils down to `` it 's pretty much the same as the last one '' . 
  if you 're seriously using yahtzee as your primary source of information about new games then you 're going to spend the next 5 years playing portal and psychonauts over and over . . 
  alcohol and weed in combination definitely hit harder than either alone . 
  consuming both at the same time is n't so bad , as you can easily control your intake ( as long as you 're not drinking large quantities of spirits , or maybe eating the weed ) . 
  however , drinking then smoking afterwards will likely fuck you up way more than you might expect , 
  i 'm not :'(, 
  quadruple half-goatse ? 
  not much !, 
  i 've never been able to come up with an accurate means to measure that stuff . 
  i can tell you that a ) eating seems to be more effective and b ) due mostly to the amount of time it takes to come up , it 's next to impossible to control your dosage sensibly . 
  i tend to smoke some , work out roughly how much i need to feel an initial high ( so like , a small bowl 's worth or whatever ) , then put between a 1/4 -1 / 2 if that amount into whatever i 'm making . 
  eg , for normal weed ( that which gives you a subtle high after a single bowl ) i 'd use 2.5-5x that amount to make 10 cookies . 
  eat one , then wait . 
  at least an hour , preferably two , to see how hard it hits . 
  if you want more the , go for it , but be careful . 
  remember it takes a lot longer to hit you if you eat it , and a lot longer to recover if you have too much . 
  start small !, 
  it 's extremely easy to overdo it and pull a whitey when eating pot !, 
  do you want to eat weed because you 're scared/unwilling to smoke it ? 
  it 's not really the best introduction to the wonderful world of our frosty green friend . 
  smoking is extremely convenient as it provides a very quick means of getting the thc into your bloodstream . 
  you get immediate feedback on the amount you 've ingested and how it will affect you extremely rapidly , making controlling your dose very simple indeed . 
  this is not the case if you eat it , you 'll feel the high start very slowly and subtly , and it 's hard to tell when it 's reached its peak . 
  this makes it extremely easy to take too much too quickly . 
  that said , you wo n't do yourself any lasting damage if you do ingest too much . 
  absolute worst case you 'll feel nauseous and ( some people say they experience mild hallucinations ) , maybe throw up , then likely fall asleep . 
  if you 're adverse to smoking , it might be worth considering a vaporiser . 
  although you 're still inhaling the vapour , it is far purer than smoking . 
  always apply for jobs . 
  even if you do n't think you 'll get them , keep applying and do n't stop . 
  do n't get into the rut of thinking you 're not good enough or you 'll be in exactly the same position in a year . 
  the simple fact that you 're learning more stuff and even know what these modern languages are means you 're way ahead of 80 % of the 9-to-5 programmers out there . 
  they never read programming news/blogs/etc , do n't care about learning new stuff . 
  you 'd be stunned if you knew how many people there are out there that were taught java in college and have barely looked at anything else or learnt anything new since then . 
  also , do n't underestimate the value of experience with outdated systems like foxpro . 
  there are still many , many companies out there with crusty old legacy systems that they ca n't afford or are unwilling to replace - you can earn good ( sometimes very good ) money if you know these old things well and are patient enough to wait for the right job to come up . 
  but , do n't let me stop you from learning new things . 
  pick a language or two and get going !, 
  javascript and ruby are excellent choices as they 're both extremely quick to learn and get going with . 
  make sure you actually pick a project and do something constructive though , it 's very easy to tinker about and not actually gt anything done ( and you 'll learn much faster if you have a project ) . 
  see if you can contribute to open source projects , particularly stuff that you would use yourself ( you 'll be far more productive that way ) . 
  plus having a bit of open source code on your resume looks pretty good , 
  good luck , man , 
  javascript is probably a good bet if you have web experience , but you 're likely to need some graphic design ability for that . 
  however , although the language is easy , getting stuff to work in subtly-different apis/rendering engines ( ie , i 'm looking at you ) is far from trivial ( and one of those things best learnt by experience rather than reading books ) . 
  so if you do n't have much web design experience it 's probably not the best choice . 
  it 's easy to learn , most people have at least a bit of experience with it already , and there 's always demand . 
  although i should point out that in my post elsewhere , i was referring to javascript specifically ( as demand for people who vaguely know what they 're doing with that is pretty high at the moment ) , rather than a bog-standard php + mysql webmonkey . 
  i 've had this conversation many times with many people . 
  i firmly believe that as long as you 're not completely turned off by cop-related stories , and you do n't require an explosion or tit-shot every 30 seconds to keep your attention , then you will love the wire if you give it a chance . 
  this idea comes up every year or so , and very rarely goes anywhere . 
  it 's been possible since like ie4 , probably ns4 if you could be bothered to mess around with layers so it 's not really a new idea ( if your implementation goes the same way , then sooner or later you 'll think about putting iframes in each box ), 
  i 've seen half a dozen of these ( and even had a crack at one myself ) , but have n't ever seen them put to any sensible use . 
  the problem is that , as a user interface , it really is n't very useful . 
  why bother trying to emulate a crufty old window-based interface for whatever you 're trying to do when you can design something a lot better suited to the task ? 
  try mint raita - it 's extremely good :, 
  anyone tried to maintain code produced by someone who was taught java in college and has n't learnt anything new since ? 
  bothers me more that the textarea font is monospace and the display font is proportional . . 
  downvoted too ? 
  that 's just twisting the knife , man . 
  that 's the most fun i 've had all day . 
  that 's slightly depressing , is n't it ? 
  it sure as fuck will now it 's been reported on , 
  well , that 's depressing !, 
  worse , that 's msword . 
  frontpage actually knocks out ( comparatively ) reasonable html . 
  blues are a bit easier to use , silvers curl up a bit too much for me . 
  this was 1974 , dude . 
  `` soft '' , kings of leon . 
  in fact i had never really bothered listening to the lyrics until i found myself in a position where i was fucking while it was playing . 
  the chorus is something like :, 
  i 'm passed out in your garden, 
  i 'm in i ca n't get off , soft, 
  i 'd pop myself in your body, 
  i 'd come all over your party , but i 'm soft, 
  make of that what you will , 
  well , this idiot is still stealing content . 
  that article is heavily `` based on '' this :, 
  although the dude has added some text , it 's fucking horribly written . 
  jest : do you have anything to say ? 
  given that this dude is a content-thieving arsehole , i wonder why his site is using this : http://www.tynt.com/, 
  wait , what ? 
  your comment karma is -28 , his is 1 . 
  another one : http://www.reddit.com/r/design/comments/89dvr/indications_that_you_are_charging_way_too_little/, 
  wrooooooong . 
  copyright is automatic . 
  if the content is n't provided with a license , then you can not legally do much with it . 
  under fair use you can make a copy for your own use , you can quote small parts of it for criticism or satire , but that 's about it . 
  you absolutely can not make a copy , change the wording ( badly ) , stick it on your site and then claim it as your own . 
  btw , those copyright notices are useless , copyright is implied anyway , but people feel the need to sling them on there anyway .
