so stop . 
  i 'm sure you all know this only too well , but cannabis is not at all addictive . 
  you can cold turkey without any problems ( i 've done it ) . 
  it does feel a bit odd , but stick with it . 
  give it a month or so , then , if you feel you want to , go get stoned again - it 'll be the best high you 've had for two years ( i 've done that too , trust me , it 's great  ), 
  cannabis ( as with the majority of recreational drugs ) are far more effective and have significantly fewer negative side-effects ( and they all have them ) if they 're used in moderation . 
  i do n't mean you should n't get hugely mashed , but doing so every day will only serve to lessen the positive effects and amplify the negative . 
  besides , the only reason to do it is if it 's fun . 
  otherwise you 're just wasting your money and your life because smoking weed has become habit . 
  i went to the pool high a couple of days ago . 
  the bike ride there was pretty hairy , but i once was in the pool i really got into the ` zen ' of it . 
  very tranquil and relaxing , even doing lengths with the early-morning before-work public pool crowd . 
  try it , it 's fun , 
  steam is excellent . 
  back when hl2 was released , i was living away from home for the first time ( spending cash i did n't really have on broadband  ) . 
  i was lonely , unhappy , had just had some bad news , pissed off with my crap job and too poor to do very much . 
  plus it was raining . 
  i 'd just struggled through hl2 at ~ 15fps on my shitty machine , and was bored and fiddling around with steam . 
  i noticed you could activate other products on it using only the serial number , so i called up my dad , got him to email me the serial number from the old hl1 box i had in the big pile of old abandoned games i left there . 
  steam acknowledged the serial number , and offered me hl1 , opposing force , blue shift , counterstrike , and various other things to download and play immediately . 
  cheered me up no end , i spent the rest of the afternoon happily playing some oldschool games . 
  i ended up getting back in touch with some old friends after ( entirely randomly ) running into one of them on a counterstrike server , and later that night ended up in a pub with some people i had n't seen in years . 
  it seems like a small thing , but valve , and steam really saved my sanity that day . 
  thanks valve , 
  `` utilize '' . 
  how the fuck does that word serve any purpose other than being an overly-elaborate way for self-important idiots to say `` use '' ? 
  die in fires you worthless , unimaginative cunts . 
  the one that gets me is ` aluminium ' pronounced as ` aluminum ', 
  . . you being too lazy to type ` one ' . 
  that 's one of the most inane things i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  generally speaking , it does n't . 
  most companies out there that are doing email marketing are using a 3rd party provider . 
  depending on how their setup works , it can sometimes take a few hours or a few days before an unsubscribe request is picked up . 
  there are even companies that do it all manually . 
  the unsubscribe requests are recorded , dumped into an excel file ( or something equally stupid ) and emailed ( or something equally disrespectful of your privacy ) to the 3rd party . 
  but , for the most part , the ` up to x days ' disclaimer is generally there as an ass-covering measure , nothing more . 
  this is true . 
  if you get a legitimate marketing email from an actual company , then chances are the unsubscribe request will be honoured . 
  so do n't fear clicking on them . 
  unfortunately , many marketing departments see an unsubscribe request as a negative thing , and take any excuse they can to ignore it . 
  for example they might say `` oh , that was an unsubscribe relating to this product , not all our emails . 
  we 'll just not send them anything about that again '', 
  but do n't let that put you off unsubscribing . 
  the majority understand that emailing people who do n't want your emails is only going to hurt in the long run . 
  unsubscribes in blatant spam are another matter . 
  they have , in the past , and probably still a little now , been used to verify addresses rather than remove you from their list . 
  however , these days , with isps quick to pull spammy hosts , most of them do n't bother even collecting bounce messages . 
  they just pump out as much as they can from their botnets regardless . 
  i have a similar setup , but i do n't find it 's much of an advantage . 
  most of the spam i get is to accounts i have never even used , so opening up your entire domain to accept all email is probably going to end you up with way more . 
  i assume we 're talking about 350mb xvid ` scene ' rips here . 
  a dvd will always look better than those rips . 
  hdtv is a higher quality source than dvd . 
  so if we 're talking about rips , for the same size files , rips with an hdtv source will look noticeably better than rips with a dvd source . 
  of course , with hdtv rips you have to put up with the network 's overlays . 
  if you can get them , what you want are x264 rips in 720p or 1080p . 
  but those will weigh in at 1.2 gb per episode ( for 720p ) , and take a fair bit of hardware to play them . 
  when video is ripped using a modern codec , further compressing the files is very unlikely to yield any further space saving . 
  so 7z being better than rar in this case does n't matter at all . 
  the rar format is only being used in order to split the large video file into more manageable chunks . 
  use the iwf 's `` report kiddiepr0n '' service ( http://www.iwf.org.uk/reporting.htm ) to report this link :, 
  they 've blocked wikipedia , they need to block google too , 
  the problem with that is aol are stupid , reactionary fuckwits who are more likely to just remove that stuff without asking questions . 
  google are reasonably sensible to not just panic and start nuking stuff immediately , and they 're ubiquitous enough that it 'll cause a * huge * stink . 
  you have a black flag tat ? 
  excellent . 
  regardless of whether you fit that rather specific definition of `` cyber squatters '' or not , you 're still the reason that : a ) pretty much every half-decent domain is taken and b ) most of them are nothing but spammy holding pages . 
  yeahman unfortunately codeine is n't that interesting . 
  if you take a bit you 'll feel chilled out , warm and calm . 
  if you take more you 'll feel sleepy . 
  if you take lots you risk some of the side-effects ( the one i experienced was all-over itching . 
  not fun . ), 
  there are better opiates , 
  that upvote was for mogwai btw , 
  you 'll also require a stained duffel coat and a thermos flask full of weak lemon drink . 
  the hidden costs certainly add up . 
  haha , yes indeed . 
  although i did n't really expect anyone to get it . 
  simon quinlank was a recurring character on the sketch show ` fist of fun ' ( as you correctly pointed out ) who regularly introduced slightly ridiculous hobbies ( he was , in fact , the `` king of hobbies '' ) . 
  a `` flask of weak lemon drink '' was always cited as one of the items required to participate . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=a1xjcyyudm0 ) is a good one . 
  i think ` rescued ' is a far more suitable term than ` stole ' , in that situation . 
  when people shout `` fucking blog spam '' , it 's because something ( typically a video ) is posted on a page with zero original content . 
  `` lol cool vid ! '', 
  and a fuckload of random flashing ads would not have helped anyone in this situation . 
  he wrote the [ `` double goatse '' ] ( http://joeclark.org/book/ ) ( sfw ) book, 
  that 's because you 're thinking about ` tracks ' . 
  if i like a tune or two by a particular band , i 'll often download ( edit : or buy , if they 're on an indie label ) at least a couple of albums , if not their entire discography . 
  then there 's stuff like live albums and obscure stuff for bands i really like . 
  that could easily weigh in at 500mb-1gb per band . 
  personally i find it rather depressing that the done thing these days is to just get the ` hit ' track you heard on the radio/whatever and ignore the rest of the band 's history . 
  some of my favourite tunes are b-sides , or obscure tracks from early albums . 
  edit : about 120gb , btw ( mostly mp3 , but about 20gb of flac ), 
  i find my tastes change over time . 
  i 'll download an album or two because i like some of the songs on it . 
  but after a few months of it being in my playlist i often find that the tracks i liked originally are n't the tracks i like now . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that many bands see an album as a work of art in itself , not just a bunch of songs . 
  so i think it 's important to listen to the music in the context it was intended . 
  that does n't mean i have a problem with mixes and stuff ( that 's just someone else 's context  ) , but i do think it 's important to at least experience the album as it was meant to be . 
  is this post just an elaborate setup for a ` yo dawg ' ?
