  i do n't usually do `` this '' or `` me too ! '', 
  posts , as they 're really not necessary on reddit . 
  however , in case it helps change your mind . . 
  this person is correct . 
  tell your parents . 
  hang on a sec . 
  ruby and perl differ in their approaches , certainly . 
  in ruby everything is an object , in perl this is not the case . 
  however , perl is perfectly usable for writing oo code out of the box . 
  there are certainly libraries that implement stuff in different ways and add special sauce , but you 're not required to use any of them unless you want special features . 
  i 'm curious . 
  what property do you think perl needs to have that it currently does n't before it could be granted the fabled `` object oriented '' label ? 
  tell the manager what 's going on , and your suspicions . 
  cold though it is to say it , it is n't your problem . 
  this is why i build colour pickers like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lib2k.png ) , if i have to . 
  you can arrange things such that clicking on any coloured part of the interface ( either the hue/saturation panel or brightness bar ) will pick the exact colour you clicked on . 
  downside is that the colour you want may not be available in a single click ( if black or white is selected , the h/s panel will be solid black or white ) . 
  but people seem to grasp this one better than most . 
  yeah putting your own money in is a tricky one . 
  if it had got bad enough for you to have to do that , then that was probably the time to say something . 
  you seem to have three choices :, 
  tell your manager now, 
  catch the person doing it , then approach your manager, 
  wait until the manager notices himself, 
  the first is what i 'd recommend . 
  i understand that you 're apprehensive , but as far as i can see that 's really your only choice . 
  catching the thief seems like a risky decision . 
  you have no idea if it 'll be possible , and even if you * do * manage it , it 'll turn into a `` he said , she said '' argument . 
  even if you get through that , you 'll look bad for keeping it quiet in the first place . 
  if you wait , then you 'll probably be chief suspect ( you * should * have noticed this by now , right ? ) . 
  i really do n't see any reason not to tell your manager about this . 
  i ca n't see a situation where he/she would n't want to know about employee theft . 
  at the very least , if you report it yourself , you 're less likely to be suspected of this yourself . 
  apparently bill murray does n't count as a person . 
  i 've always understood it as `` cast iron gives even heat '' . 
  that is , it 'll heat slowly and steadily and cool slowly and steadily . 
  advantage being that if you dump food into it without altering the heat from the hob , the temperature of the pan is n't going to change much . 
  unlike other cookware , which 'll often immediately lose all its heat , and then slowly heat back up again as the food warms . 
  so you crank the heat up , the food heats faster and ( eventually ) ends up way hotter than the pan was to start with , and you 've ruined christmas . 
  do n't let it put you off man . 
  most open source projects welcome assistance of any kind with open arms . 
  while people are likely pull no punches with * constructive * criticism , they 'll generally keep the snark to a minimum . 
  if you 're willing to put some time and effort into helping a project , then you 'll usually find people willing to put time and effort into helping you get it right . 
  it can be an excellent learning experience . 
  ah a fellow larger two-wheeled gent !, 
  firstly , you 'll be fine . 
  i weigh about the same as you ( a bit less , but not by much !, 
  ) , have been cycling for a while now and it 's become my primary form of transport . 
  i love it . 
  despite being an unfit fat bastard , i can give most people a run for their money . 
  some advice :, 
  * you 're gon na break shit . 
  most mid-range components will stand up to abuse , but the cheap stuff really wo n't . 
  you do n't need to spend tons , but do n't get bottom-of-the-range stuff or it 'll just break . 
  * the bike you selected looks a little like a cheap big-box-supermarket bike . 
  i 'd advise going for something a * little * better or you 'll probably have reliability problems . 
  many of the big brand names do lower-end bikes that have the same ( or at least similar ) frames as mid-range models . 
  those are probably a better place to start . 
  although if you have the money i really would recommend looking at something $ 300 + , purely because you 're out of the bottom-end-components end of the scale then . 
  * get yourself some good solid pedals . 
  i like [ this style ] ( http://www.coloredtuffs.com/shop/images/uploads/new_items_ctdotcom_078.jpg ) which can be had cheaply . 
  plastic ones will bend and become uncomfortable , and [ this style ] ( http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/418x5zpnerl._sl500_aa280_.jpg ) will likely hurt your feet , and you 'll probably bend them out of shape eventually . 
  unfortunately most new bikes come with one of the latter styles . 
  * if you 're riding on the roads , a hybrid with 700c tyres will be fine . 
  an mtb would work too ( get some slick tyres for it ) . 
  road bikes . . 
  probably not . 
  * suspension is kinda pointless for the larger gentleman , as you 'll either immediately bottom it out , or you 'll have to tighten it up so much it 'll barely work at all . 
  do n't bother with it unless you expect to be riding down a mountain or something ( in which case you 'll have to drop some coin to get a decent setup ) . 
  that goes for stuff like suspension seatposts , too . 
  * learn to use your gears . 
  this of course goes for everyone , but more so for you and i. 
  we can put a lot more force into the drivetrain than most people , which can really fuck a bike up . 
  use your gears properly , start out in a low gear and change up before your cadence becomes too fast to be comfortable . 
  remember to change down before you stop . 
  you 'll go further and get less tired if you put gentle , constant pressure on the pedals and use your gears to build up speed while keeping a relatively steady cadence . 
  i only mention this because i see a lot of people riding in very high gears , having to stand up and pull on the handlebars to pull away . 
  if i do that too often , i 'm gon na break a chain . 
  * if you break more than one or two spokes , consider having the wheel rebuilt with stronger spokes . 
  i broke loads of the damn things , and ended up having the lbs rebuild the rear wheel with tandem spokes . 
  while admittedly kinda embarrassing , it was n't particularly expensive , and it 's completely solved the spoke-breakage problem . 
  * keep it maintained . 
  as mentioned , your drivetrain will be under higher-than-normal load , so you do risk breaking bits . 
  keeping everything maintained and well-lubricated will help prevent that , and might mean you notice a problem before you 're stranded 20 miles away from home . 
  good luck man , 
  ctrl + f , scorchio . 
  upvote for you , my old school friend . 
  ( [ for everyone else ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctaszjeadk0#t=2m44s ) ), 
  or wait until you need a new chain and get an sram chain ( they put them on all their chains , afaik ) . 
  but , yes , without something like that you need a chain tool to literally break the chain . 
  looks like you did a pretty good job to be honest man . 
  only thing i 'd have really changed is taking the chain off completely , sticking it in a container with degreaser and giving it a good shake . 
  scrubbing just seems to cover everything in nasty black spots , and i 'm suspicious that it 's not doing that good a job on the inside of the chain ( where it actually matters ) . 
  i do n't know why you feel the need for a chain holderingy device , it 's never bothered me . 
  if the bike is upside-down it 's not really very hard , all you got ta do is pull on the wheel and then unhook the bottom run of chain which will inevitably get caught on the cassette . 
  installation is the reverse ( it looks like it 'll be a pain to do , but it 's really not , just hold the bottom run of chain away and get the wheel in the right area , then push . 
  it 'll sort itself out ) . 
  three basic reasons :, 
  * it 's thoughtfully designed and looks nice, 
  * everything works without any fucking around,
