  look at captchas , for example . 
  some of them are a royal pain in the arse to crack , but because they 're so ubiquitous , people have come up with methods to do so \\* . 
  so now there are fully automated systems out there that are capable of getting past captchas . 
  so , if you use a ( more ) secure , popular method , it 's more effort to set up , more onerous for users trying to send you email , and is going to get broken eventually anyway , because lots of other , juicier targets are also using it . 
  using an `` obscure '' method , even one that 's easily-circumvented , is actually * far * less likely to be exploited . 
  \\* a method for breaking captchas you probably know about , but is amusing nonetheless : take a copy of the captcha image , serve it to some random person on a nasty porn/wares/whatever site you also run , let * them * answer it , and feed the answer back to whatever you 're trying to get at . 
  you get a damn lawyer . 
  until then , keep your mouth * shut * . 
   ` do not take your wife 's sister as a rival wife and have sexual relations with her ** while your wife is living . 
  silly jesus , you ca n't ever give a guy that window . 
  that 's pretty fucking swish . 
  i wonder what it 'll break . 
  autotrader is pretty much just classified ads . 
  craigslist/ebay for second-hand cars , if you will . 
  second-hand cars bought there tend to be significantly cheaper than from dealers ( but more than they 'd get by selling a car to a dealer ) . 
  so you need to take the same precautions you would when buying anything second hand from a potentially untrustworthy source . 
  go and look at the thing , see for yourself if it 's worth the money . 
  if you do n't have the skill to assess that for yourself , then you 're probably ( slightly ) better off paying more and going with a more trustworthy dealer . 
  as to why the cars you 're looking at are so cheap , well , probably because they 've been ragged by 17-year-olds their entire lives , 
  yeah that 's a decent suggestion . 
  i know , it 's unfair . 
  but i really just do n't like microsoft very much . 
  and bing is yet another example of them being late to the party , and then stealing everyone else 's ideas . 
  plus , if bing ever * did * become as popular as google is , you * know * they 'd just fill it full of ads and fail to maintain it properly . 
  just like they did with internet explorer , their im client ( whatever it 's called these days ) , hotmail , and no doubt several other things . 
  ( do you remember what hotmail was like before gmail came along ? 
  80 % of the ui was ads , 2mb storage space unless you paid , and you lost your account if you did n't log in once a month ) . 
  google , for all their faults , at least continue to invest in their stuff when they do n't really have to . 
  i know that 's a rather petty-minded opinion to have , but i do n't care . 
  i 'm not going to look down on anyone for using bing ( or any ms product , for that matter ) . 
  but i do reserve the right to quietly hope they fail . 
  it 's an excellent tracker with a great community , a huge library of perfectly ripped and packaged albums , all beautifully organised and categorised . 
  and it 's that way primarily * because * of the exclusivity . 
  it 's not even * that * exclusive , all they ask is you take a little bit of time and prove you 're not a complete fuckwit . 
  but if you 'd rather wade through piles of crap to find what you 're looking for ( and then have a 50/50 chance of getting 80mb of bad pr0n instead ) , you go right ahead . 
  sometimes you can disabled on-board graphics in the bios , but it 's usually expected that you 'll be providing your own via a pcie slot , or whatever , so i 'm not sure it 'd work with nothing . 
  but it 's worth a shot if your bios supports it . 
  i recently went on a bit of a mission to lower my power usage due to random computers . 
  having had a rather power-hungry ex-desktop as a server for a while and another random cast-off machine grinding away as a webserver , i replaced them with a tiny little box i built with a mini-itx board . 
  it 's a 900mhz via epia , with 4x1 .5 tb sata drives . 
  which is fine for a home fileserver ( as long as you do n't expect it to do on-the-fly transcoding or something ) . 
  it can even handle downloading and extracting , although it takes longer for the poor little cpu to extract than it does to download , 
  power usage weighs in at a shade over 50watts when under load , and down to about 40 when it 's not . 
  which i can live with . 
  my doctor has already offered it ( i have mild asthma , it seems that justifies special treatment ) , and i turned it down out of a combination of laziness and a general dislike for being stabbed with bits of metal . 
  no dude , real men do this :, 
  * walk into barbers, 
  * sit down, 
  * say `` 2 , side and back , please '', 
  * \\* barber nods \\*, 
  * \\* you try not to notice he 's resting his testicles on your shoulder \\*, 
  * done . 
  then afterwards you can go and chop down trees with your penis or something . 
  well the way it works out is that they just use the `` number 2 '' clipper guard when they 're doing the sides and the back , which only means the shortest they can possibly cut it is 6mm ( or whatever it is ) . 
  in practice , your hair ends up a bit longer than that , because they only cut it as close as the clippers will go in a few places . 
  the `` 2 side and back '' request is a useful barber shop shortcut , as from that they can work out how much to trim down the rest of it , so is usually good enough on its own . 
  and thus more manly . 
  wait , what ? 
   not everyone who works at these places is evil . 
  no , but everyone , evil or otherwise , is still getting paid . 
  we 're talking about bonuses here . 
  you remember those ? 
  they 're the things the majority of the rest of the country has n't seen for the last year or so because the banks fucked up . 
  now all the banks have had massive investment , but they 're no longer doing any significant lending at reasonable rates ( which is what we need them to do ) because they think it 's too much of a risk for all the free money they 've got ... 
  but they * are * still paying massive bonuses , and it 's understandably pissed people off a fair bit . 
  personally i agree that this is a political move , and not really helping ( although i 'm sure it 'll appease a lot of people ) . 
  what the government should have done is fucking * demanded * banks start lending reasonably again . 
  i mean , we ( ie , the government ) * did * buy a controlling share . 
  stack overflow has title text ( ie , hover your mouse over it for a second ) that contains a full iso timestamp . 
  `` 2 minutes ago '' , `` 1 day ago '' , etc is usually plenty good enough , and is actually more helpful than a full timestamp in many cases , particularly when dates are answering the question `` how long ago did this happen ? 
  '' , which has to be the most common case . 
  if you have a full timestamp , then you 've got to look at the current time ( and sometimes date , although that might just be me  ) and do a bit of mental maths to calculate the difference . 
  sometimes you even have to wrestle with timezones . 
  `` 56 minutes ago '' ( which is when reddit says your post was made ) is far more useful to me than `` 2009/12/10 12:37:00 utc '' . 
  incidentally , i 'm in the process of working out how best to display dates in an app i 'm building . 
  if anyone has any good suggestions i 'd be interested in hearing them . 
  the best solution seems to be to use something similar to what stackoverflow does , that is , have a shortened `` n things ago '' string , with title text containing a full iso timestamp . 
  i could n't possibly care less how it was built . 
  does it matter ? 
  same here man !, 
  i 've been trying to learn recently , and failing miserably . 
  if i do manage to sing and play for a short period without fucking up , then i end up forgetting to breathe or something . 
  to be fair , he 's pretty much bang on key . 
  even if he 's not even trying to sing . . actual words . 
  i 'm 31 , and my girlfriend ( who is 30 ) have been together for , uh , probably 10 years by now \\* . 
  neither of us want kids . 
  i do n't think i 'm responsible enough or that we 're in a good enough position to bring one into the world . 
  she feels slightly differently , in that she just does n't want them . 
  it 'd fuck up her career ( which she loves ) , and she does n't like that it 's turned many of her friends into cooing mum-types . 
  i could probably be convinced if we were in a * really * good financial position , but i doubt she ever would be . 
  you 're not alone . 
  \\* thinking about it . . that might explain why she was randomly grumpy a couple of months back . 
  with you there , man . 
  theoretically kids books , but fuck me they 're good . 
  why have one ` perl buddy ' when you can have dozens ? 
  get yourself on irc . 
  there will always be someone around willing to answer questions , critique your code and discuss implementation details . 
  first stop should probably be #perl on irc.freenode.net , but there are a whole load of perl-related and project-specific channels on irc.perl.org too . 
  i think this is an example what the op was complaining about . 
  why do you feel the need to point out that our `` biological clocks are ticking '' ?
