  not least because you can barely make out the serifs . 
  ( and in fact , it 's worse than that . 
  garamond in that example is 12.5 pt , vs helvetica at 12pt to compensate for the different x-heights ) . 
  [ get to it ] ( http://code.reddit.com/ ) . 
  `` bender '' 's brain will eventually take matters into its own hands , and ensure the pipes are regularly flushed by means of nocturnal emissions . 
  i think they 're slow , sloppy at shifting , have limited range , are heavy , and hard/impossible to maintain yourself . 
  still want one though . 
  but , buying 150 picks at once is about as useful as buying 150 pens at once . 
  a month later you still wo n't be able to find any of the fucking things . 
  scones , dude . 
  i quite like ray comfort . 
  he 's entertaining to listen to , has great delivery and appears totally willing to discuss his beliefs in detail with pretty much anyone without losing his cool , all while remaining completely friendly . 
  he 's completely batshit insane , of course . 
  but i reckon we 'd get on . 
  not that simple , i 'm afraid . 
  even with spf/sender-id in place ( which prevents forging from headers ) , spam is still a significant problem . 
  if it were feasible to rip out the entire system and replace it with something else overnight , there still is n't a sensible solution that would effectively prevent spam which does n't have significant drawbacks over the 50-year-old smtp protocol ( the most common being reliance on some form of centralised control ) . 
  i fixed mine by smacking it repeatedly against my leg . 
  my dog certainly seems to be attracted to penises . 
  to be honest , he 's not fussy , he 'll go for anything vaguely crotch-like , penis or no . 
  excellent points . 
  i feel this is important enough to reiterate :, 
  ** debt collectors have no special rights ** . 
  they ca n't force you to do anything at all , but they can ( and will ) be persistent , annoying , nasty and even threatening if you give them the chance . 
  ignore them . 
  you do n't have to talk to them at all . 
  in the event you get actual bailiffs ( turning up to enforce a court order ) , they wo n't * ask * you anything , they 'll just do it ( and probably be relatively cordial about it - they do n't need to threaten or be nasty ) . 
  the tune is called `` lightsabre cocksucking blues '' . 
  there 's not a thing in this world that would n't be improve by it . 
  but , yes , 
  staying the night is one thing , staying for 10 days is something else . 
  you 're right to be a little miffed about the situation , but i think making them pay rent twice for the same room is rather harsh . 
  this stuff should really be defined in the contract , if it is n't , then , well , it 's kinda your own fault . 
  and it 's going to turn into an argument every time it comes up . 
  i do n't think it 's entirely fair to refuse all overnight visitors ( remember , it 's their home too ) . 
  my advice is to let them do it this time , on the proviso that they agree to modify their contracts to include a clause covering overnight visitors that you 're both happy with ( eg maximum of x days out of y , with some token payment towards utilities or something if they stay more than a coupla nights in a week ) . 
  you 'll both come out of it knowing exactly where you stand . 
  the girls get what they want now , but if play it right , you 'll never have to have this argument again . 
  worth it , in my opinion . 
  when i was about 16 , i used to spend a lot of time hanging around in the local town centre with my mates . 
  we 'd go sit in the churchyard in town ( it was right in the middle of town , more like a park than the graveyard it actually was ) sharing beers between us , or smoking horribly cheap weed . 
  one day we were sitting talking about whatever bollocks 16 year old kids talk about , watching the people walking along the path that ran through the churchyard . 
  an old asian guy dressed in a tweed jacket came around the corner . 
  he got to within a couple of metres of us , and out of nowhere , in one swift movement without breaking his gait , he bent down , swept up a pigeon into his jacket and walked off as if nothing had happened . 
  seasoned developer here ( 10 + years as a programmer/dba/sysadmin / etc. 
  built several computers for myself , and servers for work . 
  i 'm no stranger to bios tweaking ) . 
  i own a macbook pro , and have no idea about its bios or lack thereof . 
  i 'll admit i 've never had cause to look . 
  but i assumed , given that apple have full control over the hardware and software in each of their devices that it was unlikely they 'd provide a way for end users to access such low-level configuration . 
   you never ever heard of command + option + o + f or the absence of it in newer macs ? 
  nope , not a clue . 
  i 've only had the mbp for a bit under a year though , i 'll admit . 
   what kind of software do you develop ? 
  web apps , primarily . 
  perl , javascript , ruby , pl/sql , bit of python , smidgen of c/c + + , lua , java and some other stuff for sideprojects and shit . 
  we typically run everything on freebsd servers in production , so os x is a pretty reasonable development platform for that ( while it 's definitely possible to get a freebsd system up and running on a laptop , it 's not what i 'd call a simple operation  ) . 
  i 've had a go at writing iphone apps , though . 
  obj-c is . . different . 
  i disagree . 
  to me it came across as clarification of what 2xc is about , nothing more ( i know they do n't overtly claim to be a feminist subreddit , but that 's kinda what goes on in there a lot of the time . 
  and i mean that in a purely dictionary-definition way ) . 
  i think you 're more concerned about the negative connotations the word has picked up over the years . 
  that 's not really the fault of the word itself , or those that use the word to describe others . 
  if anything , that thread proves 2xc are * anything but * the caricature of a `` man-hating lesbian '' you seem to be worried everyone will imagine when they see the word `` feminist '' . 
  reddit is a forum minus the majority of the ( multitude of ) things that makes forums suck . 
  like emoteicons , massive unnecessary signatures , image threads that consist of one image at the top , and a dozen replies that contain the original image plus `` lol '' . 
   i think you hit it on the head . 
   `` twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did n't do than by the ones you did do . 
  so throw off the bowlines . 
  sail away from the safe harbor . 
  catch the trade winds in your sails . 
  explore . 
  dream . 
  discover . `` mark twain, 
   `` take the first step in faith . 
  you do n't have to see the whole staircase , just take the first step . '' dr. martin luther king jr. 
   `` only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go . '' t. s. elliot, 
   `` all that we are is the result of what we have thought . '' buddha, 
   notice of confidentiality : the information that is included or attached in this electronic transmission may contain confidential and/or privileged information and is intended for only the person or entity to which it is addressed . 
  any unauthorized review , dissemination , disclosure , reproduction , distribution or other use of , or taking any action in reliance upon the contents of this information is prohibited . 
  if you believe that you have received this message in error , please notify the sender immediately by reply transmission and delete the message without copying or disclosing it . 
  thank you . 
   think of the environment please consider if you really need to print this post, 
  lol, 
  . . unlike the os you need to run it , and the development environment you need to code for it . 
  not that i have a massive problem with that , but saying '' . net is freeee ! '', 
  is a little misleading . 
  okay , that 's true . 
  we have * one * emoteicon . 
  what 's wrong with serving your static content with the necessary headers to allow browser to cache it . 
  y' know , like everyone else in the world ever ? 
  no , no problems with your caching . 
  just saying that using localstorage to store static content is at best unnecessary , and at worst misuse of the feature . 
  ( plus , you 're going to scare people off with that browser warning ), 
  if you 're just using it as a roundabout way to cache static content , then you 're just reimplementing http caching in a less-well-supported manner ( and causing unnecessary browser warnings ) . 
  if you 're putting actual content in there for offline use , then fine . 
  but you might want to consider doing so only at the user 's request , if only to not scare people . 
  sounds like a reasonable compromise , but it 's your site man , 
  secure logins are very easy to implement properly .
