  but coins that are offset can `` switch '' on and off without their slightly offset location changing ( [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gz_2v0h-cs8#t=142s ) is the sequence where i noticed it ) . 
  if they were doing it by hand exactly as demonstrated in the video , then i ca n't see a way for a coin that was slightly incorrectly placed in one frame to be removed for a frame , and then replaced in exactly the same position for another frame later in the sequence . 
  that 's not to say that it 's not an impressive achievement even if they did have some digital assistance rather than creating each and every frame as described , i just do n't completely buy the explanation . 
  you 're saying you think they recorded and projected the exact placement of each coin with its grid square ? 
  it 's possible , but i 'm not sure i buy that either , as a ) it 'll be a fuck-ton more work ( which they did n't mention when explaining how much work it was ) and b ) it does n't explain why some coins * do * move position . 
  my theory is they did create a lot of the frames by hand as described ( they had the full projector set up to do it , so it 's not unreasonable to think they at least tried it ) , but they also did some repeated loops with a computer and possibly even created parts of it entirely with a computer , using a photograph of a solid block of coins . 
  but , that does n't explain everything , either . 
  i just do n't fully buy that each and every frame was laid down by hand as described , is all . 
  if they sell well , i ca n't imagine it 'll be long before one of the cheaper mass-producers start doing something similar . 
  wo n't be as nice , or quite as accurate , i 'm sure , but could certainly be cheaper . 
  worst job ever : telemarketing double glazing . 
  not so much because phoning people up and spouting a load of lies at in an attempt to sell them windows is n't fun ( although it 's not ) , but because the people that ran it were cunts of the highest order . 
  some examples :, 
  * they did n't have enough phones for all their employees , so i was regularly sent home after turning up . 
  although i was promised i 'd be paid for turning up , i never was . 
  * i was cheated out of approximately 30 % of the hours i did actually work . 
  arguing did n't help . 
  * listening to a guy with an extremely heavy apu-like accent introduce himself as `` dave '' would have been amusing , were it not for the fact that all the indian workers were required to have an `` english '' name , because , and i quote : `` nobody wants to buy windows from a paki '' . 
  * toilet breaks were strictly prohibited on anything less than 4 hour shifts, 
  * drinking was prohibited too , in order to minimise toilet breaks on longer shifts ( not fun if you 're talking literally all day long ), 
  * a water pistol was used as a `` motivation device '' , supposedly a `` fun '' way to stop people from getting too sleepy and sounding boring , but in reality was just used as a means for the supervisors to bully people they do n't like . 
  * on my first day i was sprayed in the ear with a water pistol for being late . 
  and then again when i pointed out i was actually three minutes early , because , apparently `` unless you 're five minutes early , you 're late '' . 
  in the end i was so pissed off that when i was sent home after turning up for a shift for the 2nd time in one week , i headbutted the supervisor in the nose , took his fucking water pistol off him , jammed it up his arse , then kicked him in the ribs and fucked off . 
  okay what i actually did was just not bother turning up again . 
  hey everybody , it 's [ kanye west ] ( http://geektechnique.org/images/1910.jpg ) !, 
  is this true ? 
  if so , i 'll grab a couple in anticipation of converting a few people in the coming months ... 
  i do n't think anyone 's expecting pandora ( an internet radio app ) to send age , gender , current location and unique phone id ( along with , presumably , whatever you 're listening to ) to ad companies . 
  this is n't the same as facebook . 
  you 're right to say that apple laptops have to compromise . 
  all laptops do in some way , and any that does n't is n't likely to be very good . 
  to get anything approaching the power of a decent desktop you 're going to lose portability , or battery life , or something - probably a bit of all of the above . 
  now i 'll grant you that you have a reasonable reason for not wanting one . 
  if you * need * very powerful graphics ( and are willing to compromise other things ) , then fine , an mbp is not the laptop for you . 
  but that makes you a special case , most people do n't need that . 
  for most people , the mbp 's graphics hardware is adequate , and they 'd rather have a cooler-running machine with more battery life than a higher fps . 
  but the point i think you miss is that comparing features does n't tell the whole story . 
  most people do n't give a shit about raw cpu speed or how many stream processors the graphics hardware has , they just want to get their shit done - they only care about the whole package . 
  if you need something an mbp ca n't provide , then that 's fine , it 's not the machine for you . 
  but if you 're looking for a good , general purpose computer , comparing specifications and features without looking at the machine as a whole is rather misleading . 
  i do n't know why you 're downvoted . 
  sugar is indeed worth a fair amount of cash . 
  he got there by selling cheap shite to idiots , though . 
  there 's a free imgur app , that 's what i use . 
  the simple fact that there 's no clear consensus , even among pros , leads me to believe you 're better off sticking with whatever feels best for you . 
  it 'll almost certainly cause your chain/gears to wear out at least a bit quicker . 
  but since they 're relatively cheap parts ( which will wear out eventually anyway ) i 'm not sure i 'd consider it a problem , assuming they 're not breaking * really * frequently . 
  i 'm a low-cadence chap myself , but i 'm more worried about my knees than my bike . . 
  we live in a temperate climate , temperatures range from -20 to +40 c ( although -10 - +30 is more typical ) , meaning we deal with a wide range of weather-related problems . 
  between 1995 and 2005 ( or something like that ) , we had few very cold , snowy winters . 
  when we did get snow , it was rarely enough to shut down major roads or cause any really significant problems . 
  this is where the gritters come in . 
  they spread rock salt onto the roads which prevents ice forming . 
  this is a cheap , easy and effective way to keep the roads working as long as there 's not too much snow , or temperatures below about -10 . 
  we had some problems with a lack of salt stockpiles , but that 's simply down to local council 's budgets being stretched to the point where they buy less salt , because they needed less last year ( and it 's also true that had they bought more , there would have been an equally vitriolic outburst from the media about clueless councils wasting money . 
  hindsight is a wonderful thing ) . 
  there 's also human factors . 
  even back when winters were harsher , snow was n't something we typically had to deal with for more than a few days at a time . 
  there 's a significant number of drivers on the road who have * no * experience driving in those conditions * at all * . 
  this leads to more accidents , which leads to more major routes being shut down , and more general chaos . 
  we 're not a country that has a guaranteed x amount of snow per year - some years we have very little , and that 's what 's happened until relatively recently . 
  so we 've just not got the infrastructure to deal with it right now . 
  budgeting for things you know you 're gon na need is much easier than budgeting for things you ca n't be sure about until it happens . 
  that 's not to say we do n't have gritters , salt or snow ploughs , we just do n't have nearly enough to sort out the entire country within 24 hours of a shitload of snow landing on top of it . 
  now it 's true that up until the 90s , we * did * have harsher winters here , and back then we * did * have a far better infrastructure for dealing with weather like that . 
  but , since then there 's been a massive restructuring of our highway maintenance ( notably , most highway maintenance is now performed by private contractors rather than council-owned and operated departments and equipment - the `` new administration '' , as it were , just do n't have any experience with this kind of weather ) . 
  i 'm not trying to defend our shitty planning ( selling off publicly-owned highway maintenance divisions in particular was a damn stupid move ) , but i do think it 's not quite as simple as it might appear . 
  i like them a lot , they 're wonderful . 
  however , i think it 's unlikely we 'll see mainstream product packaging design go in that direction any time soon , at least not in the uk . 
  supermarkets here have been using `` minimalist '' ( well , `` deliberately crappy '' , but it 's also pretty minimalist . 
  [ example ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/books/pix/pictures/2008/10/03/lindanylind276.jpg ) ) design to create lower price points without losing revenue from those who can afford to pay more . 
  i find it all a bit underhanded , if i 'm honest , particularly the way they [ deliberately ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_sxr05mumd28/tm1piatjeni/aaaaaaaabp0/1oaurckaufa/s1600/dsc01670.jpg ) downplay the quality of their products , and then adding unnecessary packaging to more expensive products . 
  but whatever . 
  long story short , it means a lot of those designs smack of cheap supermarket own brands to me ( and so probably to other consumers here ) . 
  which is a shame , as some of them are very nice examples of product design . 
  since it 's already gone to a debt collector , writing to sky is unlikely to make it go away unless you make enough of a fuss to get someone higher-up involved . 
  absolutely worth trying , of course , but i find it unlikely you 'll get anywhere . 
  you 'd probably be advised to explain the ins and outs of private debt collectors to your neighbour , so he knows how to deal with them if they call or turn up on his doorstep . 
  specifically :, 
  * they have no special rights , they 're not bailiffs , they ca n't enter his home , or force him to do anything . 
  he does n't even have to talk to them . 
  * they only have an implicit right to be on his property to even knock on his door , he can revoke that right at any time , and they have to stay away or risk prosecution for trespassing, 
  * he is under no legal obligation to do * anything * . 
  in fact , the absolute best thing you can do to get rid of an unwanted debt collector is to completely ignore them . 
  put down the phone , close the door , ignore letters , do n't say a single word to them . 
  they do n't have infinite resources and will eventually give up . 
  * they 're not above lying , though , if he does let them talk to him , there 's a good chance they 'll invent some lies to convince him to pay up . 
  best to just ignore them , and if he ca n't do that , understand they have no legal right to do anything - if they sound like they have a good reason for anything , they 're probably lying, 
  i 've dealt with debt collectors myself , they 'll make up all kinds of crap and send increasingly frightening-looking letters to try to get you to part with your money . 
  ignore it . 
  they 'll go away . 
  honestly , i 'd start by reporting it to the police . 
  cause a bit of trouble for them , and they might `` find '' it . 
  chances are there 's a sign or something somewhere that supposedly protects them in cases like this , although i have no idea whether that 'll actually stand up in a court . 
  however , the small claims court is a quick , cheap and relatively simple process . 
  if you feel that strongly about it , then you 've only got # 30 and maybe an afternoon to lose . 
  in your shoes , i 'd start with the police , and then move on to the small claims court . 
  you 'll be in a much better situation if you have a ticket or some other form of proof you left your coat there , though . 
  the video you linked , and a couple of the videos linked in the comments now all say `` this video contains content from channel 4 , who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds . '' .
