  designer : `` are you sure you 're not being slightly mislead by the darker colour on the right hand side ? '', 
  client : `` are you calling me a liar ? 
  just move it to the left and stop arguing with me . 
  we pay $ < ridiculous  for this service and i do n't expect to be told i 'm stupid by some snotty `` desiiigner '' . 
  my nephew knows how to use photoshop , so it ca n't be that hard to do your job . 
  now move it over to the left so it 's centred , or i 'll hand this contract over to my nephew . '', 
  designer : `` whatever you say , sir . . '', 
  # 50k gbp is more than enough to live comfortably in the uk , even in london . 
  it 's not * that * cold here . 
  in fact it 's not really cold at all except in the middle of winter . 
  last year we had probably 20 days where it was below 0c . 
  the only real problem is we have a lot of overcast/rainy days in the winter . 
  that can get a bit depressing if the rain drags on , but overall it 's not too bad . 
  english summers can be absolutely beautiful . 
  because we get a fair bit of rain throughout the year , there 's loads of green . 
  when the sun finally comes out it 's extremely nice . 
  icons alone are often rather meaningless and hard to understand . 
  there are a few icons that are universally recognised : an `` x '' for ` delete ' , maybe a '' + '' for add , '' < '' and ''  '' for previous and next , and * possibly * '' | < '' and ''  | '' for first and last . 
  the ubiquitous `` floppy disk '' icon for ` save ' is reasonably well-known , but not actually all that obvious in this day and age ( who uses floppy disks !, 
  ) , and not particularly applicable to web apps . 
  everything else probably needs some kind of text explanation . 
  title text makes them ` discoverable ' for most people ( but maybe not all ) , although it 's not ideal . 
  the one place where icons alone are useful is when you 're trying to make a ui more compact . 
  something that will be used heavily and can make better use of available space if you can compact commands down to icons . 
  word-processor style interfaces spring to mind . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  the only excuse i 'll accept for icons-only is for an interface that :, 
  * has a lot of functions that need their own button or `` widget '', 
  * is intended to be used regularly by its target audience ( so a * minor * learning curve is acceptable ), 
  * and if compressing the functionality to icons-only can save space that can be put to better use . 
  shit . 
  this subreddit was doing very well before the moderators instituted the verification rules . 
  but it was also plagued with trolls . 
  i do agree that they * may * have taken things a bit too far on this occasion ( although it sounds more like a misunderstanding/miscommunication , to be honest ) . 
  the rule was originally created to deal with people posing as well-known figures or celebrities . . 
  there 's not really any need for a macdonald 's employee to prove themselves , in my opinion . 
  but do n't be too hard on the mods . 
  they do a good job , and they 're only trying to make this subreddit a better place . 
  it was incredibly frustrating to see iamas from people i would have loved to talk to turn out to be trolls , so i appreciate the work the mods do . 
  i also understand there will be teething problems with this relatively-recent new rule , so i 'm totally willing to give them a bit of slack . 
  do n't do that . 
  that wo n't do shit for your self-esteem and you 'll be carrying it around as a dirty secret forever . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  that 's totally their own fault for using shitty ( and possibly overloaded ) warehouse shelves . 
  i still would . 
  * all * those things sound like the fault of the store , or the coupon system . 
  * expiration dates : store it in a database and reference it with a barcode . 
  * boxes to write the product price : the register can work that out without too much trouble, 
  * stuff not matching : manage your shit better . 
  * slow : see above !, 
  stop blaming people who use coupons for this shit , it 's not their fault . 
  that 's true , but there 's two good reasons why newcomers to the market can get away with proprietary-only stuff :, 
  * it 's not hurting anyone yet , because nobody 's using it yet . 
  nobody will assume everyone can make use of files generated by it . 
  * if your shit does n't work with other people 's shit , you 're not going to sell very much, 
  it 's only really those at the top of the food chain that can afford to ignore ( or deliberately hamper ) interoperability - and when they do so it hurts everyone else , including their users . 
  linux ( or rather , the gpl ) only forces you to agree to their license if you use other bits of gpl licensed code in your software , and want to distribute it with your software . 
  i do n't think there 's anything stopping you from distributing linux along with proprietary code , and there 's certainly nothing stopping you from putting non-free code on a linux box . . 
  you 're entirely correct mate . 
  but the issue is not that stuff produced by ms software only works with other ms software , it 's that ms are taking deliberate steps to prevent it working with other software . 
  that is , they 're right at the top of the market , and they 're deliberately preventing their stuff from being usable with other software in order to maintain their market position . 
  by doing this , * everybody * except ms is worse off . 
  everyone has to either use ms software , or be unable to make use of any documents created by other people . 
  any attempts to get a footing in the market will fail , because nobody wants to use a computer that ca n't use documents created by other people . 
  it 's even bad for people already sold on ms 's stuff . 
  if there 's no chance of competition ( ie , they have a monopoly , and their deliberately trying to prevent interoperability ) , then there 's no reason for ms to improve anything . 
  they can just sit there and slowly raise their prices . 
  nobody has any option but to keep buying it - because it 's what everyone else uses . 
  edit : i agree your examples seem similar on the surface . 
  but there 's a fundamental difference you 're missing - you do n't use any of those things to produce documents/files you expect other people to be able to use . 
  interoperability is only a minor concern for most markets , but it 's a really important one for office software !, 
  y' what ? 
  ... still sounds like the store 's fault to me . 
  they did n't have to make it difficult . 
  or issue coupons at all . . 
  `` we have to stop putting any effort into this ** and ** make sure that office documents very well depends on proprietary ie capabilities '', 
  suggests to me that he wants to put extra effort into making it harder for other things to render office docs . 
  okay this is n't really about products , software or standards . 
  it 's about capitalism and the free market economy . 
  free markets rely on competition and incentive to work ( and by `` work '' , i mean to make the product or service better , through innovation , cost reduction , whatever ) . 
  no company is ever completely safe - if you think you can make a better product , or make the same product cheaper , then there 's a big incentive to try . 
  in a monopoly , there 's little or no competition . 
  this leads to stagnation . 
  there 's no incentive to make your products better , because you 're going to sell them either way . 
  you can just sit and crank up your prices . 
  the free market stops working , and everybody ( except the company that holds the monopoly ) suffers . 
  in order to maintain the free market that drives the economy , governing bodies are forced to step in to artificially break up any monopolies that may appear . 
  the methods they use to do this differ depending on exactly what is maintaining the monopoly . 
  sometimes they 'll force a company to split up into two or more separate companies ( which means they compete against one another , and makes it less daunting for a 3rd party to start up in the same market ) . 
  ms has a pretty solid monopoly on office software . 
  one way to prevent that ( or at least give the competition a fighting chance ) is to force them to document their file formats - so other companies will be able to create and edit files generated by their software . 
  anyway . 
  i can see what you 're saying . 
  it sounds a lot like interference with a company just because they 're doing well . 
  but it 's really about maintaining the free market upon which our economy is based . 
  really ? 
  you must be new here . . 
  dude they 're * still * doing this shit . 
  there 's even some links in the posted article to more recent events . 
  one example is ms deliberately attempting to stall ecmascript 4 , because it competes directly with their ( proprietary ) silverlight .
