  he was patient , spoke to her like a human being , and tried to gently explain not only what she needed to do to solve it , but also why . 
  without embarking on a pointless lecture about how browsers work . 
  pretty successful bit of tech support , i 'd say . 
  yeah i know they 're not continuous , but i 'll admit i did n't spot the fact that as long as you 're in a gear , they are indeed little more complicated than a standard derailer . 
  though it took me a while to realise it was the wider part of the pedal 's shaft ( the wider bit that stops you screwing it too far into the crank ) rubbing against the face of the crank that was the problem , not the threads . 
  there was a gap in the threads that was eating all the grease and preventing it from working it 's way up there . 
  a shitload of grease followed by a good wipe down with a rag did the job , 
  tablets are the holy grail of computing . 
  a content delivery device simple and convenient enough to use while taking a leisurely shit . 
  no longer will you be forced to resort to reading the ingredients list on a bottle of shampoo . 
  the wipe-clean screen also helps . 
  i 'll try to keep this as concise as i can . 
  first up , nintendo.com uses xhtml . 
  this is a `` dialect '' of xml used for marking up documents . 
  that is , it 's some xml that follows a particular `` document type definition '' or dtd ( the dtd describes what tags can be used for what data and where they can be used - it defines the structure that can be used for xhtml documents ) . 
  xhtml is based upon html , they 're very very similar . 
  rather than being based on xml , html is based on sgml ; a precursor to xml . 
  the differences are n't that great , however the important things to note are that sgml is pretty much only used for html these days , and it 's far less strict than xml ( which makes it easier to write it by hand , but programs that parse it have to be far more complicated to cope with all the different possible permtations ) . 
  xml 's main benefit is it 's a single format for marking up ( ie , adding `` metadata '' to ) data . 
  every xml document , be it rss or html or something else can be used with a wide variety of xml-based tools . 
  important ones being parsers ( programs that understand the document structure and either convert it to something else or present it to some other code in a manner it can work with ) and systems like xslt ( which is an xml based templating thingy that allows one xml document to be converted into another ) . 
  there are many other uses for xml . 
  for example , many web services communicate using xml . 
  this means they have a single data format that can be understood by any other machine without having to parse complicated formats . 
  one of the last remaining reasons to use xhtml on a website is so you can take advantage of xslt to do your templating . 
  this means your server can emit the page data in an xml format of your choosing , and it can be converted to xhtml by means of an xslt template . 
  one last point : you 're * kinda * right to be underwhelmed . 
  xhtml does n't really offer much over plain html . 
  xml makes more sense when you start looking at using it to describe complicated data , as then you get a nice , mature , fast parser for free , and a ton of other xml manipulation tools ( but even then , many people would rather use something far simpler like json  ) . 
  you might have better luck using cans of fosters , or maybe shrimps . 
  thanks for the info . 
  the `` reincarnation of zefrank '' thing they 've got going on is deliberate ? 
  i was honestly expecting that to suck . 
  at least a little . 
  it does not . 
  i have 8 terabytes of server space for this very reason , 
  well , this is using jbod ( kinda ) , and it 's actually 7tb after filesystem overhead and the hdd-manufacturer 's - ca n't - count tax :, 
  filesystem size used avail capacity mounted on, 
  / dev/concat/array 7.0 t 1.7 t 5.3 t 25 % / array, 
  which is kinda depressing , since there 's absolutely no redundancy there at all , 
  put a stick through the spokes ( a thin one !, 
  do n't want to kill anybody !, 
  ) , check it in a week or two ... 
  it sounds daft , but . . is your saddle high enough ? 
  if it 's too low , all your body weight will be supported by your legs and your bum . 
  if it 's the correct height then your arms will be taking some of that weight . 
  i 'm a big fat fucker , but getting my saddle height set correctly has all but eliminated saddle problems . 
  well , judging by the posts here it 's not on fire . 
  and i confirmed that to myself by staring at the live feed for a few minutes . 
  however , this is the first time i 've really * watched * the oil streaming out of that thing . 
  it occurred to me that what i 'm looking at is the end of a * very * deep oil well , itself deep under water . 
  and what 's coming out of it is millions of years old . 
  i 've been watching it for about 30 minutes now , convinced that at any moment , a horrible otherworldly deep-sea monster is going to squeeze through the end of the pipe , devour the camera in one gulp and proceed to devastate the world as we know it . 
  too much x-files ? 
  yeah totally . 
  but if i were in that situation i 'd be trolling her as much as possible . 
  crazy racist people are hilarious when they get all uppity . 
  i think the correct terminology is `` i can see no flaws in your methods and your conclusion appears to be plausible . 
  after careful review of the raw data , and successful attempts by myself and my colleagues to replicate your results , i am prepared to state that i tentatively agree with your hypothesis '' . 
  many filesystems hold back a proportion of the available space from normal users . 
  this is usually done for performance reasons or to ensure there 's always sufficient space to avoid excessive fragmentation . 
  you can turn it off if you want to , i did ( it was 8 % on my machine , which meant the reserved space is over 500gb ) . 
  yes yes yes , the iec and ieee would love everyone to use the si prefixes correctly and stop referring to 2 ^ 30 bytes as `` gigabytes '' . 
  instead using the term `` gibibytes '' , reserving `` gigabytes '' for 10 ^ 9 bytes . 
  but pretty much nobody except hard drive manufacturers actually do that ( if you 're buying ram , `` 1 gigabyte '' means `` 2 ^ 30 bytes '' ) . 
  to be honest , i do n't mind , as long as everybody agrees on the same thing , until then i 'll stick to whatever 's most common , 
  it 's my homepage . 
  it is ( well , was ) clean and simple , with nothing to distract me , and it loads extremely quickly . 
  perfect homepage . 
  so yes , i found it kinda annoying . 
  i 'm not `` outraged '' or anything , but i would appreciate a `` switch that stuff off '' option somewhere . 
  edit : i know you can set it to a white background ( which i 've done ) , but it makes the text [ look kinda fugly ] ( http://i.imgur.com/od8z0.png ) . 
  i 'm liking the white logo , though . 
  35 mins for 10 miles is , what , 17mph-ish ? 
  that 's a pretty decent average . 
  even at my i-don ` t-want-to-be-sweaty-when-i-get-where-i 'm - going pace of ~ 12mph , i overtake far more people than i get overtaken by , so at least around here 17mph is a very good average . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  indeed . 
  that does n't mean it 's not * loads * of fun to haul my fucked up old hybrid , rucksack and fat arse past the full-spandex-and-bike-that-cost-more-than-my-car dudes , though , 
  sftp is n't really very close to ftp . 
  does a similar job , certainly , but the protocol is pretty damn different . 
  only a few ftp clients support sftp ( and many of them are n't that good at it ) . 
  ftps is still relatively obscure ( it 's only reasonably recently that ftp clients and servers have been expected to have support for it ) , so that might prove problematic for some people . 
  well , i started it . 
  if the spandex and expensive bike is n't just for show , then i 'm fair game . 
  i do it a lot , but never for ego reasons , more because going fast is loads of fun . 
  if someone re-overtakes me i 'll usually give them a nod or a thumbs up because , well , i was asking for it , 
  not as annoying as when they do that ... and then immediately slow down . 
  i 'm not the first to try burning a hole in someone 's back with an angry stare , then ? 
  you can wean yourself off caffeine relatively cheaply and easily , unlike other drugs there 's no real benefit to cold turkeying . 
  the biggest problems i faced with caffeine withdrawal were headaches and general depressed mental state , but that 's easy to deal with if you do it slowly . 
  here 's what i recommend : work out how much caffeine you 're consuming , and buy yourself a supply of caffeine tablets to replace it . 
  you probably want to start at 80 % of your normal intake in several doses throughout the day , and then slowly reduce it over two or three weeks . 
  sooner or later you 'll have got your levels down to the point where you forget about the pills altogether , 
  doing it this way gives you a chance to break the habits ( coffee in the mornings or whatever ) without having to cope with the withdrawal symptoms at the same time . 
  this makes it all a lot easier . 
  one bit of advice that helped me considerably : drink water . 
  fucking loads of it . 
  many of the short-term positive effects of caffeine ( feeling refreshed , having a little energy boost ) are mostly in your head anyway ( it takes 30 minutes or so for it to kick in ) , and they can be kiiinda simulated by a nice refreshing drink of water - but you do need to drink a lot !, 
  ( i was drinking 6-7 litres a day ) .
