  i find i only really need them for assigning events and the occasional selector . 
  for what it 's worth , i find code that makes heavy use of frameworks to be tricky to debug ( particularly jquery ) . 
  but that 's possibly a function of the more compact code . 
  what about using body heat to warm the air ? 
  assuming body temperature is warm enough , that seems more reliable than a battery-powered heater of some kind . 
  i do n't have any idea if this would be a workable solution , but what 's sprung into my mind is a thin-walled tube arranged into a flat area ( to create a large surface area ) , which is then held against the skin somehow . 
  probably an elastic strap of some kind to hold it against a warm part ( a quick , entirely unscientific survey of suitable locations on my own body suggests that the area above my belly , at the bottom of my ribs is pretty warm , and not a tricky area to strap something to ) . 
  edit : although , i suppose , doing this means adding extra potential points of failure to the oxygen supply , so it might be a non-starter for that reason , depending on how critical it is to maintain an uninterrupted supply - i have no idea . 
  but , at the same time , my concern with an electric heater and a plastic tube would be melting . . and this would avoid that possibility . 
  i do n't mean the jquery/framework code itself , rather code written using it . 
  i hate that horrible shit . 
  it also inserts crap into the bottom of everything you copy , which is just fucking evil if you ask me . 
  it was blocked many , many moons ago when i first noticed my browser 's loading bar spazzing out randomly . 
  they get counted and reported , though . 
  at least , they do here in the uk . 
  no , just `` spoiled '' . 
  my commute is along a canal towpath , with absolutely no lighting and lots of overhanging trees ( so even a bright moon does n't help much ) . 
  i * very narrowly * missing dunking myself in the ( freezing ! ), 
  canal one night after trying to avoid a ninja-attired dog-walker . 
  so upon arriving home , i immediately bought one of [ these ] ( http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/models.aspx?modelid=29548 ) to replace my crappy # 10 light . 
  stupidly expensive ( i paid # 150 ) , but fuck me it 's good . 
  lasts 5 + hours on its highest setting , and is plenty bright enough to make me feel safe along that towpath . 
  the vega is pretty good , yeah . 
  basically the same light but with fewer ni-mh ( rather than li-ion ) batteries . 
  it 's kinda bulky , which put me off as i 've had problems with bigger lights getting shaken about on rough paths . 
  probably be fine on the road , though . 
  actually , i find the cabled light to be quite convenient . 
  on a long ride i 'll strap the battery to the frame properly , but if i 'm going on a short ride , i just leave the it in my rucksack or coat pocket and run the cable to the handlebars . 
  it 's surprisingly unobtrusive . 
  and the tiny lamp unit is easily and quickly detached with a yank on the rubber strap ( because it 's so light it does n't need to be done up particularly tightly ) . 
  i live in oxford too , and i have to say buses here take the fucking piss . 
  last time i took one , i waited 45 minutes ( for an `` every 10 minutes '' service ) , and paid # 3 for a journey that 's # 5 by taxi ( or 10 minutes on my bike ) . 
  next time i 'm without my bike , i 'll walk . 
  i kinda like the idea of a limited cloak in addition to the backburner , eg , one that only works when standing still or something . 
  as long as stopping wo n't stop sentries from shooting at you ( otherwise it 'd be far too easy for a pyro to utterly decimate defences ) . 
  thanks for that , man . 
  that 's saved my sanity a little , 
  which is interesting , given all the mmo concepts they 've reused in tf2 , 
  well , that 's because lung cancer is `` their own fault , for smoking '' , and breast cancer is n't . 
  surely that should be black with a white bit on top ? 
  my comment was intended to be sarcasm , highlighting the fact that breast cancer gets far more public exposure than lung cancer ( and other conditions ) primarily because many people hold the misconception that it 's caused exclusively by smoking . 
  the fact breast cancer has * far * more scope for gimmicky marketing stunts like the one we 're discussing here is likely also a major factor . 
  my inner geek is having problems with that . 
  they create light ( and sound ) when they 're not hitting anything , so some energy has to be lost somewhere . 
  i 'll buy that they do n't use * much * energy unless they 're touching something ( and i 'm even willing to believe they 're powered by some magical future batteries that hold immense quantities of energy ) . 
  in fact , my inner nerd would be happier to modify your explanation with something like ; the light and sound they produce when `` idle '' are due to it ` hitting ' the air around it , so it is drawing * some * power . 
  which has the interesting side-effect of meaning they 'd be silent and invisible in a vacuum . 
  you forgot to carry the zero . 
  i have an ancient laserjet 4m + . 
  it 's astonishingly good for such a nasty old printer , prints beautifully , is pretty quick , it even happily sits on my network . 
  plus the toner cartridges last for ages and can be had cheaply these days . 
  only problem i have with it is the fan is constantly on , but it looks like a standard 80mm fan , so i 've been meaning to swap it for one of the temperature-sensitive ones . 
  upvotes for you , my friend . 
  i knew a ton of straight edge guys back in the day . 
  nicest dudes you could hope to meet ( if a little intimidating ) , and i always got the impression they were far more tolerant of others than others were of them . 
  but then i 've met a few hardcore straight edge types ( some who later went on to get involved in militant animal rights protests ) . 
  they were never particularly fun people to be around , and i always had the feeling they were only in it for a chance to fight something . 
  the one i have was `` liberated '' from a direct mail company i used to work for when they went out of business ( along with a few toner carts ) . 
  they used a dozen or so of them to print anything black and white that needed to be unique ( with addresses on them or whatever ) . 
  so they 'd spent their lives churning out nasty junk mail bullshit 10 hours per day , 5 days per week . 
  it was pretty old when i got it , and it 's still going strong . 
  fucking things are indestructible , 
  seriously , they 're very very cool . 
  it was a revelation for me to be able to connect actual physical things to some code , and these things make it so damn easy . 
  you 'll have no trouble at all if you 've written any code before , and vaguely understand the structure of a c-like language ( it 's actually c++ , but you really do n't need to care much as a beginner as long as you 've used pretty much any modern programming language - i know zero c or c++ myself ) . 
  seriously , with an arduino and a microphone this is a ridiculously simple project . 
  the only problems i can foresee are getting the microphone levels right , and more importantly , doing whatever it is you need to do to get the microwave to stop . 
  the actual circuits and code to listen for pops and decide when it 's done should be a cakewalk . 
  the arduino is a prototyping board , just a microprocessor , some power circuitry and input/output hardware . 
  something you 'd use for a one-off proof-of-concept , not the basis of a mass-produced product . 
  it 's far too expensive for that , and i suspect the chip in it is far more powerful than you 'd actually need in a final product . 
  you 'd be unlikely to be able to design and build something yourself that would be suitable for mass-production without some interim steps anyway . 
  but it 's a * perfect * way to get something working , particularly if you 're new to the world of electronics . 
  oh , and , on the subject of patents , my understanding is you just patent the idea and the basic mechanism , not the specific implementation ( ie , in a patent application , the circuitry would likely be described as an opaque `` black box '' with a general description of what it does ) . 
  probably . 
  but it will work . 
  importantly ( given the dude appears to have limited experience with electronics ) , it 's an extremely cheap and easy way to get electrical components hooked up to some code . 
  meaning he can go from virtually zero electronics to having a working prototype for $ 50 and a few hour 's work . 
  i have avast installed , but not generally active , and occasionally scan everything to make sure there 's nothing evil going on ( even from time to time taking the drives out and scanning them using a different system ) . 
  i have managed to avoid anything nasty for many years . 
  but , recently , i got my first proper virus . 
  it came via an exploited site in my ( up to date ) firefox . 
  the only reason i noticed was because i have [ this ] ( http://www.mlin.net/startupmonitor.shtml ) installed , which alerts me when something 's trying to set itself up to run at startup . 
  after a bit of work i tracked down the offending files , but avast ( which had been updated ) was unable to identify them as viruses . 
  later , i ran it through [ virustotal ] ( http://www.virustotal.com ) which did n't pick it up either . 
  rescanning the file [ just now ] ( http://www.virustotal.com/analisis/a29f6c54428826b3f4d0b327a793403197b8f462768a38c31c19cd0f3a0f8fd0-1263189941 ) shows it being picked up by a few - but not avast . 
  i did eventually manage to get rid of it , but it took a long time , and was n't much fun ( i could see from netstat that it was attempting to send spam , so i had to disconnect from my network - meaning i was very much on my own ) . 
  i do n't really have a conclusion to this story . 
  virus checkers wo n't save you . 
  not doing stupid things wo n't save you . 
  i 'm seriously considering moving all my stuff to a combination of several machines - a linux based workstation with no actually-important data on it , a completely locked-down fileserver for all my data , and a separate server for any other external stuff ( webserver , etc ) . 
  that might be reasonably secure ( as something that manages to get root on my workstation probably wo n't be able to do anything evil to the rest of the setup ) but probably not perfect . 
  [ 99 luftballons ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9whehyyblqu ) :d, 
  here 's a nice easy way to disable the referrer header temporarily in firefox . 
  * install the [ modify headers ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/967 ) addon . 
  * open it up , it 's in the tools menu . 
  * select ` modify ' from the dropbox in the top left corner, 
  * type ` referer ' into the textbox next to it ( yes , it 's meant to be spelt incorrectly ), 
  * click ` add ', 
  * enjoy the [ crazy shit ] ( http://twitpic.com/xncqy ) ( nsfw-ish ) people post to twitter .
