  so ( despite owning both of the spaced dvds ) , i 'm currently torrenting them , and will seed them as long as i can . 
  fuck you , channel 4 . 
  right now , they 're trying very hard to make that a reality . . 
  are you getting fucked by your credit card company ? 
  almost certainly . 
  whether or not you 're getting fucked more than the rest of us , i do n't know . 
  ask them ? 
  i do agree , but if i were a valve employee looking at irrefutable evidence that he 'd been cheating , i do n't think i 'd have given him much of my time , either . 
  it 's got to be hard for them , banning cheaters is definitely the way to deal with it , but it does mean that every single person that gets banned is going to protest their innocence . 
  cmd + left/right does what home/end on a windows box does . 
  home/end on os x is the ( imho less useful ) `` go to the top/bottom '' . 
  so , yes , fn + left/right results in the same action as home/end on an external keyboard would , but cmd + left/right are closer to what you actually might expect them to do if you 're coming from windows . 
  okay . 
  first up , `` the boat '' is just training wheels . 
  you do n't need that , all it achieves is to shorten your paper and make it all wrinkly . 
  fuck that shit . 
  roll freestyle . 
  the second big problem for me here is the construction order . 
  the roach ( ie paper ` filter ' ) needs to go in * before * the roll . 
  before or after your contents is up to you , but definitely before you start rolling that shit . 
  the size of the roach informs how much you pack into the joint . 
  too big compared to the roach and you 'll have a baggy , soggy joint . 
  too little and the resulting spliff will lack the necessary structural integrity . 
  you can vary the amount of trees , but you need to alter the roach to accommodate . 
  now , the roll . 
  getting the correct tension here is key to a nice smoke . 
  too tight and you 'll burn more than you smoke , too lose and it 'll burn unevenly - you 'll be left with a canoe . 
  his joint was far , far too tight . 
  see how he was obsessively relighting it ? 
  that 's just wasted ganje . 
  if done properly , the perfect blifter will hold a cherry with no constant relighting , and wo n't produce anything like that much smoke from the lit end . 
  rolling is best performed in one motion , not two . 
  two steps will lead to uneven tension , and thus an uneven burn . 
  you do n't want that . 
  for typical `` king size '' skins you can tuck the paper and roll simply with a finger at each end , assuming you 've packed it evenly . 
  for larger papers , you want to start at the middle and work your way out . 
  the glass is actually rather impervious to scratches in normal use . 
  i 'm sure someone can prove me wrong , but i had no trouble when i did n't have a case on it , and i 'm not the most careful of blokes . 
  the front ( uncovered ) is n't scratched yet , either . 
  but i like having a case on it , otherwise it just seems a bit slippery and delicate . 
  it 's much nicer to use with some rubbery plastic around it . 
  i have n't had any problems with crumbs or anything getting in there , it 's a pretty snug fit . 
  cordless tools are n't always that great . 
  a cordless drill is indispensable , but a cordless circular saw ? 
  they tend to be underpowered ( which can lead to them jamming up , or at least slowing down and ruining your cut ) , and they chew through batteries . 
  a half-decent mains-powered one will likely be cheaper and better , it 's not like you 're going to need to get your circular saw into awkward places ( unlike a drill ) . 
  mitre saw , though , hell yes . 
  best purchase i 've made . 
  do n't cheap out like i did , though . 
  spend a bit more and you wo n't have to waste time fixing inaccurate cuts . 
  i have a li-ion makita drill . 
  it 's amazing how much it can do on a single charge . 
  i laid a new floor in the loft with it on a single charge , and it was still going strong for a while after that . 
  and that was approximately 173 million screws . 
  okay maybe not that many , but it felt like it . 
  you should really post this on instructables.com ... 
  they had their chance , and fucked it up . 
  back in the late 90s/early 2000s , mp3 players were gaining popularity , but severely hampered by high flash memory costs . 
  64mb players were common and cheap enough , but more sensibly-sized 128mb and even 256mb players were still rather pricey . 
  at the time , probably the most convenient portable music system was sony 's minidisc . 
  minidisc players were kinda-sorta similar to mp3 players ; they stored music in a lossy compressed format ( albeit using sony 's proprietary codec ) . 
  the big advantage they had was the media : minidiscs could store 170mb of data . 
  for a time , sony even sold minidisc drives with ide interfaces , that could be installed into computers much like a floppy drive . 
  minidiscs were a cheap ( way cheaper than flash memory ) , small , well established and readily available . 
  but above all , they were removable . 
  removable media with more storage space than an ( at the time ) expensive 128mb flash-based mp3 player . 
  the players were compact and beautifully crafted . 
  a perfect platform for an mp3 player . 
  they could have blown the flash-based players out of the water on the technology alone . 
  but on top of that , sony had the walkman brand . 
  at the time , * the * brand for portable music players . 
  for those too young to remember , `` walkman '' was an even stronger brand than `` ipod '' is now . 
  everything that played music and fit in your pocket was a `` walkman '' , regardless of manufacturer . 
  so how is it we have ipods now and not walkmans ? 
  sony fucked the dog , that 's how . 
  they were * perfectly * poised to completely own the emerging mp3 player market . 
  they had the technology , the brand , customer loyalty , and the music industry connections ( they do , after all , own a record label ) . 
  they were even ( arguably ) the only manufacturer capable of producing devices * nice * enough to compete with apple . 
  they knew it was coming - they flirted briefly with the `` network walkman '' - a flash-based mp3 player , exactly the same as the other mp3 players on the market . 
  except , it did n't use mp3 . 
  that 's right , it used sony 's proprietary atrac3 format , which nobody cared about \\* . 
  so where 's the mp3-playing minidisc walkman you could connect to a computer ? 
  they did n't make one . 
  they * did * make a minidisc player that connected to a computer though . 
  i was excited when i first saw it , but excitement rapidly gave way to disappointment . 
  it had a usb connector , but it turned out it was a * usb soundcard * . 
  the software played the music from your computer * in real time * over the soundcard , and the player recorded it . 
  what the fuck they were thinking with that , i have no idea . 
  they had * all the pieces * . 
  they could be riding high right now with a huge market . 
  but no , they squandered such a perfect opportunity . 
  idiots . 
  \\* they * did * release a network walkman that supported mp3 , but it was way too expensive and way too late . 
  \\*\\* well , they did . 
  they announced one , at least . 
  but it was 2005 by then ( and i 'm not entirely sure it if ever saw the light of day ) . 
  too late . 
  too late by like 5 years . 
  he 's a good dj , but an annoying cunt . 
  why do people in space look like they 're trying to squeeze out a difficult poo ?
