  yeah . 
  most pcbs are soldered using [ reflow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reflow_soldering ) ovens which get to over 200c . 
  any hair dryer that can get even that hot has something significantly wrong with it . 
  a laptop with a touchscreen where the keyboard would normally be ? 
  so , basically a nintendo ds ? 
  absolutely . 
  this stuff annoys me so much , do it !, 
  on the one hand , they 're obviously arseholes for abusing that system for profit . 
  on the other , they 're a profit-making company ; it 's legal and there 's a financial incentive for them to do it , so whoever put the system in place assuming it would n't be abused is a naive idiot . 
  i guess this is why having healthcare services delivered by the free market is hard . 
  coats and ` ats . 
  i bought one to go in my bedroom ( having a bit of noise and airflow helps me sleep ) . 
  they 're perfect for that for several reasons : remote control , timer , the fan speed can be set much lower than most fans ( at least the ones i 've owned ) , they 're pretty quiet , the sound they do make is fairly pleasant ( as opposed to rattly ) and they look nice enough that it 's not out of place in a bedroom . 
  problems are the light indicating timer and fan speed is way too bright ( i covered it ) , and the remote is terribly designed : it 's unpleasantly light and cheap-feeling , but more importantly is impossible to operate by touch as you ca n't tell which way is up and you ca n't feel the buttons until you press them . 
  so yeah , i 'm sure i could have found a cheaper one , but it 's certainly not fair to say that it 's no better than a cheap crappy supermarket fan . 
  he 's doing a terrible job of it . 
  look at all those bits at the bottom nnnngggg !, 
  that 's both an impressive bit of engineering , and a great in-depth explanation of how it works !, 
  ban that user-hostile shit . 
  it probably does n't really . 
  in a bout of overenthusiastic creak-hunting i stripped it down and regreased it without realising quite how delicate the caged bearings were , and bent one of them fairly significantly . 
  it bent back into shape , but added a new noise when turning , and on inspecting the bearing race it looks like it has some new scratches on it now . 
  i 'd probably get away with just replacing the bearing with one that does n't have a bent cage ( or even just loose balls ) , but i do n't trust it now . 
  i also quite fancy the idea of having a go at it , so this is a good excuse . 
  ah , yes that helps i did n't pick up on that !, 
  how about a simple `` help '' ? 
  sweet !, 
  i honestly thought he said his house was `` chris '' and i was missing some important youth slang . 
  fists wit ur toes, 
  i see you 've played knifey-brushie before ... 
  it is known . 
  they coded that badly , it should record the full autocompleted string that you chose ( in this case the entire artist name ) . 
  my bet is autocomplete was added after search history and nobody bothered checking . 
  a bit drunk , just ordered a pint in the pub , was really hot so i started taking off my jumper . 
  half way through the barman handed my my change , but i needed the free hand so i put the change in my mouth temporarily . 
  then immediately swallowed it . 
  clarendon or something similar, 
  fuck me , using vim is going to suck without a physical esc key . 
  fairly sure as soon as the guy spots the cameras he calms right the fuck down . . 
  it 's much like australian currency i suspect . 
  which yes will melt , but you have to get it pretty hot . 
  i 'd argue that water and natural wear are more likely to affect money than excessive heat , so this is probably a reasonable compromise . 
  aussie currency is lovely to handle ( much more satisfying than paper money ) , so i 'm generally in favour of this . 
   keep passwords as encrypted for security . 
  decrypt them in application when required, 
  sudo chown - r me : me . 
  i just wanted to fix permissions on all the dotfiles , but ended up breaking a lot of stuff for many people :(, 
  or measure by weight instead ? 
  helvetica neue by the looks . 
  try : http://www.myfonts.com/fonts/linotype/neue-helvetica/helvetica-45-light/, 
  good , `` no man 's sky '' is a beautiful name for a sci-fi/adventure game . 
  sweet , thanks !, 
  edit : yes both 10 speed, 
  i kinda feel like if the only way you can assemble and disassemble your crane is with a bigger crane , you have a shitly designed crane . . 
  [ she drew the gun - poem ] ( https://youtu.be/q15_m1xedai ), 
  one of my marathon pluses was killed inside a month by a nail . 
  along with the rim , mudguard and a not-insignificant chunk of my calf muscle :(, 
  it 's vaguely mushroom-shaped ( well , an upside down mushroom in the pic ) , about 8mm at the widest part , 3.5 mm at the top of the bit in the pic . 
  there 's a small ~ ~ o-ring ~ ~ edit : o-ring shape molded into it ( it 's not a separate o-ring ) around the narrow bit , and the whole thing is made of a stiff-ish rubbery substance . 
  i recently did some work on my bicycle 's disc brakes in the area i found this , so it might be related - but i ca n't see any obvious unplugged holes !, 
  i hope it 's not important !, 
  yes that was my thought , but i ca n't see where it might go !, 
  itt : solvents, 
  he 's already got steve buschemi eyes, 
  i had massive trouble with a rubbing brake even after several attempts at realignment , turns out the wheel was n't seated in the dropouts properly . 
  that is lovely . 
  fantastic job , nothing obvious that i 'd change . 
  seen it , but it 's still awesome , 
  i honestly feel like this is a deliberate ( and successful ) attempt to get a bit of press for an otherwise-fairly-predictable marketing campaign . . 
  there are often inexperienced/unarmed punters on the river ; you could always try piracy ... 
  fuck , it 's minas tirith !, 
  this sub has become ridiculous . 
  i bought a short-run print of it in the early 2000s before it became super popular . 
  i had to take it down after it ended up being copied everywhere :(, 
  pretty much !, 
  yeah trying the opengl driver now , fingers crossed ... 
  i 'm still messing about constantly rebooting to remove the old driver : /, 
  570 , it just about coped at 1920x1200 at medium/low . 
  but at least it did n't crash !, 
  ca n't get it to install , keeps crashing even after stripping out the old driver . 
  i suspect the opengl drivers just do n't work with the 10xx cards . 
  i noticed the old driver , which was the most recent for my old card , needed to be replaced with a much newer one for the 1060 , and that driver has a higher revision than the gl drivers ( hence all the uninstalling as it would n't automatically downgrade ), 
  just rebooting after cleanly installing the 10xx drivers , maybe a cleanup will help !, 
  yes , yes and yes . 
  having done all that it will at least load and is playable for a bit , but will crash after a few minutes . 
  i downloaded the latest driver a couple of hours ago, 
  yeah maybe . 
  i 'm having some crashes outside of nms at the moment ( since that new driver went in ) which may be due to my slightly crufty win7 box needing some attention , so i 'm taking the opportunity to install windows 10 on a spare ssd and see if that 's any better . 
  new games are basically the only thing that forces me to upgrade , 
  glad it works for you man !, 
  ( but jealous  ), 
  i had an issue with no man 's sky immediately crashing on launch . 
  it turned out the contents of the three settings files had been replaced with null characters . 
  verifying steam cache did n't help , but in the end i deleted them and the game launched correctly ( it recreated them ), 
  maybe consider a hybrid rather than road bike , at 300lb you 're going to want to have bigger tyres than a typical 23-25mm tyre on a road bike . 
  think 32mm or ( better ) 40mm , which is fairly standard for flat-bar hybrids . 
  otherwise you 're liable to get pinch flats , rim dents , broken spokes ( and a sore ass ! ), 
  those big tyres wo n't affect rolling resistance too much though as long as they do n't have much tread . 
  prices for trek 's fx hybrid go down to $ 350 at the bottom end . 
  you 'll get more for your money used , but with a new one you will at least get a warranty .
