  you 'll need :, 
  * a frying pan ( big flat thing . 
  `` skillet '' in the states ? 
  you might be able to use your panini machine for this ), 
  * a spatula of some description . 
  * some bread . 
  ideally some slices from a loaf, 
  * some butter , or margarine , or any random vaguely yellow spreadable bread-covering substance . 
  * half an onion . 
  ideally a red onion , but anything will do, 
  * pitted black olives . 
  pretty much anything will do . 
  * cheese . 
  again , anything will likely do . 
  cheddar works , provolone will probably be fine . 
  i like port salut for this one , but whatever . 
  do n't get the cheapest , but you do n't need to go nuts . 
  you could substitute almost any meat here , but i 'd stick to this because a ) it 's really really nice , and b ) i 've never bought a really bad version of either of these things , so you should n't need too much supermarket-fu to get it right . 
  put the pan on the stove to heat up . 
  low heat . 
  lower than that . 
  the longer you cook this for , the better it 'll be . 
  getting the cooking temps right is probably the trickiest part . 
  butter the bread . 
  the butter wants to be on the * outside * when it 's cooked , so butter both slices on one side , put one down butter-side-up and put the next on top butter-side-down . 
  we 'll rearrange later . 
  put the cheese on . 
  do n't be shy with it , 
  slice the onion . 
  onions have a `` blunt '' end and a `` pointy '' end ( if in doubt , the blunt end is usually `` hairy '' ) . 
  stick it on its side and slice down so the knife goes through the top and bottom . 
  you 're left with two halves , each with half a blunt end and half a pointy end each . 
  take one half , stick the cut side down , and slice about 1cm of the blunt end . 
  now take off the outer shell of the onion so you 're left with the flesh . 
  now slice it . 
  about 2mm thick slices . 
  if you fuck up the onion slicing , just attack it with a knife until you have diced onion , 
  separate the onion bits ( you should be left with curved onion ` sticks ' ) , and chuck a few onto your sandwich . 
  slice up a few olives . 
  does n't matter how , just make them smaller . 
  chuck them on too . 
  now take a coupla slices of proscuito/parma ham and lay it on top . 
  no need to use loads , if it 's more than 2 layers thick anywhere , you probably have too much . 
  i like to chuck on another bit of cheese at this point ( helps stick everything together ) , but whatever . 
  now lift the top slice with all the toppings and put it into the pan . 
  take the second slice and put it on top ( butter side up ! ), 
  let it cook for a few minutes . 
  you might want to check it a bit . 
  it should go very slowly brown , but never black . 
  ideally , it should only be lightly brown after about 5 minutes . 
  you can take the pan off the heat and adjust the stove if it 's going too quick . 
  if it 's not starting to go a bit crispy after a few minutes , then you can turn up the heat . 
  after 5 mins or so you can turn it ( but it 's more important to get it nicely browned than cook for a specific time ) . 
  the cheese should be fairly well melted , so it should all stick together nicely . 
  stick the spatula underneath , lift , and flip over . 
  wait another few minutes for the other side to cook ( probably wo n't need quite as long ) . 
  lift it out of the pan , slice it in half , and enjoy . 
  it sounds like it was an unfortunate accident . 
  sure , it could possibly have been avoided by different training , but it does n't sound like there was much warning of that . 
  sometimes shit just happens , and nobody 's to blame . 
  it looked more like a blatant bsg rip off to me . 
  but yes , i 'll be watching , 
  nah man , she 's just a greedy bitch . 
  what a cunt . 
  she was willing to deny thousands of women that ability to get donated sperm , just so she can get paid ? 
  greedy fucking bitch . 
  personally i find it a rude and borderline unethical thing to do . 
  if the client cares about the relationship with the designer , then they 're going to find it hard to argue . 
  it 's probably only the stroppier , annoying clients that will demand it removed . 
  so i think it 's unfair , unprofessional and unethical to do it without asking , and it 's almost punishing the `` good '' clients . 
  apart from just coming out with it and asking ( many will agree ) , you could also use it as part of the initial spec and negotiation process . 
  that is , if they ask for a discount ( one that you 're prepared to give anyway  ) , then you can always grant it in return for a link back . 
  yes . 
  that 's exactly what i think . 
  a link back is beneficial to you , and completely useless to them . 
  it 's their design ; they 're paying for it . 
  so there 's no reason for a link back to your site needs to be there other than for your own purposes . 
  it 's not like you 're putting it there to help curious people find the designer - it 's free advertising and pagerank , be honest . 
  and do n't try to tell me negotiation is unethical . 
  you know as well as i do that there are clients that want to keep costs low and willing to compromise to do so , clients that want everything exactly to specification no matter what it costs , and everything in between \\* . 
  one size does not fit all in the world of design . 
  so a link back to your site is a tool you can use that might make you feel a bit better about knocking x % off their bill . 
  \\* well , actually , there are plenty that want everything perfect and * are n't * willing to pay for it , but that 's another story . 
  sensible popup blockers ( ie , ones that are in all modern browsers ) only kick in when you 're trying to open a window in code that is n't running as the direct result of a user 's click . 
  popup windows work fine , as long as you 're using them vaguely reasonably . 
  i propose a different solution : have decent fucking sized source images to link to in the first place . 
  if all you have is a tiny thumbnail-sized image , you ai n't doing it right !, 
  annoys the shit out of me when i 'm trying to buy something and ca n't actually * look * at it properly . 
  i 'm with you man . 
  i started out in a small shop , where i was being a sysadmin , developer , dba , etc all at once . 
  and being a small company , i was pretty much personally responsible for anything that went wrong ( it was certainly me that got the 4am phone calls ) . 
  if there 's one thing i learnt , it 's that they 're all very different jobs , and there 's no benefit in mixing them up . 
  it 's all too easy for your developer-head to think `` i 'll just log into the live server and have a quick tinker around '' , all while your sysadmin-head is telling you it 's a fucking terrible plan . 
  sure , most of the time you restrain yourself - but when something bad happens and you 're rushing . . all bets are off !, 
  one of the best things we did was to hire a stroppy sysadmin who strictly enforces proper security practices and production server management . 
  ( though you should probably have your logs easily-accessible to developers . 
  they 're gon na need them for tracking down awkward bugs . 
  ( upvote to bring you back to 1 , that 's not a 0-worthy comment ), 
  yeeees , but , how many times has a client ( or manager , or marketing dept , etc ) contacted you asking for something , but they 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  ie , you can see what they want , but what they 're asking you to do is the wrong solution to their problem .
