  i suspect the reason we have n't seen a popular open source flash-alike is that it 's not really a programming problem . 
  nobody ( apart from big companies ) think the right way to do it is a plugin client rendering big binary blobs of code and data generated by a big application . 
  what we 've got instead is an open spec for canvas and the video tag , so that browser compatibility and cross-platform concerns can be addressed simply by someone implementing the spec . 
  there are even some working implementations now , so we 're on our way to replacing flash . 
  one big hurdle has been the video tag , there was some drama recently around the w3c trying to mandate a single , free codec , but the vendors could n't agree ( and started getting stroppy about it ) so it did n't happen . 
  which means we 're going to have to sit through some ( hopefully minor ) format wars before it becomes viable . 
  connect up , make a single request to a unique ( preferably interesting-looking ) url on a server you control ( or at least can get some logs for ) . 
  then wait and see if someone hits it again ... 
   there are several advantages with serving bytecode , both in speed ,, 
  yeah , bytecode is going to be faster than something that needs to be compiled in a browser . 
  but , one of the major things flash is used for these days is displaying video . 
  if that was done properly ( ie , using the video tag ) , then the bytecode would be unnecessary , and everything would work in the browser . 
   filesize, 
  bytecode is * probably * smaller than the equivalent source , yes . 
  ( but see above ), 
   maintainability, 
  having to serve big blobs of binary is more maintainable than serving either source ( in the case of , for example , javascript ) or nothing at all apart from data ( ` < video  ` tag ) . 
  i think not . 
   and security, 
  maybe , but that is * at best * `` security by obscurity '' . 
   format wars are rarely minor and this one will be quite epic . 
  nobody 's jumped on anything yet . 
  ms have * far * less power than they used to ( the browser market is no longer 98 % ie ) , so for * anything at all * to gain widespread/mainstream acceptance , it 's got to work everywhere . 
  so , in this situation , i suspect format wars will be waged behind the scenes , at least to some extent . 
   do n't think microsoft not will enter the arena will full force any minute . 
  uh , silverlight ? 
   in the mean time we will be forced to use two or more formats, 
  who 's going to do that ? 
  we already have a viable , if flawed , means to do this stuff : flash . 
  we 're not going back to the days of a wmv link for windows people and qt for macs any time soon . 
  what 's happening now is we 're looking for something better , and something that is n't controlled by a single company . 
   this video is not available in your country due to copyright restrictions . 
  what is it ? 
  i mean `` r&b '' . 
  i do n't mean `` rhythm and blues '' , 
  okay , well , i can find things to enjoy in 80s synth pop . 
  that 's a decent example . . 
  not ... * that * much . 
  they started off playing pop punk , released their stuff through lookout records - a pop punk label , then they `` hit it big '' , and sold out to the majors . 
  but their sound was pretty much the same ( and pretty close to what lookout were doing ) for many years . 
  ( their recent stuff has diverged from the pop punk sound a fair bit , i 'll grant you . 
  but to be completely honest , i count that as `` cashing in '' rather than actual music  ), 
  are you still in school ? 
  university ? 
  are n't you worried about being busted for child support ? 
  i have n't been following closely , but i have seen news reports about it happening and people going to court over it . 
  wikipedia [ suggests that ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sperm_donation#in_law ) it 's all still a bit up in the air . 
  i completely agree . 
  hence my question , 
  well , the bigger problem is that , with all these random court cases and stuff happening , anyone who has donated sperm or is thinking about doing so now has no guarantees they 're not going to be hit with a huge bill or get dragged into court later . 
  i cant see a way round it without a * very * explicit law protecting donors , or guaranteed anonymous donations . 
  although the latter could potentially be a little unfair on the child . 
  * how big is your grow ? 
  * what lamps do you use ( hps , cfl ? ), 
  * do you grow in a room , or have you built an enclosure ? 
  * how do you get the warm air out without it being noticed ? 
  * do you grow in soil or some hydro setup ? 
  * once set up , how much effort does it take to maintain ? 
  * do you just grow plants straight , or do you use a technique such as sog , scrog , etc ? 
  * any advice for the budding ( heh ) farmer ? 
  * what precautions do you take against getting caught ? 
  agreed . 
  does n't look like it 's happened yet , though , judging by the legal uncertainty on the subject . 
  i think part of the problem is that there 's two contractual agreements involved , one between the donor and the bank , and one between the bank and the mother ( at least in the case of formal donations via a sperm bank , which i 'm guessing is the most common situation ) . 
  i suspect the two contracts , along with the bank 's responsibility to record information about where the sperm came from , the child 's right to know who their father is , etc , makes it trickier than it sounds . 
  . . legally , at least . 
  morally it 's pretty damn clear that father should have little or no responsibilities in that situation , as they do n't get to pick the mother . . 
  thanks for the answers , very informative , 
  i 've read a bit about indoor growing , there seem to be lots and lots of variables to balance , and everything i read adds more . 
  i have trouble identifying what 's really important and what one can be a bit more lax with ( if anything ! ) . 
  you 've said ph is very important , what about :, 
  * watering and feeding frequency/quantity/consistency, 
  * getting fresh air in, 
  * soil quality, 
  * humidity, 
  * temperature, 
  * keeping the ` night ' cycle as dark as possible during flowering, 
  * switching to flowering at the right time, 
  * harvesting at the right time, 
  oh , one more . 
  do you use 18h on/6h off for your veg cycle ? 
  glad to hear it !, 
  how do you feel about the kids contacting you ? 
  many years ago , i came to realise that there 's really nothing special about `` new '' music . 
  although , very occasionally , we get to witness the start of something truly new , most of the time popular music goes around in circles . 
  since then , i 've all but given up on `` new '' stuff and instead disappeared down many surprisingly fulfilling tangential paths . 
  i do n't have any problem with new music , and will happily give anything a chance , but i no longer consider it important to stay abreast of what 's being released - if it 's good , i 'll get to it eventually . 
  pretty sure this is exactly the opposite of what you want to hear , but when i realised this , it was somewhat revolutionary , 
  that looks ace . 
  i 'm going to have to try . 
  microwaved edam cheese . 
  take a chunk ( 1-1 .5 cm thick ) , throw it on the microwave turntable and nuke it for like 20 seconds ( until the very outside has gone slightly burnt , but the inside is still relatively solid ) . 
  stab the centre with a knife and pull it out and eat . 
  be warned , although edam is a reasonably mild cheese , once heated it has a very powerful smell . 
  how is that unusual ? 
  i eat scrambled eggs with ketchup regularly , seems pretty normal to me . . 
  straight couples use lube ? 
  occasionally ? 
  most of the time ? 
  what for ?
