  i ran into her randomly in town one weekend some months later ( i did n't recognise her , she had to prompt me ) , we had a brief chat and she practically forced me to take two quid for the sandwich . 
  apparently she * was * trying to scrounge up money for drugs at the time ( she did n't specify what ) , but had since sorted herself out . 
  i do n't delude myself thinking that the generous offer of a sandwich is what turned her life around , but at least i did n't make matters worse by allowing her to buy more drugs . 
  so , yeah , i do n't like giving people money , but that does n't mean you ca n't help . 
  that said , i once bought a sandwich for a chap who was begging on the highstreet , but he turned his nose up at my cheese and pickle offering because , i quote , `` ugh !, 
  i only eat organic !, 
  i would n't feed that to my dog ! '' . 
  maybe that 's why you 're scrounging on the street then you pikey fucker !, 
  yeah i 'd say 90 % turn me down , and 5 % are clearly thinking `` i wonder if i could sell it . . '' when i ask , 
  ( er , what are degs ? ), 
  why , thank you , kind sir . 
  i think . 
  probably . 
  er , what ? 
  okay look . 
  i 'm * all * for personal freedom . 
  i do n't think anyone has the right to tell me what i can do in my own home , who i can fuck or what i can put in my mouth ( or any of my other orifices , for that matter ) . 
  however . 
  addiction is different . 
  when you 're addicted to something , the rules change . 
  you are no longer doing it of your own free will , you just think you are . 
  you 're at the mercy of your brain chemistry . 
  tobacco is particularly bad because not only does it `` subvert '' your free will , it 's very destructive to not only your own body , and those around you too . 
  ( how many of the people that are `` outraged '' about the government interfering with their `` right to smoke '' have kids ? 
  what about those kids ' right to not breathe smoke ? ), 
  which is why , despite being a smoker , i 'll support pretty much any restrictions placed on the sale or use of tobacco . 
  even if that includes a complete ban . 
  ugh i can not stand keyboards with keys in stupid places !, 
  why do keyboard manufacturers insist on < fingerquotes  innovating < / fingerquotes  ?!, 
  do they not realise that people learn where the keys are ? 
  annoys the shit out of me . 
  both logitech and microsoft have started doing crazy things with the ins/del/home / end/pgup/pgdn key block . 
  why !, 
  i use the damn insert key !, 
  put it back !, 
  shift + insert for pasting into terminal windows , where ctrl + v means something else . 
  works elsewhere too . . 
  no , in theory i do not think that . 
  but in practice i believe it 's really the only sensible way to deal with the problems . 
  right . 
  bear with me . 
  in principle , if you 're in a position to smoke without bothering other people , then i have absolutely no objection to that whatsoever . 
  i fully believe that you 're free to do whatever you want with your body . 
  it is , after all , yours . 
  on the other hand , i * do * feel that addiction is a serious problem . 
  once you 're addicted , i do not believe that your free will is actually all that free . 
  as i said before , you 're at the mercy of your brain chemistry . 
  it 's not really tobacco that 's the problem . 
  it 's addicition . 
  but it 's very very difficult to legislate against , or prevent , addiction . 
  you could certainly punish people for becoming addicted ( or better , help them quit ) , but i do n't think that 's really the best way to deal with it . 
  tobacco , as i 'm sure you 're aware , is very addictive , has few positive uses aside from satisfying cravings , and is very bad for your health ( and potentially the health of those around you ) . 
  if it went away entirely , i do n't think we 'd be losing much , at least not compared to what we 'd gain . 
  you and i would no longer be able to enjoy a smoke , but considerably fewer people would die of horrible , crippling diseases . 
  fair trade in my opinion . 
  i am a smoker myself . 
  if tobacco were banned entirely i would certainly have a hard time dealing with it ( and may even change my point of view - addiction is hard ! ) . 
  but morally speaking , i 'd have to support a ban . 
  and i * certainly * think anything we can do to prevent people from starting smoking in the future is a good thing . 
  edit : well , you 're certainly welcome to downvote me , but i 'd appreciate it if you replied and explained why you disagree . 
  of course if you think it 's just a bad comment , then downvote away , 
  i do agree with you . 
  but again the problem is the addiction , not tobacco itself . 
  addiction is what prompts people to smoke around kids when they know it 's unfair for them to do so . 
  and although many smokers are indeed polite , it still happens . 
  because addiction is stronger than social niceties . 
  if it was n't for the addiction , then i 'd have absolutely no problem whatsoever with tobacco ( but i do question whether * anyone * would smoke regularly if it was n't addictive ) . 
  one of the reasons i enjoy web design is that it is a delicate balance between creativity and engineering . 
  a great web designer excels at both . 
  if your work means your clients lose 5-30 % of their potential customers because you do n't like debugging ie6 , then you fail at the engineering part , 
  reddit likes php , it seems . 
  in terms of web development , php * is * the fast-but-horrible option . . 
  are you saying `` i 'm sad because all the low-hanging fruit has been taken '' ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's the case . 
  programming ( in fact , most of computer science ) has evolved by progressively layering new stuff over old stuff , each step making easy stuff easier and hard stuff a little bit more attainable . 
  i suspect you may be viewing the past with slightly rose-tinted glasses . 
  things that seem easy now , certainly were n't back then . 
  here 's an example : http://prog21.dadgum.com/29.html you have more potential to `` just get stuff done '' and ability to think creatively without worrying about the specifics of how the machine works than any programmer in history . 
  get to it , 
  one thing i do miss , however , and something i think that the world is much worse off for losing , is this :, 
  ready, 
  that , and that alone , is what made me a programmer . 
  i think the `` do n't copy variables unnecessarily '' point is a valid one , certainly with reference to user input - since you pretty much * have * to pass that through some sanitisation at some point . 
  in terms of the execution speed of particular algorithms , no it 's not . 
  but php programmers tend to shoehorn everything ( from sql to html generation ) into the same file ( maybe with an include or two ) , rather than being organised into well-designed nicely modular classes - which adds cpu overhead ( although greatly reduces programmer overhead  ), 
  so as long as the programmer manages to avoid the * very * stupid , it tends to run pretty fast . 
  ( php people : yes , i know * you * do n't do that , and i am aware that it 's perfectly possible to write well-factored and lovely code in php which cures cancer and saves the world . 
  but i 've dealt with a * lot * of php in my time , and i can tell you this much : * not every php programmer is like you !, 
  i 'm with you that echoing the returnvalue from striptags ( ) without putting it into an interim variable is going to avoid the problem . 
  however , i still think the point they 're making is a valid one . 
  that is , be mindful that the variables you 're throwing around could potentially be very large , and assigning these things to temporary variables as you process them could end up consuming way more ram than you expect . 
  they could certainly word it better , though . 
  absolutely . 
  but c is n't typically what one uses for web development . 
  dynamic `` scripting '' languages are more popular , along with . net and java . 
  mainly due to ease of development while still providing acceptable speed . 
  you just do n't find a lot of lower level languages used for web development ( that 's not to say c never gets used , of course , it 's just relatively rare ) . 
  in terms of raw performance , php does n't offer anything special ( in fact , when testing like-for-like code it 's often slower ) . 
  but because it ties directly into apache it avoids the overhead of an appserver , and the typical development model being `` throw everything into one script '' may be awful practice , but it does mean that php scripts tend to be lightweight and run pretty quickly - simply because there 's less code there . 
  but maybe more bugs ,
