  but all in it 's ~ # 20 ( $ 30 ) more than preordering from amazon , and i 'll then be waiting an extra week or more for it to arrive once it is released . 
  so i 've been trying to talk myself out of it , as come release day future-me will certainly be cursing current-me for being so damn impatient . 
  all those other things you listed ( possibly with the exception of the first ) are already covered by existing laws . 
  why the fuck are you making me look at pictures of ugly-arse emaciated children ? 
  iama boring and worthless human being . 
  ama !, 
  in addition to being boring and worthless , i 'm also sweaty and too lazy to wash it . 
   in a world where our appearance , and our performance of our gender , is policed in so many different ways , it 's important that one of the main engines of women 's representation -- that is , the fashion industry -- at least has the inclination to recognize a wide array of beauty . 
  yes , it is extremely important . 
  however that 's not what they 're doing , as evidenced by the picture of women that look like malnourished children . 
  bah , fuck you . 
  hmm [ st. brendan 's sixth form college ] ( http://www.stbrn.ac.uk/ ) . 
  many of us predate the trophy system . 
  i wish the slimy bastards would answer the fucking questions rather than just spouting whatever pre-prepared phrase seems like it might be tenuously relevant . 
  repeatedly . 
  until you 've forgotten what the question was about . 
  get paxman in there , he 'll sort the fuckers out . 
  the tone of this debate was markedly different to the first . 
  they were all clearly a bit nervous and far quicker to resort to cheap attacks . 
  cameron was very sharp , but he also ( somehow ) managed to amplify his weaselly characteristics . 
  he was very slick , but i felt as if the others were managing to expose some of his weaker policies . 
  whether others saw that too , i do n't know . 
  clegg was good , but unfortunately nowhere near as good as he was in the first debate . 
  seemed like he was trying to balance the `` good guy '' voice-of-reason persona with some cheap attacks , and i do n't think he pulled it off . 
  he snapped back at cameron at one point in response to a question about his immigration policies and i felt it really did n't work for him . 
  throughout the debate , i could n't decide whether brown was desperately trying to keep his job , or desperately trying to keep the tories from fucking the economy over . 
  but brown 's `` smile '' at the end !, 
  that shit 's gon na give me nightmares . 
  edit : my prediction : hung parliament . 
  i ca n't see the tories picking up a majority at this point . 
  cameron was pretty good , but not that good . 
  labour are just too weak , and the lib dems have been taking a thorough shoeing in the papers ever since the first debate ( fucking murdoch ) . 
  my hope is for an epic lib dem landslide , but i honestly ca n't see that happening now . 
  although it seems like it might be unnecessary at this point , here 's another vote for a joe blow sport pump . 
  had one for 3-4 years now , and it has been excellent . 
  solidly made ( big chunky plastic handle , and the base is metal ) , nice long hose and a reliable seal . 
  the barrel is a good size to get high pressures easily without taking forever . 
  if i somehow managed to break it , i 'd buy the same again . 
  what.cd is much , much better than waffles . 
  i have accounts on both . 
  it 's similar , but waffles lacks the organisation and interface . 
  while what.cd has ` artist ' pages , with all the releases grouped into year , release and format , waffles just has one big list of torrents . 
  what.cd is harder to maintain a ratio on , though , but seems to have more stuff . 
  mobile phones . 
  i ordered from amazon.ca on wednesday , and got a key this morning . 
  and yes , it worked immediately . 
  i 'm in the uk , though . 
  one of my canadian friends is getting a little present in a coupla months , 
  heh , there 's no way they 'll ever live that down . 
  the key i got from amazon.ca works on the eu servers , so , probably ? 
  * write that shit down * instead of explaining it repeatedly and at length to other people in endless meetings . 
  they can take their time reading it , refer back to it when they get stuck , and attack each part of the process without trying to hold it all in their head at once . 
  if they still do n't understand , then it 's a bit less awkward to ask for clarification ( and also they unwittingly volunteer themselves to update your process documentation  ), 
  sometimes . 
  it really depends what you 're talking about . 
  someone who understands both the `` how '' and the `` why '' of a complicated process is certainly the best person to explain it , but they do n't necessarily understand which bits need explanation . 
  that is to say , they understand the system in such depth that they often assume that concepts and ideas that are obvious to them are universally understood . 
  so while they 're certainly the right people to explain these things , without feedback from those trying to learn from them , they can be unsuccessful . 
  in open source communities , it 's often the new users that are best placed to identify deficiencies in documentation . 
  although they ca n't necessarily fix it all themselves , listening to their feedback and getting them involved in the document maintenance is an extremely positive step towards having high quality docs . 
  i agree , it 's a problem . 
  but something as simple as using a wiki for your process docs can save a huge amount of bullshit . 
  that 's what we did . 
  a few people did indeed have little tantrums about particular things as you describe , but they 're mostly solved by repeating `` it 's a wiki , if you 're not happy with the content , change it '' until they grasp that jumping up and down making lots of noise does n't help . 
  in then end it means that people who know a lot about a particular topic , feel strongly about it , or are affected by it will put the effort in to maintain the relevant docs , and the people who just want to do some bikeshed painting will , when faced with the prospect of doing some actual work rather than just complaining , eventually go away and bother someone else . 
  wikis typically do n't assign author information , just a list of those who have edited each page . 
  although you can dig through the history and find out who created a particular page , and even work out who wrote particular parts if you put in a bit of effort , most pages ( at least the important or contentious ones ) very quickly become an amalgamation of several people 's work . 
  so in practice it really is n't as much of a problem as you might think . 
  my last rental house had been refurbished just before we moved in . 
  the toilet seat had been replaced with one of those big , thick , heavy wooden ones . 
  unfortunately , it would n't stay up when you lifted it . 
  well , worse , actually . 
  it 'd look like it was going to stay up , but then it 'd fall down again . 
  the first time i discovered this was . . messy . 
  there was also swearing . 
  in the end i decided to work on my accuracy and learnt to piss reliably with the seat down without pissing all over it . 
  my dick is now like one of those fish that can spit at an insect on a leaf from 10 feet away . 
  that last bit may or may not be entirely accurate . 
  how do you get ` very hard ' ai ? 
  i can only see the ` very easy ' option . . 
  really ? 
  do n't you get wiped out by every m&m terran ? 
  fair play man , sounds like you 'd beat my standard m&m tactics at least . 
  i still have nfi how to micro them bitches properly , 
  there 's a coupla ways around that , but neither are particularly dignified . 
  one is to use your foot to hold up the seat . 
  that takes some practice . 
  the other i discovered while extremely drunk on a train . 
  stand with your feet against the back wall of the cubicle , lean forward until your head touches the wall behind the toilet . 
  hold seat with one hand , dick with the other . 
  a surprisingly stable ( if not comfortable ) position . 
  take it slow and have patience . 
  seed all your torrents for as long as you can . 
  i leave my what.cd torrents going constantly and it 's never been a problem . 
  thinking about it i very rarely even catch one of them uploading , but they must do - i 'm sitting on ~ 50gb uploaded now . 
  keep an eye out for freeleech events . 
  those are * amazing * . 
  if you spot one , go nuts . 
  they can , and they do on the web we use today . 
  doing anything complicated with flash will be pretty slow , and it 'll peg the cpu ( which is a problem on low-power mobile devices like the ipad , as that 'll just mean lower battery life ) .
