  so , yes , they 're cunts . 
  but the others are either cunts too , or pay cunts ; whoever you give your money to , a good proportion of it will end up in either vm 's or bt 's hands . 
  if i could find an isp that gives good-enough speeds that does n't involve vm * or * bt , then i would happily switch . 
  but that is n't really possible right now . 
  until then , i 've taken necessary steps to ensure i 'm not going to get busted for copyright infringement ( regardless of isp ) , and vm let me abuse their ( copious quantities of ) bandwidth with near-impunity . 
  best thing you can do is avoid the pirate bay and other public torrent sites and find yourself a nice [ private tracker ] ( http://reddit.com/r/trackers ) . 
  there are also some ssl/secure options for torrents , but depending on the tracker you might find it gimps your download speeds a bit . 
  staying clear of public trackers , although not completely safe , will certainly limit your exposure significantly . 
  god dammit , people , we do not talk about the-protocol-that-shall-not-be-named !, 
  even if i switch to an llu provider , i 'm still giving bt ~ # 12 per month line rental , and bt take a fee from the isp too . 
  even for a top-end llu provider package , around half the money you pay is going to bt . 
  non-llu providers are even worse , it 's essentially one step up from a reseller agreement ; you 're getting a bt connection , that almost-entirely uses bt 's infrastructure . 
  besides , i get through [ a lot of bandwidth ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1jhvb.png ) , and do n't live very close to an exchange . 
  i get ~ 8mbit on adsl , or 50mbit on cable . 
  while i 'd be happy taking that speed hit if there were a * real * alternative to bt/vm , there really is n't . 
  and i 'd rather have the bandwidth available than make a token gesture . 
  [ newzbin ] ( http://www.newzbin.com/ ) were taken down by legal action recently . 
  well , maybe . 
  assuming you switched off the circuit at the breaker , and it was the correct circuit , and the wiring is all perfect , and the socket is n't defective , and you trust all that , then yes . 
  personally , even in my limited experience i 've seen some crazy shit with electrical wiring ( live earth wires , for example ) . 
  for the cost of an detector screwdriver ( ie , not much at all ) , i would n't risk it . 
  getting a shock is no fun , 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/reliance-controls-thp101-non-contact-detector/dp/b000if9ka8/ref=sr_1_3?ie=utf8&amp;s=hi&amp;qid=1275544122&amp;sr=1-3 ) should do the job . 
  yes and no . 
  ipods came relatively late to the party , after there had been a massive gap in the market for a compact , good quality player that was larger than 256mb for a long time . 
  they did n't really do anything special with ipods ; several similar devices pre-dated them by years . 
  the only reason they did so well in the early days is because there was a huge demand for a * good quality * mp3 player . 
  their competition at the time was basically cheap chinese things by brands you 'd never heard of ( well , creative labs too , but they were n't doing anything significantly better ) . 
  cheap , reliable removable storage would have given sony the chance to get in on that emerging market long before ipods ever existed . 
  they already had the media , and the devices , all they needed was a hardware mp3 decoder and a usb connection that could write directly to the disc . 
  just to prove that there was a market for removable media , even [ iomega ] ( http://www.neoseeker.com/articles/hardware/reviews/iomegahipzip/ ) made good money with a removable-media-based player . 
  and they had no relevant brand , shitty technology ( the discs were 40mb ) , and no existing market for their discs . 
  sony had all the pieces ready , but they fucked it up . 
  later on , when ipods showed up , sony would have been ready with a solid userbase and a well-established brand , and when the inevitable switch to on-board storage came , they 'd have done much better ( they did make hard drive based players not that long after the ipod 's inception , but by then they 'd already lost the battle ) . 
  i suspect , if they had played it right , ipods may never have even existed . 
  [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/safety/rapex/pictures/hammer1.jpg ) is my absolute favourite multitool . 
  ftp is a real bastard of a protocol to set up with a nat router , simply because unlike most , it uses one port for the connection and then negotiates other ports the client can use to send data . 
  so it needs port 21 forwarding for the control connection , but also requires a block of other ports that it can use for data connections . 
  importantly , you need to tell your ftp server which ports it 's allowed to use for these data connections , or it 's going to get it wrong . 
  you might want to look into something like sftp , as that only requires a single port , so is much less painful to set up ( its also secure , which is always a win  ) . 
  the absolute last thing you want to do in a meeting is give people a big shiny toy to play with . . 
  elaborate, 
  clutches vary a lot . 
  some are very twitchy , some need a good stomp before they 'll do anything . 
  because your religion is based on fear and shame , which are both way less fun than that other stuff . 
  i have n't had a caps lock key for ages . 
  i used to pry them out ( they fly a satisfying distance ) , but these days i disable them in software ( or more often , remap them to alt ) . 
  the eject on my macbook pro is mapped to del ( ie , forward-delete ) , since it otherwise lacks such a key . 
  i think there should be a law allowing anyone to damage any car with an alarm that goes off after , say 10pm . 
  not only will this prompt people to fix their stupid twitchy car alarms , thefts will also decrease dramatically when thieves realise that setting off an alarm results in a dozen or more people tearing out of the surrounding houses wielding various blunt objects . 
  okay then . 
  yeahman , finding that is what prompted the first strip-and-rebuild mission . 
  i even took the pedals off and greased them , but clearly missed the point where they were rubbing :(, 
  i actually found a crack in the frame while trying to solve this . 
  fortunately the manufacturer agreed to replace the frame . 
  unfortunately , the noises were back within a day : /, 
  continuous variable transmission is a cool idea , but usually relies on complicated , expensive , heavy mechanisms that ca n't be easily serviced . 
  there 's several modern versions [ like this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvpjhmtthpo ) , some of which are actually fully continuous , rather than just varying the number of teeth , but i suspect their expense is the main reason they do n't tend to gain much popularity . 
  i 'm kinda interested in the concept ( as derailers seem kinda nasty in practice ) , but there do n't seem to be many that are actually practical . 
  closest is probably an internal gear hub ( which i 'd love to try ) , but even they are still not that popular these days . 
  they paid $ 1million for that algorithm . . 
  mine looked pretty much how you 'd expect a crack to look . 
  a thin jagged line running about half way around the seat tube where it joins the bottom of the frame , and partially through the weld . 
  should n't be too hard to spot if you actually check for one . 
  unless you 've crashed it or something , then i imagine they 're only likely to occur around the joins in the frame . 
  i noticed it while i was cleaning it in preparation for a ( fruitless ) mystery-noise-hunt . 
  well , working for a low-to-middle-tier webdesign/seo place is going to be very much like that . 
  95 % of your customers are going to want exactly what you described ; a good-enough design bolted into a simple cms , a bit of help getting the copy right , and a price tag that fits into their existing budgets . 
  most companies doing this stuff will turn away a lot of the more complicated ( or interesting , depending on your point of view ) work because it 's not as lucrative , and they rarely pay well enough to have staff sufficiently competent to do a good job of it . 
  so , if you 're getting bored and want more , you 're going to have to go somewhere else where you can specialise a little more in one area . 
  where you go depends on which parts you enjoy . 
  if you like design , then a higher-end webdesign place is where you can focus heavily on that aspect . 
  going freelance might work , but unless you 're a really shit hot designer , you 're probably just going to get the same kind of jobs you 're doing now . 
  if you 're more interested in the programming side , then , well . . 
  there are a few places out there doing application development for other companies , but that tends to be mostly `` here , take this woefully inadequate spec , and build a horribly complicated and badly designed thing for our intranet . 
  by next week . 
  '' , so i 'd be inclined to avoid that . 
  i think your best bet is probably a developer position at a company who run their own web application ( or are in the process of developing it ) . 
  this is kinda tricky to get right . 
  if you go for a position like this at a big , established company , you could very well be walking into a job where you 're constantly firefighting bugs in a huge , terrible , ancient codebase without ever getting enough time to do anything meaningful . 
  and that ai n't fun . 
  the most * interesting * work is probably to be had in small companies or startups . 
  their codebases usually have n't been around long enough to become too nasty , they 're unlikely to be bogged down in bureaucratic nonsense , and they 're small enough to change direction if necessary rather than ploughing forward with a doomed project . 
  but , startups and smaller companies are obviously a lot riskier . 
  just be wary of anyone using the phrase `` the next facebook/twitter/google / whatever '' , 
  if you know php well ( and i mean well enough to be able to build and organise large , complicated systems without it turning into an unmaintainable mess ) , then you 're probably set . 
  i 'm guessing your weak point will be databases ( since you did n't mention it ) , so that might be an area you can look to improve . 
  there 's plenty of companies in the uk using php for this stuff still , so you probably do n't * need * to go looking at a new language immediately ( though if you * want * to , it 's never a bad idea  ) . 
  you could go down the java / . net route if you want to get into app development , as these are a little more popular for that stuff than php , but stuff like ruby and python are still * relatively * rare in the uk . 
  i am too sickened by the prospect of an attenborough documentary being sullied in this manner by a chat show host to even think about it very much , let alone discuss it . 
  i will say this , though : go find a copy of life on earth , the 70s attenborough documentary . 
  it 's fucking awesome . 
  that 's . . really not that bad . 
  she clearly does n't have much in the way of computer skills . 
  like many older people she 's probably learnt enough to do what she needs and little past that . 
  but that 's cool , lots of people just do n't care very much about computers . 
  least she 's learnt something . 
  she was courteous , and explained her problem as best she could without getting angry . 
  the tech support guy was great . 
  he immediately worked out what was going on , tried to give her a no-effort solution ( `` it 'll go away tomorrow '' ) .
