  kudos to them for making such a sweeping change and sticking by it . 
  ( vista is a good counter-example . 
  it * was * a bit shit . 
  win7 is n't actually all that different , but in practice it 's far better ) . 
  that said , i do n't really have a problem with wp users wanting to keep their `` reveal codes '' option . 
  they * care * about what goes into their document , and they do n't want to resort to guessing . 
  which , to me , is perfectly reasonable , and i can understand why they feel word is a step backwards . 
  it 's similar to the typical evolution of a front-end web designer 's html skills : start off in frontpage or dreamweaver or something , slowly spend more and more of their time editing the source directly , until they barely use the `` wysiwyg '' mode at all . 
  eventually graduating to a text editor ( and maybe ending up growing a beard and learning emacs  ) . 
  maybe they could be convinced to use a different system that gives them low level control over their document structure ( like , i do n't know , docbook with a dedicated editor , or something ) . 
  oh , that 's right , they all suck , because we 've all been stuck with the untameable beast that is msword for the last 20 years , and few people have put any effort into developing alternatives . 
  the leads are weak ? 
  the fucking * leads are weak ?!, 
  * ** you 're weak . 
  wait , so , there exists homeopaths so incompetent that they failed at creating * nothing * ? 
  i just fucking wish they 'd have an option to render text using windows ' excessively-hinted font rendering . 
  it 'd actually be vaguely useful for mocking up web stuff then . 
  pretty sure it 's helvetica , a thin or light variant . 
  helvetica neue light would be close enough for me . 
  ( afaik arial does n't have lighter variants , and regular is just too thick ) . 
  my parents bought a sodastream 20-or-so years ago . 
  i wasted * far * too much time ( and carbon dioxide ) fucking around with it ( protip : fizzy milk * sounds * like a great idea , but all you 'll succeed in doing is covering yourself , the sodastream machine , most of the kitchen and part of the ceiling with milk . 
  which , if you neglect to clean properly because you 're 10 and have better things to do , will make the entire kitchen reek of rotten milk for weeks ) . 
  i can tell you this : you 're wasting gas . 
  there 's a limit to how much co2 you can dissolve in water using that device , and most of it will bubble out when you release the pressure anyway . 
  best thing to do is leave the bottle in there a few seconds longer before you release it . 
  i 'll admit my entire expertise is based on some * preeeetty * dodgy science , 20 years ago , so i may well be wrong . 
  hell , i did n't even have proper control groups . 
  you 're probably best off just ignoring me . 
  except for the thing about the milk . 
  i 'm right about that shit . 
   comfort . 
  riding to work in 0 degree whether and icy slushy roads must suck . 
  yes , yes that is really no fun at all . 
  but it does give you an excuse to buy some of [ these bitches ] ( http://www.benscycle.net/images/nordic_spike_uv.gif ) and ride around like a nature tamin ' mountain man , while everyone else is cowering under umbrellas . 
   who ever had a love affair with a jpeg ? 
  let me introduce you to my friends in c : \\ system \\ important \\ technical_stuff \\ definitely_not_porn, 
  dollhouse failed because of the lack of concept . 
  it was an interesting , but not nearly fleshed-out enough for a long-running series . 
  it also had some major flaws - for almost the entire first season it was extremely hard to do any real character development with echo , simply because of the nature of the story . 
  they tried , but it was too little too late , in my opinion . 
  well , that , and it was a blatant vehicle for dressing eliza dushku up in different skimpy outfits every week . 
  of course , i 'll watch that shit till the cows come home , but after a while the story kinda fades into the background , 
  i knew i 'd read some stats about that somewhere , and was just about to go looking for them , 
  i wonder if that takes compression into account . . 
  take a cheap , shiny-nylon covered sleeping bag ( the square kind , not the ones that taper at the toe end ) . 
  open it up and stick it on the bed , nylon-side-up . 
  you 'll still get a * bit * , but the vast majority wo n't stick , and you definitely wo n't get big ` nests ' of fur left behind like you do on cotton . 
  people use dashboard ? 
  i fuck around with it occasionally , but since discovering spotlight can do calculations , i honestly forget it exists most of the time . 
  i might use it more if i could crack open a widget on my desktop , but switching to an entirely different screen seems like more work than is really necessary . 
  no no no no . 
  this wo n't do at all . 
  what 's happening here is that the micro-vitamin enriching girlproteins in your mom 's shampoo are coming into contact with the horn-like man-deposits on your scalp . 
  this is causing them to inflame dramatically . 
  while occasional contact with micro-vitamin enriching girlprotein is beneficial to man-scalp , prolonged exposure can cause adverse reactions including but not limited to : spontaneous crying , an inability grow facial hair or fart in public , and a suppression of your natural instinct to drink beer and set fire to things . 
  get to the supermarket , buy the cheapest anti-dandruff shampoo you can find ( the less bullshit marketing ` science ' on it , the better . 
  supermarket own brands are pretty good . 
  head and shoulders will work , though ) . 
  use a small amount , slap it on , give it a cursory rub and rinse it off . 
  the entire process should take no longer than 30 seconds . 
  ( i 'm serious , the overly scented crap is not designed to be massaged into your scalp on a daily basis , and really will cause you trouble if you use it too often ) . 
  as in `` dress up in furry bear suits and masturbate furiously '' - like . 
  edit : and for some reason they feel the need to tell everyone about it , and * then * get all uppity when people laugh at them . 
  that is pretty fucking cool . 
  although i very much doubt it 'll ever happen , i 'd love to know more about it . 
  scaling a large site is a fucking difficult and extremely complicated thing to do , `` throwing money at it '' is often only a temporary solution . 
  i would n't immediately assume that slow performance means funding problems . 
  i 've often wondered whether manufacturers of homeopathic remedies even bother doing anything other than shovel sugar pills into fancy containers . 
  why would they need to ? 
  it 's not as if they 'd ever get caught , is it ? 
  same here man , pisses me off . 
  buy a bong , kids !, 
  [ these ] ( http://www.schwalbe.co.uk/c2-1073-marathon.html ) solved my puncture problems entirely . 
  they do a [ more hardcore ] ( http://www.schwalbe.co.uk/c2-1071-schwalbe-tires-marathon-plus.html ) version too , which are a bit more expensive , but i do n't think i 've had a single puncture in two years with the lesser ones ( i 've had a couple of flats due to shitty rim tape , that ai n't the tyre 's fault , though ) . 
  i 'm not convinced that complete independence is in anyone 's best interests , but it does n't seem like either are getting a fair deal as things stand right now and i ca n't see that getting any better with our current government . 
  but i 'm english , and live in england ; i 'm pro whatever-scottish-and-welsh-people-decide-they-want-to-do . 
  you only really have two possible upgrades : ram and hard drive . 
  1-2 gigs of ram , or however much the motherboard will support ( plug your model number into http://crucial.com , they 'll tell you what you can install ) will make a real , noticeable difference . 
  if you ca n't upgrade to at least a gig , i 'd probably give up on it . 
  reinstalling the operating system is also likely to help significantly , windows installs get really fucked up over time . 
  if it 's not xp , stick xp on it . 
  if you 're going to reinstall , it might be a good time to get a new hard drive . 
  you can still get old ide drives ( which , given the spec , is probably what it 'll have ) , and they 're pretty damn cheap . 
  just make sure you do n't fill it up completely , or it 'll slow down again . 
  depends if it 's ddr or sdram . 
  if it 's ddr , then he 'll be fine . 
  but , yes , sdram costs a fucking fortune now . 
  ( god forbid it 's rdram or some shit ! ), 
  you misunderstand adobe 's business model . 
  they make things like flash player and acrobat reader ( or adobe reader or whatever they 're calling it now ) * purely * so they can sell the tools to create content for those platforms . 
  if they did n't give them away , then they 'd have a tiny install base . 
  and if they had a tiny install base would n't be able to sell flash or continue to bloat the pdf standard with unnecessary ( and often exploitable ) proprietary features . 
  they ai n't doing you no favours , man . 
  until someone undertakes a proper experiment ( for example , locking her in a sealed observation room in her underwear so they can record this stuff miraculously appearing ) , then i do n't feel the need to explain it . 
  until then , i 'm going to assume she 's just a sad lady who wants some attention and has found a bizarre way to get it . 
  because even with 2gb of ram , browser memory usage is a problem for me , with both firefox and chrome . 
  firefox is currently chewing up 614mb , with three open tabs ( it 's probably been running for a couple of days , though ) . 
  thunderbird is using 156mb , and i 'm running a few other things in the 50mb range . 
  from looking at my task manager , i can see that the copy of photoshop i opened up this morning has now swapped itself out ( likely because of firefox 's memory usage - i have n't done much else since i opened photoshop ) .
