  should n't be too tricky . 
  my first thought is that ` netstat ` will tell you the ip and port of all your network connections . 
  a bit of trial and error to work out the right one should work . 
  you 're right that there 's definitely a group of hardcore extension-fanatics with dozens installed and a library of greasemonkey scripts for everything that annoys them . 
  there 's also a large contingent that use firefox because they 've been told to ( either by a friend , relative , or have just read enough to realise it 's probably a good idea ) . 
  but i suspect the majority of firefox users are like me and most of the people i know that use it - using extensions in moderation and only for things that are really important . 
  is chrome faster ? 
  absolutely . 
  it pimps along . 
  i continue to recommend firefox to those who ask because it 's ` good enough ' in terms of speed , but more importantly has fewer compatibility issues , decent ad blocking ( i know there 's an ad blocker for chrome , but it 's less effective and still causes ads to be downloaded , if not displayed ) , and lower memory requirements in general use ( ie , with a handful of tabs open ) . 
  that last point is a contentious one as firefox seems to have some issues if it 's been running a while . 
  but , generally speaking people seem to be doing okay with it . 
  maybe i 'll change my mind in the future if firefox gets worse or chrome gets better . 
  but even if i do , i 'll continue to support mozilla 's stance on free software and rejection of technologies requiring licenses . 
  i mean that an organisation ( that has an uncompromising stance on rejecting patent-encumbered technology ) can completely change the development roadmap of one of the largest richest and most powerful software companies in the world . 
  i believe mozilla 's stance on this issue is an important one , and if it plays out right has the potential to end monopolies such as the one adobe has with flash , and lower the barrier to entry for creating content for the web . 
  by refusing to license h264 , they 're * slightly * slowing adoption of html5 video , all because of a problem many see as theoretical or irrelevant . 
  but if they 're successful , having a widely-supported , patent unencumbered video codec will be a benefit to everyone - leading to more open source software than can work with video ( without the hassle of dealing with separate , non-free codecs ) . 
  more reusable code = more innovation . 
  you can get the same advantage by having a shit before you get on your bike , 
  it * really * bothers me . 
  like many other sites , the pyramids held great cultural importance . 
  slapping up a gift shop and a pizza hut seems vulgar at best , and completely ruins the experience for me . 
  a couple of years ago my girlfriend and i went to see stonehenge ( it was on the way back from visiting a friend and i 'd never seen it ) . 
  not only is there a road built right next to it , but there was the usual gift shop , etc. 
  even a roped-off path to walk round and look at it . 
  we paid our # 8 ( each ! ), 
  and walked around , but i found it impossible to get excited about it at all , despite the significance of the site . 
  on the other hand , we went to see a famous [ long barrow ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wayland%27s_smithy ) . 
  the site had been restored , but respectfully so - to get there from the nearest car park , we walked for a mile or so along [ the ridgeway ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ridgeway_national_trail ) . 
  there 's very little there in the way of modern intervention , just a gate and a small sign explaining what you 're looking at . 
  i enjoyed it far more . 
  attempting to commercialise these sites of cultural heritage may help generate the money to preserve them , but for me at least , it utterly ruins the experience . 
   if people are going to go see them , they need food , beverage , shelter , transportation , etc. 
  why ? 
  i gave the example of wayland 's smithy because that 's how i think tourist attractions should be handled . 
  there 's a car park a mile or so from the site , and nothing much there but a gate and a sign . 
   if you were a bit more optimistic about the whole thing , you might appreciate the area being roped off and understand the site rather than just go site-seeing . 
  i absolutely want to understand the site and its history , but if that 's * all * i wanted , then i 'd just read about it and look at photos . 
  visiting in person gives you a chance to imagine the significance these places held for the original civilisations . 
  that 's hard to do when there 's a mcdonald 's on top of it . 
  i know there are loads of people out there that think mozilla should just find a way to support h264 regardless , but i 'm happy they 're taking a bit of a stand on the issue . 
  i 'm sure it 's going to slow down html5 adoption , though , which is a shame . 
   i think mozilla is taking an anti-freedom stance here . 
  no , they 're not . 
  the policy they 're articulating here is that they wo n't write/release/support code that they think is detrimental to their goals of providing a secure , free browser . 
  their hope is that by ` pushing back ' on this issue , there 's a chance they can prevent the adoption of a patent-encumbered technology ( which will have repercussions for years to come ) , and hopefully prompt development/improvement of a free alternative . 
  software companies do this kind of thing all the time . 
  but the reasons tend to be things like `` we have that capability in the proprietary ` interactive ' web plugin thing we 're trying to push , so use that '' . 
  unlike other companies developing closed-source browsers , any feature you want can be added to ( at least your copy of ) firefox , if you 're willing to code it up . 
  the old click-your-fingers-yelling - `` gar\u00e7on '' thing is considered pretty rude . 
  even if you 're french and a guy . 
  nasty . 
  i hope they fix that . 
  are the handful of extra records they 're going to get from the few users who 'll bother disabling it actually worth angering the privacy advocates ? 
  and that extra toolbar button is just ridiculous !, 
  try one of the bsds . 
  they 're ( kinda ) like gentoo , but with , y' know , documentation . 
  nope . 
  they look very cool , the price is surprisingly reasonable , and i 'm sure they 'd be fun to use . 
  but no , because there 's only a very few situations when i 'd be able to use the thing . 
  it 'd be useful while i 'm at home , in the kitchen ( reading the morning news ? ), 
  or the living room , maybe . 
  but i have a computer and a laptop ( and a media player with a browser on it ) , so i 'd probably only use it rarely . 
  i ca n't see myself taking one anywhere with me , either ; if a phone is n't enough , then i 'll probably be taking a laptop . 
  situations where the phone alone is n't enough , but a laptop is overkill are pretty niche . 
  so that pretty much limits it to reading the web on the toilet . 
  now , if they could find a way to turn it into a `` home theatre control device '' , i might be down with it . 
  a media ( and web ) browser with a nice screen and the ability to control tvs and my mediaplayer would be pretty sweet . 
  absolutely agree . 
  ( but how long before anyone with a bit of a beer gut gets stung for an extra ticket on quiet flights ? ), 
  now with added sore neck !, 
  that 's not higher resolution , that 's just bigger . 
  silly sandal-wearing unix-beard . 
  the ipad is n't for you . 
  if sites that wished to use advertising :, 
  * made an effort to find things that are likely to be relevant to the interests of their readers, 
  * presented them in a consistent , non-intrusive and respectful manner ( ie , * definitely * no animations or javascript or flash , none of the stupid fake javascript links , etc ), 
  * did n't go ridiculously overboard with them, 
  * were honest ( ie , not trying to hide ad links as navigation ), 
  * did n't show ads at all if they have nothing relevant ( falling back on teeth whitening ads if you have n't found anything closer to the interests of your readership is not acceptable . ), 
  . . then i would be more than happy to stop blocking them , and even to provide them with advertising revenue when appropriate . 
  the problem is that most sites just do n't put much effort into it . 
  they appear to sign up to a random advertising network , and accept whatever random crap regardless of how relevant or annoying they might be . 
  a good example of advertising i consider to be honest and respectful is the occasional blog i read with affiliate links to products they 're mentioning/reviewing/etc ( amazon links being the most obvious example ) . 
  i have even gone back to sites i know have the affil link when purchasing something purely so i can give them the ad revenue . 
  there are a few sites that do seem to put in the effort . 
  reddit does ( or did , maybe ? 
  i blocked ads here when that horrible flash popup thing happened - just unblocked now ) . 
  stackoverflow used to get the relevance right ( although i do n't really care much about windows software so they were n't * that * relevant to me personally , but i appreciated the effort ) . 
  however , they 've gone nuts with quantity and obtrusive placement , so those are blocked now . 
  the fact that the images are inline tags , and they 're on separate lines means that there 's whitespace between them - ie , you 're rendering ` < img  [ space ] < img  ` . 
  that 's likely where the gap is coming from . 
  ` < img  < img  ` would work , or you can set them to ` display : block ` float them . 
  edit : disregard that !, 
  you 're floating them already . 
  have you tried making a test-case without any additional stuff in there ? 
  best i can tell , what you have should be fine , so i suspect you 've got some other css interfering somewhere ( a specificity issue , maybe ? ), 
  flash was and is a very popular system . 
  it was able to do a ton of stuff that would have been inconceivable otherwise on the web of 5-10 years ago .
