  possibly not under duress , but almost certainly under some form of contract . 
  that 's pretty fucking impressive . 
  i have to say though , that by excluding shading on either cheek , you do miss quite a lot of context ( ie , it makes everyone look a bit fat ) . 
  ah thanks for that . 
  i had a whole rant ready about these fucking hippies , 
  if it was a cracked executable , then you 're probably kinda correct ( in that it was an unauthorised derivative work of ubisoft 's copyright ) . 
  it it was a keygen , or possibly a patcher , then the copyright would , under the berne convention , automatically been assigned to them , regardless of its status as a `` dmca circumvention device '' . 
  because drm is at the very least a little inconvenient , and sometimes destructive , for legitimate users . 
  examples being the rather invasive starforce drm and more recent versions of securerom installing themselves as ( restrictive and not entirely perfect ) low level drivers . 
  but , at the same time , it does n't do much to actually prevent piracy . 
  so all it achieves is to make things harder for those who do pay for their games . 
  another good example is games that require authorisation from the game publisher 's servers - this means you need a working internet connection to be able to play the game and there have already been a few situations where publishers have either accidentally broken or deliberately taken offline the necessary servers . 
  rendering legitimately purchased games unusable . 
  holy shit , that thread 's even more angry than this one . 
  i 'm sure this will get downvoted to oblivion , but i ca n't let it go without addressing your last point . 
  i get that you 're pissed off with the situation , it 's totally understandable . 
  but i feel that taking the matter outside of reddit and attempting to fuck with someone 's livelihood is a little over the line ( it is , in my opinion , only a step up from posting dox ) . 
  now , if she were continually spamming or causing other problems , and the mods/admins were doing nothing about it , then fine . 
  at that point i 'd agree that * maybe * other measures are warranted . 
  but at the moment she 's clearly noted the community 's criticisms , she 's not posting anything , she 's had her mod status removed from the relevant subreddits , and we have n't really given the admins much time to respond . 
  the other stuff , fine , if you feel that strongly about it , then that shit 's all within the realms of reddit , so is fair game . 
  but i urge people not to try to fuck her or anyone else over in response to this . 
  dammit , i was hoping for porn . 
  * double * secret probation ? 
  it 's a * kinda * good idea . 
  in theory . 
  in practice , it 's just a sneaky way to encourage those who do n't understand the concepts or consequences ( ie , kids ) get into debt . 
  worse , to get them into debt for worthless `` digital goods '' ( ie , stuff in shitty flash games ) . 
  personally , i think the only lesson kids really need to learn about debt is that it 's a fucking stupid idea to be avoided as much as possible , only used when absolutely necessary on things you really * really * need or want , with lots of forethought and a solid plan to repay . 
  it might be good for teaching them that paying money for pretend things in computer games is a massive rip-off , though . 
  yeah , i bought one too . 
  not a fan . 
  i * fucking * love the touchpad in my macbook pro , not only is it the first non-mouse pointer-control-device i can use without wanting to kill anyone nearby , i find it 's almost on a par with using a mouse . 
  this is kinda what i expected from the magic mouse . 
  unfortunately it 's not what i got . 
  it 's * very * swanky , but unlike most apple gear , every swanky feature they 've added makes it harder to use than a normal mouse . 
  here 's my epic list of complaints :, 
  * the ` feet ' are n't flat ( slightly angled ) so it makes a lot of noise and is n't as smooth as it could be, 
  * the button is slightly harder to press than an average mouse button , probably to cut down accidental clicks . 
  but it 's slightly too hard to press when you want to click , and still too easy to press when you do n't, 
  * the left/right button clicks are infuriatingly easy to get wrong ( and end up left clicking when you meant to right click , etc ) . 
  biggest problem seems to be that you have to lift your left finger clear of the mouse to right click . 
  * the surface is very shiny and looks great , but it makes it hard to slide your finger on unless your fingers are completely dry ( slightlest moisture means you it ` sticks ' when scrolling ) . 
  a matte surface like the ( completely excellent ) macbook touchpads would probably have worked better . 
  * far too easy to click when you meant to scroll , particularly if you 're trying to scroll down a long page/document quickly ( but slow enough to follow what 's there ), 
  * even if your fingertips are perfectly dry and slide properly , the scrolling is n't very accurate, 
  * acceleration scrolling is very hard to predict - this is a particular problem with laptop screens that `` ghost '' a bit when scrolling o you end up having to scroll slowly , or stop every so often to check where you are . 
  a more predictable 1-notch-is-x-lines mousewheel setup is far easier to learn to use quickly, 
  * it 's so flat it does n't support your hand * at all * - gives me a slightly sore hand/fingers during prolonged use, 
  * it 's * very * hard to lift the mouse with the button held down ( eg , if you run into your keyboard , or run out of mousemat ), 
  * the sensor being at the top of the mouse causes some weird unexpected problems that i spent far too long trying to work out . 
  most people pivot their mouse around their wrist ( if they 're moving the cursor horizontally , the mouse itself moves in a slight arc ) , the sensor position makes this movement harder to perform reliably ( since it 's more affected by the angle of the mouse ), 
  on top of all that , there 's the frustratingly bad apple mouse acceleration curve . 
  i do n't know why they just ca n't add an option to do away with acceleration altogether . 
  it 's so much easier to use a mouse without it !, 
  i 've got a laserjet 4m + . 
  its previous life was printing direct mail for a company i briefly worked for ( one of many 4ms , printing almost continually for 8-10 hours per day , every day ) . 
  it was at least a few years old when i got it , its lived though several house moves , been stuck in a shed for 6 months ( over winter ) , and survived my cat throwing up into the fan vent at the top ( and my subsequent cleaning attempts ) . 
  it 's still going strong . 
  fucking things are indestructible . 
  cos they do n't want to get skewered by a wooden contraption put there thousands of years ago to protect the precious artefacts , duh . 
  it 's like you people have never seen temple of doom !, 
  left clicking scrolls one page at a time . 
  shift clicking jumps the scrollbar to the cursor position * and * allows you to continue dragging it . 
  if the page is n't very long , you can even shift + click on the scrollbar `` button '' itself and it 'll still jump to that point . 
  indeed . 
  came here to post that very same thing . 
  `` excessive cleverness '' * is * a legitimate concern . 
  it happens a lot , and it 's always a pain in the arse to debug later . 
  that said , your project manager * does * sound like she 's a fuckwit stuck in 1999 , 
  they do produce a very small amount of heat , not usually enough to be noticeable unless they 're in a really cramped space and under a lot of load ( we 've got a couple of servers at work that came with two ssds stacked together , they do get a tiny bit warm after a couple of hours of heavy load - certainly not enough to panic me , though ) . 
  as long as you 've got * some * ventilation , they 'll be fine . 
  sticking them in a normal pc case , even in an area with no obvious airflow will be fine . 
  if you 're talking about putting them in a completely sealed case , then you might have to think about adding a vent or two . 
  cnameing to a hostname that has mx records works well . 
  i 'm sure there 's some stuff that does n't support it , but most things do . 
  we have a few domains set up like that ( necessity , not choice ) for work . 
  they do work . 
  depends . 
  got ta do something with your life . 
  i quite like having a job , i 'd probably be doing similar shit anyway even if i was n't getting paid for it . 
  i used to have two 21 '' crts . 
  they were amazing , although my desk used to be rather blatantly concave . 
  and yes , i moved house with them , twice . 
  they 're slower , more expensive , and more reliant on having decent case cooling . 
  in fact i 'm not even sure if `` no fan to go wrong ! '', 
  is even a valid argument , i 've only ever had two gfx cards die . 
  one was fanless . 
  the other one died because it had a badly-soldered component that was holding the heatsink off the gpu . 
  it got so hot that the fan melted and was drooping down an inch or so in a horrible , melted twisted mess . 
  it was still spinning , though !, 
  ( and i got it replaced ) . 
  now , i 'll agree with that with reference to something like a bios . 
  but often , new graphics card drivers ( and to a lesser extent , motherboard drivers ) give you a performance boost . 
  particularly ( at least in the case of graphics card drivers ) in popular games that were released around or after your current driver . 
  however , it * is * often prudent to wait a little while after release in case there are any nasty bugs that need patching ( this is the worst problem i 've seen for a while though !, 
  to be honest , anything approaching 100 comments is usually enough for me to give up on it , unless there 's a particular comment i feel the need to reply to . 
  to get anything other than ignored in a big thread you 've got to be either * really * fucking funny ( which i ai n't ) , or make a karma-whore reply to one of the top comments . 
  it 's their property , the dude has no specific right to be there , only by their implicit invitation . 
  which has been revoked .
