  that means if i click on it , i 'm going to have to endure 30 seconds of grinding before i can start actually using it . 
  i have no issue with things using lots of ram if i make them do stuff . 
  if i open 50 tabs in firefox i fully expect it to chew up a ton of ram . 
  that 's cool . 
  my issue is that it does n't give it back when it 's finished with it . 
  chrome is a better model when it comes to ram usage and will return most of it to the os when it 's done . 
  but that model is more memory hungry ( ie , the limit to how much i can do at once before my system starts to suffer is lower than with firefox ) . 
  it 's rarely actually idle , though . 
  every time your system needs to read data from storage , it typically reads more than it needs ( it has to read in blocks , so unless the data you want is exactly aligned with the block it 'll read more than necessary ) . 
  your system keeps those read blocks in memory , using any space that is n't already in use by applications . 
  since it 's generally a reasonable bet that if you might need that data again ( or you might need other data that happened to be in those blocks ) , the os already has it there waiting for you in your spare ram , significantly speeding up interaction . 
  idle ram is n't necessarily wasted ram . 
  precisely . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but in this case it seems that anyone who cared enough to find out about this stuff would be able to do so . 
  it 's not exactly a [ secret ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/historyofthebbc/collections/buildings/wood_norton.shtml ) these days , anyway . 
  there 's an argument that the tone of the article could potentially lead some people to believe there 's something more interesting going on there now , which could make it a target for terrorists or something , i suppose . 
  but i do n't think it was misleading , just an interesting slice of history . 
  i really do n't think it 's the media 's job to worry about potential misguided terrorist attacks on what are now non-targets . 
  personally , i love reading about stuff like that and enjoyed the story . 
  i do find it a little depressing that it 's being turned into a retirement home , though . 
  my rhyme gland . 
  you broke it . 
  ] ( http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/chest ), 
  fresh sweat does n't smell of very much at all , the smell is all caused by bacteria . 
  so if you sweat in your clothes and then sit around in them all day incubating the nasties , then yes , you 'll smell pretty rank . 
  even more so if your clothes were n't clean to begin with ( as you 've just reawakened yesterday 's nasties too ) . 
  if you allow the sweat to dry ( thus not giving the bacteria a nice environment ) , then you wo n't smell very much at all . 
  clearly the solution is to ride to work , then spend the rest of the day naked , with your legs wide apart and arms up in the air . 
  you 're using text for images in html email ? 
  that 's a fucking terrible idea . 
  it either means attaching the images ( horrible for anyone on a slow connection/phone ) , or having an email that looks blank for most people until they explicitly choose to allow images . 
  worry less about making your designs pretty and more about making them accessible ; response rates on even a text-only email will beat those of the prettiest image-only email . 
  you can get tongue-and-groove chipboard flooring ( it looks [ kinda strange ] ( http://www.chipboardflooring.com/wp-content/uploads/tongued-and-grooved-chipboard-flooring.jpg ) as it 's set up to mesh on every side ) . 
  it 's cheap , and easy to lay . 
  but the boards are pretty big , so you might have trouble getting them into your attic . 
  if you go with this , though , you need to screw it down * extremely * well . 
  i 'm talking a screw every 2-3 inches along every joist . 
  otherwise it 'll flex and creak . 
  i ended up using traditional ( but cheap ) floorboards in my attic , simply because it 's the only thing that 'd fit through the access hole ( i can barely get my hips thought it , people in the 50s were skinny ! ) . 
  pain in the arse to install , and way more expensive than the chipboard stuff , but it looks kinda nice . 
  not that i ever go up there , 
  oh , do n't be tempted to cut the chipboard to get it up there ( unless you want to do the necessary measuring to ensure the joints are always over a joist ) otherwise it 'll creak and bend and be useless . 
  only works properly if you use full sheets and mesh them together . 
  i roughhouse with my cats regularly too , but it 's taken a few years for them to understand * my * limits . 
  i 'm afraid i respectfully disagree . 
  i do n't think they acted * too * unreasonably , since he was clearly being aggressive , but they really did n't give him much of a chance to comply . 
  he was clearly startled by the arrival of the cops , who pushed him away and shouted at him to get on the ground while he stood there looking bemused ( but passive , at least ) . 
  they gave him 2-3 seconds of hollering before the taser lands . 
  now , admittedly , if i were a cop , i 'd be tasering everyone who so much as looked at me in an intimidating manner ( but that 's mostly because i 'm a huge pussy , and why i 'll never be a cop  ), 
  tasers are n't completely safe , and they 're certainly not painless . 
  they really should have given him a little bit longer than a couple of seconds to comply ( he was obviously a bit shocked by their arrival ) . 
  but he was being a huge bellend , so i 'll let this one slide . 
  * this time * . 
   why are white drunk dudes compelled to disrobe prior to engaging in fisticuffs ? 
  to show off his unnaturally purple chest ? 
   cloud, 
  i liked it better when we just called it `` the internet '', 
  they 'd be better off spending their time and money moving code over to [ something ] ( http://postgresql.org ) that * was n't * owned by a company that has a vested interest in killing it ... 
  i see a lot of html emails in my job ( thankfully i 'm not working on them myself , though !, 
  ) , i can safely say a good proportion of the people producing them have n't got the first clue about what 's appropriate for email and what is n't . 
  ( i do find it pretty funny that everyone else in this thread is all `` no !, 
  use png !, 
  '' , as if the image format is the problem  ), 
  i can honestly say i saw only `` drunk fuckwit '' , but i 'll bow to your judgement ( even if it is kinda scary ) . 
  only four prototypes ? 
  god damn cowboys . 
  you say you 're * not * the riaa ? 
  carry on , then . 
  that 's more in depth than i expected . 
  turns out i 'm slightly to the left of ( and more `` libertarian '' than ) mahatma gandhi . 
  did n't expect that . 
  you 're right , of course , but the question is n't a bad one . 
  his participation in the democratic process is in the form of a vote , which goes towards supporting a particular politician/party . 
  so while it 's unlikely he 'll agree with everything , it 's not unreasonable to want to know which * best * fits his views . 
  well , i 'm a big burly manly man with a big burly manly beard , so i 'd probably do what all big burly manly men do when confronted with female sanitary products and run away with an `` ewwwwwwwww ! '', 
  as everyone else here is saying , find another job , * then * quit . 
  do you have any idea what to do with your life ? 
  any at all ? 
  right now , while you 're still young ( and have few financial and time commitments ) , is the time to put yourself as near as possible to where you want to end up . 
  many , many people in great jobs started out on the bottom rung working for shitty wages , and worked their way up slowly . 
  now , admittedly , you 're never going to get to be an astronaut by cleaning the bogs at nasa , but there are still plenty of jobs out there where experience trumps education . 
  working hard in a relatively menial position , while showing an interest in what 's going on around you is often enough to get you noticed , to get more responsibility and slowly build yourself a career . 
  smaller companies tend to be better for this than larger ones , but there are still opportunities in the right companies . 
  i 'm now a programmer on a small team , earning a decent wage . 
  i have little in the way of formal education ( just a ton of experience ) , but it all started with a younger , geekier , annoyingly curious me , and a shitty temporary warehouse job in the right company . 
  pick something you like , and fucking pursue that shit until you find a job somewhere interesting . 
  and then get the fuck out of mcdonalds . 
  brit here . 
  there 's something terribly brash and , dare i say , * uncouth * about the typical american accent that tends to put us on edge . 
  that said , i do have a soft spot for some of the more softly-spoken southern accents , but i 'm afraid that 's as specific as my untrained ear can be . 
  find time . 
  seriously . 
  i 'm lucky , my gf is as obsessed with her work as i am ( she 's a molecular biologist , i 'm a programmer ) and we both work long hours , but we still manage to find some time together here and there . 
  at the very least you should be able to spend an hour or two with her every day . 
  you got ta eat , right ? 
  only reason i even have an account there is to bypass the age restriction on some videos . 
  my theory is anything vaguely worthwhile will eventually end up on reddit . 
  i ca n't be expected to check * two * sites !, 
  because as a socially inept sad bastard , it 's much easier ( and more fun ) to talk to people when you 're both a bit drunk . 
  [ that does n't really apply at low resolutions ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qnkgp.png ) .
