  any big lumps will have air gaps around them that will burn unevenly and allow air to pass more freely ( meaning that the bits above them will burn better ) . 
  a good grinder is the key here , grind it up nicely , and get your bud to a nice even consistency and arranged nicely in the skin before rolling . 
  get rid of any twiggy bits , they do n't burn well and risk puncturing the paper . 
  tightness is mostly down to personal preference ( looser joints tend to smoke better - ie , each drag pulls more smoke and less air . 
  counter-intuitive , i know  ) , but the sweet-spot is pretty big , so anything but really loose or extremely tight will smoke okay if rolled properly . 
  as a general tip , the more moist your bud is , the looser you 'll want to pack it . 
  extremely moist weed can benefit from being wrapped in something absorbent ( like tissue paper , or even a folded sheet of paper ) for a few hours . 
  er . . it does n't ... 
  edit : sorry my fault , i already have http://tynt.com blocked, 
  edit ( again ) : disregard that , i suck cocks, 
  while i agree that spending our time solely laughing at the ridiculous beliefs of others is probably not the most productive thing to do , i 'm not sure what else we * should * ( or even could ) be doing . 
  atheism ( obviously ) is n't a religion , and there 's only so much mileage one can get out of discussing how something does n't exist . 
  to the vast majority of us it 's a completely obvious fact . 
  for example , how long can you discuss there * not * being a giant pink unicorn sitting in front of you before getting bored ? 
  you might say we should talk about evidence that supports our view that there is no god . 
  i would argue that a better place for that would be / r/science . 
  so what else * is * there that 's relevant here , other than pointing out the many and varied ways people 's religious views are wrong ? 
  holy shit . 
  how did that happen ? 
   whatever happened to just returning the cart after you 're done with it ? ... 
  many people do n't do it . 
  which is why supermarkets have to hire the gormless , drooling trolley-goblins to wander around and collect them . 
  edit : `` precioooooooous '', 
  ugh , javascript ` confirm ( ) ` popup spam ? 
  fuck you very much . 
  as i understand it , linux is n't strictly `` linux '' , sure that 's how it 's colloquially know , but it is n't the whole story . 
  linux as you and i know it is `` gnu/linux '' - the linux kernel with the gnu system utilities , which together form what we think of as an operating system . 
  bsd is an alternative kernel , but can use most of the gnu utilities ( and they often ship with a significant number ) . 
  the bsds ship as very similar operating systems to gnu/linux ( you 'd probably struggle to tell them apart at first glance ) . 
  i run freebsd , debian and ubuntu servers - they do pretty much the same job in similar ways . 
  so i do n't think it 's * entirely * unreasonable to have bsd-related stuff in / r/linux . 
  i suspect you were downvoted because your comment was mostly worthless . 
  like this one . 
  much like `` shit '' and `` the shit '' . 
  nothing much you can do but either pay or wait for them to decide it 's not worth anything . 
  unfortunately , since you contacted them , they know you care enough to pay at least $ 50 , so are probably going to sit on it for a while longer . 
  depending how much it 's worth to you , you might want to try something like `` $ 100 final offer ? '', 
  and then `` okay then , let me know if you change your mind '' when they inevitably say no , and hope they feel like cutting their losses at some point in the future . 
  bupa ( and other private health companies here in the uk ) work in a similar way to the us model of `` you have insurance or you pay the bill '' . 
  a few people pay for specific treatments outside of an insurance scheme , but the majority have some form of healthcare agreement . 
  your bupa cover is based on an insurance plan ( in fact i 'd be willing to wager your company got it as part of a wider deal with an insurance company - bupa are simply the service providers ) . 
  as such your pre-existing conditions are unlikely to be covered . 
  they will cover * some * of them , if you 've declared them up front and they agree , but the fact remain they use the same mechanism to avoid paying for expensive long-term treatment of many conditions as the healthcare system in the us . 
  but , i suspect because all private health in the uk is essentially a `` luxury '' , competing directly with the ( far better priced ) nhs , there 's only so much fucking-over they can do before they start to lose a significant proportion of their customer base . 
  i have witnessed how the bbc approach contracts and license agreements . 
  to say they use their size and prestige to negotiate more favourable terms does n't quite cover it . 
  their lawyers are hardcore , to say the least . 
  so i 'm not surprised that they 're delaying over contract terms . 
  if my experience is anything to go by , they 'll be demanding all manner of alterations to contracts before going ahead with any agreements . 
  they * are * generally reasonable , and are willing to actually negotiate rather than demanding things that would be detrimental to the companies they 're working with . 
  they 're not in the business of fucking people over . 
  unfortunately , they 're not in the business of changing the way other companies work either , they 're simply interested in getting better terms for themselves . 
  so i would imagine if anything does happen , it 'll be a specific contract for the bbc , and not affect apple 's existing policies . 
  yeah they had a special download link for people coming from the bbc site so people could download a free realplayer without having ( too much ) of the offensive stuff or wading through all the upsell attempts . 
  did n't affect anyone * else * downloading realplayer , though , 
  from the emails i can see , you were n't explicit about your desire to permanently merge pp into tdwtf . 
  you inferred that 's what you wanted to do , but then phil was reasonably explicit about wanting to continue his blog , and you never really addressed your objections to his plans until much , much later . 
  so , yes , a bit of a misunderstanding . 
  the `` real wtf '' here , if you 'll permit the term , is that your motivations seem to be based on having his content , but not wanting to promote his site . 
  you wanted his stuff , but you did n't want to assist a potential competitor in the process . 
  up until the point that this little spat started getting attention , he had gained virtually nothing , and you had several popular articles . 
  honestly , popular ( and essentially free ) content in return for a link back seems like a perfectly reasonable trade to me . 
  stop being a dick , and do it . 
  medicaid costs so much simply because the entire system is horribly corrupt . 
  that depends * entirely * on the nature of the injury . 
  given that the initial prognosis was amputation , i 'd say 70 % movement is a massive win . 
   we 're debating over hypothetical situations, 
  we 're not , * you * might be . 
  you seem to be debating based on the assumption that there 's some other piece of information we 're missing . 
  i do n't know what . 
  maybe you think the injury was n't that severe . 
  maybe you think doctors elsewhere would have done a better job . 
  regardless . 
  dude fucked up his elbow , and the nhs patched him up better than he expected , at great expense - 10 hours of surgery from a senior surgeon ai n't cheap ( particularly if it 's unclear whether it will succeed or not , but now i 'm assuming things so we 'll leave that ) . 
  sounds like a win to me . 
  in my opinion , the right thing to do here is :, 
  * stop using the name for new articles, 
  * leave the name on the old ones, 
  * put a link on old articles bearing his site 's name, 
  he was in this to promote his site , you were in it to get good content . 
  you 've walked away with the content , but he has nothing in return ( current publicity excepted ) . 
  this would cost you nothing but a few minutes of time , and be a nice , if belated , gesture . 
  hells , it 's just a decent thing to do . 
  do n't lump this in with other crystal-waving `` alternative therapy '' crap like homeopathy and the like . 
  parasites are known to suppress the immune system in order to protect themselves , and this is an extremely handy side-effect for those with powerful allergies . 
  i suspect the only reason you do n't see doctors using this treatment is because it 's a rather risky one . 
   the ruby community , according to some data i am making up , has the strongest test-driven development attitude . 
  while i love ruby , and applaud the community 's dedication to testing . . 
  i have a bit of a problem with that statement . 
  the perl community has had a `` culture of testing '' that stretches back way before ruby or tdd were fashionable . 
  the majority of code on cpan comes with a decent test suite , and every upload is automatically smoke-tested for you on a variety of platforms and perl versions ( you even get an email to chastise you if you fail to include tests  ) . 
  and i 'm sure perl is n't the only community with a similar culture . 
  so , ruby is great , testing is great , but i have trouble believing the ruby community are any better at it than others . . 
  fair point . 
  it 's something that bugs me , and i have no problem admitting that i tend to lose my sense of humour on the subject , 
  the perl community have been through this process before , and learnt a lot , so i find the `` we invented testing !, 
  '' * attitude risks repeating the mistakes of those that have gone before . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2820655318133882347&amp;ei=o_5msqkhhpz4raly-oj9cw ) has the right idea . 
  \\* i am aware that 's a bit of an exaggeration , 
  yeah , i do .
