  but i really do n't see why we should be careful with the word `` normal '' ( would you be happier if we used `` typical '' instead ? ) . 
  i agree that its meaning changes between cultures ( and even over time within a single culture ) , but that 's a good thing , and it 's still a useful word - a useful concept for categorising and understanding beliefs , objects , activities and indeed sexual preferences . 
  i 'm not trying to say that just because something is n't `` normal '' , that it 's bad or should be looked down upon . 
  so no , i disagree that `` normal '' is dangerous , or judgemental , or that `` everything is normal '' . 
  i 'd rather we embraced our abnormalities , and acknowledged that being different to other people is n't something to be ashamed of . 
  you 're not normal , and neither am i , 
  it 's very similar , and could even have been based on an in-game image . 
  but the polygon count and texture resolution are way too high . 
  i agree that it 's a very complicated word , but if i said `` i have a normal sex life '' , you could glean a fair bit of information from that statement , right ? 
  that 's a relatively useful use of the word . 
  even though it 's ambiguous , lacking detail and open to interpretation , it still gives you a good idea of what i mean . 
  i just think it 's more sensible to try to convince people that not being normal is n't a bad thing , than trying to convince them that wanting to be put into a latex vacuum bed is a perfectly normal desire . 
  and y' know what ? 
  wanting to be put into a latex vacuum-bed * is * weird !, 
  but that 's fine . 
  everyone 's a bit weird , or abnormal , or different in one way or another and i really do n't see what 's wrong with accepting that fact . 
  when i was about 17 , i had a job in the warehouse at a big shop . 
  one of my duties was to bring large boxed items from the warehouse to the customers at the ( typically very busy ) checkout . 
  one of several supervisors would call the back office , tell me or one of my colleagues what to bring , and describe the customer ( so i could approach them directly without having to bother the checkout staff ) . 
  one of the supervisors had drunk deep from the well of political correctness and refused to use any physical characteristics to describe the customers . 
  that meant that the big fat black guy was described as `` the man in the blue shirt '' , the woman in a wheelchair was `` the woman with a bag '' and the tall skinny white guy was `` the man with the jeans on '' . 
  this one time , i was watching a film at the cinema , and i really needed a piss . 
  i held it . 
  you probably do n't need to think about this for your very first job , but keep it in mind :, 
  if you have an interest , or a skill , or * any * idea of what you want to do - get a job with a company doing * something * related to that . 
  does n't matter if you 're cleaning toilets , getting in on the ground floor can be extremely helpful . 
  if you work hard , that can open a lot of doors for you in the future , or at least another job next summer . 
  also , small companies are more interesting to work for than large companies . 
  large companies will give you stable work , predictable hours and maybe some benefits , but small companies often give you far more opportunity to do interesting things and `` get noticed '' . 
  some general tips :, 
  * if you have any hope of speaking to someone in charge , turn up in person . 
  * if you do n't hear anything back , follow up ( but do n't hassle too much ) . 
  if you spoke to someone in person when you applied , turn up . 
  if you did n't , well , turn up anyway , 
  * be confident . 
  if you 're not feeling confident , fake it . 
  seriously . 
  * practice your handshake . 
  sounds utterly ridiculous , i know , but it 's typically the last thing you 'll do before leaving - a limp handshake does n't leave a good impression !, 
  * you 're gon na get rejections . 
  keep going and do n't worry about it . 
  * easiest way to get a job is by recommendation - if you know anyone with a job you 'd be interested in doing , ask them . 
  i have often had the need to send a file by email from a shell . 
  very interesting . 
  although these days i have a little perl script for it ( which attaches it properly rather than uuencoding , which appears to anger my spamfilter somewhat  ), 
   i mean i could guess, 
  that 's kinda the point . 
  you could guess , and you 'd probably be pretty close . 
  maybe a bit off on the details , but you 'd get the general gist . 
  all from a short statement . 
  even someone who has `` done some very , very strict bondage '' has a good sense of what a `` normal '' sex life is , and knows where they stand in relation to that . 
  it 's a useful term . 
  the vac bed thing , well , you 're clearly going to be less shocked by that than the majority of the people here as you 've seen them before and maybe understand the psychology or desires behind it . 
  most people do n't . 
  in fact what you 're trying to tell me in that last paragraph is that `` using a vac bed is n't normal , even within the s & m subculture '' . 
  see ? 
  useful . 
  it does n't have to be offensive or belittle anyone . 
  my take on personal freedoms is that you should be free to do what you want to do , up to the point where you impinge on others ' rights . 
  gets a bit complicated in some situations , i 'll admit . 
  but it works for me as a general barometer . 
  drug use , for example . 
  i think that if you want to legally control something because it can have negative effects , you 're better off legislating against the negative effects , rather than the thing itself . 
  so for drug use that means i think the vast majority of recreational drugs should be legal , but because addiction is the problem , there should be legal provisions for forcing addicts into treatment when they reach the point where their addiction causes problems for others . 
  which seems more sensible than waiting for addicts to get * past * the point where they 've ruined theirs and their family 's lives , resorted to stealing or dealing or other illegal activities and locking them up ( since a functional addict is unlikely to get busted for possession ) . 
  good job , dudes . 
  i just bought a full set of wiha screwdrivers ( [ this style ] ( http://www.atr.com.my/store/images/wiha%20screwdriver%20set%202pcs.jpg ) ) . 
  they 're extremely nice to use , and i much prefer them to wera screwdrivers . 
  nothing beats having the right screwdriver for the job , 
  they 're cheaper ? 
   mine is shaving my face . 
  i hate it , especially when it 's cold . 
  grow a beard , dude !, 
  fucking best decision i ever made !, 
  * lowercase with hyphens for both ids and classes . 
  * lowercase with underscores for input names . 
  * sadcamelcase for js variables , camelcase for js `` classes '' / namespaces, 
  even when building complicated webapp interfaces ( my day job ) , that tends to work out well enough . 
  i 've used something akin to ( a decrazified version of ) 10goto10 's rather complicated scheme in the past . 
  as long as css is properly targeted and organised it 's usually unnecessary ( ie , a simple set of default styles applied to links , headers , tables , etc , and everything else targeted to class wrappers ) . 
  has its uses when you 're trying to shoehorn something new into already-messy css , though . 
  i do n't think they believe filesharing is * that * much of a problem . 
  the issue for them is the fact that it 's possible has gimped their ability to do certain things with their releases . 
  for example , they can no longer stagger release dates in different countries , they ca n't sit on a finished product for too long waiting for the most profitable time to release it ( else they 're risking it getting leaked ) . 
  and possibly most importantly , because filesharing is widespread and easy , they can no longer make as much as they would selling several different copies of the same thing ( i do n't know about you , but i feel no guilt whatsoever over pirating the `` director 's cut '' of something i 've already bought , for example ) . 
  btw , blockbuster are folding because of netflix and the like ( who are doing very well ) . 
  just because of this , i 've told several people that this film is shit and they should n't bother with it . 
  oh , incidentally , the hurt locker is shit , do n't bother watching it . 
  more interesting than that is [ piping random shit into / dev/audio ] ( http://somethingemporium.com/2007/05/dev-audio-cat-half-tone ) . 
  filesystems sound awesome ( particularly the stuff at the start of them , they tend to get a bit dull further in ) . 
  except mass media ads have no ability to discern anything about you ( and i assume those are what you 're talking about , unless you spend a lot of time on websites where the demographics are largely female , mothers or men with full heads of flowing locks ) . 
  this is an ad delivered via a browser - the information is there if they could be bothered to use it . 
  it 's not just any link !, 
  it 's a link with an animated ripple effect !, 
  noscript wo n't save you . 
  they pretty shit . 
  although not much of a surprise . 
  i know this is a good few years old now , but [ this ] ( http://drawn.ca/2007/11/27/vancouver-2010-mascots-unveiled/ ) is what is possible for olympic mascots . 
  troll attempt successful !, 
  right click drag .
