  something from trek 's fx line will work . 
  much cheaper than that and you 'll end up with crappy components that you 'll break . 
  a road bike will be too fragile , a mountain bike will sap power . 
  avoid suspension ( including seatpost suspension ) , it wo n't help much and wo n't adjust enough to be useful . 
  make sure you get something with a 36-spoke ( or more ) rear wheel , they 're a lot stronger ( higher end models tend to have 32-spoke wheels ) . 
  front wheel does n't matter too much . 
  as a big guy , as you get stronger you 'll be putting more force through the drivetrain than the average rider , so breaking chains might be reasonably common . 
  bikes with 8spd ( and below ) rear derailers ( will be labelled as a 24spd bike , assuming 3 chainrings up front ) have bigger , thicker chains that seem ( to me at least ) to be more resilient . 
  you will probably need to make some modifications to handle your weight . 
  if it comes with pedals that have any plastic on them , you 'll probably need to replace them reasonably soon . 
  i recommend big flat bmx-style cast aluminium pedals , they 're pretty indestructible . 
  you might also need to have the rear wheel rebuilt with stronger spokes , i went through a lot of broken spokes before doing that . 
  you can probably wait until you break something before making these changes though - but do n't cheap out and just get a spoke replaced if you break one , or you 'll end up paying over and over again . 
  good luck man !, 
  try a hybrid from a major manufacturer . 
  trek 's fx line , for example , has a model in most price points , is available in a selection of sizes and , while not being particularly optimised for any specific style of riding , will certainly be good enough to get you going . 
  as you get better you might want to upgrade to a road bike . 
  i feel like i recommend these things all the time !, 
  reasonable question . 
  there are two basic extremes of bike : those designed for speed at the expense of only being usable ( or at least comfortable ) on a very flat surface , and those designed to traverse any surface at the expense of speed/efficiency . 
  pretty much every bike falls somewhere on that spectrum . 
  well , there are touring bikes and fixies and recumbents and fatbikes and unicycles and all sorts of other things , but for most riding , most bikes fall somewhere between a road bike and a mountain bike . 
  road bikes are very fast , but you can easily damage one ( or at least have a less-than-pleasant ride ) on a rough surface . 
  they 're the f1 car of the cycling world . 
  mountain bikes can comfortably handle most surfaces , but are inefficient on the road . 
  they 're the humvee of the bike world . 
  hybrids are somewhere in between . 
  a typical family car , to continue the car analogy . 
  actually , hybrids are what bikes used to look like back before people started optimising them for one terrain or another . 
  tyres are thin enough to be quick on the road , but fat enough to provide some comfort . 
  the flat bar and upright riding position is more comfortable for casual riders than the bent-over road bike riding position . 
  they typically have a nice wide gear range to tackle anything from a fast descent to hauling a heavy load up a steep hill . 
  their brakes are generally very good , their frames strong and they 're usually easy to repair and do n't need any exotic components or tools . 
  best of all they tend to be great value - you can get quite a lot of bike for $ 400 . 
  basically , they 're a good balance that will work in almost any situation . 
  later on , when you know what you want from a bike , then maybe you can look at something more specialised to your riding style . 
  but if you do n't know what you want , then get a hybrid . 
  that said , you can do most things on most bikes , so if your heart is set on a road bike ; then buy a road bike !, 
  after all , what you ride is far less important than the fact that you ride , 
  no problem !, 
  try a manufacturer like trek , specialized , giant , cannondale , etc. 
  i 'd go with trek , but that 's only because it 's what i 'm familiar with . 
  i 'd strongly recommend going to a bike shop and trying some bikes , rather than buying from amazon , though . 
  they 'll let you test ride a few , give you advice about which to get and what else you might need , and having a relationship with your local shop is usually a good idea . 
  reasonable , but i imagine they 'll be pretty standard bits of kit in a few years . 
  not much in it that i can see in terms of components . 
  trek has an old-style quill stem , giant 's is the more modern type . 
  trek has slightly better shifters and brake levers . 
  this is n't really a quality thing , but the giant has sliiightly narrower tyres , which 'll make it feel a bit nippier . 
  of the two i 'd probably pick the giant , but not for any massively discernible reason . 
  i prefer the colour and narrower tyres . 
  the quill stem on the trek bothers me , but only because it makes upgrades harder , if you do n't plan on doing any then it 's no big deal . 
  bear in mind that the shimano tourney components on these is pretty cheap and wo n't stand up to a lot of abuse . 
  they 're not worthless , likely fine for casual fair-weather riding , but if you plan to do any serious miles or relying on it for any significant commuting you might want to consider saving up a bit or looking at used bikes to get better components . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  honestly i 'd hang a print of that . 
  eagles are gay, 
  i hate anus bottles, 
  mediterranean fish bar . 
  there 's one on abingdon road and one in marston at the bottom of headley way . 
  both pretty damn good . 
  unions . 
  i love the modern apple keyboards , i tried to learn to love oldschool mechanical keyboards for ages until i discovered i can type much faster on apple keyboards than anything else . 
  in fact i used one on my windows box for years before i made the switch to a mac . 
  supermarket bikes are pretty bad , and wo n't stand up to anything approaching serious riding or bad weather , etc. 
  if you expect it to be something you use more than a few times a year then get something by a proper manufacturer ( trek , cannondale , giant , specialized , etc ) , even if it 's second hand , and it 'll serve you a bit better . 
  do you have a budget ? 
  see , some of my favourite stories go on weird tangents just because it 's interesting . 
  the wire is the best example of that i can think of , it 'd often have scenes that did n't push the story at all , but instead just let you enjoy the world it 'd built for you . 
  we do n't call them `` perps '' here . 
  in my not-insignificant experience ( primarily watching british crime drama on tv ) , they 're called either `` villians '' or `` toe-rags '' , depending on the magnitude of the crime and the age of the offender . 
  my cat used to do that , so i stopped cutting the top off the bag , instead i cut the corner off and poured . 
  one day i caught him with his head in through the hole in the bag , shitting on the floor . 
  he was not the smartest of creatures . 
  my ex took him when she moved out . 
  i miss the stupid fat little bastard . 
  some overachieving bees up in this motherfucker, 
  hilos is only useful if it 's the only place that 's open . 
  try the half moon , it 's kinda `` wheatsheaf lite '' in terms of clientele , and open nicely late . 
  have you pulled the stereo out ? 
  it might have an input on the back . 
  well , fuck . 
  i 've seen that before , but just watched it again and cried harder than i have in years . 
  i think i might be lonely or something . 
  a handy guide :, 
  it 's pretty true here too ... 
  dude wtf !, 
  if you attack the leds with some sandpaper they 're much easier to see from the side , assuming you 're flying indoors . 
  this is pretty much the sort of thing i 'm looking at too ( and uk links , awesome ) . 
  did you order yet ? 
   always keep moving forward . 
  this is helping . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's s bit of a six-of-one situation , depends mainly on how good condition the used one is in , which might be hard to tell . 
  it 's not so old that the components are outdated or anything , so pretty much everything 's repairable ( besides the frame ) if it needs it . 
  i 'd say if you 're willing to maybe get your hands dirty with some basic repairs and maintenance , then the used one might turn out to be a bargain . 
  even if it needs some repair work you 'll still likely be quids in if you can do the simple stuff yourself . 
  if your plan is to just ride it , and take it immediately to the bike shop when something breaks ( no shame in it , bikes are just tools , not everybody is crazy obsessed  ) , then the new one might be a better shout as it 'll likely be more reliable ( at least initially ) . 
  hmm . 
  this has long been advice in / r/loseit , but i have to say i 've struggled .
