  some compact flash cards have decent performance , but cheap ones do not . 
  i suspect , to get like-for-like performance , you 'll end up paying more for cf cards and the raid enclosure than you would for an ssd . 
  that said , if you 're considering $ 50 to be too expensive , then a good ssd is probably outside your budget , i 'm afraid . 
  what 's wrong with a standard hard drive ? 
  modern drives are pretty reliable as long as you do n't get them too hot . 
  some reports suggest ssds are more reliable on the whole , but as i stated elsewhere , that depends on you not filling them to capacity and allowing the wear levelling to do its job . 
  given your budget , i 'd stick to a good quality traditional hard drive if you can . . 
  depending on what you 're doing , yeah , potentially . 
  that does rely on you having `` gobs of ram '' you 're not doing other things with , though , 
  yo i do 2 bro fkin dmbass fux cnt spl rite l8rs, 
  i prefer a vertical taskbar when i 'm on a dual monitor box . 
  slightly more effective use of space in my opinion . 
  in all seriousness , i do . 
  frustrates me no end when people send huge indecipherable walls of seemingly random letters . 
  most phones do n't make it easy though , six keypresses for a comma on my current piece of crap . 
  ridiculous !, 
  edit : seems the reddit masses do n't find that funny , 
  i have a coat . 
  it smells . 
  yeah , seems kinda odd , but then it 'd look silly with the time at the top , i suspect . . 
   queen elizabeth ii is the largest landowner on earth . 
  i know she 's let herself go over the years , but that 's a bit harsh is n't it ? 
  i fucking love that video . 
  even though it 's at least the second time it 's been on reddit . 
  they just seem to be having so much fun playing that , and they 're all obviously very different personalities . 
  * the guy with the guitar is clearly rather shy ( he makes a fuckup and blushes half way though  ), 
  * the double bass dude is concentrating * so hard *, 
  * the percussion chap is trying to look cool and nonchalant , despite the fact he 's got a fucking huge drum strapped to his chest, 
  there 's a bit towards the end ( about 2:50 ) , where it 's just the bass drum and the lead guy singing , when the guy with the drum catches the eye of the guy with the double bass and they have a little headbanging moment . 
  thankyou for posting it again , it makes me smile every time , 
  i install [ startupmonitor ] ( http://mlin.net/startupmonitor.shtml ) every time i install windows . 
  flickr 's do n't show up until you put your mouse over the pic , though . 
  which is almost-acceptable , in my opinion . 
  two points :, 
  i 'm no fan of companies using social networking as a marketing tool . 
  it makes me instantly wary of their intentions , and makes me feel dirty for becoming their bitch . 
  this is an interesting move by dell . 
  that is , assuming they actually do it . 
  ( and i would n't be surprised at all if this is just a stunt and they do n't . 
  i suspect their cheap windows licenses depend on keeping microsoft happy . 
  this ai n't gon na cheer them up ) . 
  edit : a lot of people seem underwhelmed by the implications of this . 
  you are aware that most people do n't understand the distinction between the os , browser , the internet as a whole , and individual websites . 
  if dell manage to actually do this ( and i 'm not convinced yet ) , then we 'll see a healthy increase in firefox use , and a decrease in ie . 
  that can only be a good thing . 
  it may even prompt other oems to do the same . 
  but , as i say , i 'm sceptical . 
  microsoft are well-known for using discounts on windows licenses to oems to enforce their choices , so it might mean a significant financial hit for dell . 
  so , dell , if you manage to actually do that , then you have my vote . 
  if you could also remove all the useless extra crap you try to dump on people , that 'd be great too . 
  he seems to be saying that , and that 's not what will happen . 
  it may solve a lot of the problems , though . 
  i ca n't see firefox becoming as easily-exploitable as ie is . 
  mozilla are much better about fixing stuff , and firefox automatically updates itself outside of the windows update process . 
  given that it 's open source , there are * probably * fewer exploits to find ( simply because anyone who wants to look for them has access to the complete source - who knows what 's floating around in the dark and dusty corners of ie 's code . . ), 
  well , they certainly did in the past . 
  i would n't be surprised if there is still some under-the-table shenanigans going on with big oems like dell , though . 
  the windows license is a big cost for dell , and ( unlike pretty much every other part of their business where corners can easily be cut and margins tightened ) the license is not something they can do much to change . 
  at least not without staying on ms 's good side . 
   i think this is semi-ok . 
  it is not really spam and not linked to some funky marketing site . 
  yeah , it 's just about approaching acceptable . 
  but it still makes me feel dirty inside . 
   my guess is that this is either a leak or just a way to gage the reactions should they announce it . 
  maybe , yeah . 
  if they wanted that i suspect they 'd probably be better off leaking it to a big tech site or something . 
  fuck knows , maybe it 's their attempt to be `` down with the kids '' , 
  the alternative you seem to be suggesting is to ship the os with no browser . 
  while that 's fine for you and i , the typical dell customer is going to scream bloody murder at their poor indian call centre helpdesk staff because their shiny new computer `` does n't have internets ! '', 
  or `` the google is missing ! '' . 
  * how do you expect them to install one ? 
  do you provide installers for the common ones and let them pick ? 
  * where do you draw the line ? 
  ( do you include lynx ? ) . 
  * how do they know which is which ? 
  * what makes you think they 'll pick anything other than ie anyway ? 
  microsoft 's marketing budget is waaaaay bigger than mozilla 's and anyone else 's . 
  well , except google 's , maybe . 
  the issue is that the vast majority of the world do n't give two shits what browser they 're using , as long as google , hotmail , youtube and facebook work . 
  not supplying a browser with a pre-installed machine is n't really helping anyone , and it 's arguably easier to pick one to install by default and let users remove it later if they want to change . 
  so , i do support the notion that system builders get to select which browser they want to provide . 
  it 'd be nice if they spent a bit of effort to make the choices more obvious ( maybe ship the browser with a default homepage that links to a few ) , but as far as i can see , there 's not much of an alternative to shipping the system with a browser . . 
  yes !, 
  i do the same , but i use edam . 
  cheddar is pretty good too , but edam has a wonderful texture when microwaved - the outside bits ` burn ' a little and go harder and chewy , the centre is still pretty much solid , and the bit in between is stringy and creamy . 
  mmmm . 
  i use a knife to eat it , too . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why it works , but it 's definitely the correct implement . 
  spoons are too cumbersome and forks get you nowhere . 
  although , ( and this is rather nasty , i admit ) i do have a tendancy to just throw a lump directly into the microwave onto the platter . 
  if cooked correctly it all comes out as one blob ( although sometimes it has crumbs in it ... ), 
  edit : oh and edam , despite being a relatively mild cheese , has an extremely powerful smell when cooked in a microwave . 
  also , the buzzcocks , the damned , the clash , the ramones , crass , subhumans are all excellent ` original ' punk bands . 
  some of the more modern nofx-style pop-punk is pretty good to . 
  i recommend the lillingtons , screeching weasel , the queers , the riverdales , etc. 
  i prefer the older stuff myself , but i can certainly see the appeal . 
  or , alternatively , a small child finds one of your randomly sprinkled firearms and shoots itself in the chest . 
  yay !, 
  are `` gun locks '' easy/convenient enough to unlock in the time it takes for someone to climb through a window ? 
  ( i have no idea what one might look like , so i ca n't guess ) .
