  `` five '', 
  : `` unknown number '' ;, 
  ( although that formatting does n't really work so well if your language demands parens around nested ternery ops ), 
  at work , we buy stuff ( servers , desktops , laptops , etc ) from them quite regularly and their pricing is utterly fucked up . 
  half they time even they do n't know what their own prices are , phoning them up often results in a completely different quote than one you can get from their website , and even on their website prices change depending on which bit of the site you start at . 
  it 's worth setting up a quote with them and then delaying a few days ( or even weeks ) to see what happens to the prices , then arguing with the reps until they discount anything that 's now cheaper . 
  saved ourselves a shitload of cash doing that , 
  see you in 2025 !, 
  [ vicious ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/vicious ) ? 
  or maybe you did mean [ viscous ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/viscous ) . 
  pretty cool either way man , 
  it `` works '' ( for some values of `` work '' ) because of the well-known placebo effect . 
  this is something that scientists are well aware of , given the scientific method exists essentially * because of * ( in roughly equal parts ) the placebo effect and experimenter bias . 
  if you want to market that shit as `` it does n't do any good , but it might make you feel better '' , then fine , i do n't care . 
  but claiming it actually has a chance of treating these things is just plain evil . 
  and worse , by endorsing these fucks , the nhs is validating them . 
  the vast majority of the various religious people that have bothered me over the years ( i like to bait them ) has some bullshit story about how them or someone they know has been ` cured ' of some random thing `` by the power of faith '' ( or some equally fluffy bollocks ) . 
  this is exactly the same . 
  if conventional medicine has no possible treatment to offer , then fine , whatever , you 're not hurting anyone . 
  but if there * are * conventional treatments , what magical placebo effect does homeopathy confer that those do not ? 
  furthermore , i disagree that homeopathy has ` done no harm ' . 
  how many people forgo traditional treatment in favour of `` alternative '' bullshit ? 
  ( i personally know of one . 
  so there 's one , at least . ), 
  i. . did n't . 
  my parents were vaguely religious , but only by default ; because they were expected to be . 
  if you asked them , they 'd say they believe in god , but church visits were limited to christenings , weddings and funerals . 
  that is , they were typical church of england ; a half-arsed religion if ever there was one . 
  as soon as i was old enough to understand the concepts , i thought it seemed pretty obviously bullshit and categorised it in my young mind along with the tooth fairy and santa claus . 
  my parents did n't seem particularly bothered by that view . 
  i attended a church of england school , but they 're pretty laid back as i mentioned , so it did n't really come up . 
  i learnt about the bible and a bit about the history of the religion , which seemed reasonable as a historical account , but it never really occurred to me that i was supposed to believe this stuff would have an effect on my life now - i 'd never seen anything to convince me that it was . 
  a few years later , when i was actually exposed to real christians who were actually talking about this stuff as if it 'd really happened , i was a little shocked . 
  yep , agree with this . 
  i 've seen dozens of dead motherboards , but the only dead cpus have been ones that have been obviously burnt out . 
  and i have n't seen that happen since the athlon days . 
  [ aye aye eye ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/04/images/050419_aye-aye.jpg ), 
  if you like sci-fi then you probably will . 
  it 's definitely worth a watch . 
  there 's plenty of ways to balance this thing without gimping some other aspect of the class , or adding restrictions that are n't immediately obvious ( or , importantly , things that are n't in keeping with the metaphor they 're going for with it ) . 
  for example , applying inertia so you ca n't get off it immediately until it slows down , and maybe even reduce turning speed , will mean you 're more of a target while riding . 
  that way it 's pretty limited to a ` teleporter replacement ' ( which seems to be how it 's intended ) , forcing players to dismount before reaching the enemy , or suffer extra damage if they get hit . 
  you could `` fall off '' if damaged while riding ( stunned for a bit and extra damage , maybe ) , which would increase the incentive to dismount early . 
  or , ( for added comedy ) , deliberately crash into something solid and incur a short stun ( no extra damage if not hit by a player ? ), 
  to avoid having to slow down and dismount ( that 'd need a good crashing animation to be properly amusing , though . 
  it 'd be worth the effort just to see heavies come hurtling to the front lines with their legs spinning wildly , only to splat into the nearest wall :d ), 
  actually i quite like the idea of inertia . 
  taking a bit of time to get up to speed would mean it would n't make that much difference on smaller maps , but it 'd give the heavy a bit of a boost on big maps when there 's no teleporter - a situation where heavies suffer quite a bit . 
  wow , thanks for the excellent high-res pic , shuttle !, 
  original xbox . 
  cadbury ( er , thinking about it , maybe it was mars . 
  some uk confectionery maker , anyway ) had a promotion whereby you could purchase an xbox for ` points ' ( and i think a small sum of cash ) . 
  after some swift maths , a colleague and i realised that it 'd be cheaper to buy the chocolate necessary to get the required points than it would cost to buy an xbox ( and we 'd both been thinking about getting one anyway ) . 
  plus , we 'd have a shitload of chocolate . 
  we procured a cash and carry card ( er , a members-only a wholesaler for small local shops ) for added discounts , and bought approximately our own body weight in chocolate . 
  after an afternoon of liberating hundreds of bars from their wrappers , we sent them off in the post . 
  we spent the money we 'd saved on modchips , which were installed in-between facefuls of random chocolate . 
  we both ended up installing xbmc , which became our primary means of watching tv . 
  i used mine almost every day for many , many years . 
  i still have it connected up to the tv , but have upgraded to an htpc ( with xbmc on it , naturally ) for hd content . 
  absolutely the best , and most well-used gadget i 've ever bought . 
  if you 're bothered by the cost of blades ( and they really are a [ massive rip off ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/razor_and_blades_business_model ) ) , try a [ safety razor ! ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/safety_razor ) . 
  i switched to one a year or so back . 
  shaving takes a little bit longer , i 'll admit . 
  but the results are far better and i suffer with far less irritation . 
  plus the blades are extremely cheap !, 
  why the downvoting ? 
  this is perfectly correct . 
  every nhs expense is billed directly and separately to each uk citizen . 
  in fact , i distinctly remember the bill for # 0.0000000001 for `` transport costs for montyjohnson 's grandfather 's cancer treatment '' coming through my letterbox . 
  it 's murdoch 's fault because he 's pressuring the tories to kill off the bbc so he can peddle his shite without competition , and the bbc are keen to show the impending tory government they 're able to cut costs and hopefully avoid being entirely killed . 
  i mean , probably . 
  6 music is exactly what radio * should * be . 
  that is , an opportunity to hear djs play music that you 've never heard of , without the constraints of advertising budgets or major labels . 
  i 'll be extremely sad to lose it . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.momentumgrooming.com/ ) looks like a good place to get that stuff in canada . . 
  bmps are a step up from the screenshots-pasted-into-word-documents i usually get . 
  i understand what you 're saying and i do n't see anything wrong with not automatically providing a psd . 
  but if the client requests it , and are willing to pay for it , denying them because you hope to gain more work later seems a little . . obstructive . 
  we do most of our own design work , and we keep all our psds/ais under version control along with source code . 
  for us , having only final images is ( almost ) akin to having only compiled code and no source , and allowing such situations just means potentially lots of work later if we need to alter anything . 
  if we ever outsource any design work , we generally make it clear up front that we 'll be wanting a copy of any and all source files on completion of the project . 
  we accept that this represents lost ( potential ) revenue for the designer , and is probably different to what they 're used to , so we 're absolutely willing to pay a little extra for it . 
  we have rejected designers for being unwilling to provide source files even for an extra fee ( twice , i think ) , but the ( few ) times we 've neglected to mentioned the requirement up front have n't ever resulted in any significant problems . 
  my recommendation is to be up front about it . 
  put something in your contract stating that they 'll get an eps for vector graphics , and a png or whatever 's appropriate for everything else , but no source files unless they 're willing to pay an extra fee . 
  as a client , i would n't see any problems with that at all ( unless you were trying to charge thousands or something ) . 
  this kinda stuff comes up quite often . 
  i 've been in the position of seeing a small company grow into a large ( ish ) one , and witnessed first hand the pressures placed on management from directors and investors . 
  the `` big secret '' ( although not that much of a secret ) that nobody wants to actually say to the rank and file is this : there 's a constant push towards making each and every employee at each level as interchangeable as possible . 
  a business that relies on highly skilled individuals producing exceptional work is simply not as `` attractive '' ( to potential investors or other companies looking to buy it out ) as a business that can take any random person with the relevant boxes ticked on their resume and churn out adequate work . 
  this is why there 's a constant stream of documents , processes , procedures and seemingly ridiculous restrictions and hoops to jump through to get anything done . 
  this is why middle-managers and hr departments care far more qualifications and certifications that anyone who actually understand the profession knows a barely-trained monkey could get . 
  this is why employees get shat upon from on high for doing badly or fucking something up , but those that go above and beyond the call of duty are rarely acknowledged by anyone beyond their immediate peers and management . 
  and it 's also why companies seem to do all manner of stupid shit that makes absolutely no sense to their employees . 
  i 'm not saying this is * good * thing ( personally i hate it ) , but it 's an unfortunate fact of life . 
  the end goal for many companies ( probably more than you 'd realise ) is to be bought out , and that 's a much more likely to happen if it 's the company 's processes and structure that constitutes its worth than the work of a handful of ` star ' employees . 
  however you feel about muse , that 's just bullshit . 
  `` sometimes lip-synched performances are forced by television for short guest appearances , as it requires less time for rehearsals and hugely simplifies the process of sound mixing . '', 
  from [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lip-synching_in_music ) .
