  i will discuss this matter with the leader of the brotherhood , through the medium of mime , as is their way . 
  as soon as this ritual is performed i will get back to you with their thoughts on the subject . 
  at least , i will as soon as i negotiate with the crack team of 17 sas-trained parking attendants for the release of my frankfurter-scented mime gloves . 
  i 'm afraid to say , i did n't understand a word of that . 
  my desktop is just a big pile of all the shit i 've been doing recently ( everything from stuff i 'm working on to shortcuts i 've dumped there ) . 
  i have two folders ( `` work '' and `` crap '' ) where it all ends up when i eventually get around to cleaning the desktop up . 
  not very organised , but it works well enough for me . 
  i 've given up on the ` start menu ' in favour of a little thing that lets me put nested menus into the quicklaunch bar . 
  i have one called `` places '' that links to various spots in my filesystem ( and networked machines ) , and one called `` programs '' that has links to everything i have installed . 
  the vast majority of the programs i use are available in a 3x4 quicklaunch area . 
  development work all happens on a server ( either the one in my house , or one of the many i use for work ) , all have a projects dir , everything i 'm working on lives in a dir inside that . 
  my homedir ( s ) are usually full of random throwaway shite that i rarely tidy up . 
  all the stuff i download ( music , tv , etc ) all happens on a fileserver dedicated for the purpose , and set up to automatically categorise everything and stick it in a vaguely sensible place . 
  i wo n't lie , it 's a fucking mess . 
  but it 's very little effort , and it works well enough . 
  i do n't lose stuff * that * often . 
  ^ that one ? 
  similar , but very amusing . 
  tell her most men have `` feelings '' for about 50 % of the women they encounter . . 
  seriously though man , i do n't know . 
  that 's a horrible situation to be in and you have my sympathies . 
  my first concern would be , depending on what kind of person she is , whether this is actually the whole truth . 
  she could be trying to find a way to split up without having to say it , she could be working up to tell you she cheated on you , she could even be trying to blackmail you into giving her the green light for some . . extra-curricular activities . 
  if you 're pretty sure she 's being honest , then probably your only option is to ask her what she wants to do . 
  baaah , no international shipping :(, 
  orgname : massachusetts institute of technology, 
  an `` ip locator '' ? 
  did you write a gui in vb for it ? 
  here in the uk , plastic surgery is often performed by the nhs ( ie , for free ) . 
  it 's rare for * purely * cosmetic surgery like breast enlargements to be okayed , but it does happen ( particularly in situations where there 's an abnormality or a psychological problem related to the body part in question ) . 
  i believe that sex change operations are also occasionally performed . 
  the poster 's operation sounds like it was to repair an unsightly scar . 
  chances are , if he were a uk citizen , he 'd have been able to get that done on the nhs . 
  aha , good work !, 
  i shall drop by and place an order then , 
   does that make sense ? 
  it 's not about money . 
  in fact , money should be completely irrelevant to any decisions about donor organ allocation . 
  there 's a limited number of donor organs available , and you 're no more worthy of receiving one simply because you have money . 
  the important point being : if you pay a ton of money to secure one , then * someone else will die * . 
   you are putting your point of view and as a result of that you deserve the insults . 
  he 's expressed an opinion that you ( and , i suspect , many people ) do n't agree with in an open forum inviting debate . 
  there 's nothing wrong with him having that opinion , even if many believe it to be wrong . 
  what 's important is that he 's willing to discuss it in an intelligent manner . 
  if you hope to change his ( or anyone else 's ) mind , then personal attacks are not the way to go about it . 
  very first paragraph :, 
   the government says it will ban all private transplants of organs from ** dead donors ** in the uk . 
  ( emphasis mine ) . 
  mmm , bacon soup, 
  who do you think gets more page views ? 
  jane fonda or delete ? 
  i would reason to bet jane fonda 's site gets more page views , actually . 
  i mean , i had never heard of delete until today , but i had heard of jane fonda . 
  the reason i bring this up is because at the bottom of her blog it says , `` wordpress design based on a design by delete '' and then hyperlinks directly to the delete site . 
  you ca n't ask for a better way to get traffic to your site . 
  think of the ad revenue you could pick up because of her plug for your site . 
  ( based on a comment by [ epiclogin ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/web_design/comments/96iqe/did_jane_fonda_steal_my_website/c0blozr ) ), 
  uuuuugh . 
  while i was waiting for that ( inexcusably ) slow site to load , i was thinking `` please do n't be a shoddy copy of ms office 2007 's ribbon crap '', 
  what is it with open source `` office '' software and the insistence on blindly copying every stupid thing ms does ? 
  back when the window/menu/toolbar interface was conceived for use in `` wysiwyg '' word processors , horizontal space was more of a problem , as monitors were very low resolution . 
  having to scroll horizontally is * far * more irritating than scrolling vertically . 
  this is probably the reason for the common pattern of ui elements above and below with only minimal stuff appearing on the left and right . 
  these days , documents tend to be portrait orientation , and monitors ( particularly widescreen monitors ) are landscape , with more than enough horizontal resolution to display the entire width of the document . 
  so now , vertical space is the problem . 
  which is why a large `` ribbon '' running across the top of the interface seems entirely braindead to me . 
  well , i 'm not sure if it 's even possible now , to be honest . 
  nor if it 's a situation that actually happens - most organs come from younger donors who are in reasonably good health ( apart from the nasty case of death , of course ) . 
  but , as far as i 'm aware nobody has mentioned any changes regarding organising donation before death if you want your organs to go to a specific person . 
  this is simply about banning organ donations through private treatment , as it 's currently being abused . 
  i can find something to love in pretty much every genre , ska , industrial , blues , cheesy rock ballads , folk , indie , electronica , gangsta rap , polka ( although , that 's not fair , everyone loves polka ) . 
  however , to my knowledge , i have never heard any `` rnb '' that was n't vapid , worthless shit . 
  if i 'm missing something , please feel free to enlighten me !, 
  yeah , this is just about one dumb bitch being awkward for the sake of it . 
  flash developer , perchance ? 
  the problem with `` preloaders '' is that nobody wants to sit and wait for 30 seconds while some designer 's overly-elaborate pointless masturbatory website loads in the first place . 
  because we all know that by the time it * does * load , we know it 's going to :, 
  * be orders of magnitude harder to navigate than a * real * website, 
  * have a ridiculous , virtually-unreadable ~ 6pt font ( silkscreen yet again ? ), 
  * play god-awful music at you ( and force you to hunt for the tiny ` stop playing the fucking music ' button they 've hidden away in a corner somewhere - if indeed they even bothered ), 
  * beep incessantly whenever you move the mouse near . . anything, 
  * disappear entirely if you accidentally hit the back button , and force you to start again, 
  * take at least 10 seconds to play completely superfluous transition animations whenever you click on anything, 
  . . and if you do make it through all that , it 's 50/50 whether there 's any worthwhile content in there at all . 
  preloaders ( and hopefully , one day , flash ) are pretty much just annoying and useless for anything that is n't a game . 
  i 'm so disappointed that the html5 guys were n't able to mandate a codec for the ` < video  ` tag . 
  without that , we 're going to have to live through a year-or-so of broken , incompatible implementations before the industry decides on something to use . 
  edit : and that 's if ms does n't throw a spanner in the works ( to protect/promote silverlight ) , or adobe do n't come up with some crazy plan to prevent it from happening . . 
  yeah . 
  we 're stuck with flash for a while : /, 
  my above post ( well , rant , let 's be honest ) was about preloaders and the people who think they 're an acceptable ui element for a website ; if you * must * have pointless shiny bullshit , * please * do n't make me sit and wait for 30 seconds extra to load it . 
  ( and the novelty crap some people stick in their loaders to `` entertain '' me while i 'm waiting does n't help . 
  i 'm waiting for the day when the novelty preloader crap needs it 's own preloader . 
  i may explode with rage ), 
  my problems with flash go much deeper . 
  i do n't believe that , on the web , a big binary blob combining both code and data is a suitable means to distribute content . 
  i do n't believe that a single company should be responsible for the specification and client-side components for rendering said binary blob ( particularly when they ca n't be bothered to make decent versions for non-windows/mac platforms ) . 
  have you tried it ? 
  fishfinger sandwiches are * amazing * . 
  buttered bread , a bit of mayo and ketchup and you 're good to go .
