  the only time i 've ever lost significant weight were when i 've been exercising consistently . 
  the only times i put on weight are when i stop exercising ( generally through injury - i have back problems ) . 
  however , the reason is not because of the calories i burn when exercising , it 's because exercise gives me the self-esteem and confidence ( and distraction ! ), 
  i need to avoid the binge eating that makes me fat in the first place . 
  a guitar . 
  i bust out a couple of songs when i 'm in there having my morning poo . 
  honestly it 's great for practicing . 
  i find it difficult to shit without it now . 
  i 'm with you that 2048 is immediately easier to get into , but once you get the hang of 2048 you can pretty much play without thinking . 
  threes has a lot more to it . 
  you can pretty much beat it with just up and left and a bit of luck . . 
  that dive-and-stop thing is pretty much a signature move with those 4-line rev kites . 
  admittedly this dude is definitely well-practiced and confident in his abilities to do it so close to a kid , but as you say , those kites are built for that kind of flying . 
  if you have a 2-line delta you can actually do similar tricks ( eg a [ snap stall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eur_mbgh2ga ) , it 's easier than it looks ) , but those 4-line things are built for that kind of precision hovering and spinning stuff . 
  the 2nd one costs $ 85 , the first one costs millions . 
  fans , propellors and to an extent wings ( particularly highly-optimised wings , eg on gliders ) are , in my opinion , some of the most elegantly designed objects of our time . 
  the overlap between aesthetics and aerodynamics can occasionally be absolutely beautiful . 
  this thing . 
  this thing is ugly . 
  do you mean it fell out of the sky when you got it directly above you ? 
  if so that 's to be expected because the sail is n't catching any wind at that point . 
  the place where the kite gets the most power from the wind is when it 's directly in front of you with the lines nearly parallel to the ground ( ie just after takeoff ) , assuming you have your back to the wind ( which you should ) . 
  power decreases the further away from that point you get and is basically zero directly above you ( or at any point where the lines are perpendicular to the wind ) . 
  keep the kite in front of you for the most power , move up or to the side to reduce pull in stronger winds or if you want to do some slack line tricks or something . 
  also flying the kite as far as it 'll go left or right is a good way to land , as it 'll eventually drop outta the sky . 
  google up `` wind window '' and you 'll see what i mean . 
  edit : now i 'm not on my phone , here 's a good illustration : http://i.imgur.com/ebg3kin.png, 
  that 's bloody interesting !, 
  i 've been mildly obsessed with getting tyres right , having slowly moved down from 40 + mm to 28mm , and settled on schwalbe delta cruisers as my favourite . 
  i assumed narrower would be better , but maybe not !, 
  you 're right about wheels , all three of the bikes i 've had in the last few years have ended up having their back wheels rebuilt by hand with better spokes - planned to do the same with this bike . 
  i have a system now , as soon as i get the first broken spoke , it 's straight down the lbs for a rebuild . 
  those look like great suggestions for the bike , i 'll take a look , thanks !, 
  my friend referred to tv remotes as `` the bastard '' . 
  as in `` where is that bastard thing ? '', 
  my sister insisted on referring to ketchup as `` keputch '' , after her first child called it that once . 
  i think she 's stopped now , but it took a solid two years . 
  i do n't think xl will be big enough for you , if you 're commuting by road the suspension will sap power . 
  but those are the only negative points i can come up with . 
  it 's a screw down spade connector . 
  like this : http://www.polevolt.co.uk/acatalog/30-630-195.jpg, 
  ... like milking a cow . 
  it 's all about the modifiers . 
  on a related note , i 'm a big fan of the '' - flaps '' suffix . 
  it 's good for the obvious `` twatflaps '' and `` cuntflaps '' , but also works with less anatomically-correct phrases . 
  `` dickflaps '' , while making no sense , is a splendid insult . 
  similarly `` badgerflaps '' makes no sense , but sounds terrible , and is an insult you can legitimately use with small children present . 
  i hope you do n't mind if i blatantly rob that and claim it as my own ? 
  270lb is fine . 
  i can tell you as long as you 're riding sensibly , you 'll have very little trouble . 
  any hybrid will likely work for you . 
  at your price point you 're gon na want to look at used bikes . 
  go for a good manufacturer , trek , giant , cannondale , specialized , etc. 
  you * can * go for a mountain bike or a heavy steel frame if you want , but cheap ones are pretty crap , and will feel slow . 
  a hybrid will get you moving much faster ( and easier ) and wo n't be significantly less comfortable . 
  most come with 35-40mm tyres , which is plenty of shock-absorption ( maybe even a bit too much once you get into it ) . 
  i 'd look for one with a 36-spoke rear wheel , as those are stronger - if you 're going to break anything it 's likely to be a spoke on the rear wheel . 
  if that * does * happen , get yourself to a bike shop and have the wheel rebuilt , then it 'll never happen again ( otherwise you 're likely to just keep breaking spokes and eventually ruin the rim or hub - which will work out more expensive ) . 
  maybe look at some more solid pedals as your strength increases as if they 're plastic you 'll eventually bend them and they 'll get uncomfortable ( i recommend the big flat bmw style ones , you can get them super cheap and they 're basically indestructible ) . 
  i 'm 263lb currently ( and i 've been heavier than you ) , so i have a bit of experience . 
  literally just walked in the door from a 20 mile ride . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  good luck , 
  yeah , it is . 
  except someone 's done horrible things to it and stretched some of the words . 
  looks like every photoshop layer effect ever . 
  there 's an outer glow , inner glow , satin , drop shadow , pattern overlay and some other shit on the go there . 
  just click buttons randomly in the layer effects palette and you 'll get something similar . 
  i do n't condone this horrible-looking shit , but you can replicate the effect by just going wild in the layer effects panel in photoshop , [ like so ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7frsaum.png ) . 
  can give you the psd for that if you want it . 
  you 'll have to promise to use it for good and not evil first though . 
  ooh . 
  pretty . 
  also rebellion are in oxford . 
  been there . 
  sometimes clothes are too much of a distraction . 
  it has to be just you and the bowl . 
  in my experience , dns services are bloody expensive i 'm afraid . 
  there are companies out there who 'll do it , but they definitely charge a premium !, 
  here 's a very reasonably-priced hammer drill :, 
  quality is n't too bad either :, 
  i love the shit out of this thread . 
  this is so cruel but so damn funny at the same time : http://youtu.be/_vfsl0igaus, 
  where do the tubes get punctures ? 
  around the valve ? 
  somewhere else ? 
  any commonalities ? 
  what size tyre , rim and tube are you using ? 
  does everything look right ? 
  is there rim tape and does it look like it 's correctly installed ? 
  are they any spokes protruding ? 
  should start with one single quote , not a double quote ( or two single quotes , whichever that is ) . 
  that 's a fantastic cover . 
  i 'm kinda with you , but the fact remains that a company 's directors have a legal obligation to act in the best interests of its shareholders . 
  most often the only common desire shareholders have is to make more money , so in most cases that means company directors are * legally * obliged to make as much money as possible . 
  but they did n't do that because they thought flash was bad or html5 was good . 
  they did that to prevent giving adobe a leg up and capture a hold on their market by allowing people to make apps in flash . 
  if they 'd have allowed flash then they 'd have allowed adobe a way to essentially build their own app store . 
  two monkeys in the bath , one goes `` ooh ooh !, 
  the other goes `` for christ 's sake gerald , just put some cold in '' .
