  but not always . 
  however the most important audience for best practice suggestions is novice programmers . 
  convincing them to avoid things that can get them in trouble , or lead to tangled , convoluted code is often far better than having a few bits of code that might be better with them . 
  i only * want * to make calls and send texts !, 
  and a monochrome screen is fine with me !, 
  seriously , if i could find a way to use one of the ( many ) old phones i have with a modern battery , i would . 
  i always thought my [ british-american slang generic colloquial greeting matrix ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/9cgpa/hey_brits_whats_up_with_your_slang/c0c9iob ) deserved a few more upvotes . 
  but who am i to question the whims of the karma gods . 
  in the uk , `` he 's a good geezer '' is perfectly acceptable . 
  you might be right about `` hi buddies '' , though . 
  being a brit , i lack experience with `` buddy '' , 
  that 's the problem , yes . 
  people are so fixated on the concept of the page fold , that they try all manner of crazy and often-irritating navigation in order to avoid putting anything below it . 
  in practice , scrolling is often the least annoying choice . 
  i 've dealt with the sorbs guys myself , while they are reasonably fair and are clearly trying to do the right thing , they tend to be ... let 's go with ` antagonistic ' . 
  but however they do it , * what * they 're doing is important . 
  i do n't think there 's anything particularly wrong with mandating that mailservers have hostnames ( and matching reverse dns ) that identify them as such . 
  it 's not a particularly onerous requirement , solves a lot of problems with exploited boxes sending spam , and they 're not the only people who ask you to do that . 
  edit :, 
   they insist that we comply with their demands , in the manner that they want it done and because we wo n't comply they will not allow legitimate emails to be delivered . 
  this is a basic misunderstanding of how rbls work . 
  the rbl * does not * block anything - rather admins use the lists to decide whether to block mail or not . 
  it 's a subtle distinction , but an important one . 
  it means that the rbl is only as good as its accuracy . 
  if server admins have to deal with constant false positives , then eventually they 'll stop using the rbl altogether . 
  less important than it once was , maybe ( mainly because of ` false positive ' problems like these ) , but not dead . 
  at least not a coupla years back when i last dealt with them . 
  although i suspect they 're running short on things to do , it seemed like their entire staff and volunteer contingent turned up to argue with me , 
  edit : you 're probably thinking of orbs . 
  similar ( and not just in name ) , but not the same thing . 
   . . does that mean he 's trustworthy enough to give that much money to ? 
  interesting . 
  although i think you 're post has merit and is worth discussing , the only way i can interpret the above sentence is as . . jealousy . 
  which is cool . 
  doug crockford has spoken about the `` good , not evil '' line in his licenses before . 
  here 's a [ video ] ( http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/theater/video.php?v=crockford-json ) ( skip to about 39:50 for the relevant parts ) . 
  and here 's a transcript of the good bits :, 
   so i added one more line to my license , which was : `` the software should be used for good , not evil . '', 
  i thought i 'd done my job . 
  about once a year i 'll get a letter from a crank who says : `` i should have a right to use it for evil ! '', 
   [ laughter ], 
   `` i 'm not going to use it until you change your license ! '', 
  or they 'll write to me and say : `` how do i know if it 's evil or not ? 
  i do n't think it 's evil , but someone else might think it 's evil , so i 'm not going to use it . '', 
  great , it 's working . 
  my license works , i 'm stopping the evil doers !, 
   audience member : if you ask for a separate license , can you use it for evil ? 
   douglas : that 's an interesting point . 
  also about once a year , i get a letter from a lawyer , every year a different lawyer , at a company -- i do n't want to embarrass the company by saying their name , so i 'll just say their initials -- ibm ... 
   [ laughter ], 
   ... saying that they want to use something i wrote . 
  because i put this on everything i write , now . 
  they want to use something that i wrote in something that they wrote , and they were pretty sure they were n't going to use it for evil , but they could n't say for sure about their customers . 
  so could i give them a special license for that ? 
   of course . 
  so i wrote back -- this happened literally two weeks ago -- `` i give permission for ibm , its customers , partners , and minions , to use jslint for evil . '', 
   [ laughter and applause ], 
   and the attorney wrote back and said : `` thanks very much , douglas ! '', 
   i think that if a group of atheists could get together and just come up with some really great soundbites ... 
  yeah , no . 
  that 's never going to help . 
  just as `` really great soundbites '' would n't be enough to turn * you * into a christian or a muslim . 
  and i know what you 're thinking : `` well that 's different , i 'm right and they 're wrong '' . 
  but those people all believe they 're right too . 
  people are doing , and have been doing that kinda thing since video existed , and it has n't made a lot of difference . 
  if anything , over the last 10-20 years it 's gone the other way , with a resurgence in not only christianity , but fundamentalism . 
  only way to do it is with a massive cultural shift in mindshare , and even then you 're not going to convince everyone . 
  and that 's a long , slow process . 
  well , no . 
  up until google deciding that they wo n't allow it on google code because of the `` not evil '' clause , i 'm not aware of it causing a problem for anyone . 
  possibly apart from some ibm lawyers . 
  besides , it 's his code . 
  he wrote it . 
  he can put whatever license he wants on it . 
  if you want to use it , and you 're not 100 % sure you wo n't use it `` for evil '' , then really that 's your own problem . 
  okay , i 'm with you that misrepresenting the license a piece of software is released under is definitely not good . 
  that absolutely needs to stop . 
  it 's no longer an mit license if you add things to it , so you ca n't claim it is . 
  and ( although you did n't explicitly mention this ) i do think that inventing your own crazy license just because you can is unnecessarily complicating things , and creating more work for people . 
  but plenty of ` big players ' are guilty of this . 
  but , misrepresented license aside , for me it still comes back to `` his code , his choice '' . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm just happy he 's released his code . 
  if he wants to put a slightly odd license on it ( one that is , for my purposes at least , free ) , so be it . 
  i do n't think that makes him an asshole . 
  a bit eccentric , maybe . 
  i * did * have this all sorted out . 
  the house we used to live in was just out of town , surrounded by high fences on two sides , and dense woodland out the back . 
  through the woods is a single path ( with walled sides , just about big enough to cycle down ) leading to a little-used pedestrian side entrance to the local university . 
  the first university building you come to is a mostly-abandoned 8-story laboratory building ( apparently it used to be a hospital ) . 
  the ground floor is used as food storage for the canteen , so food should n't be a problem , and there 's only a single , easily-barricadeable entrance . 
  not much in the way of weaponry , but given it 's a lab , there should be plenty of scope for explosives . 
  the path , and that area of the campus is almost always deserted . 
  i used to walk or cycle along that route regularly to meet my girlfriend ( she worked on-campus ) - zombie apocalypse scenarios were rather easy to imagine ( and i did it a lot ! ), 
  given the lack of people in an otherwise busy city and university . 
  our new house is terrible , though . 
  we wo n't last a day . 
  nowhere good to go ( certainly nowhere we could survive for any length of time ) . 
  there 's only one way out of the road we 're on ( houses are all backed by water and a big fence ) , and the area is heavily-populated so there 's little chance of making it out alive . 
  when the time comes , take one out for me guys .
