  save it until next year when you can buy a car . 
  buying things from a website you have n't bought things from before . 
  extremely disappointed that my government would do something so fucking ridiculous , if not particularly surprised . 
  it 's trivial to get a vpn service or proxy via a remote server , so it 's not going to change anything for anyone who really wants to get up to no good . 
  it just means yet more invasion of privacy for normal people . 
  that , my friend , is arial . 
  man . 
  i loved dragon age origins , but i just could n't like inquisition despite seeing it all the time here . 
  what did i miss about it ? 
  i prefer the underrated `` rumsip '' . 
  it 's actually a pretty good combo . 
  handmade in the uk , but $ 20 in international shipping to send them to the uk ? 
  please post update op , i need to know whether the shoe is glued to the balcony or not . 
  might just be me , but it seems to vary wildly per bottle , and seems to get less spicy the longer a bottle has been open . 
  one method to avoid this is to regularly clean your oven , but i prefer this :, 
  put the oven on 20 degrees hotter than you usually use it , let it cook nothing for an hour or two with the door shut . 
  by then it 'll have burnt off most of the nasty stuff and wo n't be anywhere near as smoky when you go back to using it at a sensible temperature . 
  she owes hmrc some vat money, 
  i 'll happily pay an extra # 5 for next day delivery , i can manage 30p extra for a first class stamp without feeling like a mug, 
  i really enjoyed that . 
  a really interesting take on a great song , beautifully performed . 
  i ca n't work out what 's going on with your voice , but i love it . 
  they do n't fuck about , i got a court summons because the account the money was coming from got cancelled . 
  get it sorted !, 
  never had a belt drive , but i have had a bike with an 8spd alfine hub gear ( until it got nicked ) . 
  i can see them being an absolutely fantastic solution for someone who just wants a reliable commuter and has no interest in doing maintenance themselves . 
  in my opinion the weight , odd ratios , lack of gear range and ( at least the impression of ) reduced efficiency are n't worth not having to occasionally give it a clean . 
  basically , i did n't like it because it did n't feel nimble . 
  it also may be a bit of a thief-magnet , although i have a sample size of n = 1 . 
  why are n't more aluminium bike frames anodised , rather than painted ? 
  the process , or the final result ? 
  many bike * parts * are anodised ( my hubs are , for example ) . 
  [ optima ] ( https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/linotype/optima/ ), 
  yep , one 's times new roman , the other serif is georgia . 
  and actually one of them * is * helvetica ( but the rest are arial ) . 
  do n't forget winona . 
  the trick is to get the bead into the dip in the centre of the rim . 
  if you can do that all the way round , pretty much any tyre will slip on easily . 
  here 's my method . 
  have n't found a tyre i could n't fit this way :, 
  * remove one shoe and sock ( trust me ), 
  * put the tyre on ( just one bead ) , align the valve at the top ( helps keep the valve straight if it 's at the top ), 
  slip the second bead onto the rim at the top ( should be easy ), 
  * place your hands at the top of the wheel , squeezing the bead into the rim and pushing down, 
  * run your hands around the tyre so you squeeze the bead into the centre and push it as far into the rim as you can . 
  * stop about half way around the wheel ( i.e. 
  when your hands are at 3 and 9 o'clock ), 
  * keeping everything taut , grab the rim as well as the tyre where your hands currently are, 
  * flip the wheel over , keeping as much pressure on the tyre as you can to keep the bead in the centre of the rim, 
  * stick your bare foot on the rim to hold it down , spokes between your toes ( or alternatively , start again actually following step 1 this time now you realise i 'm not joking  ), 
  * pull your hands up , doing the same squeezing and pushing motion, 
  * by the time you get to the top of the tyre , you should have just enough slack to pop the 2nd bead over the rim . 
  if it does n't work , have another go concentrating on getting the bead central and pushed in , and try to keep pressure on when you flip the wheel . 
  common mistake is having too much air in the tyre . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're male or female . 
  well , either way , i used to wear a lot of skater shoes ( dcs , vans , etnies , etc ) . 
  they have very flat soles , and the proportions ( and massive tongue ) make my ridiculous size 14 feet look a bit less stupid . 
  might help ? 
  to be honest these days i do n't care and happily wear shoes that boost my height a little . 
  when i was rather inebriated in texas i bought a hunting knife for $ 20 from a guy who had set up a knife stall in a bar . 
  carried it around all night , even showed a few of the door staff . 
  no problem whatsoever . 
  i 'm going to see them in london on the 25th :d, 
  it 's like the taint of the year . 
  thumb-detecting nutfucker !, 
  i know it 's not going to be a popular choice , but for me it 's got to be [ shellac - a minute ] ( https://youtu.be/xxzz0gncajc ) . 
  rice and whatever veg and meat you can afford , man . 
  if you 're poor , eat rice . 
  dude , your stuff is awesome !, 
  my asshole seems to have built up a tolerance , but the thing that still gets me ( and has n't seemed to get any better ) after eating some particularly strong chillies is a phenomenon i like to refer to as `` spicy helmet '' . 
  even with combi boilers they still recommend water temp at the tap should be 50-55 to ensure there 's no bacteria in the system ( which means you need it at the high 50s at the boiler ), 
  haha no . 
  i thought so the first few times , but those were sufficient to make me get pretty militant about chilli hygiene !, 
  . . up against the wall, 
  that 's a fairly awesome solution . 
  punish the company and shareholders , not the general public . 
  one of my old girlfriends after a night out asked me if i wanted to cum in her ass or her mouth . 
  i damn near came on the floor right there . 
  i 'm not entirely sure we all agree on the definition of `` hexagon '' . 
  yeah i get how a bi-hexagon socket works . 
  it 's just very obviously not a hexagon !, 
  fuck , i need to tidy my place . 
  photonicinduction ? 
  i can tell be the horrific 1970s carpet . 
  '' ... in the butt '', 
  barry the hatstand, 
  i bet there either used to be a sink there , or someone planned to put one there and changed their mind ... 
  recently fucked with the chain ? 
  metallic scraping sound in all gears , backwards and forwards ? 
  you 've got the chain running the wrong side of the metal tab/guide thing on one of the derailleur cage 's `` arms '' , move it to the other side and it wo n't scrape . 
  the bit in the middle of this pic ( it 's bent up , towards the camera ) : https://i.imgur.com/rqplv3p.jpg, 
  feel a bit stupid ? 
  yeah , i did too , 
  i dismantled the rear derailleur cage to avoid breaking the chain again . 
  worked , but i 'm not sure it was less hassle . 
  mosh made the * awful * wifi on a 20 hour flight vaguely usable , and thus saved my sanity . 
  oh it 's simple , they run on metric time and this is the result of converting their opening hours to imperial time . 
  thumb detecting everything fucker, 
  not likely in the city centre , even without bills . 
  try somewhere further out , hollow way seems to be the most recent inside-ring road sensibly priced area .
