  merging is n't going to work for shit with that massive pile of messy xml that gets constantly altered by the editor ) . 
  pretty sure that beats the shit out of `` track changes '' and email shit back and forth . 
  anyone got a link to a vid ? 
  i was stuck working and missed it . 
  yeah i found that too , and had the same problem . 
  working now , though . 
  yep got it , thanks . 
  was n't working until about half an hour ago , 
  they have open signups , do n't they ? 
  i registered myself 2 days ago . 
  edit : ah . 
  they hit the user limit and closed them again . 
  sorry chap , bad timing . 
  keep an eye out , they open them up relatively regularly . 
   why is it that you place your trust in doctors and medical professionals to responsibly administer one system of terminating human life , and not place your trust in judges and legal professionals to responsibly administer another system of terminating human life ? 
  that is a ridiculous argument . 
  the former requires patient consent and is done out of sympathy , the latter is a rather barbaric form of punishment . 
   is sending a wrongly convicted man to death more tragic than sending a wrongly diagnosed man to death ? 
  again , consent . 
  would someone who feels healthy opt to die because they 've been diagnosed with some incurable disease ? 
  i doubt it , and i 'm not sure any doctor would be particularly happy doing it ( or if any law , should it be made , allow for that to happen ) . 
  the people i 've read about that have wanted to die and been unable to had been afflicted with horrible diseases and at least part way through a nasty decline . 
   would not end up being applied more frequently in cash-strapped areas populated largely by minorities ? 
  that one depends on how corrupt your healthcare system is . 
  but since it 's back to consent again , i ca n't see it being too much of a problem . 
  ssds are far too expensive for domestic bulk storage at the moment . 
  if you want an ssd , stick to using it for your os drive and applications you use a lot . 
  then install some traditional sata drives for bulk storage . 
  or better yet , get a little fileserver and use that for bulk storage . 
  it 's extremely hard to estimate . 
  simply because the levels of writes dramatically differ between use cases ( and it 's writes that will cause the problem ) . 
  it also depends on how much data you have on the drive at any one point , as wear-levelling needs space to do its job . 
  a 90 % full drive will have problems long before a 40 % full drive , even with roughly similar usage patterns . 
  [ here 's a pic ] ( http://www.roadcyclinguk.com/news/images/catlike-whisper-hi.jpg ) for those like myself who have no idea what this is . 
  they 're pretty cool . 
   embrittlement, 
  perfectly cromulent . 
  i gave my rather abused commuting bike a full clean last weekend . 
  it was in a bit of a state . 
  last time i cleaned it , it ended up performing rather worse than when i started , so i was determined not to fuck it up this time . 
  stiff brush to remove dried mud from the frame ( there was rather a lot ) , and a dry toothbrush to knock mud and crap out of the mechanical parts . 
  that got it 90 % clean . 
  i used a damp cloth or a spot of degreaser on particularly stubborn spots ( but just a little on a rag , slightly worried about how evil that stuff is ) . 
  i degreased and re-lubed the chain , rear mech , front mech , pulled all the cables and removed the rust ( and re-lubed them ) , pulled the seat tube and cleaned/greased it and the saddle mounts , cleaned the brake pad crap off the rims with a damp cloth . 
  unfortunately , i was on the very last bit ( re-installing the front mech and giving the cranks/chainrings a wipe down ) , when i found a rather scary crack at the point where the seat tube meets the bottom bracket :(, 
   what evidence will you accept for `` consent . '', 
  testimony of witnesses ? 
  a signature on a piece of paper ? 
  ridiculous . 
  you 're suggesting that if ` assisted suicide ' were legal , it would be used as a way to bump people off for financial gain ? 
  we already have various systems in place to record patient consent for high-risk surgery or dnr orders ( which are basically the same thing with an added component of chance ) . 
  to my knowledge there has n't been a rash of people using those to commit murder . 
  if assisted suicide were to become a legal and legitimate medical procedure , it 'd only be licensed professionals that would be allowed to perform it . 
  and they 'd put themselves in a position where they could be prosecuted for murder ( or at the very least malpractice ) if they did n't make absolutely sure consent was recorded . 
  besides , the majority of the population carries with them every day the means to make a video recording , that seems like it 'd be a pretty solid record of consent . 
   what will be grounds for suspicion of involuntary assisted suicide ? 
  high net worth ? 
  a life insurance policy ? 
  expensive treatment without health insurance ? 
  missed payment to the nursing home ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  if there were a lack of evidence of consent as described above , then that would certainly be grounds for suspicion . 
  if the consent was there , then there would n't . 
  this is a stupid argument . 
  there are already many ways in which people 's consent could be recorded , and no healthcare professional is going to risk getting done for murder by performing a procedure like this without completely solid forms of consent . 
  that explains why i only get about 3 days worth of work done every week . . 
  it might do you some good to have a look at all the bike shops in your area and find one to suit you . 
  here , there are some staffed by idiots that sell cheap unrecognisably-branded mass produced bikes off the shelf , some that cater for the mountain bike/bmx enthusiast , some that have windows full of extremely shiny carbon fibre road bikes ( that cost about half my yearly salary ) , and one or two that appear to have been there forever and sell a limited number of rather boring-looking functional bikes . 
  that last type of shop i 've found to be by far the best . 
  there are two like that in my area and they 're both excellent . 
  i find they 're much happier to answer ( even rather stupid ) questions than the others , do n't overcharge for labour and do n't try to sell me things i do n't need ( even talking me out of buying things ) . 
  but , you should be able to ask pretty much any question in any bike shop without fear of them laughing at you . 
  the basic functions of a bicycle are pretty simple , and they should be prepared to explain what 's wrong and what you need to do to fix it in layman 's terms . 
  most shops should be happy to have a look at your bike if you vaguely describe the problem . 
  if they give you shit , leave and go somewhere else . 
  and as for your trousers getting caught in your chain , tuck the cuffs into your socks , 
  yup , they 're called [ bicycle clips ] ( http://www.thecycletrainingpeople.co.uk/images/products/cycle-clips-flo.png ) . 
  although i believe their original purpose was to hold the fabric up a bit so it would n't get stretched tightly over your knees ( back in the day , most bicycles had a big metal cage over the chain and chainrings ), 
  aye , that works too , 
  really ? 
  i honestly do n't see the appeal . 
  they seem rather , hmm , `` mechanically inefficient '' . 
  by which i mean there are several points at which the wheel assembly will be under more stress than with a traditional fork . 
  the point where the axle meets the fork , for example , would need to be very strong and rigid to prevent the wheel from deflecting towards the fork when under load . 
  that , to me , does n't seem like a sensible design . 
  while i can see others might find it aesthetically pleasing , the feeling that it could be designed more efficiently means it just does n't work for me . 
  but that 's probably because i 'm a fat bastard who 's ruined several bikes ( and many parts ) , so anything that looks a bit weak gives me the fear , 
  i am no expert at this , but i did it the other day . 
  here 's what i did ( advice is totally welcome , i mostly winged it  ) . 
  you 'll probably want :, 
  * a relatively stiff brush to knock off mud ( i use a brush from a dustpan ), 
  * maybe something smaller ( like an old toothbrush ) for fiddly bits, 
  * some grease for general lubrication of mechanisms , bolts , etc, 
  * some proper chain lube ( lots of people say phil woods ' tenacious oil , i ca n't get that so i use finish line ` wet ' chain lube ), 
  * some degreaser ( i do n't know much about them so i get bike-specific degreasers so i can be reasonably sure i 'm not going to dissolve everything ), 
  * plenty of clean rags . 
  * some hex/allen keys ( depends on the bike , but i can almost entirely strip mine with a single allen key , 5mm i think . 
  you probably want a phillips screwdriver for tweaking derailleurs etc ), 
  i usually take off the chain first , just cos it seems rather foolish to leave it on and get it covered in dry mud . 
  take it off ( if you do n't have a quick-release chain link you 'll need a chain tool ) and chuck it in a container with some degreaser .
