  well , quicker than that , actually . 
  you 'd have to notice someone climbing through the window , it 's likely to take you a second or two to process it , and then get up and get to the gun . 
  oh , and you 'd have to have a key about your person , 24/7 , in an easily-accessible place . 
  than , yes , maybe you 'd have time . 
  and some random kids probably would n't shoot themselves ( or you ) since they 're locked up . 
  maybe . 
   are you really so pathetic as to not even try to defend yourself ? 
  i find that rather offensive . 
  fair enough , and thanks for the info . 
  so , we 're into dotting steel boxes around the house , and wearing a key around your neck all day , just in case someone breaks in . 
  sounds a * little * excessive to me , but not * that * unreasonable . 
  i suspect it 's outside the budget of most people ( no idea what a gun costs , but i assume they 're not impulse-purchase-cheap ) , but that 's cool too . 
  and you 'd probably have to own the house , landlords do n't take kindly to tenants bolting things to walls in every room . 
  but , yes , if that 's what it takes to not be `` pathetic '' , then fine . 
  getting a dog might be a more practical solution , though  . 
  ooh although that 's still a problem if you 're renting . . 
   but nothing wrong with them wanting to buy a gun to feel safe, 
  i 'm . . not so sure about that . 
  i know that the redditors following this appear to * love * them some guns , but i do n't think it 's as simple as that . 
  if i had a gun , even if i knew how to handle it properly , i 'd still be shitting bricks , and i 'm not sure if i 'd freeze up , or just shoot anything that surprises me . 
  even if i was able to keep calm , i know i 'd have trouble actually using the thing ( can i shoot an unarmed intruder without going to prison ? 
  what about if they have a knife ? 
  i have no idea ) so i 'd be relying on them to run away if i pulled it . 
  and i know everyone else likes to think they 're billy big-bollocks and would immediately shoot anyone breaking into their home ( and get away with it ) , but i 'm sure a few of you would have the same problems i would . 
  but what if they do n't run ? 
  what if they have a gun of their own ? 
  i 'm pretty much fucked then , 
  i think i 'd rather get a dog . 
  edit : i do n't have anything against the concept of a gun , i just do n't think a family home is the place to keep one . 
  my parents live in a relatively affluent area , where most of the people commute to a nearby town/city . 
  it 's extremely common for the houses to be empty during the day . 
  over the last 10 years , there have been a huge number of robberies . 
  several people living nearby have been robbed more than once . 
  my mum reckons that at least 50 % of the two-dozen houses in the area have been robbed in the last few years . 
  mostly when the houses are empty , but there have been a handful of armed robberies . 
  for example , there was a tiny local post-office that had been there for 50 + years . 
  it was little more than a large shed attached to the side of the owner 's house . 
  that had been robbed 3 times in 5 years , the last time was an armed robbery by 5 blokes with shotguns ( you could n't even get 5 people inside that place , it was tiny ) . 
  the owner shut it down after that . 
  anyway . 
  my parents have always had dogs . 
  they have never been robbed . 
   i 'd need a fedora hat, 
  . . then you 'd have a new most-useless-thing !, 
  ( just kidding , fedoras rock  ), 
  my father is something of a fan of non-standard insults . 
  once , while trying to convince my sister not to swear , he said :, 
  * dad : `` why do n't you come up with something more interesting to say instead ? '', 
  * sis : `` i ca n't think of anything good '', 
  * dad : `` it 's easy . 
  try , uhh , ` zongle ... 
  dick ! ' . 
  i mean . . oops . 
  not that . 
  uhhhh ... '', 
  which , to my ten-year-old mind , was the funniest thing i 'd heard in ages . 
  actually lots of experience with a gun , zero experience pointing it at a person . 
  but having the guns locked up and unloaded kinda scuppers your `` by the time they 're inside they would be staring down a barrel '' claim a little . 
  i have electrical sockets in my house , yes . 
  we live in the uk , though , and the sockets here are much harder to do anything dangerous with than us-style sockets . 
  the live and neutral conductors are covered with plastic shutters , and you have to push something into the earth conductor before the live and neutral are exposed ( which is why the earth pin on uk plugs is longer than the others ) . 
  even if a child managed to expose a conductor and touch it ( without earthing it ) , the rcd circuit breaker ( which is a legal requirement ) would kick in as soon as they made contact , likely resulting in little or no injury . 
  have you watched it ? 
  advantage of the dog is that , chances are , they would n't break in in the first place . 
  this is the same sony whose stubbornness and desire to `` own their own audio format '' basically allowed apple to steal the portable music player market from out under them , and reduce what was one of the world 's strongest brands to virtually nothing ? 
  yeah , i 'll listen to what these dudes have to say . 
  roll a druid, 
  edit : sorry , 
  i 've played wow myself , too much . 
  i can understand how hard it is to let go or cut back . 
  especially when you know you should - it becomes your little vice and any attempts to make you cut back make you angry . 
  eventually i just cold turkeyed and gave up entirely , but it had to be on my own terms - being forced or even encouraged to limit my play time just did n't work . 
  the trigger for me was realising that i was n't actually getting anything done . 
  mmos give you that nice `` i completed a task '' seratonin rush , but you 're not actually doing anything useful . 
  it 's not helping you , your life , or those around you . 
  in fact all those things are suffering . 
  so i ca n't recommend asking him to cut back , or making deals with him about his game time , etc. 
  it would n't have worked on me . 
  it * did n't * work on me . 
  only thing i can suggest is to help him see the difference between doing stuff in-game and doing stuff in real life . 
  his brain currently sees them as the same thing , he gets the same chemical reward from either . 
  but doing stuff in-game is n't helping him at all , it 's just wasted time . 
  a drastic , and slightly risky measure is to leave for a while . 
  let him know where you are and how long you 'll be there , and that he 's welcome to join you ( make sure there 's no internet connection ) and let him get on with it . 
  for the first couple of days he 'll probably be thinking `` yay , more raiding time '' , but an empty house might be just enough to make him realise he 's wasting his life . 
  if you do try that , do n't make it about the game . 
  that wo n't help much . 
  he has to realise for himself that he 's just making his life worthless , or he 'll never properly quit . 
  that 'll go one of two ways . 
  either a huge fight ( which may or may not result in a split - either way he 'll go back to playing ) . 
  or he 'll quit under duress , never really let go of it , and likely start playing again soon after . 
  that 's the big problem with the game . 
  there 's * always * a reason to log in . 
  i think that once you 're into it , you ca n't really let go . 
  you just get deeper and deeper until either you spend every waking moment playing , or you get bored and quit . 
  wow is addictive . 
  i 've been there . 
  i honestly believe anyone who says it is n't has n't been in that situation . 
  when you 're addicted , you do things you would n't normally do . 
  as lame as it sounds , this is n't `` him '' acting like this .
