  j is n't right , w is too wide , l and r are n't wide enough , f 's bar is either too high or too long or both . 
  e and f might be too narrow . 
  ... and your tittles are too big ( always wanted to say that ) . 
  otherwise i like it , very clean , nice work . 
  my guess is he 's riding a fixie with no brakes . 
  the only way he can slow down is by slowing down or stopping pedalling , but it looks like the road is pretty wet so he probably locked the back wheel and skidded . 
  double story time !, 
  i was once at a punk rock gig . 
  the damned . 
  but not in the heyday - their first single was released two years before i was born , so this was a reunion tour sometime in the late 90s when i was a young punk scrote , and all the rest of their fans ( save for myself and my idiot friends ) were old punk scrotes . 
  i recommend listening to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhpdgrg9h1k ) while you read the rest . 
  it 'll help set the scene ( and is a fantastic tune ) . 
  the venue was changed at the last minute to an absolutely stunning club that was built in a modern-but-abandoned church . 
  modern by uk standards i mean , so probably built in the last 100 years out of bricks , rather than hewn from stone many hundreds of years ago . 
  still , it had huge stained glass windows , a ridiculously high ceiling and inside were stadium seats going around an empty central dance floor . 
  it was stunning . 
  probably the most impressive gig venue i 've been to ever - and probably the one least in keeping with the band and its fans . 
  but i digress . 
  the clientele were , as you can imagine , quite menacing . 
  it was an all-day event , and there was plenty of booze so spirits were high , shall we say . 
  while everyone was mostly friendly , there were a few fights here and there . 
  being underage , 20 years younger than the average age of the audience , and fucking idiots , my friends and i were doing our best to keep our heads down , avoid getting beaten up , and continue being served alcohol . 
  we were watching one of the support acts , a fight broke out in the pit , and my friend got whacked in the face . 
  he wore glasses usually , but since it does n't seem sensible to strap pieces of glass to your eyes in such a potentially hostile environment , he 'd opted to wear his contacts instead . 
  back in the 90s , contacts were n't what they are now - his were small , solid discs that would * immediately * disappear behind his eye at the slightest provocation . 
  which is obviously what happened here . 
  we retreated to the toilets so he could sort himself out . 
  the toilet , it turned out , was almost as impressive as the rest of the building and was complete with its own almost-floor-to-ceiling window , the middle of which had a stained glass part . 
  alas , for the size of the venue , it was a woefully undersized toilet , consisting of two cubicles , two urinals and two sinks . 
  the rest of the room was totally full of by now rather drunk punks , all desperate to piss . 
  many had already decided that the sinks were fair game , and a few had started pissing on the floor . 
  the rest were ripping things off walls , kicking the bins , throwing things and generally being idiots . 
  my friend braved the stinky mass of people and found himself a mirror near the gap that used to be a hand dryer to repair his stupid broken eyes ( this happened a lot ) . 
  i , being generally quite excited and trying to avoid as much floor-piss as possible , leapt onto the small ( ~ 2 feet high ) bench in front of the window to entertain myself while he sorted himself out . 
  ( btw if at this point you 've run out of damned , try [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtfyuqvqx-0 ) . ), 
  i glanced over to my right without really thinking that was where the cubicles were and . . 
  locked eyes with the biggest , burliest , hairiest , studded-jacketiest , scary looking biker/punk/meatsack . 
  he was sitting on the throne in the process of crimping off , what i can only imagine from his reddened , sweat-dripping face , was a turd the size of my forearm . 
  i thought , as the realisation dawned that i was about to get the shit beaten out of me by a huge hairy man with an unwiped bumhole who by now was looking at me with a mixture of discomfort and shock . 
  `` how the fuck am i going to explain why i 'm standing up here looking over the cubicle walls ?! '' . 
  i looked over at the throng of people by the door , and decided i 'd never get out in time if i ran . 
  `` quick !, 
  come up with a reason why you 're up here ! '' . 
  i pleaded with myself to come up with some reason that would explain my actions , while the punk biker shitting man 's expression slowly changed to anger . 
  `` i 'm at a punk rock gig ! '', 
  i thought . 
  `` in a church !, 
  vandalise something ! '' . 
  fantastic idea . 
  i might be saved . 
  so i thrust my fist out in front of me into . . the stained glass window . 
  and broke it . 
  ... and sliced a perfect gash out of the knuckle on my little finger . 
  y' know when you cut yourself it takes a while for your body to notice and start bleeding ? 
  well it turns out when you cut yourself on the knuckle and look at the wound , before the bleeding kicks in you can see your own tendons . 
  i was n't aware of this . 
  i remember the panic setting in thinking `` that 's my tendon . 
  i 'm going to get beaten up and my tendon is exposed '' . 
  but fortunately , my body saved me . 
  by making me pass out . 
  i woke up a few seconds later , in a pool of my blood and other people 's piss with my friend , angry poo man , and a number of drunk punk rock types standing over me . 
  i ended up going to hospital where i was given a rough bandage by the triage nurse after waiting a couple of hours , and sent on my way . 
  i went back to the venue and caught the end of the damned 's set , which was amazing . 
  we ran into angry spiky poo man later in the evening , his name turned out to actually be dave , and he was quite nice . 
  he bought us a pint . 
  it was a fantastic gig , i basically bled everywhere all night , and turned up home covered in piss and blood , but otherwise fairly unscathed . 
  it was fun though . 
  you can still just about see the [ scar ] ( https://i.imgur.com/rbi6mht.jpg ) . 
  that fucked me up !, 
  she 's currently trying to get some funding together for an album :, 
  i thought it was worth $ 30 . 
  starts about 3:50, 
  awesome , i love a good nofx cover , looking forward to this !, 
  double shadows , in different directions :|, 
   windows 10 users will , however , be able to continue putting off other tasks by playing candy crush saga , which will come pre-installed with the new operating system . 
  being happy , successful , fun and interesting . 
  bastards . 
  almost certainly hand-drawn rather than a font . 
  but [ sudsy ] ( http://www.myfonts.com/fonts/sparkytype/sudsy/ ) is pretty close . 
  on the other hand , at 18 stone i keep destroying bikes . 
  three frames cracked at the bottom bracket , and several ruined back wheels . 
  i 'm not very careful with them though . 
  or orange juice and soda if you find ( as i do ) that it 's too sweet with lemonade . 
  megacorp 's shareholders . 
  which could include , for example , a pension fund . 
  nope . 
  [ this is the original ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sy8ulwexfy ), 
  try mailinator.com, 
  what / u/actuallyahamster said , but also never use shifter cable on brakes - it 'll split and you 'll die . 
  shifter cable will be better . 
  because ( as mentioned ) brake cable is coiled , flexing the cable changes the length of the housing , which means if you have handlebar mounted shifters , turning the bars will cause gears to rub or skip or even change . 
  downtube mounted shifters will probably be okay though ( but if you 're buying new , you may as well get proper shifter cable ) . 
  it 's something very close to century old style . 
  but it could equally be any number of fonts based on century old style . . 
  [ bitstream imperial bold ] ( http://www.myfonts.com/fonts/bitstream/imperial/ ) is also [ very close ] ( http://cdn.myfonts.net/a_92/u/fa/bc06360da2ab1bfeff75fccdf2efb3.gif ) . 
  i do n't know who thinks spamming this kind of shit here is a good idea , but they 're wrong . 
  if you 've paid some `` seo '' idiot to do this , you 've wasted your money . 
  talk to everyone , do n't get too wasted , join in with fun stuff , do n't be sleazy , have fun , 
  it 's properly called [ doms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delayed_onset_muscle_soreness ) ( delayed onset muscle soreness ) , if that helps .
