  i know it sounds stupid , but if you can do so without it being weird , drop `` you 're not my type , dude '' , or something to that effect into conversation . 
  even if it 's an off the cuff remark , he 'll probably remember it and it should go some way to alleviating his fears about getting randomly hit on , until he knows you well enough to trust you 're not going to do that . 
  are you sure you 're not doing it wrong ? 
  okay i can see that there may be some situations when it 's necessary , as you say , some women are drier than others . 
  but generally speaking , i 've * never * had a problem . 
  too dry just means not enough foreplay . . 
  edit : ah , with condoms , lube is sometimes necessary , i 'll grant you . 
  edit ( again ) : too * wet * is a problem sometimes . . 
  err . 
  i 'm no longer 16 , and lost the ` hair trigger ' many years ago . 
  10 minutes is pretty much a bare minimum these days , 
  what happens at the 10 minute mark that i 've missed . . ? 
  i was just asking , as i have rarely used lube . 
  using it for fun , that 's perfectly reasonable , and using it occasionally i can understand too . 
  the person i was replying to seemed to be inferring that the majority of straight couples use lube , and that anyone who did n't was somehow missing out . 
  sometimes , yeah , kinda . 
  `` most thinnest '' ? 
  photoshop , and a text editor . 
  lots of ancillary stuff ( firebug , ssh client , etc ) , but nothing else that 's essential . 
  edit : and a big pile of browsers ( some in vms ) for testing . 
  that 's extremely cool . 
  so ( and i may be missing something here , i have n't looked at it in any detail ) why does bbc iplayer work perfectly on my ubuntu box ? 
  what are they doing differently to every-other-flash-video-thing ? 
  it happens . 
  do n't panic . 
  there 's not that much you can do to force it ( straining will give you piles - do n't do it ) . 
  try the following :, 
  * drink * plenty * of water throughout the day, 
  * eat something with plenty of fibre in it . 
  be careful with high-fibre stuff like breakfast cereal in large quantities , it can give you bellyache ( at least it does to me ) . 
  fruit is good . 
  * stick to fruit and veg and small quantities of meat . 
  avoid greasy processed food , it does n't do wonders for your digestive system at the best of times . 
  do n't :, 
  * poke anything up there ( ! ), 
  * strain , you 'll get haemorrhoids, 
  * eat more , wo n't help, 
  * ride a bike ( trust me , not fun ), 
  if it 's still causing you trouble , get yourself some laxitives ( although , at 6 days , i 'd probably have resorted to that by now ) . 
  make sure you take them before bed , as they 're not a `` binary '' state - they slowly make you feel more and more like shitting , which is n't entirely pleasant . 
  so it 's best to be unconscious while that 's happening . 
  there 's some stuff that might work in the short term ( coffee , cigarettes , etc ) , but if you 're really blocked up they 're just going to mobilise a wave of poo behind the existing poo dam - and do nothing but give you `` poo cramps '' without being able to actually poo . 
  not fun . 
  the `` nuclear option '' is the [ enema ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enema ) - basically pumping a load of water up your arse to flush it all out . 
  i have never got that far , so have n't tried . 
  but i do know you can by kits from a pharmacy . 
  to be honest , if it comes to this , i 'd get down the docs . 
  good luck man . 
  fucking hell i want to strangle her . 
  edit : aaargh answer the question you dumb bitch !, 
  but it 's fucking * tasty * !, 
  that 's not quite right . 
  in terms of ability , perl still gives many similar-level languages a run for their money . 
  so my take would be it 's because other languages are * as * powerful as perl , but a bit nicer to use . 
  my boss was running an application i wrote , and complaining that it was n't working fast enough . 
  i told him to wiggle the mouse around . 
  but , my boss is far too clever for that old joke , and proceeded to lecture me ( in a rather condescending tone , i might add ) about how i should n't use the fact that i know about computers to dupe people into doing silly things for my own amusement , etc. 
  then i explained that the function he was trying to use employed / dev/random , which uses timing anomalies in mouse movements ( among other things ) to generate entropy so it can produce random numbers . 
  ( which , although my description of why may be inaccurate , is true . 
  try ` cat / dev/random ` if you have a relatively unbusy linux box handy ) . 
  he did n't believe me . 
  in hindsight , it 's not the most amusing tale . 
  that 's the way to do it , apple !, 
  make the product more expensive so you can save money later on replacements !, 
  they 're learning . . 
  dude , game art is like designing for the web , or user interfaces . 
  it 's part art , part engineering . 
  if you fail to work within the limitations the platform defines , then you fail at your job . 
  even if that were true for a relatively low-turnover item like some old-video-games-that-have-neither - `` halo '' - nor - `` madden '' - in-the-title , then i suspect that some middleman distributor bought the stock , and then sold it on to walmart using this sale-or-return setup . 
  indeed , and that could very well be the case . 
  however , the chap said , and i quote ;, 
   . . shrunk them to 128x128 . 
  no fucking visible difference at all . 
  which suggests to me that the textures were * far * larger than they needed to be , and the artist had done nothing to optimise them . 
  which is , as i understand it , part of their job . 
  i do a lot of web work , and i see similar things happening a lot . 
  ex-print designers who have zero clue why they ca n't use their 50mb 300dpi print-ready logo without doing * something * to optimise it first . 
  i suspect a similar thing happens in the game industry . 
  people who have been doing 3d modelling or whatever and never had to worry about polygon counts or texture sizes suddenly have to contend with platform limitations ( and then blame the coders . . ), 
  i suspect they buy them up on the cheap from a wholesaler . . 
  as i pointed out to my ( somewhat not amused ) mother when i was young ; the reason people are starving to death in ethiopia ( or wherever ) is n't because of a shortage of food in the world . 
  it 's a logistics problem . 
  there 's plenty of food , but it 's nowhere near the people that need it , and it 's not easy to get it there cheaply , in enough quantity , or in an edible condition . 
  even if there were , the distribution chain that would be necessary just does n't exist . 
  so , if she were willing to arrange to ship my carrots ( or broccoli , if it 's a wednesday ) to ethiopia , and set up a means to disseminate it to those in need , then i 'd be happy to eat them . 
  until then , please can i go and play nintendo ? 
  i was an annoying child . 
  so , massive tits : blessing or curse ? 
  what is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow ? 
  that 's . . surprisingly difficult to watch . 
  edit : about the only bit he did n't destroy was the hard drive . . 
  was it as incredible a moment as i imagine ? 
  `` cheap '' is relative . 
  when the soapier guy got permission to use the alien , it was because the reddit userbase was repeatedly asking for reddit alien soap ( and there was the whole `` save soapier '' thing going on at the time ) . 
  there was a market there waiting to be filled , and i believe the agreement was made such that reddit got a cut of the profits ( but maybe not , i 'm not sure about that ) . 
  `` hello kitty '' is a * massive * global brand . 
  chances are , if you want to use their trademark/copyright then you 'll have to pay them a * lot * of money . 
  you may * possibly * get away with paying them a fee for each item you produce , but i would imagine they 'd want to do a licensing deal , which means you 'll need a significant amount of cash to hand over . 
  that is if they 're even willing to allow that at all , they may not be . 
  more likely that the ` material ' is n't evenly distributed .
