  as stated above you can use functional indexes to speed that up if you want to . 
  like :, 
  create index some_index_name on some_table ( date_trunc ( ` day ' , timestamp ) ) ;, 
  so , those are cantilever brakes . 
  where the cables from each side meet is a metal hook ( actually the two sides of the brake are connected together and the cable from the lever pulls them both at the same time via the hook ) . 
  what can happen is the hook can move a bit , causing one side to be too tight and one side to be too loose , and the brakes to rub . 
  if you grab hold of the hook you should be able to slide it left and right on the cable to centre everything again . 
  that might be enough to stop the rubbing . 
  ah ok then you may have a problem . 
  the metal lever bits either side with the brake pads on them should have a spring in them to pull them away from the wheel , do both sides pull equally ? 
  the font used for the names is called [ galaxy ] ( https://www.fontshop.com/families/galaxy ) , but it was the font used for titles in the star trek films , so you can probably find a [ rip-off ] ( http://www.fontspace.com/allen-r-walden/final-frontier ) without too much trouble . 
  the smaller font is bank gothic . 
  very cool . 
  bit of feedback : i hate the fade-out-on-hover effect . 
  it means i have to keep my cursor off to the side otherwise it 's constantly fading out whatever i 'm trying to look at . 
  irritating . 
  how about a shand [ stoater ] ( https://www.shandcycles.com/bikes/stoater/ ) or [ stooshie ] ( https://www.shandcycles.com/bikes/stooshie/ ) , depending on your attitude towards comfort vs speed . 
  bit overbudget , and you might struggle if you 're not in the uk . 
  i 've had my eye on them for ages , they look beautifully made . 
  i 've learnt to play guitar and sing almost exclusively from the toilet . 
  my neighbours think i 'm weird . 
  just had the same problem with my newly-installed hydro brakes . 
  the lever lost power and it makes a particularly unpleasant screeching noise . 
  turns out the compression nut was n't tight enough and leaked mineral oil all over the calliper . 
  stripped it down , drained the system , fitted a new olive , refilled it , bled it , degreased everything then cleaned it with detergent to get rid of the degreaser . 
  the pads are probably fucked but i 've given them a good clean with detergent to hopefully rid them of oil . 
  will test ride later and see if they 're sorted , if not it means new pads . 
  best guess is you 've done something similar , best of luck . 
  fair enough . 
  well the only reason i 've ever encountered squealing disc brakes is contamination , so maybe a good clean will help . 
  if the rotors have got some gunk on them they could have contaminated the new pads you put on ? 
  i 'd give it all a clean , make sure it 's dry , and do some hard braking to bed everything in again . 
  [ metropolitan police 's special escort group ] ( https://youtu.be/kmz7hhrezhi ) do a similar thing in the uk . 
  please ignore the overly dramatic intro , once you get past that it 's a really interesting in-depth look at how they work . 
  boots has machines, 
  i will check , but it makes noise when i push down on the drive side without my foot on the left pedal ( and vice versa ) . 
  could still be chainring bolts ( or a frame crack ! ), 
  but my money 's on the bb . 
  good call on the preload , might well be that . 
  you do n't really hold the camera still enough to see , but basically if it 's a problem with the spindle or the interface with the crank , then the chain rings will have a smooth wobble that goes in and out evenly and exactly once per revolution . 
  if this is the case then you might get away with a new bb ( those ones are cheap ) or even just refitting the cranks ( you 'll have to inspect the taper carefully though ) . 
  if it 's a bent chainring/spider/something else then it wo n't be as smooth , or it 'll move in and out twice or more in a revolution . 
  this is likely to involve a new crank or rings or ( most likely ) both . 
  it * looks * like the latter but it 's very difficult to be sure . 
  that 's a good idea , and easy to check . 
  i 'll keep it in mind when i 'm stripping everything down this weekend . 
  or , downvotes cost karma , when you hit 0 you ca n't downvote any more . 
  tuna cheesy rice-egg . 
  super low effort , filling and tasty . 
  if a bit dirty . 
  microwave a packet of microwave rice for a couple of minutes ( brown basmati is best , adds a bit of bite , but anything works ) . 
  put it in a bowl , add two eggs and a random amount of cheese , microwave for 3-4 minutes ( until the edges start looking well cooked ) , add tuna and microwave for another minute or so . 
  ideal consistency is overcooked on the outside and undercooked in the middle . 
  then you can mix it all up and have nice creamy egg and chewy bits too . 
  add chilli sauce ( sriracha , for example ) and shovel into face . 
  yeah it 's the planet version , got one hiding on the star wars shelf ( hiding because it 's really supposed to be an original trilogy shelf , but that 's a nice model ), 
  that is * really * cool . 
  the desktop mock up in particular works extremely well . 
  i 'd love to see that in a modern operating system . 
  haha yes i used housing . 
  just the cables being held on with electrical tape alone was n't very reliable . 
  unlike most bearings , your headset does n't actually turn very much and spends most of its time pointing straight forward , so they 're prone to the bearings wearing dents into the races - particularly if there 's too much preload . 
  that 's what causes this `` indexed steering '' effect . 
  so while your headset bearings might not be trashed if you 're happy riding with steering like this , it will likely get worse , and the only fix is new bearings . 
  36 spoke wheels are definitely the way to go , and not the crappy 36 spoke wheels that come on low end bikes . 
  i 'm in a similar situation ( not quite as heavy but not far off ) and after a lot of broken wheels i ended up building my own . 
  was easier than i expected in the end , and they 're already holding up better than factory wheels . 
  but a good wheel builder will be able to sort you out . 
  if you 're on a tight budget you might get away with just getting a rear wheel ( you 're unlikely to break the front one ) . 
  but can they wax a chump like a candle ? 
  and saying a country 's name in its native language when you 're speaking english makes you an insufferable cunt . 
  i got a cheap trek crossrip in the sales last winter , slowly upgraded it with new wheels , some big schwalbe g-one tyres and a 105 hydro disc groupset and i 'm loving it . 
  i can take it pretty much anywhere , it 's comfy even with my fat arse on it , and still quick on roads . 
  would recommend , but i 'd start with 105/similar , the mech disc brakes were fairly poor and i was n't impressed with the shifting on the original sora drivetrain at all . 
  that stuff lasts forever . 
  like 10 days plus . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had to throw any away ( unlike the typical hovis/kingsmill/etc that seems to grow mould after 4 or 5 days ), 
  presumably that means it 's made of teflon or kevlar or some other cancer-inducing evilness that will come back to bite me in 10 years . 
  20/20 but i did some serious agonising over mattel and toyota . 
  surprised by just how bad target 's logo looks set in arial . 
  that r is awfully cheap-looking . 
  you can play guitar in the toilet as much as you want and nobody cares . 
  so bad . 
  that `` 3 '' is terrible . 
  though i thought the `` t '' would ruin `` scotch '' but it kinda gets away with it . 
  when i 'm on my bike i thank people for stopping at junctions and roundabouts to let me past even when they 're supposed to . 
  there seems to be a small subset of drivers that seem so annoyed that i have the audacity to exercise my right of way that they either brake at the last possible second and glower at me , or just fail to stop at all . 
  so i feel like by saying thanks to those that do stop , i 'm doing my part to reinforce good behaviour ... 
  there was a three-part murder mystery in the uk some years ago called red riding . 
  each episode was set in a different era and directed by a different director . 
  very dark , but worth a watch if you can find it . 
  i 've successfully been with a group that size in : las iguanas , turtle bay , thai khun , big society , the one . 
  most places can manage it if you give them enough warning . 
  mad, 
  that ad that looks like a cookie warning popup is an evil , evil thing !, 
  just tried different pedals , still a problem . 
  could be pedal related still ( e.g. 
  could be the interface between the pedal and crank , one looks a little more worn than the other - possibly overtightening ) , but i do n't * think * so . 
  thanks for the suggestion tho , was a good one . 
  gon na try putting the old bb in and see what happens .
