  but doing complicated stuff with javascript/canvas will also be pretty slow and cause the same problems . 
  jobs was definitely right that using flash for video is n't ideal . 
  it 's an inefficient solution , and currently does n't use hardware video decoders ( which are pretty much necessary for high-performance video on those underpowered devices ) . 
  but that does n't seem like an * insurmountable * technical problem to me . 
  the reason for this anti-flash stuff is n't that it 's not possible to do , or that it might be slow . 
  it 's because adobe and flash represents a competitor to apple 's locked-down world where everybody writes stuff the way apple wants , and with the tools apple mandate . 
  ms got involved a bit the other day simply because they have their own flash-competitor and would love to see flash go away . 
  personally i 'm okay with killing flash , it 's a stupid technology . 
  but the misdirection , silly excuses and constant fight to control everything bother me . 
  i think restricting upvotes would change the system too much . 
  it 'd make an upvote a much rarer and more precious commodity . 
  i do n't think that `` too many upvotes '' is the problem . 
  how about restricting downvotes instead ? 
  make a downvote cost karma , and stop allowing downvotes once the user hits 0 karma . 
  that 'd cut down on the downvoting of otherwise-good comments simply because of a difference of opinion ( which is a far bigger problem for me ) . 
  it 'd help the minority opinion get some exposure and hopefully prevent situations where they get relegated to the bottom of the pile with a well-timed downvote . 
  or prevent a good but controversial comment from being stuck under the pun and circlejerk threads . 
  as a lifetime holder of controversial minority opinions , i quite like that idea , 
  so , my mp3s are derivative works , because they 're not bit-for-bit copies of the original ? 
  i once got shoved against a wall by a bouncer for the heinous crime of attempting to walk past his club to the pizza place next door whilst wearing trainers . 
  while i 'll admit that it 's a hard job and most are probably not like that , but there are at least some that want to be the kings of their little kingdom . 
  terran please , 
  i 've interviewed and hired several people , that shit ai n't easy . 
  to me , resumes are just a way to reject the absolutely-useless and irrelevant people early without wasting time . 
  if you list things i 'm interested in up the top , and used them in your last job , then you 'll probably make it past the cull . 
  here are my thoughts ( apologies if it seems a bit harsh ) :, 
  * be careful with big blocks of text , remember i 'm probably digging though a dozen or more of these and am probably not going to read them properly at this stage . 
  brevity is your friend . 
  * `` dynamic analytical thinker and problem solver . 
  able to work ... '' just reads as `` blah blah blah '' . 
  * capitalise the language list properly . 
  getting capitalisation or spelling wrong on technical terms is a `` this has been fucked about with by a recruitment agency '' red flag, 
  * nobody cares what text editor you used . 
  worse , telling me you 're proficient with the `` microsoft office suite '' is completely unhelpful ( unless you mean developing stuff with them . 
  that 's not of interest to me personally , but if it 's what you mean then say so ) . 
  * `` created '' means very little . 
  did you design it ? 
  implement it ? 
  maintain it ? 
  alone or in a team ? 
  was it a long term project or a one off ? 
  what techniques did you use ? 
  what language did you write it in ? 
  * i do n't care how much money your work saved ( possibly unless you 're able to convince me you came up with the concept yourself ) . 
  looking at it objectively , it 's a perfectly usable layout . 
  it 's different , certainly , but i ca n't see anything that 's been made worse . 
  you just do n't like it . 
  this happens a lot . 
  you 'll get over it . 
  i have been using an apple keyboard ( with a non-apple box ) for ages , they work well . 
  the short-throw keys take some getting used to , but once you do they feel much more positive than a traditional keyboard . 
  in fact traditional keyboards feel like using a typewriter now . 
  if you do n't hate laptop-style keys , then i highly recommend giving it a go . 
  as for a mouse , logitech are still excellent . 
  mx518 is my favourite . 
  sorting out my home fileserver . 
  replacing the gimpy 900mhz via mini-itx board and 2x750gb drives with a nice 2.5 ghz dual core amd cpu ( mini-itx board again ) , 2gb ram , and a frankly ridiculous 8tb of storage space . 
  all running freebsd 8 , and hopefully all 8tb in a single gconcat volume . 
  assuming gconcat now works with  2tb volumes . . we 'll see !, 
  he can probably still type with no kidneys , although i 'm not sure for how long . . 
  attention . 
  always . 
  i 've mapped one of the otherwise-useless ` sensitivity ' buttons on my mouse to the middle mouse button ( less flaky than trying to click with the scrollwheel ) . 
  i use it almost exclusively . 
  the fwd and back are mapped to ctrl and shift . 
  the other sensitivity button is mapped to ` close window ' . 
  ctrl and shift are really handy to have on a mouse , but having a dedicated `` get the fuck off my screen '' button is mostly a satisfaction-related thing , 
  i suppose you could try strapping the bottom half of the bike to the car to stop it flapping around . 
  i 've got a bigger saris rack ( takes 3 bikes ) , and i have to say it 's pretty good . 
  took me a while to trust it , but it 's done a few hundred miles without any problems . 
  that rack in the video does n't look all that secure , though . . 
  but the problem is , pr promotes this sort of inside-government dealing . 
  with it , it 'll be much harder for a single party to hold a majority , so there 's going to be more of this sort of thing in the future . 
  to be honest , at the moment , i 'm okay with that , as it 'll at least give the smaller parties some bargaining power . 
   at first i was kinda upset because i was n't going to be getting my led but then i realized that i had done something much more important . 
  grown a vagina ? 
   you will never know if a game has either been released complete and additional content made after or if has been finished and chopped up for dlcs . 
  except many games have dlc from day one ( of those i 've played recently , dragon age and mass effect 2 did this ) . 
  that means either content was held back for dlc , or release was delayed . 
  i have n't played all the way through mass effect 2 yet , but the dlc side of things does n't seem to be too intrusive . 
  they way they handled it in dragon age pissed me ( [ and others ] ( http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2009/11/6/ ) ) right off , though . 
  no no no !, 
  good omelettes are well-cooked ( and slightly browned ) on the outside and far less cooked on the inside ( slightly undercooked , in fact ) . 
  to do that you need plenty of heat on the outside - more than you 'll get from boiling water . 
  all this method is going to get you is a solid , uniform-texture egg sausage . 
  there are uses for that , but it ai n't an omelette . 
  get a small non-stick pan to medium-high heat ( and then turn the heat down a bit ) . 
  throw in some beaten egg ( not too much , more is n't necessarily better ) , use a spatula to move it around a bit and tidy it up in the pan , then leave it the fuck alone for a bit . 
  throw some cheese and/or salt on top before the egg on top is completely cooked and turn it out onto a plate , folding in half as you go . 
  if it 's warm , but very slightly runny inside , it 'll be fucking perfect . 
  why not try pressing t ? 
  i 'll agree that being intolerant of other people 's sexual preferences isnt really on ( although i 'm not convinced you 're seeing much actual intolerance here , just people who have never seen nor heard of a particular sexual practice and being rather surprised by it ) . 
  but bondage is n't normal . 
  does n't mean it 's wrong or bad or you should n't do it , but it 's not normal . 
  i have its [ larger brother ] ( http://www.logitech.com/en-us/keyboards/keyboard/devices/192 ) on my htpc . 
  bit pricey , but great for more serious use . 
  it 's nicely finished enough to not look too out of place on a coffee table . 
  [ impossible !, 
  ] ( http://www.gadgets.co.uk/mas_assets/full/dunkmug.jpg ), 
  an interesting post , and i agree with you on most of it .
