  ask them how they would you approach this problem . 
  because to do that effectively , they need to understand your code . 
  which they do n't yet . 
  have you ever tried to fix a non-trivial bug in someone else 's codebase ? 
  i mean something you have never used , and never even seen before . 
  where do you start ? 
  how long would it take ? 
  the other day i was trying to fix a bug in an open source library i use . 
  after speaking to the maintainer briefly i embarked on the task , and 6 hours later i was done , and sent him a patch . 
  i got a response saying ( basically ) `` oh , i did that after speaking to you . 
  sorry you wasted your time '' . 
  i pulled his changes from github to see how he 'd approached it . 
  not only was his solution far more elegant than mine , it had taken him about 40 minutes . 
  having seen his code , it 's now perfectly obvious how he did it and why it was a better solution . 
  but i did n't know the codebase , so i could n't see it before . 
  i actually went on to fix a few other related bugs , now that i had a good understanding of that part of the code . 
  but it goes to show that it might be obvious to you , but it is n't to them . 
  so it 's really not a fair test of their abilities . 
  the numbers may be inaccurate , but as anyone whose actually interviewed a few programmers can attest , the sentiment is absolutely bang on . 
  most people that turn up to interviews - even those claiming x years of programming experience - ca n't write code . 
  you did the right thing . 
  much better for her to go happy , than scared in an unfamiliar place . 
  well done for having the strength to go through with it . 
  she 's beautiful . 
  no , i 'm really not . 
  i 'm simply relaying what i 've learnt having interviewed a fair number of programmers over the last 3-4 years . 
  i 've been coding full-time for a while , but left school at 18 and have n't had any formal training on the subject . 
  so when i first started interviewing people i was scared that i 'd be utterly outclassed by everyone who walked in , and struggle to assess them ( and likely make an idiot of myself in the process ) . 
  but most of the candidates i 've seen could barely code their way out of a paper bag . 
  seriously . 
  there are people out there claiming 3 + years of experience on their resume who have never written a function . 
  i 'm * not * joking - i 've seen their code !, 
  i ca n't speak to the `` 10x more productive '' thing . 
  i 've heard it before , and there are certainly people out there that seem to produce an inhuman amount of work , but i have no idea how true that is . 
  i just wish one or two of them would send me their resume . . , 
  i fucking hate that `` manhole '' question . 
  it 's a perfect example of an `` aha '' question that 's got a non-obvious answer , but is dead easy when you know it . 
  it does n't have a fucking thing to do with people 's thought processes or any relevance to programming . 
  you ca n't infer anything about the person if they * do n't * get it , because it 's the kind of thing that even the best programmer might not see . 
  and the only thing you can infer if they * do * get it is they 've probably heard it before . 
  i swear if i ever get asked that question i 'll embark on a 5 minute rant about it and refuse to answer . 
  ideally , none of it . 
  well . 
  you 're going to need to know some kinda language to be able to teach some concepts . 
  so i 'd pick something easy , suited to whatever you 're teaching and * absolutely useless * outside a classroom . 
  otherwise you 're just doing a vocational course . 
  probably talking more along the lines of an x264 rip . 
  they weigh in at about 8-15gb for a film in 1080p . 
  as a fileserver , you mean ? 
  i built a fileserver with a 900mhz via epia mini-itx motherboard , a cheap-arse raid card , 4 sata drives and a teeny little case ( it 's like 60 % hard drive ) . 
  it 's pretty much silent ( no fans on the board , just the drives that make any noise ) . 
  plus it 's waaay geekier , 
  it 's fine streaming anything over samba ( not tried anything heavier than 1080p x264s though ) , although it does suck at anything that needs significant processing power . 
  i 've been pondering dropping a 44u rack into our living room . 
  my girlfriend has agreed , but i 'm not entirely sure she knows what she 's agreed * to * , 
   he used to work for apple , so he 's got a fair bit of mac gear . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  if i had one , i 'd totally use it , 
  i do n't use this little box as a player . 
  apparently it has a hardware mpeg2 decoder , but i 've never played with it . 
  it 's a headless freebsd install , all it does is serve ~ 4tb of files , run some [ software ] ( http://www.sabnzbd.org/ ) to download from usenet and verify/repair/extract , with some scripts to keep stuff organised and a little web interface to start and manage downloads ( extremely convenient now i have it set up - it 'll even download stuff automatically using rss feeds . 
  assuming , of course , it has enough free space . 
  which is rare  ) . 
  i have a ubuntu box with xbmc as a media player , having upgraded from an xbox a couple of years ago ( xbox ca n't handle hd ) . 
  i 've not really done much to it apart from switch off everything i do n't need , so it 's not the perfect solution yet . 
  boot time is still a bit of an issue - it uses a 2.5 '' hdd to keep it quiet , so it 's not all that fast . 
  i 'll be throwing in an ssd when the prices approach sensible numbers , though . 
  been meaning to look into boxee , and there are some hardware players out there that look good like . . [ xtreamer ] ( http://www.xtreamer.net/ ) , but i do n't know much about them yet ( my friend just got his , so i 'll be hassling him in a couple of days for a ` review '  ), 
  it 's stupidly expensive , flashy , yet strangely ugly , and only purchased by complete fuckends ? 
  i use freebsd ( at home and on work boxes ) , the majority is built from source . 
  ( i think the base system is installed from binaries , but anything that 's been upgraded significantly is probably all from source ) . 
  works surprisingly well . 
  i 'm a big fan . 
  the top hits are kinda dull , but [ this ] ( http://i0006.photobucket.com/albums/0006/seaofshoez/dsc_0258.jpg ) is pretty odd . 
  edit : [ what the fuck is going on here i have no clue ] ( http://cather.unl.edu/images/cat.0019/cat.0019.021.jpg ), 
  are you talking about cars ? 
  are you seriously one of those people that judges people on which shiny metal box they 've chosen to sit in traffic jams in ? 
  do you somehow think it makes you a better person if you have a nicer car ? 
  if so , then fuck you . 
  i have a bike . 
  if you 're talking about something else , or just trying to make a joke , then please disregard . 
  oh , and if you 're trolling , job done , 
  dude , fuck it , you 're living the american dream !, 
  you are one of those people . 
  i thought you all died out in the 80s . 
  you should do an iama or something . 
  it 's always a risk you run while playing a quick game of `` solid , liquid or gas '' . 
  all the accents i could pick out sound more liverpool that manchester to me . 
  but then i 'm just a southerner , 
  interesting !, 
  the way i see it , i ca n't `` grass '' someone up unless i know what they did - because blindly agreeing with laws ( many of which exist for reasons other than the public interest ) is n't ( to my mind ) morally right . 
  but , then , i 've never been in a position to get paid for doing it , 
  do you know what the warrants are for ? 
  printing !, 
  yeahman , he plays some great stuff on there . 
  i try to listen every saturday . 
  but i have absolutely no clue about either funk or soul . 
  right . 
  learn to make a grilled cheese . 
  they 're really hard to fuck up , and unless you make a proper mess of it , they 're very tasty .
