  i wo n't be coming along . 
  oh , you fucking * star * . 
  last night i decided it was time i got around to writing a game with js/canvas ( an asteroids clone . 
  been done to death , i know , but i 've got to start somewhere  ) . 
  since then , i 've been wondering where the fuck i was going to get some vaguely authentic sounds from , as i did n't really want to rip them off something else . 
  this is perfect !, 
  edit : wow , this thing is * amazing * !, 
  edit ( again ) : 0 , ,0.17,0.553,0.397,0.63 , , , , , ,0.56,0.647 , , , , , ,0.8 , , , , ,0.33, 
  true . 
  but , ie6 and ie7 are dropping , and ie8 is n't gaining ground as quickly as firefox . 
  but , really , nothing matters as much as people dropping ie6 ( and to some extent ie7 ) for modern browsers . 
  cold boot problems are often down to the psu being a bit underpowered , or just plain shitty ( as many are ) . 
  as all your devices kick in they eat a bit more power ( spinning up fans and drives , etc ) than they usually would , which causes extra load on the psu and can make things unstable if it was already near its limits . 
  well , you can take some drives out temporarily , try a less power-hungry graphics card , unplug usb devices , etc. 
  we * used * to have plenty of gritters and even the odd snowplough kicking around `` just in case '' . 
  generally speaking , the roads were kept reasonably clear if the highways department was doing their job . 
  and they usually erred on the side of caution back then , so it was generally ok . 
  but all the highway maintenance has been slowly outsourced since the early 90s , so now it 's all down to the lowest bidder . 
  and , surprise , they do a fuck-awful job . 
  my dad used to work for the highways dept. 
  and lived through all the privatisation . 
  i 'm told ( regularly and at length ) it 's a massively corrupt balls-up these days . 
  they 're asking for volunteers to mung that text into a usable format ? 
  ** everybody stand back !, 
  i know regular expressions !, 
  from what i recall from biology classes , tree trunks are essentially lots of very thin tubes used to transport water from the ground up to the leaves . 
  so , yes , the wood may grow around the ring , but the only bit of the trunk that would allow those `` tubes '' to be contiguous is through the centre of the ring . 
  i ca n't see it working without killing it , or at the very least dramatically stunting its growth . . 
  no , but it 'll reasonably quickly grow into a visible patch if left alone . 
  so if there 's no mold on there , chances are it 'll be fine . 
  but if there * is * visible mold , cutting it off and smoking what 's left is n't advisable . 
  loads of great suggestions here . 
  i 'd like to add [ million dead ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbk30wingpq ) . 
  point is , if you can * see * any mold , chances are it 's completely riddled with it . 
  same goes for cheese and bread , etc. 
  the correct term ( for your googling pleasure ) is `` hole saw '' . 
  but be warned , 120mm hole saws are on the upper end of what they 're capable of . 
  but yes , that 's what you want . 
  a jigsaw will never make a perfect hole ( or even a `` good enough '' hole unless you 're * really * good with it ) . 
  be sure to mask off the area , and maybe stick a block of wood behind the bit you 're drilling to help make a nice edge . 
  i 'd : drill the holes for the fan screws first , use those to screw on a bit of wood behind where you want the hole , drill a pilot for the holesaw ( else they 're tricky to centre ) , and drill through very slowly . 
  probably worth practising first . 
  yeah . 
  mostly to protect the finish , so you do n't need to do it on the back . 
  though , as you say , ca n't hurt . 
  my sister abandoned her car in that john lewis 's car park and walked for 4 hours through the snow to get home . 
  i 'll probably * not * be sending her this article , 
  oh , and , not to be nit-picky , but the john lewis in high wycombe is a huge out-of-town affair , not on the high street . . 
  nah , you do n't know how rbls are going to be used . 
  in fact , for everything but the most well-known and respected lists , they tend to be used in combination with something else . 
  either other lists , or a content-based filter like spamassassin . 
  this helps mitigate false-positives ( the spam filter maintainer 's biggest enemy ) as one bad report from a single list is n't enough on its own to blackhole an email . 
  so a better metaphor to reddit might be : just because you posted a message , you * alone * are unlikely to change my mind about something . 
  unless you point out something that can be verified elsewhere , or maybe if you happen to be a well-known and well-respected expert in the field , 
  it 's not really a limitation . 
  packaging multiple files up into one archive , and compressing data are different jobs . 
  just because they 're often used together , does n't necessarily mean they 're not useful on their own . 
  this is why you get tar and gzip/bzip2 on unix systems , even if it 's slightly more complicated to understand/use . 
  it 's the unix way , 
  while glenn danzig was still the frontman ? 
  if so . . gutted . 
  otherwise , do n't worry about it , 
  no it does n't . 
  cos they control your dns , and they 've set up that site , and pointed thepiratebay.org to it . . 
  which works because they 're in charge of your dns . 
  try changing to google 's or opendns 's dns servers for a bit , it might even allow you to access it , if that 's the only blocking they 've done . . 
  logitech do make reasonable stuff . 
  it 's all well made , but maybe not necessarily the best design . 
  i still prefer their keyboards and mice to the microsoft ones . . 
  they bought squeezebox from slimdevices a few years back ( i have one too ) , so it 's a bit of an anomaly in their product line . 
  the server is written in perl , which is why it runs on linux ( i ca n't imagine logitech picking perl for that if they had the choice . . ) . 
  but i ca n't fault what they 've done with squeezebox . 
  the little remote thing is excellent ( i believe that has appeared since they were bought by logitech ) , particularly the fact it 's all completely open . 
  you can literally ssh into it an fuck with the interface code ( it 's running linux , and all the interface stuff is lua ) . 
  i 've had lots of fun fucking around with mine , 
  needs moar pooper, 
  matching any address that 's theoretically rfc compliant * is * hard , but only a subset is actually supported usefully by mailservers . 
  and in a web form you only want to accept an even smaller subset . 
  a simple example is the string ` postmaster ` - it 's valid , and almost always deliverable . 
  but it 's rarely something you want to accept in a web form like that . 
  they 're going for typo-prevention there ( well , that 's what they * should * be doing , at least ) . 
  and that 's reasonably easy to do . 
  * check for characters that should n't appear at all ( ` ; , :| '' ` , whitespace , etc ), 
  * check there 's a single ` @ `, 
  * check there 's something useful before it the ` @ `, 
  * . . and check the bit after it looks like a domain . 
  you can even go further and remove common fuckups ( double ` @ ` , comma instead of ` . ` , leading or trailing whitespace , etc ) , and maybe even check to see if the domain has mailservers ( if you 're somewhere where you can usefully perform dns lookups ) . 
  there 's very little point going any further than this . 
  your best bet if you absolutely must have a valid , working email address is to send an email to it and get the user to click a link or something . 
  those could have been so much cooler if they were less obviously-branded . 
  the `` x-wing '' , for example , actually does a pretty good job of capturing the colour scheme and overall `` look '' ( if that 's not too gay ) . 
  but the big picture of an x-wing on the tongue reduces them to cheap merch , in my opinion . 
  and [ these ] ( http://www.fubiz.net/2009/12/23/adidas-star-wars-collection-2010/adidas_duel_bg/ ) just look fucking awful . 
  buffers grow simply because if you need to fetch something from the disk , you 're generally reading far more ( a block at a time ) than you actually need . 
  the kernel assumes you might need the rest of the blocks at some point ( and that 's often a safe assumption ) . 
  so since they 've already been read , and you have ram you 're not using for other things , it holds onto them for you . 
  proper link without the crappy slow flash player . 
  ooh , interesting . 
  [lastminute.com ] ( http://www.lastminute.com/ ) also claim to own the colour magenta ( see the very bottom of the page ) . 
  this .
