  no , not everyone uses it , but it 's [ pretty common ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adobe_flash#installed_user_base ) regardless of how `` shit '' it is . 
  it probably gets more use than a lot of the more obscure apps that come with os x. 
  that said , since it 's external , closed source software that has regular security updates , it does n't make much sense to bundle it with the os if the user is going to have to upgrade it immediately anyway . 
  netbooks sell well , as do shiny apple devices . 
  it 's a pretty simple recipe . 
  although i would n't have much use for one myself , i can see a lot of people buying them . 
  so i think `` flop '' is a bit of an overstatement . 
  i use it on my beard . 
  who does n't love a silky-soft beard ? 
  i tried to buy it for you , but although they 've taken my payment , there 's no sign of a serial or download option . 
  i suspect something iffy is going on there . 
  sorry fella . 
  i 'm from the uk ; queuing is serious business . 
  a couple of years ago i was outside a train station in reading ( a rather nasty , dirty city near london , where i lived at the time ) . 
  it was december , so raining slightly and unpleasantly cold . 
  i 'd just returned from london where i 'd been helping install some servers in a data centre , so i was tired , dirty , wet and heavily laden with a laptop , toolbox and some other assorted stuff . 
  i was n't relishing the idea of trudging home in the rain carrying all this crap , so i joined the queue for a taxi . 
  along with the normal contingent of suited business-types , there were several people who had obvious been christmas shopping , making the queue longer than it normally would be . 
  fortunately there was a bus-stop-like construction next to the taxi rank consisting of one long metal-and-glass wall and narrow , leaky roof for me and my fellow wage-slaves and weary shoppers to shelter from the perpetual grey drizzle of reading in december . 
  less fortunately , the open side of the bus stop thing had a six foot high metal fence partially under it , a temporary structure surrounding one of the areas where building work was ( or more likely , * was n't * ) taking place - a common sight in british towns . 
  the people in the queue were all crammed into a narrow space between the bus stop 's wall and the metal railing . 
  two teenage girls appeared ( they looked about 16 ) , one wearing a big purple puffy coat and one of those stupid tiny backpacks , the other in a nasty shiny nylon jacket , both wearing too much cheap jewellery and orange makeup . 
  they were noisy , lippy and generally irritating . 
  typical pikey chavs , basically . 
  they complained loudly about the weather , tried to scrounge cigs from people and squawked at each other whatever inanities pikey teenage chavs like to squawk at each other about . 
  after about 20 minutes , getting progressively cold and irritated listening to their swearing and cackling , i was thankful to be second from the head of the queue . 
  presumably deciding the girls were too important to wait with everyone else , they headed to front of the queue just as a taxi arrived . 
  the chap in front of me headed towards the approaching taxi , just as these two pint-sized harpies decided to try and snatch it from him . 
  by the time they got there , he 'd already started loading up his stuff , so they gave up and came back to where i was standing . 
  `` oi , we 're gettin ' the next one '' , spoke the taller and skankier of the pair in a cloud of fag smoke . 
  `` fuck off , you annoying little witches '' , i thought - but only actually managed to say `` uh , there 's a. . . queue '' , while gesturing weakly behind me . 
  `` whatever '' she responded dismissively . 
  the pair retreated to another bus stop a short distance down the road to whisper and cackle at each other for a minute or so , before returning . 
  the shorter girl leant against a bollard a few feet away , pulled out her phone and fiddled with it . 
  the taller of the pair leant against the side of the metal fence - just a couple of feet in front and to the right of me . 
  she was without the shelter of the bus stop roof , but perfectly placed to elbow me aside and steal not only my ride home , but my dignity . 
  she glanced at me for a moment , then turned to face away from me . 
  we stood in silence for a few minutes , time i spent trying to set fire to her with my eyes . 
  i really did n't want to add to my already grumpy state by admitting defeat , but neither did i want to physically shove them out of the way - pikey and irritating as they were , they were still young girls . 
  i considered saying something , but given my previous limp performance i did n't feel particularly confident , and i doubted it would have lead to anything other than shrieked insults anyway . 
  i spotted an empty taxi waiting at a set of traffic lights , waiting to turn onto the road we were waiting on . 
  the girls had n't spotted it yet , but would certainly succeed if they tried to get to it before me . 
  i noticed the taller girl leaning on the edge of the fence was still wearing her backpack , squashing it against the railing . 
  in an almost unheard of flash of inspiration , i reached into to the bag i was carrying , and pulled out a foot long cable tie we 'd been using earlier to secure network cables . 
  reached forward , i pushed the tie through a loop formed by her backpack 's clasp then brought the ends together around the rail of the metal fence . 
  the taxi pulled up just as i pulled the tie a couple of notches through . 
  the girl bolted forwards a step and a half , was stopped by the tie , then spiralled away to the right as her left arm slipped out of the backpack 's straps . 
  she stumbled into her friend , tripped and fell into a convenient puddle , with her arm still caught in the backpack . 
  by this time i already had the taxi door open and was climbing inside . 
  i slammed the door to a cry of `` you fackin ' cunt !, 
  '' , and got an enthusiastic thumbs up from the chap behind me in the queue . 
  childish , yes . 
  cheered me up , though . 
  yeah those sneaky bastards using the popularity of diamonds and horses to sell their wares . 
  maybe have a go with plain js ? 
  when i was looking for an excuse to try out canvas , i ended up writing a little asteroids-a-like . 
  it was actually much easier than i thought , despite having precisely zero games programming experience . 
  the whole thing took about a day and ended up coming in at under 500 lines ( although i 'll admit it 's not the best implementation , and missing a few things ) . 
  for a simple game ( which most of the old vector ones are ) i think it 's perfectly feasible to use plain js . 
  although i 'm sure i was n't the first to [ complain about it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ideasfortheadmins/comments/cu6kx/remove_underscores_from_comment_markdown/ ) , or suggest a solution , i am nonetheless going to claim the idea as my own . 
  thanks for implementing * my * suggestion , guys !, 
  one of the many things i like about reddit is that it * does n't * look like a typical forum , with a tiny quantity of content surrounded by utterly pointless images , text formatting , emoteicons , meme pics , etc. 
  please do n't do this . 
  superficial ? 
  i enjoy the occasional pun thread and one-liner from time to time , but they can get in the way of real discussion occasionally . 
  i do n't think we need to add * more * ways for people to post the superficial stuff . 
  i just do n't really relish the idea of turning reddit into [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/chqt1/click_the_left_arrow_to_download_circlejerk_30/ ) ( except possibly worse , as afaik even circlejerk does n't allow arbitrary images , just stuff defined in the subreddit css ) . 
  the concept of allowing images in text-only submissions is n't too bad ( although there are some minor privacy concerns with that , depending on implementation ) . 
  but on the other hand , i do n't think it 'd add much of value , and there 's a chance it 'd push people * further * towards image-based rather than text-based content . 
  possibly a half-way house would work : allowing a single image to be uploaded , which is hosted by reddit , and resized to fit nicely in the text content area ( maybe linked to the original image ) . 
  that might help with posts that are of the `` look at my ___ '' nature without it getting out of hand . 
  but then in that situation you 're probably better off just linking to the image . 
  it just does n't seem necessary to me . 
  to be fair , though , she 's pretty good at all of them . 
  holy fucking shit that 's the most fucking disturbing thing i 've ever seen . 
  the videos are bizarre , something 's clearly not right , but she 's cooing over it and ignoring the . . twitching . 
  and the hats . 
  oh my god the hats . 
  it 's like a horror film . 
  that 's a damn long 3 minutes, 
  but they 're only worth three fifths of the karma of a native redditor . 
  there are [ cooler ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sealand ) examples , 
  ah but if they 'd let them do that , they 'd have left and come to reddit . 
  they 're probably limited by their own system . 
  or , at least , not wanting to make ( potentially far-reaching ) code changes just to support some shenanigans they never expected to be desperate enough to try . 
  while the digg count you see is almost certainly cached somewhere ( and probably could be altered temporarily ) , but whatever it is that updates that cache probably goes off and looks the raw data ( which , from looking at the api output is likely to be a list of users that dugg the link ) . 
  so in order to make the illusion complete , without changing loads of code , it 's not unreasonable to think that they had to go all the way and create some dummy users to assign the fake diggs to . 
  they could have picked some better usernames , though . 
  it is , but , if they were to admit that to the world then they 'd lose another 30 % of their users . 
  ( remember the saydrah lynching ? 
  and that was over an * alleged * conflict of interest , with no admins involved ) . 
   you do n't make a site without having some sort of monetization in mind, 
  many many now high-profile sites did exactly that , with no plan beyond `` uh , sell it to google ? '' . 
  i 'd actually go as far to say that the successful ones ( by `` successful '' i mean `` still useful and popular '' , not `` sold for a bunch of cash to a competitor and disappeared '' ) are exactly the ones that do n't have much of a plan besides wanting to provide a particular service in the best way they can . 
  it 's waaaaay less tedious than torrents . 
  my setup will download a 1080p rip in 30 mins , par check it , fetch pars and repair if necessary , extract , rename and stick in the correct spot on my fileserver . 
  all data goes via ssl , is fast enough to max my 50mbit connection ( that 's 5 + mb/sec ) , and the entire process can be started with a single click in an indexing site ( even from a remote location . 
  i can log in and start a download with my iphone , for example ) . 
  once it 's done it 'll pop up a notice to say it 's done on my xbmc box , or ( if it 's not on ) send a growl notification to my laptop , or ( if * that 's * not on ) , email me . 
  tv downloads are even better , i tell it what shows i want , what format to get them in and where to put them .
