  this conspires to make it a * little * more likely for another drive to die . 
  if it 's raid1 or 10 ( or some variant thereof ) , there 's not much extra work necessary to continue providing the same data , so performance wo n't be degraded , and there should n't be any reason for another drive to be more likely to fail . 
  that said , however , my experience is that unless the drives are relatively new , they tend to fail in groups . 
  ( this seems to be especially true for dell 's drives . 
  all the same batch , i suppose ) . 
  this happens frequently enough that we 'll often schedule a replacement for all the drives after one dies , if they 're more than a year or so old . 
  tl ; dr : if it 's raid5 , get that shit replaced . 
  if it 's 1/10/etc , it can * probably * wait a few days in a pinch . 
  how many irish grandmothers does it take to change a lightbulb ? 
  ah do n't you worry now . 
  you go out and have fun , i 'll just sit here in the dark . 
  my dad used to do this , but he did n't trust the backspace key ( i think he had to use some ancient terminal based thing at work back in the day and backspace did n't work ) . 
  so he 'd left-arrow all the way to the error ( once for each character . 
  he did n't trust key-repeat either ) , then press del ( once for each character again ) , and then retype . 
  drove me * nuts * . 
  i 'd pay good money for a daskeyboard with illuminated keys , * if * it were designed such that the legends were n't visible until the illumination was switched on . 
  that way you 'd get the blank keyboard , but with the option to puss out if you 're not hardcore enough for it . 
  the worry that i would n't be able to type on it and i 'd have to swap to a different keyboard is the only thing stopping me buying one . 
  if you 're writing an article that references mission impossible , and you 're going to make two jokes about the possibility of said mission , you better make sure they 're not contradictory . 
  the only conclusion i can reach is people with opinions like that are secretly gay child molesters , and it 's only fear of their god 's wrath that prevents them from buggering every small child in sight to death . 
  please go talk to the guys over in [ / r/suicidewatch ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/suicidewatch ) . 
  perl programmer here . 
  perl 's ` strict ` pragma is what enforces declaration of lexical variables , it does help catch some things ( although after a while you get trained not to make those mistakes any more ) . 
  i personally like it , but i have no problems with languages that do n't enforce it . 
  to be honest , it 's a silly thing to argue about . 
  perl does have some [ nice stuff ] ( http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?moose ) , but this is a minor difference at best . 
  the ` strict ` pragma does n't apply to everything . 
  ask him if he ever gets his hash keys wrong . 
  i rarely do , and he probably does n't either . 
  yeah that 's not really camping . 
  a lot of things that get called camping are really just `` good defensive play '' or `` planning ahead '' . 
  * real * camping ( like spawn camping ) is far less of a problem in tf2 than other games ( not least because players just leaving the spawn are just as effective as players who have been running around for a bit , due to the lack of weapon pickups ) . 
  if you 're able to spawn camp in tf2 for any length of time then , well , that 's your reward for being more organised than the other team . 
  and if you 're * being * spawn camped , all it really takes is for one or two people to pause before running out alone , or maybe someone switching to medic for a coupla minutes . 
  it could be the server you 've chosen . 
  sort the server list by latency and look for a quicker one . 
  otherwise , switch off torrent clients , reboot your modem/router , kill your web browser , and check to make sure you do n't have any viruses . 
  try pinging something with the system 's ping ( win + r type ` cmd ` , type ` ping / t google.com ` ) and see what kinda latency you should expect from tf2 . 
  try this . 
  close your web browser , wait five minutes , crack open cmd again and type ` netstat ` . 
  that should give you a list of all the currently open network connections . 
  if you 've got more than a dozen or so where the remote address is n't your computer 's name , you might have something making network connections that you do n't know about . 
  otherwise , check your router for any unauthorised wireless clients , that 's worth a look . 
  certain jobs pay more than you might expect . 
  for example , people working with unpleasant stuff like sewage or refuse will be paid a little more than those with nice cushy office jobs , even if there are no particular skills required for their job . 
  this is simple supply and demand , because the work is less appealing , higher wages have to be offered to attract people to do the job . 
  so , what i 'm saying is , all those people being rude to you are actually making your wages slightly higher . 
  ( note : i do agree that it 's unfair and just plain stupid to be rude to cs reps. 
  the above rant [ or an extended version thereof ] is what i save for telemarketers when they object to me calling them arseholes . 
  the point stands , though  ) . 
  some cases already have filters , and you can fit aftermarket filters to common-sized fans . 
  but filters reduce the effectiveness of case fans , and since many cases have pretty high flow rates , a lot of the dust that would have just passed straight through will be collected , and you 'll have to clean the things frequently . 
  really , the best thing to do is make sure your case has positive pressure . 
  that is , more intake fans than exhaust fans . 
  this makes a * significant * difference to the amount of dust that collects . 
  ie6 was pretty much the only reliable browser choice for many years . 
  netscape 6 usage was rare , opera still charged money , and few other browsers even existed . 
  it took a long time for firefox ( then phoenix , later firebird ) to become popular . 
  ms were sticking to their `` ie7 wo n't be available for xp '' line . 
  the browser world was pretty bleak . 
  but corporations marched onward . 
  proprietary stuff added in ie4 , 5 , 5.5 and 6 were all used heavily by developers ( not least because ms did n't document what was and what was n't standard until ie6 ) , and * years * worth of internal applications and intranet code was written . 
  most of which inextricably interwoven with said proprietary stuff . 
  that shit * still exists * . 
  probably more of it than you could ever imagine . 
  should it have been written to work with just one version of one browser ? 
  of course not . 
  but ie6 was effectively the * only browser in the world * for a very long time . 
  long enough for it to become so deeply ingrained into large company infrastructure that we 're still living with the repercussions now . 
  personally i think the solution is to install a modern browser ( as default ) for general web browsing , but leave ie6 on the system , using htas to deliver applications . 
  but many windows shops are still wary of anything that is n't microsoft , so that does n't happen very often , and people are stuck with shitty browsers . 
  because there 's a good chance that a significant number of people use said fifth browser . 
  while delivering different-looking , slightly less pretty content to those people is fine , do you really want to turn them away because you ca n't be arsed ? 
  check your stats before you make any decisions on browser support . 
  brown milk is so much more wholesome . 
  there are tons of ways you could go about identifying spammers , the trick is to do it efficiently , automatically , in a way that is n't easily-gameable ( eg , ` url-shortener = spammer ' will simply mean spammers stop using shorteners ) , all while keep false positives to an acceptable level . 
  that shit ai n't easy . 
  i got a nonsensical answer first time i tried . 
  then i realised which bit i got wrong . 
  yep . 
  number of seconds in a day . 
  you can download a tarball from github . 
  you bastard . 
  ( you know you fucked up , right ? 
  ` a ' is 97 , not 96 ) . 
  depends what you want to do with it . 
  * raid1 over four drives will give you a pretty bulletproof storage system , but only 500gb of space . 
  kinda overkill , i think . 
  raid1 is usually best in applications where redundancy and reliability are more important than performance and space . 
  * raid5 has slow write performance ( unless you drop significant cash on a quality card ) . 
  it 's only really suitable for mass storage applications ( ie `` write [ almost ] once '' type stuff . 
  would be good for backups , or a media server if turnover is relatively low , for example ) . 
  * raid0 is kinda reckless ( particularly over four drives : if you lose one drive , you lose * everything * ) . 
  it is n't actually much of a speed benefit outside of a few very specific applications . 
  * raid10 ( 0 +1 / 1 +0 , whichever ) gives pretty good redundancy , and will be at least as fast as a single drive ( basically raid0 speed ) , but you 'll only get 1tb of storage . 
  good for anything where you want performance and redundancy . 
  databases love raid10 . 
  if you need more performance than a single drive will give you , then i 'd go raid10 . 
  if you want more space than 1tb then my advice would be a concatenated set ( `` jbod '' , whatever ) . 
  i 'd avoid raid0 entirely , unless you 're going to be storing temporary data on it ( they 're good for a video editing scratch disk , a precomputed cache database , etc , but not a lot else ) .
