  at least , i ca n't say for certain . 
  personally i think it 's because people have trouble dealing with the fact that life is inherently unfair '', 
  him : `` why ? '', 
  me : `` wow . . well , because we think things * should * be fair - we thing bad people will eventually get their come-uppance and good people will be rewarded for their actions '', 
  him : `` what 's com-pence ? '', 
  me : ( fuck , he 's taking this shit * in * still ?! ), 
  `` it means they get what they deserve for being bad '', 
  him : `` why ? '', 
  ... i could go on , but this questioning continued for a good half an hour , and my memory 's pretty hazy ( as it is the stuff above is only half-right . 
  it 's close though ) . 
  we covered a bit of biology , physics , more about religion , and , bizarrely , the physical differences between black people and white people ( although i ca n't remember how we got onto it , i * do * remember treading rather carefully around that one ) . 
  the conversation continued that night without the kid , but between the blokes i was sharing a tent with ( with the assistance of some weed . 
  we * were * at a hippy festival , after all ) . 
  strange kid . 
  ah that does indeed sound like a pain in the arse . 
  i 'll admit that 's well outside my area of expertise ( ` make installdeps ` ftw ) . 
  worth trying par or something ? 
  edit : about the increased memory footprint thing . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  but it 's not a very good reason to avoid external deps . 
  if you need code to do x , then it 's going to take up some memory whether you rewrite it or whether you reuse someone else 's code . 
  admittedly , moose is a bit different as it will increase memory use over using traditional perl objects simply by virtue of there being more code loaded . 
  that 's a reasonable objection if your platform is limited somehow , but if not , then you 're into the old developer-time-vs-hardware-cost arguments . 
  can you say [ foobar2000 ] ( http://www.foobar2000.org/ ) ? 
  that 's actually really very cool . 
  small and simple , straight-forward code ( at least , nothing hairy that i can see ) , no deps . 
  and , most importantly , confers a nice readable syntax on a language construct that can often be kinda nasty . 
  i 'm going to start using that in my current projects . 
  that 's good , but i 'm not sure it 's four-exclamation-marks good . . 
  of course it * can * be used in print . 
  you can use fixedsys in print if you must , but that 's not what it was designed for . 
  verdana was specifically designed to look good and be readable on screen , at small sizes and low resolutions . 
  it has many design features to support this use , and it works rather well for its intended purpose . 
  it was * not * designed for use in print , and the same design features that make it a good screen font conspire to make it a substandard print font . 
  you can use it if you want , but given there are thousands of fonts out there that are far better suited to print , using it over one of those seems rather daft to me . 
  well , the first thing is to make sure you have a specification of some description ( it does n't have to be in ridiculous detail , just something that maps out what you 're doing , what you need from them to do it , and sometimes what 's outside the scope of the project ) . 
  build in some time for them to change their mind about stuff ( it 'll happen !, 
  ) , and make sure you plan to show them progress as you go ( getting change requests earlier rather than later is much less disruptive ) . 
  get that all agreed up front , along with a deadline and costs based on the work you need to do . 
  then when they come back asking for new stuff you can refer back to what they originally agreed to , and modify things accordingly . 
  when it happens , there 's no need to be hostile about it . 
  people are terrible at communicating what they actually need , so it 's not uncommon for this to happen . 
  i tend to go with `` okay , we can do that . 
  i 'll get the spec with this new stuff , new costs and new completion date to you by wednesday ! '' . 
  usually they 're all `` wait , what ?!, 
  '' , and then you can actually have a sensible conversation about why more work = takes longer and costs more , and alter the original agreement to reflect the extra work . 
  if it 's all planned out and agreed to up front , people tend to be far more accepting . 
  either that or they say `` okay ! '', 
  and you can just charge accordingly without any hassle . 
  i have one too . 
  they 're not as bad as that list of disadvantages makes out . 
  in fact , i quite like it . 
  the shower thing is definitely a problem , but can be fixed with a thermostatic shower mixer . 
  not ideal , i know , but they 're reasonably cheap . 
  the water pressure i get in the shower with this thing is way above that of a cold water tank in the loft ( 2 floors up , but no pump ) . 
  water does take a few seconds to kick in , and it ca n't handle producing a lot of hot water at once ( if you have two taps on there 's a noticeable but not dramatic drop in pressure ) , but in general use this really is n't a significant problem . 
  fitting them to old houses is tricky too . 
  we had a few problems with leaking pipes and radiators ( it increases the whole system to mains pressure , so we sprung a few leaks ) , which could be a big problem depending on the house . 
  it 's definitely cheaper to run , though . 
  although i did n't really choose it for this , based on my very rough calculations , i 'll break even on it in about 6 years . 
  but then the boiler it replaced was very old and rather inefficient . 
  the main reason i like it is it dramatically simplified the old , horrible plumbing in the house . 
  fitting it allowed us to remove the hot water tank from the bathroom , and the cold water tank from the loft , plus a ton of pipes . 
  of all the boilers and crazy water heating setups i 've lived with over the years ( lived in 8 places in the last 10 years ) , this is definitely the least annoying . 
  i 'm happy with the thing . 
  it 's small , quiet , seems pretty reliable , efficient , gives better water pressure , freed up a lot of space , and generally gets on and does its job decently without me having to care about it . 
  temperature control in the shower is achieved by mixing hot and cold water . 
  yeah , but the lowest setting ( on anything but those small , underpowered heaters ) is usually way above what you 'd want in the shower . 
    the installation cost is no different, 
   i find that hard to believe . 
  the system ( at least externally ) is much simpler . 
  just cold in , hot out , and the central heating system . 
  no tanks or pumps to worry about . 
  and these days they 're pretty simple to install ( the chap who installed ours did it in about an hour ) , and do n't require any setup or tuning . 
  so that probably accounts for the similar installation cost . 
  they are definitely more heavily reliant on the throughput of the plumbing system , so i can see why you might have trouble in an old house , and it 's unfortunate you had problems with them . 
  but generally speaking they seem to just work . 
  [ here 's an example ] ( http://www.plumbworld.co.uk/architeckt-linear-2634-15912?cawelaid=205023211 ) . 
  it 's just a replacement set of taps . 
  it works with some bi-metallic strip setup to tweak the hot water in the mix before it comes out . 
  yeah i am in the uk . 
  they 're very common over here , especially in rental accommodation . 
  i 've lived in a lot of places with lots of different water heating systems ( oil-fired boilers , electric boilers , tiny kitchen-cupboard-sized combi boilers ) , but this is the first decent combi boiler i 've had . 
  must say it 's the least annoying . 
  no , but , we bought a slightly run-down house , so any savings i would have had would have been spent on something else by now . 
  edit : besides , interest rates are awful here at the moment . 
  my savings account ( with the whole # 3 that 's in it ) gets something like 0.75 % interest . 
  fuck that . 
  i 've bought most of their albums at least twice . 
  got to . 
  this america , man . 
  i spent it on a boiler , dude . 
  we 've been though this , 
  the shower thing is . . well . . people are complaining about it a lot , and having experienced a traditional shower connected up to a combi boiler , i can completely see why . 
  but a half-decent thermostatic shower makes a dramatic difference . 
  in fact the only difference i can notice now is the water pressure is far higher . 
  i 'm sure at the top end a well set-up boiler with a hot and cold water tanks has the potential to be better than a combi boiler . 
  there are some downsides of combi boilers that are minor , but ca n't be fixed by getting a better one . 
  biggest being the delay between turning on the hot tap and getting hot water . 
  even the best combi boiler is going to take a few seconds to kick in .
