  only a few quid , but i was annoyed enough to complain , they ended up giving me a healthy discount as an apology . 
  i do n't know whether it was a legitimate mistake or a nasty scheme to make money out of people too lazy to check . 
  not an endorsement as i have n't ever claimed , but they seem fairly friendly - just do n't trust them at renewal time . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone will try robbing you when you 're riding . 
  if they do , hit them with the massively heavy u-lock you 'll have to buy to qualify for insurance , 
  sooo , how to count in binary . 
  actually fairly useful if you 're a programmer or engineer . 
  disagree . 
  am programmer , have used this information ( and generally non-base-10 number schemes ) many times . 
  very handy . 
  i love that it 's red yellow and blue in place of red green and blue . 
  fills me with nerdy designery joy . 
  in the uk , if you buy anything from the internet and have it delivered , you automatically have 30 days to return it for any reason you like . 
  slap-a the shit *, 
  tall fat guys would appreciate some larger chest sizes too . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  you 're my new favourite . 
  because different devices and browsers render webpages differently ( consider the difference between browsing on a phone vs a desktop computer ) , producing an html page is n't really about precisely aligning every element . 
  it 's more about describing rules for the document for the browser to follow when rendering it , which it then applies to the device it 's rendering for . 
  so while software packages exist already that do what you 're asking , they 're not a very effective way to make webpages , and you 'll be hard pressed to find a professional-looking site made with one . 
  interesting . 
  i wonder how they tested . 
  i recently bought some unnecessarily swanky artisan tomato ketchup from the local hipster cafe , which is lovely with bacon and even tastes good on its own . 
  but it 's fucking awful with chips . 
  heinz ketchup tastes awful on its own , but nothing else is quite right . 
  i realise it might be contrary to the minimal aesthetic , but clips on pens serve and important purpose : they stop them from rolling away !, 
  my phone autocorrected `` do eet ! '', 
  to `` so wet ! '', 
  the other day . 
  that took some explaining . 
  dunked mine in a bowlful of stanky washing up water , still going strong . 
  surely you just `` drive '' your `` car '' to the court . 
  make sure to take off your helmet and catch your breath before walking in though . . 
  that 's a terribly inhumane way to euthanise a living thing !, 
  they could potentially bill you at any time so i 'd probably pay the money into a savings account and pretend it does n't exist for a bit . 
  then probably keep it going as long as i could and either pay them when they notice or walk away quids in whenever you decide to move on . 
  milk it out , dude . 
  milk it out . 
  bend it side to side ( ie in the direction the chain does n't want to go ) , if that does n't loosen it up then you can use a chain tool to carefully try to spread the side plates . 
  best way i 've found is to push a fraction of a millimetre on one side then do the same in the other , usually sorts it out . 
  careful not to push the pin out tho !, 
  i 'm pooping now . 
  i 've got me a cup of tea , a toilet guitar ( yes i play guitar on the pan , perks of living alone ) it 's warm , i 've got a solid internet connection . 
  i 'm happy here !, 
  no , in normal use i do n't believe the space is ever returned , but it does get marked for reuse ( that 's what vacuum and autovacuum do ) . 
  you can return the disk space be rewriting the table ( vacuum full , cluster , i think some alter table changes , etc ), 
  indeed . 
  having a `` dead '' column wo n't help much either , as updates are ( basically ) a delete of the old record and an insert of the new one . 
  what do you call a man with 12 rabbits up his bum ? 
  warren . 
  i 'm not sure you can rape a virgin * twice * . 
  so , cyclists then ? 
  cyclists in `` liking things intended for cyclists '' shocker !, 
  when she cried for literally 36 hours because she had a dream i cheated on her . 
  cheesy rice-egg . 
  the ingredients are , wait for it ... cheese , rice and egg . 
  approximately 1:2:1 ratio . 
  microwave that bitch until the outside is cooked but the inside is still a big eggy and runny , stir in some tuna ( or ham or random meat ) , add hot sauce , shovel into face . 
  the trick to fitting tyres without tools is to get the bead into the dip in the centre of the rim . 
  if you can do that all the way round , pretty much any tyre will slip on easily . 
  here 's my method . 
  have n't found a tyre i could n't fit this way :, 
  remove one shoe and sock ( trust me ), 
  put the tyre on ( just one bead ) , align the valve at the top ( helps keep the valve straight if it 's at the top ), 
  slip the second bead onto the rim at the top ( should be easy ), 
  place your hands at the top of the wheel , squeezing the bead into the rim and pushing down, 
  run your hands around the tyre so you squeeze the bead into the centre and push it as far into the rim as you can . 
  stop about half way, 
  keeping everything taut , grab the rim as well as the tyre where your hands currently are, 
  flip the wheel over , keeping as much pressure on the tyre as you can to keep the bead in the centre of the rim, 
  stick your bare foot on the rim to hold it down , spokes between your toes ( or alternatively , start again actually following step 1 this time now you realise i 'm not joking  ), 
  pull your hands up , doing the same squeezing and pushing motion, 
  by the time you get to the top of the tyre , you should have plenty of slack, 
  if it does n't work , have another go concentrating on getting the bead central and pushed in , and try to keep pressure on when you flip the wheel . 
  common mistake is having too much air in the tyre . 
  the skookumest choocher on the interwebs, 
  that precisely describes the symptoms my mid-2012 rmbp suffers . 
  i just called the applecare guy and he told me my model was n't eligible for any repair programmes so it would have to be a paid repair :(, 
  that page does seem to suggest that the models listed are affected ... 
  i wonder if there 's anything i can do about that ? 
  no , for reasons mentioned elsewhere . 
  however , it is possible to mark tables as [ unlogged ] ( http://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/sql-createtable.html#sql-createtable-unlogged ) , which prevents them from being replicated ( but does mean they 'll be truncated in the case of a crash ) . 
  you can in my 2015 2 series , you pull the physical key out and use it to prise the back cover off . 
  my friend 's 6 series has basically the same key ( it has more aluminium on it though ) . . 
  i would have thought they 'd be too hard to light for a proper tournament !, 
  okay i 've been doing too much perl , i spotted that as soon as i saw the first error message and went back to check line 21 ( almost always if you get a ton of crazy errors the line referenced in the very first one contains a daft syntax error ) . 
  they 're awesome !, 
  i learnt after having my card frozen several times from steam transactions that it 's much better to pay for them with paypal . 
  the money comes off the same card but i never have trouble with paypal . 
  it 's actually super easy , and means you only dirty one hand and your scissors ( which , if you 're like me you wo n't need again for this meal so can be tossed in the sink ) , rather than having a knife and a board that you probably need to reuse . 
  let us know how it turns out , op !, 
  feel fit in cowley centre is pretty cheap, 
  nice photo ( but a bit too heavy on the hdr effects ), 
  why do i need some ridiculous site-specific app to watch a video ? 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  he 's done that before . . 
  norm is fine when he 's not talking to adam , when he is it feels like he 's constantly interrupting to prove he already knows what adam 's talking about . 
  which i 'm sure he does , but the whole point of having them both there is so adam can tell norm stuff and we can watch/learn . 
  otherwise it 's just two nerdy dudes nodding about how awesome they both are .
