  some of which have have developed several times in completely isolated cultures . 
  look at all the extra effort scientists go to bypass their own flawed perception and create data that can be proven mathematically to be significant . 
  we as a species definitely have a problem with seeing patterns where none exist . 
  edit : ( to answer the second part of your question ) , identifying patterns is * really * important to us . 
  that 's how we progress scientifically and technologically . 
  it 's how farming developed , how we became decent hunters ( despite being ), 
  wow , some of those are ridiculously cheap . 
  cheap enough that it might actually being worth having a go at doing something with one !, 
  i. . have a hard time with this . 
  but that 's mainly because of me and my exposure to music . 
  i listen to a lot of lofi , noisy , punky stuff ( which often has terrible production values , and was generally produced on a shoestring budget ) , and a lot of live albums . 
  which i 'm assuming are n't things that cost a fortune . 
  the only producer i can think of off the top of my head is steve albini ( and i know he hates being called a producer  ) ... 
  so these are honest questions :, 
  does it really take tens of thousands to produce an album ? 
  are there significant numbers of ` rock star ' producers , and are they * really * worth the money they command ? 
  there are so many genres of music that have come from nothing , with music recorded either live or on tiny budgets , my feeling is that it 's not * really * necessary to throw the amounts of money only major labels can command at it . 
  is it ? 
  their only mistake was being so damn tasty . 
  because they 're primarily carnivores ( scavengers , so really omnivores , but at least historically , meat is a big part of the dog 's diet . 
  as evidenced by their teeth ) . 
  carnivores ingest considerably more protein than herbivores , leading to far richer ( and tougher ) meat , which is n't all that palatable to humans . 
   perhaps , although i 'd bet it stops people from using the same password everywhere more than it stops people from using a process to come up with good passwords . 
  that 's a good point , but it 's only stopping people with reasonably * good * passwords from reusing the one they always use . 
  not really a win , if you ask me . 
  i owned that game !, 
  what 's * fucking * scary is i recognise all the scenes in that video . 
  which means i must have made * some * progress . 
  [ there is no number 6 !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f_p0cgpeya#t=2m32s ), 
  i believe it originally became a fashionable thing to do because having baggy clothing suggested that you had older brothers ( who would presumably kick the ass of anyone who bothered you ) . 
  the loose pants thing was because people just released from prison would n't have a belt . 
  i have no idea where i heard those little nuggets of trivia , nor how true they are , though . 
  i could imagine pretty much any of the characters he 's played flipping out in exactly the same way . 
  awesome . 
  well i started out with normal porn mags when i was young , but ever since have been looking for harder and harder stuff . 
  now i can only get off with pictures of * completely * naked women . 
  seems like it . 
  which means the op does n't know what he 's actually seeing . 
  that guy is wearing a [ dead kenndys ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dead_kennedys ) tshirt . 
  they were about as anti-racist as you could possibly get . 
  one of their more famous tunes was called [ nazi punks fuck off ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_punks_fuck_off ! ) . 
  good photo though . 
  edit : although , it is fair to say that there was a time when racism and punk music were n't completely separate . 
  it did n't last long though . 
  ( the racist element splintered off in the direction of skinhead , but were soon rejected from that too ) . 
  i like them , man . 
  i 'll admit that 's bad recording of a live version of an already rather raw track . 
  try something a bit more [ produced ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ktsxhxmkja ) if you really want to know what they 're like . 
  oh , and , [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm0t99wmscm ) is a great little rant about the music industry in song form , with a really good [ story behind it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pull_my_strings ) . 
  ( try to stick with it until the chorus , it 's very funny  ), 
  that 's possibly the single most amusing comment i 've read on reddit since , well , ever . 
  it 's not much of a stretch to imagine that a white kid in the 80s had minimal exposure to black people , and completely innocently made the connection to the only recognisable black face he could think of . . 
  that ai n't racism , man . 
  nor is saying black people tend to have curly hair and wide noses . 
  it 's only racism if you treat them as less of a person because of it . 
  well , apparently the chap laughed , so does n't sound like it troubled him * that * much . 
  to be honest , little kids are pretty much immune from accusations of racism , simply because a ) most communities are becoming more multicultural ( ie , any given child will likely have relatively more exposure to people who `` look different '' than their parents have ) and b ) it 's actually a tricky concept for a child to get their head around . 
  and i think most people get that . 
  i 'd laugh my arse off if some black kid pointed at me on the bus and said `` look mommy , a cracka ! '' . 
  i doubt i 'd have any problem saying that it would have `` made my day '' . 
  maybe my life is too boring ... 
  every fucking time , man . 
  does n't help much , at least judging by the frequency with which i fuck up plugging things into vga sockets . 
  you can improve the quality of your photos using a camera , rather than a phone . . 
  if it comes with a usb mouse and keyboard , then it does make * some * sense , otherwise your choices are either a connector sticking out waiting to be kicked , or plugging that into the back . 
  but really only if there 's also some normal flush-mounted usb sockets on the front for memory sticks , etc. 
  sure it was n't a rectangular cutout ? 
  my apple keyboard 's usb connector ( and the extension that comes with it ) has one . 
  i have n't been able to work out why , though . 
  the only effect seems to be to stop the usb extension from being used for other things , but if that 's the sole reason , it seems a bit too vindictive , even for apple . 
  maybe the extension is n't completely compliant with the spec , and the funny connector is so they do n't get in trouble with some licensing body ? 
  ( the usb ports on the keyboard itself do n't seem to work with normal devices , so it kinda fits ) . 
  if anyone knows , i 'd be interested !, 
  milk-in-first is the only acceptable method if using a pot . 
  milk-in-last is the only acceptable method if using a teabag . 
  i used to respect you . 
  unacceptable !, 
  the bunk ca n't swim !, 
  3.5 minutes for a pot , about 2 minutes for a cup with a bag . 
  milk in first if you 're using the pot , last if you 're going with the bag . 
  many years of scientific experimentation has convinced me that caffeine levels do n't peak . 
  the longer you leave it , the more caffeine you 're going to get . 
  but if you leave it too long , it 'll be at the expense of a decent cup of tea . 
  well . 
  the process by which dna mutation occurs is randomness on top of more randomness ( the mutations are random , and the source data is selected randomly from the parent 's combined dna ) . 
  the only part of the mechanism that is n't random is the part that tests each alteration for fitness . 
  and the outcome of that depends on a number of internal and external factors ( all of which are there because of randomness on top of randomness again ) . 
  and the fact that life exists at all is pretty much down to random chance ( there 's no mechanism to promote abiogenesis , it had to bootstrap itself ) . 
  so , you 're * right * , but chance has played a * huge * part in getting us here . 
  mutation has no order . 
  occasionally the dna replication mechanism ( and its built-in error detection/correction ) fails , leading to mutation . 
  if you rewound evolution right back to blue-green algae and let it go again , then the world would likely end up a very different place . 
  or have no life at all . 
  there are just too many variables . 
  there are some dudes who have done this in a lab , by allowing some bacteria ( or something ) to grow , and freezing down samples at regular intervals so they could `` rewind '' and try it again at will . 
  i believe they were trying to study bacteria as it evolved to more effectively consume a new source of energy ( you 'll have to forgive my vagueness , ca n't find the articles ) . 
  but the point is , even with extremely simple organisms in a carefully controlled laboratory setting , the outcome is not the same each time . 
  hence `` random '' . 
    the only part of the mechanism that is n't random is the part that tests each alteration for fitness,
