  you 're looking for 200-250w of light ( that 's actual watts , not the claimed wattage on those energy-efficient bulbs ) in the correct spectrum at the * very * least for a modest indoor grow . 
  even then you wo n't get great results until you hit 400w , or better , 600w . 
  these lights need to be on 18 hours per day at the start ( ` veg ' growth ) and 12 hours ( during flowering ) so that is quite a jump in electricity consumption , however it 's probably small enough that it wo n't be noticed . 
  a powerful computer and monitor can suck up 400w and electric heaters can pull anything up to ( and probably above ) 2kw , so it 's not that much of a problem . 
  in that post , they guy is using something like 2.5 kw , which is probably enough to get you noticed ( tho maybe not if you start in the winter ), 
  the methods described there are relatively advanced ( although not hard , probably too much to think about to begin with ) involving mother plants from which he takes clones and grows them up in a hydroponic system ( nft : nutrient film technique , basically just roots in a channel through which nutrients flow ) rather than soil . 
  he 's also maintaining at least two ( and i think three ) separate grow areas , each needing different light , lighting cycles and nutrients . 
  a first home grow can consist of simply a cupboard or closet with some ventilation , some lighting , pots , decent soil , commercial nutrients ( ideally those designed specifically for the purpose , unless you enjoy reading about nitrogen , potassium and phosphorus quantities ) , a few seeds and a bit of your time every day or two . 
  lighting for a first grow can be as simple as 250w worth of compact flourescent light ( you need the ` cool white ' lights for the initial grow , and ` warm white ' for the flowering period ) . 
  there are commercial lighting systems you can buy cheaply designed specifically for this purpose . 
  best advice i can offer if you 're interested is to find yourself a grow shop ( there are lots of them around ) . 
  they 'll be able to provide you with a ` starter kit ' of sorts , and some basic advice to get you going . 
  depends on the cat , to be honest . 
  we currently have two rescue cats we raised from about 8 weeks old . 
  they were born to a wild mother in a shed and spent the first couple of weeks of their lives hiding under a lawnmower . 
  for the first six months or so of their life they were rather wild - did not like human contact , refused to be toilet trained , were very territorial , and tried everything they could to get outside and explore . 
  to the point where they would spend their days staring out of the window crying . 
  we were told we 'd need to keep them inside for at least 3 months , we ended up letting them outside after two ) . 
  ( they both immediately shot up a tree and got stuck . 
  but that 's another story that i still bear the scars of  ) . 
  over the next week or so they got used to the catflap , coming back in for dinner , almost immediately trained themselves to shit outside ( which was a bonus ) , and very quickly changed their personalities to be a lot more friendly towards us . 
  if you do get a cat that you intend to keep inside , make sure it has been raised indoors , and around humans - otherwise i suspect they will never be happy unless you allow them to go outside . 
  that shit is fucking horrible . 
  i particularly like the way okra appears to contain ectoplasm . 
  either , they each subtly change the meaning ( although not by much ) . 
  that is antialiased . 
  4x , i believe . 
  dude , do yourself a favour , shave it off . 
  embrace it before it becomes a last resort . 
  otherwise you 're going to be 30 , with long hair and obvious male-pattern baldness . . and you 'll look like an ageing rocker . 
  grow a beard instead !, 
  dude , do yourself a favour , shave it off . 
  embrace it before it becomes a last resort . 
  otherwise you 're going to be 30 , with long hair and obvious male-pattern baldness . . and you 'll look like an ageing rocker . 
  grow a beard instead !, 
  that is a fucking scone , not a biscuit . 
  a dumpling is a squidgy doughy thing generally put in a stew while it 's cooking . 
  they look like scones to me ( uk here  ) . 
  try clotted cream and strawberry jam ( er ` jelly ' ? ), 
  that looks like wicked fun . 
  i 'd have to be stoned tho . 
  ah okay , you definitely want jam then . 
  clotted cream is like really really thick cream . 
  looks ( and sounds ) a bit scary , and does n't taste of much on its own ( well , it tastes like rich cream ) . 
  but with some rich fruity jam , it 's excellent . 
  if you get a chance , try it . 
  y' know how jam is much nicer with butter ? 
  same effect , but waaay better . 
  i have a red diesel sweeties shirt with a heavily pixellated hammer and sickle logo . 
  i love that shirt . 
  it completely destroyed my ego when i played a flash version that described itself as an `` extremely basic and somewhat naive algorithm '' on its easiest setting . 
  i 'd love to learn , though . 
  i 've learnt that lesson too . 
  when you 're manually typing an update ( or delete ) query , type out the ` where ' clause first , 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  dean edwards , stu nicholls , ppk and many others like them have contributed a huge amount to modern webdesign . 
  they have given their time and expertise so people like you and i can get shit done without having to learn the deep dark scary inner workings of this stuff . 
  i think the only problem here is you ca n't be bothered to learn new thing , and you 're just angry because you know that you really should . 
  people make mistakes , dude . 
  this was just a fuckup . 
  happens to the best of us . 
  twat . 
  that is really bad luck mate : /, 
  i do n't think it 's a disaster , though . 
  a royal pain in the arse , yes . 
  you 've really got to assume that , in the short term at least , the domain is gone for good . 
  the kind of people that try to register expired domains are generally hoping to land a big payout in one form or another ( be that selling it back to you , selling it on , or simply covering the site in ads ) . 
  so i suspect they 're unlikely to just hand it over , and dispute resolution processes can take a long time ( although you should definitely try ) . 
  the big long-term problem you may have is how the people who visit your site find out about this fuckup . 
  if you can sort this out inside a couple of weeks , then your best bet is to stay relatively quiet and just go back to business-as-usual . 
  if not , then you 're going to want to set yourself up on a new domain and publicise the fact as widely as possible . 
  if this situation continues for a month or more , then news will start to leak out in blog posts and random comments here and there . 
  once that happens , then you 've got conflicting information out there which is only going to cause confusion later , and cause people to distrust your original domain for a while . 
  worse , if the new ` owner ' starts filling the site with ads , breaking the content , etc , then backlinks will start dropping off and your reputation may suffer . 
  obviously , assuming that you 're going to get the domain back in a timely fashion is risky . 
  as far as i can see , the only sensible choice is to set yourself up on a new domain , and let as many people as possible know that you 've moved . 
  get as many backlinks as you can changed over to your new domain , see if you can get a coupla high-profile people to blog about it , etc. 
  this would also probably be a good time for a change of look-and-feel , 
  unfortunately , that means that unless you can get it sorted out very quickly , your old domain is effectively gone for good . 
  but , if you do get it back at least you can redirect it to the new one . 
  despite being relatively well-known in the js/webdev world , he still ( up until recently , at least ) runs his site via adsl from a server in his kitchen in london . 
  the majority of the content is regarding his code projects , not a lame blog full of stolen content and dozens of ads . 
  i mean , it * could * be for the pageviews , but it 's not really a site that 's been set up to be ` monetised ' , so i find it extremely unlikely . 
  furthermore , it is in fact pointing at a polish ip address , and the domain was registered via a polish registrar . 
  which seems like rather a lot of effort to go to just for attention . 
  and , since you ask , i really do like name-calling . 
  congratulations , your girlfriend was really fucking horny . 
  when a woman is aroused , in certain positions her vagina can become somewhat , uh , cavernous . 
  this is n't a bad thing at all ( and can be lots of fun ) , but you need to be aware of it . 
  sounds like that is what you were experiencing . 
  it seems to be common ( at least , it was for me ) that many guys do n't really get what it 's like to fuck a really actually-properly-aroused woman until they 've had a few sexual partners - the first time can be a bit disconcerting ( just as you were getting the hang of sex , it 's changed ! ) . 
  as long as you take it slowly and she 's horny enough , vaginas can expand and essentially mould themselves around most things you care to put in them , so the size of your penis is rarely a problem unless you try to cram it all in immediately . 
  most girls do n't enjoy having their cervix prodded , so give her time and let her tell you when you penetrate more deeply . 
  you do n't always have to be pounding away `` balls deep '' - and in fact many women do n't always like that , and you should n't see it as your goal . 
  take it slow , do n't use too much lube ( so you can tell how aroused she is ) , and try to react to her . 
  even if she is a virgin , if you 're hurting her then you 're probably being too impatient . 
  try to focus on making sex as pleasurable for her as possible - that 's the best route to a great fuck . 
  remember that penetration is generally not the best way for her to reach orgasm , so try to learn her body and pick up on what she likes . 
  do n't be afraid to ask if she likes what you 're doing !, 
  when you do get to penetration , let her go on top .
