  but left the bag of litter out . 
  this morning i found him in the kitchen , having squeezed his head and front legs through the small hole in the corner of the litter bag , happily curling out a shit onto the kitchen floor . 
  he 's never been the sharpest tool in the shed . 
  problem they 've got is to keep the crackers at bay for weeks or months , they have to alter stuff enough so it 's not just a variation on a theme . 
  they 'll have to * completely * change how it works , just tweaking stuff a bit wo n't really help . 
  and they need new drm ideas every time . 
  they also need to maintain servers that can run the backend for this stuff for dozens ( or even hundreds ) of games simultaneously . 
  which , if they 're using lots of very different implementations , will turn into a maintenance nightmare . 
  so i ca n't see them getting to the point where they 're changing everything every time . 
  i suspect they 'll likely tweak their drm a little with big releases . 
  it wo n't be enough to buy the kind of time they have with ac2 , but if they can delay crackers by even a day or two , that 's enough to negate a large proportion of the revenue lost to piracy , particularly with heavily-marketed releases . 
  they do n't really need an excuse , though . 
  if they decide it 's not worth their time and effort , they can just stop . 
  i honestly believe that companies like adobe welcome piracy . 
  at least to some extent . 
  because of it , up and coming young designers are familiar with photoshop ( and thus more likely to stick with it ) long before they 're working somewhere that can actually afford licenses . 
  and they get that without being forced to lower prices for their primary markets , and with less risk of other applications competing on price from getting a significant foothold in the industry . 
  edit : i should point out i 'm not trying to justify pirating photoshop . 
  i use a licensed copy , although it 's probably fair to say i 'd have learnt ( and likely stuck to ) something else if piracy had n't been an option . 
  absolutely zero luck so far :(, 
  i shall continue watching match vids and sacrificing any small animals that might cross my path to the beta test gods . 
  alton brown 's method is to nuke the cream and add it to cold , but flaked chocolate . 
  i have n't tried that method , but knowing how easy it is to utterly fuck chocolate by over-microwaving it , it 's what i 'll be doing next time . 
  stick your hand in your back pocket and dewedge away . 
  edit : in polite company , or when the need for stealth dewedgification is required , it 's possible to do this from a front pocket . 
  just be careful not to stick your hand towards your nads , else the necessary rummaging might be mistaken for a less savoury activity . 
  edit : helps to have a phone or a wallet in there to pull out afterwards . 
  misdirection , yo . 
  edit again : out of the * pocket * , i mean . 
  also if he suddenly has shocked expression and shifts in his chair slightly . . 
  . . that 's a trapped pube . 
  other end . 
  also , sex . 
  [ for your viewing pleasure , sir ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ha8eo.jpg ), 
  edit : since this is a direct link to an image , you could actually post it to imgur yourself . 
  just hit the ` upload urls ' and paste the link in , 
  if they had n't got the things , they 'd have just taken a whipping from the media . 
  at the time nobody was aware that it was going to disappear into obscurity as it appears to have done . 
  seems like they did the right thing to me . 
  lucky that they turned out to not be required , but as far as i 'm aware it could easily have gone the other way . 
  bowls are n't great . 
  no heater , filter or air pump coupled with small water volume ( making it more susceptible to temperature fluctuations and quickly becoming polluted ) along with less surface area for the water to absorb oxygen make for a rather hostile environment . 
  goldfish are extremely hardy , and even they do n't survive well in bowls . 
  do n't do it . 
  get yourself a normal rectangular tank , a cheap filter and a heater if you 're in a cold-ish place . 
  if you have a decent filter , they 're extremely quiet . 
  if it 's big enough it 'll provide enough oxygenation to the water that you wont need an air pump . 
  if you want to keep fish without using electricity , try a pond . 
  once you have a tank , the rest of the equipment is really quite cheap and requires little maintenance for a small to mid-size freshwater tank . 
  plus it means you 'll be able to keep more exotic freshwater tropical fish , rather than being limited to goldfish . 
  get yourself down your nearest fish store ( independent ones are usually way better ) . 
  they 'll be able to point you in the right direction for a tank and what fish you should start with . 
  chuck in a linux live cd . 
  if that works , then you 've knackered your windows install in one of the many and varied ways in which that can happen . 
  if that 's the case , the easiest solution is a reinstall . 
  you can use the live cd to get all your data off the drive first ( or just replace the drive and put the old one in a cheap usb case so you can get at it , that 's what i usually do  ) . 
  take a cue from [ professional printers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/printing_registration ) . 
  assuming your screen is bigger than what you 're printing onto , draw a cross in each corner of your screen and a matching cross on whatever 's behind it ( you can probably just put the screen down onto a bit of card and sharpie right through it to get matching crosses on the screen and backing ) . 
  then you can just match them up every time you lay the screen down . 
  that 's a pretty good ( if very slightly conspiracy-theory-themed ) article . 
  for those interested , the bit in the video they 're showing in that gif is here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is9sxrfu-ik#t=2m3s, 
  they want to privatise royal mail ? 
   it seems it really is a choice between a giant douche and a turd sandwich . 
  yay , democracy !, 
  the advantage of a privately-owned company is they get the benefits of a free , capitalist market . 
  that basically boils down to giving the owners an incentive ( in the form of shareholder dividends , paid from profit ) to create a better product or service , and to reduce their costs so they can reduce their prices . 
  but that shit only works when there 's competition . 
  if there is no competition , then you 're handing the private sector a monopoly . 
  and in that situation , privately-owned companies do * really * badly ( or well , depending on your point of view  ) . 
  there 's no incentive for them to do anything but sit on their arse and slowly crank up their prices . 
  there are also problems with privatising parts of the country 's infrastructure that are best organised as a single , national organisation . 
  there 's no sensible way to split them up , and no real point to having several companies develop several copies of exactly the same national network , that 's just a ton of duplicated effort and investment . 
  one way to do it would be to split it up into regional services , but that 's extremely complicated , is rarely the best thing for consumers , and does n't really help much as it 's just lots of smaller monopolies ( and , yknow , it did n't work too well with the trains , did it ? 
  privatising royal mail is just going to be handing some rich business a huge monopoly . 
  i ca n't see any way that ca n't end in a massive clusterfuck . 
  if it 's supposed to be under deposit protection and is n't , courts have to award you 3x the value of the deposit , the legislation is pretty unambiguous . 
  do n't panic about the extra load on your hard drive . 
  plus they 're really cheap if it needs replacing . 
  people do n't use seedboxes because they 're worried about their drives , they use them to get their ratio high quickly without constantly hammering their home connection 's upload bandwidth . 
  if that is a concern for you , then a seedbox might be a solution . 
  if you 're still worried , one thing you can do is install a second drive ( if you have n't already ) . 
  that 'll mean your system drive is n't taking a hammering so will be slightly less likely to die . 
  you could also consider adding more ram , as your system will use this to cache blocks it 's read from the drives , meaning less reads for data it needs regularly ( i believe windows is n't as good at this as other systems , but it still does it to a degree ) . 
  you should also make sure your case cooling is sufficient to keep your drives at a reasonable temperature - heat will definitely cause premature deaths . 
  if your old drive died within a month , then there 's a good chance it was defective in some manner . 
  drives tend to either die in the first few months , or keep going almost forever . 
  after around 3 years , their chances of failure starts to increase slowly again . 
  in `` enterprise '' environments , drives tend to get replaced at around this point ( as drive failure is far more disruptive than planned downtime and the cost necessary to replace a relatively cheap drive ) . 
  but , chances are a drive in a server will be running much hotter and doing far more work than a home box . 
  so i tend to consider home drives as `` lasting forever '' if they make it past the first few months . 
  mouse cheese . 
  plusungood , or doubleplusungood . 
  newspeak fail . 
  shave your pits , woman !, 
  what the fuck ?!, 
  tex/latex document source is just text , you can edit it in a text editor . 
  any text editor . 
  even one of those new-fangled real-time [ collaborative editors ] ( http://collabedit.com/ ) . 
  and has been mentioned , can be effectively edited ( by several people at once ) and merged with version control systems . 
  unlike word docs ( yes , even the xml-based formats .
