  this is a / design / concept , not technology . 
  this is the absolute worst kind of blogspam - reposting other people 's work without adding anything ( and in this case completely misrepresenting it ) , and then spamming it on social media sites with clickbait titles . 
  take your worthless self-promotional shite and fuck off . 
  japan . 
  or the footgina is small . 
  in which case japan are back in the mix ... 
  tbh i 'm more interested in the bike than the stand !, 
  just [ found them ] ( http://www.shandcycles.com/bikes/stoater/ ) , pricey !, 
  wow . 
  how long did it take ? 
  is this something an amateur could possibly attempt , or do you have boat-building experience ? 
  in my experience cleaning the rotors with alcohol does the trick . 
  i 've also used a commercial disc brake cleaner which worked nicely ( and is in a slightly more convenient aerosol ) . 
  you ca n't legislate against people being dicks . 
  if they want to be dicks they 'll find a way even if swearing is deemed illegal . 
  this is what politeness , etiquette and social convention are for . 
  i shall be trying this tonight !, 
  ( if i can find the strange-looking diet pasta ), 
  my dad has one of the brass spitfires from the `` brass things '' section . 
  he likes spitfires . 
  the last cloud of that shit i walked through smelt like someone took a match to some strawberry nesquik powder . 
  not entirely unpleasant but not something i 'd want to smell all day . 
  yeah but they had fuckin ' dope hats . 
  i live in oxford , entirely not surprised . 
  today i found out my ex broke her neck in a cycling accident , i contacted her to make sure she was alright - apparently she is . 
  but it was the weirdest mix of relief and , uh , i 'm not sure what . 
  it 's been a weird day . 
  the smell never goes away , though . 
  i once arrived home to see a strange guy taking out all the bins for the block of 4 flats i live in , including mine . 
  i was rather hungover from the previous night 's frivolities , and had a long day so i was n't really thinking clearly , but was sure he was n't one of my neighbours so was a bit weirded out . 
  i awkwardly said hi , hoping he 'd introduce himself , or at least explain why he was interfering with our bins . 
  he just waved cheerfully as he went back for the 2nd bin . 
  i thought `` well he 's not doing any harm '' i tried to avoid eye contact for a bit while he did the rest , but hang around to make sure he did n't do anything weird . 
  on his last one he said `` there '' , and a looked over . 
  he looked a bit annoyed but he said `` well i 've got to do something to keep me busy '' and turned around and went back into my neighbour 's flat . 
  only then did i realise that it was the landlord . 
  awww . 
  did somebody insult your favorite team ? 
  also if the wind catches the lid it makes a terribly annoying sound . 
  i got called a `` virgin '' by some 12 year old chavs the other day . 
  i disagree , i 'm afraid . 
  however , there 's so much kitchen crap you can do without . 
  getting good quality versions of the essential tools ( knives , cookware , etc ) , and doing without all the one-use crap that seems like a good idea but actually ends up filling a drawer forever will save you tons on money and , more importantly for most people , space . 
  a bottle opener and a potato masher are about the only one-use things i permit . 
  i 'm militant about not adding things to my kitchen . 
  it 's pretty much one-in one-out now . 
  are you not allowed to lift your head at all ? 
  i was stuck in bed with back problems for a while and could n't lift my head for days . 
  the relief was immense when i could . 
  am i helping ? 
   the designers believe the aerial burton display could be used in emergency situations, 
  so , advertising then ? 
  honestly when i was in sydney i saw no spiders , and actually fewer insects than in the uk . 
  what a racist cuntbag, 
  some kind of ungulate , by the looks . 
  cow , horse , something like that . 
  looks pretty close to a [ camel 's tooth ] ( http://www.thefossilforum.com/index.php?/gallery/image/16680-pleistocene-camel-lowers/ ) . 
  did she say `` fucktard '' ? 
  my dad has a fan that sits on top of his stove that pushes air around the room . 
  that manages to spin a ~ 10 '' fan at a few thousand rpm , but then it 's got a coupla hundred degrees temperature difference to play with . 
  still , i was surprised how well it worked given how inefficient those pelts are . 
  but yes that 's not going to work for shit with a latte and an iphone . 
  well , that 's not * always * what they are , but you do n't want to get the furnacey ones confused with the other ones . 
  never heard of them , but that 's pretty fucking awesome . 
  moar like that ? 
  the cutout at the front for lifting the screen up is different on airs . 
  also all the other reasons people have listed , 
  that 's arial . 
  that video is awesome . 
  like an indescribably geeky documentary . 
  i 'm sure you know this already , but just in case : make sure you check out the [ dailyinfo ] ( http://www.dailyinfo.co.uk ) site , that 's where lots of local accommodation ads are posted before they make it to agents , etc. 
  it looks mildly dodgy , but it 's honestly the best place to look particularly if you want something at short notice . 
  you can even post a wanted ad . 
  wow , that 's really fucking good . 
  but there 's a limit on how many cats you 're realistically able to find homes for . 
  the point of tnr is it 's quick , easy , not unnecessarily cruel , and eventually will reduce the population . 
  it 's basically culling but without the controversy . 
  why not do both ? 
  i have n't heard the office angel ad , but i hope it 's to the tune of `` the lion sleeps tonight '' . 
  do n't be ridiculous , she 'll give birth to a normal human baby . 
  it will , of course , be upside down . 
  yeah that 's jasper carrot , baldrick was played by tony robinson , iirc . 
  i bought a belt from those guys , after watching [ this ] ( http://vimeo.com/76311120 ) ( equally awesome ) video . 
  i 'd be getting one for my dad for xmas if the wait was n't so long !, 
  that seems like a ridiculous quantity of coolant , which just seems to increase as the video progresses . 
  why so much ? 
  it 's seems like litres of the stuff !, 
  is n't it expensive ? 
  does it get filtered and recycled ? 
  thank you for clarifying that for me . 
  strange as it may sound but the fact that it gets reused has made me a lot happier about watching these machining videos . 
  i can tell you her name is holly hanna , which i know because of . . research , into ... science . 
  i do n't think it sucks , but i 'd consider making sure everything lines up at the left margin . 
  looks scrappy otherwise . 
  i bet that thing smells like a hippy 's armpit, 
  that is fucking beautiful !, 
  i thought this was a post in ~ ~ / r/whatsthisfont ~ ~ / r/identifythisfont , which is awesome because i know this one . 
  but then i realised it was n't , and was mildly disappointed . 
  it 's [ mrs. eaves ] ( https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/emigre/mrs-eaves-ot/ ) , not that any of you care !, 
  yes .
