  but i very much doubt they 'd be willing to stand out in the rain to smoke , or smoke first thing in the morning , or go to the store in the middle of the night for a pack , or smoke in front of their kids , or even get angry with people for telling them to go elsewhere . 
  if not for the addictive qualities , i suspect there would be very few people smoking as much as they do now . 
  and i suspect a huge number would likely stop altogether . 
  i know i sound very anti-smoking . 
  i 'm really not . 
  i simply think that it 's not fair on others to make them endure something that most people consider `` nasty '' because you want to smoke . 
  if you want to smoke in your own home , that 's fine ( assuming everyone else there is happy for you to do it . 
  if you have kids , take it outside ) . 
  if you find a nice public spot away from other people , that 's fine too . 
  but non-smokers do n't want anything to do with it , so keep it away from them . 
  from what i hear , california sounds like a pretty decent place . 
  you did elect an actor , though , did you not ? 
  not doing much for the stereotype there !, 
  haha crap , i forgot about reagan , 
  stop doing that shit , man , nobody 'll take you seriously !, 
  i got ta hit the sack , it 's gone 5am here . 
  thanks for the chat though mate , 
  this goes back to what i said earlier : it 's a relatively useless drug , with lots of negative effects and very few positives . 
  neither of us should really be smoking , it 's a fucking stupid thing to do . 
  you can do it if you want , but because it * is * a stupid habit , you 're going to get people telling you so . 
  that 's understandable , and i 'd argue that it 's a good thing . 
  you can not smoke around them and not tell them you smoke if you do n't want to hear it . 
  it might be annoying for you , but if the general consensus of opinion is that smoking is stupid , maybe fewer people will start in the first place . 
  and that 's really not a bad thing . 
  is it ? 
   our other options . . were gary coleman , or a porn star, 
  christ on a bike , really ?!, 
  in one of the most progressive states in the most powerful nation on earth , the candidates you had to choose from were two bad actors and a bloke whose sole talent is `` having a penis '' ? 
  there 's something really really wrong with the world !, 
  on that note , i 'm really definitely going to bed now . 
  g'night !, 
  your entire problem boils down to `` i do n't like people whining at me '' ? 
  man the fuck up , 
  if you do n't like getting an earbashing , do n't smoke near people . 
  it 's a habit that by its nature will affect anyone nearby . 
  so either do n't do it , or put up with the complaining . 
  anyway . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  if more people think smoking is stupid leads to fewer people smoking , is that a bad thing ? 
  two points :, 
  * if something is legal , that does n't automatically make it good ( conversely , illegal does n't automatically make something bad ) . 
  remember , laws are made for a variety of reasons . 
  * we 've covered the `` good feeling '' you get from smoking . 
  it feels good simply because it 's satisfying your addiction . 
  those that have never smoked are n't missing anything ( apart from the relatively subtle stimulant effect i mentioned previously ) . 
  i do n't really have an issue with the legislation as it stands , and i 'm unlikely to until it actually tries to ban the practice altogether ( i 'm for legalisation of pretty much every currently-banned drug , but i think there 's an important distinction between something that 's legal , and something you should be allowed to do in public ) . 
  physiologically speaking , the * vast * majority of the effects you feel when you smoke are due solely to the relief of withdrawal symptoms . 
  you clearly do n't believe that point , but it is nonetheless a fact . 
  there are certainly social aspects of smoking . 
  as you say , you 've met lots of people because you smoke , and i 've had similar experiences . 
  it 's commonly accepted that important business decisions and connections are made simply because people met while smoking outside , or whatever . 
  but , when i was a young kid ( we 're talking 20-25 years ago now ) , smoking was acceptable pretty much everywhere . 
  there were ashtrays on buses , in restaurants and in cinemas , for example . 
  smoking at your desk in the workplace was very common . 
  every bench was `` the smoking bench '' . 
  so i posit that the majority of the `` positive social effects '' that you claim smoking provides are actually the result of smoking being * less * accepted by society . 
   this is an interesting premise , but one that i do not necessarily buy, 
  why not ? 
  you 're claiming there 's social benefits to smoking , but if everybody smoked , there 'd be no reason for smokers to `` get together '' , so there 'd be no benefit . 
  right ? 
   also , i agree that when you smoke , mostly , you are doing so mostly to curb your nicotine addiction . 
  but what is the problem in that ? 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  but , what i 'm trying to say is that people who do n't smoke , are n't missing anything . 
  when you smoke , it relieves your withdrawal symptoms and brings you back to `` normal '' . 
  non-smokers are already `` normal '' , 
  the point i 'm making is that smoking has no real benefits . 
  the physiological effects you feel are almost completely the result of the addiction , and the social benefits are solely the result of smoking being considered less socially acceptable than it once was . 
  but it makes it a shitload easier . 
  set up automatic backups on the server your main repo lives on , job done . 
  dude sounds like mr. t with a head injury . 
  there was a scene with wilson ( oncologist , cancer specialist ) rolling up joints for one of his patients who was n't able to do it themselves . 
  house tried to steal one , but got busted , 
  that 's the only reference to it being used as a treatment that i can think of . 
  edit : chances are it has n't really come up because the show ( at least the part related to medicine ) is more about finding the `` miracle cure '' than long-term pain management . 
  there have been several drug references though . 
  notably house takes lsd ( or some similar hallucinogen ) to relieve the symptoms of ( self-inflicted ) migranes . 
  my im client has been set to `` away '' for the last ~ 6 years . 
  the actions that appear to have pissed most people off are retaliatory banning of other mods , and banning of users ( along with rather unnecessarily insulting pms ) . 
  and i 'm pretty sure the whole crazy racist outburst thing did n't * help * . 
  b34nz is [ claiming ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/9ugul/mod_of_the_friendliest_reddit_rmarijuana_goes/c0ei5kl ) this is a lie . 
  can we get some screenshots ? 
  edit : disregard that , i suck at searching , 
  pretty sure mine runs os/2, 
  interesting , except : `` aside from the thought of being sprayed in the face by a bacterial cocktail every morning , the shower bacteria present no serious danger '', 
  i bet there 's a ton more bacteria in your towel/facecloth/etc than in your showerhead , 
  [ do n't do that ] ( http://www.rathergood.com/demon ) !, 
  edit : probably nsfw !, 
  i stayed in morocco for a week , the toilets were the most bizarre things i 'd ever experienced . 
  a porcelain plate on the ground with a tiny hole in it ( like 2 '' across ) . 
  how the hell do you develop such anal-accuracy ?!, 
  and then i was expected to splash freezing cold water on my giblets !, 
  `` watering can '' , by the way , 
  daylight * fucking * savings time man !, 
  absolutely ridiculous overcomplicated and mostly unnecessary system . 
  and us-style mm-dd-yyyy dates !, 
  argh !, 
  not that i 've spent all damn day pissing about trying to process a ton of files with variously broken dates , missing timezones and inconsistent formatting or anything , 
  i know man . 
  i do n't really disagree with you .
