  and you 're a fucking wanker . 
  this . 
  please , someone make a dmca complaint against this content-thieving arsehole . 
  i am an absolute sucker for a good vocal harmony . 
  mostly on quick pop-punk type stuff , but i 'll take a good vocal harmony whenever i can get it . 
  i wo n't bore you with the punk , but try this :, 
  [ first aid kit 's cover of tiger mountain peasant by fleet foxes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmrqbldlqza ), 
  my word , that was perfect . 
  my brain even imparted voices on the characters . 
  graham chapman was they chap with the phone , eric idle as grimm and michael palin as harry , right ? 
  i got 26 . 
  amateur ( and clearly not that skilled ) font geek . 
  the scrog ( screen of green ) technique was originally developed to make the most out of low-wattage cfl lamps ( although it looks like an hps in that pic ) and to grow in areas with limited vertical space . 
  actually doing it is pretty straightforward , you just need to train the plant to grow through the screen during late veg and throughout flowering , paying careful attention to make sure all the bud sites get good light and pushing all the leaves you can through the screen ( removing those that you ca n't ) . 
  it 's actually rather hard work to get right , and although it looks impressive , has some downsides . 
  for instance it 's very hard to move your plants in an emergency without killing them , and if you 're not very careful with the training your yield wo n't be that good . 
  that said , done well , it 's a very effective ( if somewhat advanced ) technique . 
  impressive pic , though !, 
  that sounds more like sea of green method . 
  it 's similar but there 's no training involved . 
  you take a large number of small clones from a mother plant and grow them up under a cfl or hps lamps . 
  you end up with a huge number of dense , short plants . 
  very high yield method , but it takes a lot of work , and you have to keep a separate area for the mother plant . 
  also , some people avoid this method because it relies on large numbers of smaller plants , which can often get you in deeper trouble than if you were caught with a small number of big plants . 
  yep , clones are genetically identical . 
  i suspect those pots are neutral medium sitting in that big tray full of hydroponics solution . 
  notice the grey box at the back - looks like an air pump to me , which would suggest it 's a big flat bubble-bucket setup in that black tray . 
  ( although , yes , to be honest , it could probably still do with a bit more root space ), 
  edit : why were you downvoted ? 
  not-upvoted i could understand , but that 's not a downvote-worthy comment . 
  upvoted for slightly evil glee, 
  ooh , a dmca takedown notice would make for excellent drama . 
  do it !, 
  i still use [ editplus ] ( http://www.editplus.com ) as my primary text editor . 
  it 's not even close to an ide , or particularly feature-rich . 
  but it does syntax highlighting reasonably well ( and works well with a black background , many editors ca n't pull that off ) , highlights css and js in html properly , supports sftp , is lightweight , etc. 
  i develop on a linux server using my windows workstation just to run browsers , editors , etc. 
  so version control integration and built-in diff support is n't something i miss much . 
  plus i ca n't stand autocompletion or ` intellisense ' . 
  i have tried many others ( komodo , ultraedit , eclipse , vi , vim , emacs ) but keep coming back to editplus . 
  only thing that might convince me to change is that there 's only a windows version . 
  that is how cannabis will become legal , not by mass-pothead-outrage at obama 's attempts to avoid the question . 
  nothing . 
  i once had to fix an application server from a boat . . fortunately the marina had wifi , 
  `` sorry , back in ten minutes , i 'm just off to curl one down '', 
  it 's only boring if you play it like other mmos . 
  there 's very little actual content ( in the traditional sense ) in the game - you 've got to carve out your own little niche . 
  once you do that , then the appeal starts to show . 
  you have an automatic copyright claim on anything you produce , be that a painting , some text , a music recording , or a css file , unless you explicitly state otherwise . 
  however , i suspect it was n't a direct copy of digg 's css , so there is unlikely to be a copyright claim there . 
  there may be a claim on some of the graphical elements if any part of the user interface wes lifted as-is . 
  and there may also be a trademark infringement case , although i believe if it merely ` looked similar ' , then the design would have to be proven as deliberately attempting to pass reddit off as digg . 
  if you copied all or part of a css file ( or pretty much anything else ) and it was n't under a license allowing you to do so , then yes , chances are the owner has a copyright claim against you . 
  whether or not they would be successful if you found yourself in court is another question . 
  that case has nowhere near enough ventilation for the stuff you expect to be able to put in it . 
  i have one of the older version of that very case , same form-factor but way more cooling ( see [ pic ] ( http://www.pc-upgrade.com/filerepository/lian-li_cube_pc_v300_2.gif ) ) , and that 's barely good enough for my amd 4850e server , so a powerful intel cpu and monster graphics card in a case with worse cooling ai n't gon na work . 
  i 'm also not entirely sure that graphics card will even fit . 
  plus , and i did n't realise this until after i bought mine , but although it seems like a nice layout for a case , in practice it 's a really impractical shape . 
  too big to put on your desk without eating lots of space , too tall to go under the monitor , too wide to go under your desk without constantly kicking it . 
  tower cases are much more practical . 
  lian-li used to make pretty good cases ( still have my pc60 ) , but their more recent efforts have been lacking adequate ventilation in favour of looking slick . 
  antec , silverstone and coolermaster all make decent cases if you 're stuck . 
  i have built a system in the sonata case that some people have mentioned . 
  it 's a decent case , and very quiet ( although nothing special to look at ) . 
  copyright law is there to prevent you from taking someone else 's work and passing it off as your own . 
  that is , you ca n't steal their css , but you could make your own css file that does the same job without infringing copyright law . 
  trademark law is there to prevent you from pretending to be another organisation ( even to a small degree ) . 
  generally it only applies if you 're in the same industry ( although more recently it seems to be a game of who has the most expensive lawyers ) . 
  that is , you can not pretending to be them and gain business based on their reputation and not your own without violating trademark law . 
  what you are proposing is likely to put you in a position where they have either a copyright or a trademark claim against you . 
  and given that you will essentially be in competition with them , it will give them an easy way to shut you down . 
  plus , my personal take is that it sounds a lot like cheap plagiarism . 
  do your own design . 
  yeah , reddit would have an excellent case for fair use for the purposes of parody for the april fool 's day stunt . 
  this dude is basically talking about ripping off another site 's look and feel for his own , which is either going to get him into trouble under copyright or trademark law . 
  you can read other people 's code , you can learn from it , you can make a local copy and play around with it . 
  but you ca n't take all or part of it and reuse it in your own projects , regardless of whether you edit it . 
  nor should you , to be honest . 
  i know this is going to make me sound like a sad old wanker , but the internet is n't a complete free-for-all . 
  if you find something randomly on a website that does n't mean you have an automatic right to copy it and claim it as your own . 
  and if you do , the owner ( quite rightly ) has a copyright claim against you . 
  personally i think that plagiarism is fucking rife on the internet , and a few more copyright claims in some of the more obvious plagiarism cases would n't be a bad thing at all . 
  some things i should mention : a ) most of my publicly-accessible code is open source or creative commons licensed ( that is , you can use it legally , sometimes non-commercially only , but you can never pretend it 's yours ) . 
  and b ) i personally support violation of copyright in some cases as a protest against broken business models and general disregard of consumer rights ( i 'm thinking of major label music , large-studio movies and games publishers who slap broken drm on everything ), 
  that should have been a riot . 
  i 'm disappointed with your sense of vigilante justice , hippies . 
  i have a titanium space case . 
  it is excellent . 
  i habitually grind all my weed very finely , and then attack it further with whatever 's handy to make it very fine . 
  smokes smoother and burns uniformly . 
  you can extract your trolley-ransom quid relatively trivially with a pair of pliers . 
  which is probably where the automatic ones came from , 
  you chaps revolted ? 
  how quaint . 
  xbmc is an astounding bit of software , i have been using it for many many years . 
  originally on an xbox , and recently upgraded to a ubuntu box capable of playing 1080p content . 
  i highly recommend it . 
  they have some support now for hardware decoders , so you do n't need to go overboard with cpu ( mine was built a while ago and has a dual core 3ghz core2 cpu , just to keep up with the 1080p stuff ), 
  the only thing that 's missing is pvr support , although i believe you can integrate it with mythtv . 
  if you only need standard def playback and are n't interested in pvr stuff , you might even be able to get away with using it on an xbox .
