  why the fuck am i sitting here watching a seal bumrape a penguin ? 
  9 years ago ... 
  do you also carry a tent , sleeping bag , enough food and water for several days , a hard hat , a complete set of screwdrivers , a few dozen metres of rope , bicycle puncture repair kit , set of lock picks , jump leads , all all manner of other random stuff just in case you need it ? 
  my guess would be that they 're closer to spherical , so probably have a lower surface area than a typical cube , thus would melt slower . 
  but slower melting is n't generally desired ( hence in a commercial setting , eg a bar , you 'd have either crushed ice or ice cubes with big holes in the back to make them melt fast ), 
  [ this is a toff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zedfmkjhlrw ), 
  get the needle off the label !, 
  i can see why some of these effects help , but the one that gets me is the insistence on a `` meow '' sound every single time a cat appears on screen . 
  two monkeys are in the bath . 
  one says `` ooh ooh !, 
  '' , the other says `` for christ 's sake gerald , just put some bloody cold in '' . 
  kinda feel like the garish flashing lights ruin it a bit . 
  that 's fantastic . 
  love old branding guides , type specimens and the like . 
  gives me a the retro design horn , 
  true , but instead i 'll have massive sweat patches :(, 
  bee 's dick, 
  hmm , 5 ' 4 '' . 
  then how do you know of this place , small one ? 
  [ this map of london ] ( http://imgur.com/kypyr3p ) i bought from ( i think ) the openstreetmap project some years ago . 
  it 's made up of [ individual gps traces ] ( http://imgur.com/ffae6mv ) of people 's paths through the city . 
  better make sure we use vectors so those shapes we 're about to smash with a huuuge gaussian blur do n't pixellate if we resize them !, 
  i do n't think that 's a phenomenon limited to cyclists . 
  but they do have to deal with a lot of ( often misplaced ) hatred and vitriol from drivers . 
  often saying silly ( and trollish ) things like `` cyclists do n't pay for the roads '' , `` bikes should be in the pavement '' etc. 
  there 's one stall and a couple of urinals in our company 's gents toilet . 
  if i 'm in there taking a piss and i recognise a particular person 's shoes in the stall , i 'll switch off the light on the way out . 
  yeah . 
  but warburton 's `` medium '' , kingsmill 's `` medium '' and the supermarket own-brand `` medium '' all differ . 
  wildly . 
  and none are 0.5 cm , closer to 1cm . 
  i 'm a little weirded out by reading the phrase `` wank off '' in the guardian . 
  magnificent high-level trolling . 
  [ nice ] ( http://www.wattydev.com/projects/kite_paint/#/view?id=24 ), 
  read that as `` a sculpture a gorilla made out of coloured pencils '' and was like `` woah !, 
  ... wait '', 
  by 8am , 20 % of my department had already called in to say they would n't be able to make it to the office today . 
  i have stepped on both a slug and a mouse . 
  i am not an observant man . 
  the slug was the nastiest . 
  awesome . 
  i do n't suppose there 's any chance there 's tab for that version around anywhere ? 
  i 'm too shit to work that out from the vid . . 
  thanks , think i 've managed to work out most of it now . 
  actually pretty easy and fun to play !, 
  ah the wine mug , the most classy of drinking vessels . 
  does that offer any benefits at all over using a more typical wheel ? 
  preventing abuse is an issue here . 
  yes i know you 're planning to have captchas and ip blocks and templates all that good stuff , but that 's a ) going to be too big a compromise for a lot of your potential market and b ) wo n't necessarily fix the problem . 
  ~ ~ life ~ ~ pronspam , uh , finds a way . 
  it would n't work for many of the reasons websites send emails ( password confirmation , resets , event notifications , etc ) for security or practicality reasons . 
  the only really common use case i can see this being useful for is `` contact us '' forms in otherwise-static sites . 
  that would be much better tackled by a dedicated service rather than something generic like this , as that will allow you to fix pretty much all of the security issues trivially . 
  my guess is if this service gets anywhere close to being popular , you 're likely to have a big enough trickle of abuse that your reputation will suffer . 
  then you 'll end up with a big problem with the emails you send either hitting junk boxes or not arriving at all . 
  sorry to piss on your chips guys . 
  it 's a nice idea , but i 'm just unconvinced it 's viable . 
  maybe try looking at the reasons people might want to send email from their client-side or static site and try to address those directly instead . 
  well , to prevent widespread abuse you 'll need to enforce at least a captcha or a template ( and the template will have to be `` big '' enough to significantly hamper insertion of typical spammer content ) , ideally both . 
  that 's what i mean by compromise . 
  i 'll admit you 've probably got a better idea of the potential use-cases for this . 
  the common one that 's suitable for something like this that i can think of is a `` send to a friend '' type function . 
  got any more ? 
   well you 're thinking about use cases where the email is the factor that changes, 
  i assume you 're talking about email content here . 
  not much point in sending an email if the content is n't customised in * some * way , right ? 
  granted you can use placeholders , but you 'll still have to be careful ( no raw html , check url contents , limit length and number of placeholders , etc etc ) . 
  the more i think about it the more i realise the use cases where something like this would be appropriate are pretty few and far between . 
  can you come up with anything other than a `` contact us '' form ? 
  pretty sure that 's the old bitmap courier that comes with windows . 
  might be courier new without anti-aliasing , though . 
  how do notifications , triggers and upgrade emails work in a purely client-side environment ? 
  surely if the client is still there , then the user is too ( ie , their browser 's open ) . 
  unf, 
  no i get that , but the question is why would a user want to receive an email if they 're currently using the application ? 
  adds a comment to what ? 
  without a server-side component there 's no persistent storage , and so nothing for you to be notified about . 
  the point i 'm trying to make here is with a client-side only app , there 's very little reason to want to send emails . 
  and if you have a server-side component , then implementing email sending is pretty damn simple - and much safer . 
  why not line everything up on the left and right ? 
  wish it worked better for me :(, 
  good work though !, 
  higher order perl and perl best practices are my must reads . 
  the former is by far the most interesting , but the latter fundamentally changed and the way my team and i write perl , and dramatically improved quality . 
  but if you 're new to the language , those might not be what you 're after . 
  try chromatic 's modern perl book . 
  they were originally made in glasgow : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mackintosh, 
  no idea why you 're being downloaded , that was a useful comment . 
  although i 'm not reading the damn article if they 're that desperate to show ads . 
  i wonder if his arm is covered in scars . . 
  looks high as fuck on snake venom to me ... 
  yeah ya did !, 
  that . . is fantastic . 
  160gsm white card . 
  i used to work in staples . 
  fellow larger cyclist here . 
  here 's a random selection of lessons i 've learnt :, 
  you 're gon na break stuff . 
  do n't cheap out too much or the lack of reliability will be frustrating and expensive . 
  get yourself a hybrid from a major manufacturer .
