  has saved me once , he capitulated when i showed him we 'd gone about a mile out of the way for no good reason . 
  once the driver did n't give a fuck , though . 
  i did n't have sufficient patience ( and/or sobriety ) to fight that time . 
  i have an xt caliper paired with a 105 lever ( rs505 ) . 
  works . 
  the lever has a bit more travel than it used to ( which may just mean it needs bleeding ) , but it seems to work well enough . 
  steering without leaning makes you fall off , as does leaning without steering . 
  to steer deliberately you have to lean over , to lean over you first have to steer the other direction . 
  i do n't think that has anything to do with how the handlebars are actuated . 
  although generally the goal with the backwards bike is to go straight , so likely the only steering you 're doing is to correct an unwanted lean ( i.e. 
  you 're not deliberately steering so you do n't need to initiate a lean ), 
  shimano 's move to flat mount calipers for road groupsets seems like nothing more than an attempt to keep the standards different . 
  presumably so they can continue charging a premium for road kit . 
  what i 'm saying is you 'd have to if you want to stay on the thing . 
  the bicycle physics are the same despite the weird handlebars . 
  i suspect that 's part of why they 're so hard to ride , as if you just try to turn without an accompanying lean you 'll fall off , and you do n't know you 're leaning on a normal bike so you do n't do it on s backwards bike . . ,, 
  most hybrids and gravel/adventure bikes will fit 45s . 
  last july ? 
  actually surprisingly good once you wipe the fingerprints off . 
  hang on let me take a picture of the back with my ipho ... oh ... hmm ... 
  that sounds like a complicated schema . 
  of course perfectly possible to connect up with dbi and yank it all out , but ( depending on the format you need ) have to considered pg_dump or maybe some combo of pg 's copy command and maybe views or something ? 
  in nyc ( i.e. 
  high likelihood of theft ) i 'd recommend a 2nd hand 90s rigid mountain bike and a decent u-lock . 
  something like an old specialized rockhopper . 
  i say that because they 're cheap , ubiquitous , wo n't attract attention , none of the components are particularly expensive ( reduced chance of theft , easy to replace ) , require little maintenance , and built like tanks . 
  see if you can get one from a bike shop , at least you know it 'll be in a good state of repair . 
  do n't get suspension , though . 
  wo n't help , and will just slow you down . 
   exxy, 
  uhm ? 
  suspension , particularly full suspension , is n't really compatible with efficient road riding of any significant distance . 
  i mean , you can certainly ride 50 miles on a downhill bike , but the big fat tyres will cause a lot of drag , your riding position wo n't be particularly comfortable , and the suspension will make you bounce around all over the place , eating away at all those watts you 're putting into the drivetrain . 
  what i 'm saying is it 'll be way more fun ( and you 'll go way faster ) if you use something a little better suited to the task at hand . 
  if you want something for long road rides , but you do n't want to sacrifice the ability to throw it around a bit , then maybe look at gravel/adventure or cyclocross bikes . 
  these are basically sturdier versions of road bikes ( drop bars , double crankset , high gear ratios ) , with some added bits for rougher riding ( disc brakes , clearance for big fat tyres , stronger frames ) . 
  look for one with nice fat tyres ( 35mm and over ) and a carbon fork if you can afford it , that 'll give you a good amount of shock absorption without sacrificing speed . 
  as for breaking components , well , for $ 500 you 've likely been buying low to mid range commuting bikes ( or `` mountain bikes '' which were n't designed to ever see a mountain ) . 
  the components on those are n't renown for their quality , and if you throw one around like it 's a $ 2000 mountain bike , you 're gon na break shit . 
  buy better kit and it 'll last longer . 
  if you break something , replace it with something better and you wo n't break it again . 
  or just buy cheap and live with the fact that shit 'll break . 
  the rusty bike is a great pub . 
  good food , good beer , kinda hipstery but family-friendly atmosphere . 
  busy though . 
  not those , but i 've been running some schwalbe g-one gravel tyres for a while , and they 've been great . 
  they 're quick on roads , supple enough to be comfortable in rough ground , and have sufficient grip on loose surfaces that i 'm comfortable taking them basically anywhere . 
  they 're nowhere near knobbly enough for thick mud , though . 
  the rear is wearing out a bit quick ... probably too much road . 
  on loose surfaces the knobbles sink in as the surface conforms to the tyre , that means the knobbles provide grip , and the entire contact patch of the tyre is supported by the surface . 
  your weight is spread over the knobbles and the body of the tyre . 
  on hard surfaces the knobbles ca n't sink in , and the surface does n't conform to the tyre , so the knobbles are driven into the surface , while the rest of the tyre is unsupported . 
  all your weight is on the knobbles and nothing else . 
  basically knobbly tyres on a hard surface are under way more pressure , so they wear out faster . 
  once the knobbles are worn down the wear rates are likely similar ( although knobbly tyres do tend to be made of softer material to better conform to the surface , so maybe not ) . 
  you can almost never tell a bike 's quality based on the presence or absence of a particular feature . 
  there are cheap crappy versions of basically every major feature , including disc brakes , suspension , carbon frames , etc. 
  good bikes will usually have a manufacturer and model name or number you can google and get some information about . 
  if you ca n't do that then the thing to do is look at the drivetrain , brakes and shifter components . 
  those components generally share a model name , known as a [ groupset ] ( https://blog.wheelies.co.uk/bike-groupset-guide-shimano-sram-campagnolo/ ) which vary wildly in quality . 
  the groupset is typically the most expensive part of the bike , so is a great indicator of quality . 
  yeeeears ago i bought a short run print of this by a random artist . 
  stuck it on the wall , told the vaguely interesting backstory to a bunch of people . 
  year or so later , massive explosion in popularity , and its now fucking everywhere . 
  i had to take my print down :(, 
  `` an egg without salt is like a man without a moustache ! '', 
  ... a crazy drunk bag lady once said to me many years ago , as i was eating a scotch egg while waiting at a bus stop . 
  then she looked at my naked , prepubescent , and decidedly moustache-less upper lip , and ran away . 
  true story . 
  but for reals , salt your eggs . 
  you , like most new cyclists , probably want a hybrid . 
  they 're half way between a road bike and a mountain bike , flat handlebars , upright riding position , big 30-40mm tyres for comfort , good for roads . 
  there 's tons of choice , every major manufacturer has hybrids at several price points , and you ca n't really go very wrong with any of them . 
  they range from very fast almost road bikes , to mountain bike-like things with suspension and knobbly tyres . 
  go hit up a local bike shop ( make sure they support whatever cycle scheme your work uses first ) , and ride some . 
  much better than ordering one randomly off the internet . 
  bit of advice : for road riding , avoid suspension . 
  get a u-lock or a chain lock ( cable locks are shit , u-locks tend to be lightest ) . 
  if you 're getting mudguards , get proper ones , not those useless plastic flaps that look like they come off a dirt bike . 
  if you want a place to start looking , trek 's `` fx '' hybrids come in basically every price point , and are pretty good . 
  fx3 ( # 550 or # 650 with disc brakes ) is probably the best bang for buck . 
  the carbon fork is the major feature there , it makes the front end much lighter and more nimble and provides a bit of shock absorption without sapping power and adding weight like suspension forks will . 
  discs are n't necessary , but they 're nice if you 're riding in the rain . 
  above that price point i 'd recommend looking at entry level road/gravel bikes instead . 
  drop handlebars do have a learning curve but they really are much better suited to road riding . 
  however road bikes do cost more than hybrids , and they really start at about # 750 . 
  i 'm fairly certain that 's wrong . 
  y' know that lint in the dryer ? 
  that 's literally the result of your clothes being mechanically worn away by the action of the drier . 
  add to that the fact that getting cotton hot and very dry causes it to break more easily , then yes air dried clothes will absolutely outlive machine-dried clothes . 
  looks like times new roman bold to me . 
  specifically , i think it 's [ times new roman std semibold ] ( https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/mti/times-new-roman/std-semi-bold/ ) . 
  for that budget i 'd recommend looking for an old second hand rigid frame mountain bike from the 90s-early 2000s . 
  a $ 100 new bike will be pretty awful . 
  try finding a bike shop that sells 2nd hand bikes and see what they have . 
  for 5 ' 9 '' you probably want an 18 '' -19 '' frame , ideally you want to get her to ride a few to test them out . 
  the dancing master 's audition was absolutely amazing !, 
  for $ 3.50 a night they could at least put it in a decent tank , bowls are awful places for fish to live . 
  looks barely used to me . 
  i spent literally an hour fucking about with that method installing internally routed brake hoses ( which did mostly work , just going from the thread to the hose failed a lot ) .
