  unacceptably brain-dead for anything other than displaying through a localisation system . 
  if you do n't have one of those , then stick to yyyy-mm-dd, 
  two monkeys in the bath . 
  one says `` oo oo ah ah ! '', 
  the other says `` for christ 's sake , just put some cold in '', 
  well , there 's [ this ] ( http://perlbuzz.com/2009/08/community-contributions-for-those-who-dont-feel-rockstarry-enough-yet.html ) . 
  if you can find one anywhere close to your experience or interest , i 'd advise you jump in with some of the more actively-maintained projects ( catalyst might be a good place to start if the web is your thing ) - they 're always looking for people to help out , even if it 's with simple tasks like documentation . 
   i 'd say the major development in recent years has been javascript becoming useful, 
  `` acceptable '' is far more accurate than `` useful '' . 
  before google 's `` suggest '' and gmail caught on , the general reaction to javascript was `` eww '' ( which i found rather depressing , as i quite liked it and spent a lot of time working with it back then ) . 
  since then there have been some leaps forward with frameworks which do make things easier , but you ca n't do very much now you could n't do then . 
  are we talking something along the lines of `` patrick '' or some crazy unpronounceable gaelic name ? 
  kids with unusual names can have a really rough time when they start integrating with groups their own age ( and letting him pick a completely random name is probably not the way forward - a good nickname might help , though ), 
   i am 100 % for merit-based pay . 
  this is what the government in the uk has been doing ( sort of , it 's more centred around school performance , but the `` measurement '' part is the same ) . 
  and not just with education . 
  it sounds like a great idea , but unfortunately , it leads to some problems in practice . 
  once you start rating teacher performance ( and yes , they use a variety of metrics to do so ) , you can easily rate the * school 's * performance . 
  which is what the government did . 
  that lead to `` league tables '' , which in turn lead to some schools ( arguably the ones that need it most ) being starved of investment . 
  in some cases it means pupils get screwed over so the school can maintain their league table position ( i wo n't go into that too much , but it happened to me ) . 
  the problem being , in order to measure performance in a way in which you can turn it into a useful number that you can analyse statistically , you * have * to base it on a limited set of criteria . 
  as soon as you do that , you give people not only an incentive , but also an opportunity to game the system . 
  and that 's exactly what happened . 
  many teachers \\* taught what effectively became `` exam passing classes '' , their stats ( and their school 's ) went up . 
  but the pupils suffered . 
  the government has been trying to address this over the years , but it inevitably turns into more and more paperwork for the teachers . 
  who then have less time to teach , and * more * incentive to play the system . 
  honestly , i do n't think it 's a good system to model . 
  \\* and i do not mean to suggest that * every * teacher does this . 
  there are still great teachers out there . 
  the sad thing is they often get passed over in favour of the ones with `` better numbers '' . 
  github ( though i 've not used it much ) seems nice . 
  i much prefer the idea of a single service to do a single thing ( and , one would hope , do it well ) . 
  reduces the learning curve , ties you in less and gives them an opportunity to focus on the important bits . 
  it could really do with a means to add a bit of description to your project , though ( unless i missed that ) getting dumped at a file list is sometimes kinda daunting , particularly if you 're not really sure what the thing * is * yet . 
  but i understand why that 's not there . 
  well , it * is * like a gas tank . 
  it starts off full , then slowly discharges . 
  the problem is that the easy way to measure it is by measuring the voltage output - and modern batteries have been designed to keep their voltage as high as possible for as long as possible , and then they drop quickly when they 're close to complete discharge . 
  my shitty samsung phone does that . 
  sits at 3 bars for a bit , then apparently skips 2 and goes straight to 1 . 
  and 1 bar means it 's going to die in less than 8 hours with no use . 
  useless . 
  totally in agreement with you there . 
  teaching is one of the more important jobs one can have . 
  get good people , pay them good money , and do n't waste their time on bullshit paperwork . 
  `` parental choice '' was an awful idea , particularly when combined with league tables . 
  it means schools that are suffering get worse , schools that are doing well will `` win '' - and it 'll all be reflected in their league table results and the cycle will continue next year . 
  worse , in some cases it leads to racial segregation , which is absolutely inexcusable . 
  and you 're 27 ? 
  dude , seriously , regardless of your sexual orientation , get out there and have some damn sex . 
  if you 're attracted to men and not women ( and you 're sure about that ) , then yes , sex with a woman is probably not the best route to take . 
  if you 're definitely attracted to men , then , well , you 're gay . 
  no point in beating around the bush ( or not , as the case may be ) . 
  i 'm not really qualified to advise ( are there any homosexual redditors around who could ? 
  ) , but do n't you think you 'd feel better if you embraced your sexual orientation and just went out there and . . well . . fucked someone ? 
  you 're missing an * extremely * important part of being , well , human !, 
  edit : use a condom , 
  the drama around waiting times is slightly exaggerated . 
  typically , there are two situations where you have to wait :, 
  non-emergency operation ( ie , one that is n't going to kill you to wait a few weeks ) generally have a waiting list . 
  they tend to be pretty good about getting you in to see specialists quickly , but unless there 's a good reason to get it done fast , you will end up waiting . 
  they 've had their arses kicked over waiting lists for the last few years and they 're * much * better now . 
  they 'll even send you off to a private hospital if the waiting time gets too long ( personally , i do n't think this is the best way to do it - throwing lots of money at a short term fix is n't what the nhs should be about , but that 's what happens when you pressure them to reduce waiting lists , i suppose ), 
  accident and emergency ( ie `` er '' ) waiting times can be a bit painful if you 're there with something that is n't really nasty . 
  again , they 're good at getting you in to see a triage nurse to assess you , but waiting to see a doctor can take some time ( 4 hour + waits are n't uncommon ) . 
  however , they have no qualms about putting you in front of a doctor immediately if your condition warrants it . 
  by all accounts , a&e waiting times have improved over the last few years ( been a while since i had to go ) . 
  you 'll only really have a problem if you turn up on a friday or saturday night while they 're busy patching up drunk people 's heads and pumping stomachs . 
  i got sent to a private hospital ( a very swanky chandeliers-and-leather-armchairs-in-the-waiting-room place ) to have my back mri 'd when i was having problems with it ( to the point where walking unaided was rather painful ) . 
  i do n't think it was a waiting list thing as i was only waiting a few days , they had nhs nurses there so i assume it 's more of a long-term equipment-sharing setup or something . 
  the mri machine ( well , its power supply , apparently ) caught fire while i was in it , and the entire wing of the hospital was evacuated . 
  i was forced to hobble out of there as fast as i could manage , with two rather scared-looking nurses trying to get me to move faster . 
  the ( lovely ) nhs nurses stole me a wheelchair from the hospital on the way out ( bless them ) and sent me home , 
  yes , that was a completely pointless anecdote . 
  mri machines scare the living shit out of me to this day . 
  scary enough being stuck inside one of those evil bastards , in pain , knowing you ca n't really move . 
  then being told it 's on fire . 
  so . . what 's your plan ? 
  you intend to forgo any intimacy ( and sex ) for the rest of your life ? 
  are you sure you wish to write off an * extraordinarily * important part of the `` human experience '' without even trying it ? 
  edit : and why ? 
  you 're not attracted to women , that 's fine . 
  but are you so disturbed by your own sexual preferences you 'd rather just ignore the issue altogether ? 
  edit ( again ) : please stop downvoting closetcase 's reply . 
  he 's the submitter , these are his feelings , and the chap appears to be being completely honest . 
  if you disagree , then tell him . 
  downvoting his comments is n't going to help * anyone * . 
  if the chap does n't want to ` come out ' yet , then , is that a big problem ? 
  i have n't the experience , but i imagine it 's something people have to decide to do themselves and pressuring them is n't going to help ( and risks turning it into a negative experience ) . 
  i 'm not gay . 
  i could well be * entirely * wrong . 
  just seems like pressuring anyone to do something as dramatically life-altering as this is n't fair on them . 
  is n't saying stuff like `` by not coming out , you are a part of the problem '' to someone who has n't even had a homosexual relationship a * little * too aggressive ? 
  that said , i ca n't see anything stopping him from going off , finding a likeminded fella , and having a relationship . 
  to me , that 's way more important than announcing your sexual preferences to everyone , and is actually a big step * towards * coming out . 
  okay mate , well , i think i 've berated you about it enough , and i really do n't think i 'm qualified to give you any actually-useful advice ( being that i 'm straight , in a long-term relationship , and have n't dated for . . well , ever ) . 
  but , how do gay guys typically go about meeting people ? 
  ( gay redditors , care to weigh in ?
