  you guys are n't laughing about that yet ? 
  ( fixed ), 
  i did too . 
  i should dig out the remaining episodes . . 
  yeah i liked day break . 
  was n't the greatest sci-fi ever made , but was definitely worth watching . 
  every day man , it rocks . 
  only time i bust out grep is if i 'm searching massive files ( as it 's a tiiiny bit faster ), 
  meh , it can still work its way though 4gb of text files in ~ 40 seconds . 
  hardly shabby , given the extra functionality . 
  ( the same search using grep takes ~ 25secs , so i think `` 10x faster '' is a bit strong . . ), 
  well , he 's a cunt now . 
  i do the opposite . 
  when exposed to new ideas , my brain automatically starts formulating reasons why it 's stupid . 
  anything from a logical counterargument to a vague feeling that it 's `` probably not going to work '' is fair game . 
  i also manage to convince myself ( using whatever weak arguments my mind concocts ) to avoid stuff that might be a bit of effort . 
  i think it 's because i 'm getting old , and have seen lots of great ideas fall on their arse . 
  so sometimes it helps keep me grounded in reality , sometimes it prevents me from running with something that 's actually a really good idea . 
  sounds like it may be rooted in the same problem as you , though , ie , the lack of ability to critically analyse new ideas . 
  yes he does . 
  chelsea studio contains only uppercase characters , with alternate version of the characters assigned to the uppercase letters . 
  the original note was written in all caps , whereas the section in chelsea studio in the ` font snob ' note was written in properly-cased text . 
  edit : i do n't understand why you 're being downvoted . 
  your comment pointed out a subtlety that i had previously missed , your analysis was n't entirely correct , but that does n't make the comment worthless !, 
  me too , but i 've have sworn more . 
  nah , just a common or garden pedant , 
  he got downvoted because i replied saying his comment was n't entirely correct . 
  that happens a lot on reddit . 
  i do n't like to see people getting otherwise-insightful comments downvoted because of a minor inaccuracy - especially if it was my reply that prompted it . 
  i prefer to save downvotes for stuff that is completely worthless . 
  i 'm not getting what your problem is with my edit . 
  you think the guy should have been downvoted anyway because his comment was partially inaccurate ? 
  personally , i do n't think that differing opinions or interesting-but-not-entirely-correct comments are the things that should be downvoted and hidden away . 
  you can upvote or downvote who you want , but i want to talk to people who do n't necessarily agree with me ( as long as they 're willing to have an reasonable discussion ) . . 
  the world is n't very interesting if nobody has anything new to say , 
  so , if a comment is insightful , or well-written , or funny , or interesting , then i want to see it , regardless of how well it meshes with my own views . 
  if i see a comment i do n't think should be downvoted , then i 'll upvote it and say why . 
  i completely agree with that particular guideline you cited . 
  so , er , what was your complaint ? 
  yes . 
  apologies . 
  yes , i had the same thought . 
  this is why i do n't watch trailers very often . 
  they tend to look way better than the film turns out to be , give away all the interesting bits ( or at least render them more easily-guessable ) and generally make the experience less fun than it could otherwise be . 
  not watching trailers does make finding stuff i like to watch kinda hard tho , 
  i was expecting something more insightful than :, 
  purchase ice cream maker, 
  follow manufacturer 's instructions, 
  vimeo seems like a good bet . 
  and my axe !, 
  mysql 's niche is rapidly contracting . 
  sqlite works extremely well ( and is very convenient ) for simple things , and postgres is beats the pants off mysql for ` serious ' database work . 
  plus who knows what oracle are going to do with it now they 've got their hands on it , 
  that ai n't a meme , that 's a quote . 
  like what we did back in the old days before stupid in-jokes about anime characters were considered cool . 
  and yes , aliens . 
  [ uknova ] ( http://www.uknova.com/ ) is currently accepting new [ signups ] ( http://www.uknova.com/wsgi/signup ) . 
  this is a private tracker site , so as mentioned elsewhere , you need to keep an eye on your ratio , and ensure that you allow others to upload from you as well as downloading from them . 
  no problem . 
  good luck !, 
  screen resolution ! = browser size !, 
  wow that laser looks scary . 
  give it to mythbusters !, 
  `` the seeds of the rice plant are first milled using a rice huller to remove the chaff ( the outer husks of the grain ) . 
  at this point in the process , the product is called brown rice . 
  the milling may be continued , removing the ` bran ' , i.e. , the rest of the husk and the germ , thereby creating white rice . 
  ** white rice , which keeps longer ** , lacks some important nutrients ; in a limited diet which does not supplement the rice , brown rice helps to prevent the disease beriberi . '', 
  do n't do anything . 
  although the experience was no doubt horrible and one that may haunt you to this day , there 's not really much you can do at this point . 
  all you 're going to achieve by pushing the issue is to dredge up a load of old feelings . 
  look at is this way , the best you can hope for is that he ignores anything you do . 
  anything else , like , him breaking down and apologising ( unlikely ) is n't going to be enough to make you forgive him . . and him reacting aggressively ( more likely ) is just going to make you more angry . 
  so i honestly do n't think there 's anything you can do that will actually help the situation . 
  that said , if you want to hunt the dude down and give him a sound kicking , i could understand that . 
  hmm . 
  i tend to keep quiet about my plans and ideas ( at least while they 're moving from the `` i wonder if . . '' stage to `` that 'll probably work '' ) . 
  however , i do it for a different reason . 
  it gives me more flexibility to give up on them later if they seem like a bad idea or if i just get bored . 
  so , sometimes i find telling others what i 'm planning helps motivate me to actually finish it . 
  other times , not telling people gives me a nice easy way to get out of it . . 
  there 's also the ` responsibility ' problem . 
  i hate responsibility , and shirk it at every available opportunity . 
  so while i 'm happy to do stuff for myself as long as i 'm having fun , if i feel i `` have '' to do something , i 'll find more reasons to procrastinate or even avoid the task altogether . 
  so , really , i 'm not sure which is best . 
  but then i think my mind is slightly more broken than most . 
  that sounds reasonable . 
  they were probably hoping you would n't notice , so if you send a bill , then you might get lucky if they realise you 're onto them . 
  at least it 's a way to start a conversation with them about it , 
  same man , for the same reasons . 
  squid , too . 
  cephalopods are way too evolved to be considered food . 
  which is a shame , as they 're fucking tasty when cooked properly . 
  hmm . 
  since i was a kid ( and did n't really understand what it was ) i described that as ` neen ' . 
  my parents thought i was insane , until i noticed the tv was on but was n't displaying anything . 
  ( `` how did you know that ? 
  '' , `` what do you mean ? 
  you ca n't hear it neening ? '' ), 
  i think it 's more onomatopoeic ... 
  huzz is an excellent word though , but it sounds better suited for a deeper sound .
