  microsoft certainly put in the effort to do `` good things '' here and there . 
  bing is a good example , they 've been throwing money at it to make it a decent search engine , which is great . 
  however , they 're the underdogs in that market . 
  what would happen if bing was to suddenly become as popular as google ? 
  well , let 's look at their track record . 
  they 've been running hotmail for many years , it is , i believe , the 2nd most popular webmail system after yahoo mail . 
  before gmail came along , both hotmail and yahoo mail were pretty similar services . 
  both had crippling mailbox size limits ( hotmail was 2mb !, 
  ) , and both were trying to get monthly payments out of people . 
  they got to the top of the market , and stopped . 
  focusing on monetising rather than innovating . 
  it was only the appearance of gmail that forced them to do something with it . 
  what about ie ? 
  well , same thing . 
  they spent years killing off netscape and other competitors by adding proprietary stuff to ie , and doing as much as they could to make it a separate platform . 
  then what did they do ? 
  that 's right , nothing . 
  they just stopped developing it . 
  in fact the ie team was effectively disbanded . 
  ie7 was originally only supposed to be available on vista , and it was only firefox ( then dubbed `` phoenix '' and later `` firebird '' ) and its surge in popularity that actually forced them to go back to innovating . 
  so , while bing might be better than google is now , if they ever managed to get to a monopoly position with it , you can bet your arse they 'll immediately stop actually innovating and start looking for ways to make more money . 
  if you prefer using ms 's stuff now , that 's cool . 
  just bear in mind it 's unlikely it 'll stay that way forever . 
  google , on the other hand , have proven that they 're willing to actually put a bit of effort in . 
  they 're innovating in areas where there 's not actually that much money in it for them - purely to further industries they think they * can * make money in . 
  case in point is chrome . 
  it 's really just a tool to force browser vendors to keep furthering the technology , i doubt they really expect it to become as popular as ie or even firefox . 
  but work they do on it prompts innovation elsewhere - look at the js speed improvements in firefox !, 
  there 's also the nexus one . 
  again , that 's really a tool to force handset manufacturers to pull their finger out of their arse and produce decent handsets - i very much doubt google actually wants to get into manufacturing long-term . 
  so , yes . 
  if i had to choose , i 'd choose google . 
  they 're both companies that exist to make a profit , that much is certainly true . 
  but the way they go about it is completely different . 
  microsoft 's method is to act as `` monopoly builders '' , they want to own entire markets , and then squeeze them for cash . 
  their primary goal most of the time seems to be to look for ways to secure and maintain their hold on a market . 
  sometimes that means they write good software , but other times it means they resist standardisation , implement huge proprietary apis , etc ( see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/embrace,_extend_and_extinguish ) for some specific examples ) . 
  which is fine . 
  that 's how businesses have worked for many years , so it 's not a surprise that they went in that direction . 
  but , google do things a bit differently . 
  they currently have , and have had for many years , a virtual monopoly on web search . 
  and what have they done ? 
  they 've worked on the technology as much as possible , and when they ca n't make it any better , they work on something else . 
  sure they implemented ads many years ago , but they picked the least invasive ( and least `` evil '' ) method i could think of to do so . 
  how do you think ms would handle that situation ? 
  continue to innovate , or stop slowly squeeze it for money ? 
  ( here 's a clue : many years ago `` msn search '' as it was dubbed back then had paid links that appeared identically to `` organic '' results , right up until they got spanked by the ftc for it ) . 
  so anyway , browsers . 
  microsoft made a browser in an attempt to dominate the web , they filled it full of proprietary stuff , and did n't bother to even document what was standard and what was n't until ie5 .5 . 
  then they stopped , and worked on ways to integrate it into their os as much as they could to provide a barrier against the antitrust problems they could see coming . 
  here 's an interesting side note about how ie came into being : the code was originally licensed from a company called [ spyglass ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spyglass,_inc.#browser_wars ) , in return for a percentage of all sales of the resulting product . 
  microsoft gave ie away for free , in an attempt to avoid paying royalties . 
  nice !, 
  google , on the other hand , made an open source web browser because if web browsers are better , then their market is bigger and they have more room to innovate . 
  honestly , if any company wants to do stuff like that , that 's fine by me !, 
  in almost every area you can find examples of ms doing something `` evil '' , and often similar examples of google doing something `` good '' . 
  sure there are places where that 's not entirely true , but in general , that 's how it seems to work . 
  it just baffles the fuck out of me when i see convincing themselves that ms `` have changed '' or `` are n't that bad '' . 
  look at the shit they 've been involved with in the past . 
  bing might be pretty good * now * , but i have no reason to believe it 'll stay that way if it ever becomes a major player . 
  but ms has already been in a similar market situation with hotmail , and they certainly took every opportunity to monetise it as much as they could . 
  in fact ms have , in the past , tried to monetise msn search ( with paid inclusion , displayed identically to search results ) . 
  google 's monopoly on search is about as powerful as it gets ( at least until bing showed up and turned out to not be terrible ) , yet all they 've done to monetise it is build a text-link based advertising feature - about the least invasive and most transparent advertising scheme possible . 
  basically , yes . 
  the way i see it is this :, 
  microsoft want to dominate markets , and they go about it by waiting until there * is * a market , buying themselves in ( often at a late stage and at great cost ) and then set about manipulating things to build in as many ways to lock people into their products as possible . 
  the tools they use are strategic acquisitions , and building complicated solutions with so many obscure features ( that * someone * will need ) that it 's really hard for anyone else to get into the market without having to blow a ton of cash on replicating all those features and navigating the `` lock-in '' minefields necessary to be compatible enough to get a foothold . 
  apple want the same thing , but they go about it by creating markets from almost scratch , and hope they can outclass people with their technology ( both software and hardware ) long enough to build a `` mindshare '' head start so large that nobody can catch up with them . 
  in contrast to ms , they seem to use `` design '' as their weapon of choice - they go for the consumer rather than the corporate market , with relatively small ( but beautiful , and flawlessly implemented ) featuresets . 
  they 're flirting with trying to lock people in at the moment , but i suspect that 's out of naivety - their true colours will show when the inevitable government intervention happens . 
  google are just completely different . 
  they do n't seem to care about competition , or at least are certainly not trying to prevent it by trying to create `` lock-in '' ( the simple fact that they 're so heavily involved with open standards goes at least some way to showing this ) . 
  rather , they just seem to be trying to make the markets so big that it does n't matter if other people want to compete with them - there are plenty of market out there . 
  they 're still making tons of money from ad sales , so the bigger the market is , the more ads they 'll sell , it 's all good for them . 
  and they 're going about it by just throwing extremely competent technical innovation around all over the place . 
  to me , google 's approach is by far the most sensible , forward-thinking and sustainable . 
  little closed monopolies always risk stagnation , and thus being toppled . 
  either because the lock-in restrictions become too onerous , or intervention from elsewhere , or simply because someone comes along with a `` killer app '' so good that people are willing to drop functionality and compatibility for ( or simply one someone has sunk enough cash into to get around those problems ) . 
  google 's approach seems to be to build the market with constant innovation so it grows with them - there 's little chance for stagnation , and they 're always well placed to jump on any new technology that comes along . 
  also : `` proprietary '' , 
  that 's because christians like to think of themselves as altruistic and generous , but generally the best they offer is prayer . 
  i do n't necessarily think redditors are inherently more generous . 
  but they do , on the whole , have a tendency towards the random and the surreal , which may explain the assumption . 
  well , kinda . 
  they make their money from ads . 
  but they do n't really seem to be doing much to dissuade people from using other means to advertise ( apart from providing advertising products that beat the shit out of most of the competition ) . 
  admittedly they do ( iirc ) restrict people from using adsense on websites if they 're making ridiculously ad-laden sites . 
  but that 's not really a restriction they apply often enough for it to be of any significant detriment to their competition ( ie , it 's more about keeping their ads away from the seedy horrible sites that might taint their reputation ), 
  came here to post exactly this . 
  i have n't yet come across a tyre i could n't remove with this technique . 
  here 's my sneaky variation ( helpful with tricky tyres when you 're in a position where you can take the wheel off ) :, 
  * take off one shoe and sock . 
  * arrange the wheel so the valve is away from you, 
  * pinch the two sides of the tyre so the beads touch with both hands ( on the edge of the wheel opposite the valve ) and push it into the rim as much as you can . 
  * slide your fingers around , pinching the tyre and pushing it into the rim as best you can until you 're about half way around, 
  * flip the wheel over so the valve is at the top and place the tyre you 've already squeezed onto the ground, 
  * stick your toes between the spokes to hole the wheel on the ground, 
  * continue sliding your fingers around and pulling on the tyre until you get to the top . 
  you might need to have a coupla goes at this part if it 's a tight tyre, 
  once you 're done , you should have enough slack at the top to pull the valve out of the rim , and roll the tyre off .
