  edit :, 
  this might work for you :, 
  it 's cheap but the tyres are 35mm and the 36-spoke wheels should be nice and strong . 
  are you a wizard ? 
  i seriously have to shave my dick . 
  the first mfatgg song [ i ever heard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/survival_of_the_fattest ) , and still the best . 
  fonts are like faces , each has its own quirks and character that , after looking at them a while , you begin to recognise instinctively . 
  yeah i realise that 's going to require a full drain and refill/bleed . 
  frame is a trek crossrip elite , and i 'm looking at putting either 105 or ultegra hydraulic disc brakes ( not sure which yet ) . 
  while i agree bmi charts really are n't that useful , i have been 6 ' 5 '' and 250lb , it definitely counts as fat . 
   if the test involves milk , then it is added before pouring the infused tea ** unless that is contrary to the organisation 's normal practice . 
  what the fuck kind of standard do you call that ? 
  if they just went back to it being semi-transparent and not blurred then at least you could read through it . . 
  i do n't know this for sure but i always assumed it was because v-brakes need a longer cable pull than road levers ( designed for calliper brakes ) are able to provide . 
  i 've just done the same thing , first class on emirates , from london to sydney ( i 'm still there ) . 
  it is pretty much as epic as he makes out . 
  although if some sunglasses-wearing dickhead were fucking about filming shit for his youtube channel in the next seat over i might be slightly annoyed . 
  those doors ai n't as solid as they look . 
  though to be honest there 's so much background noise that it probably does n't matter too much . 
  i plan to get absolutely hammered on free booze on the way home , so i 'll probably be more annoying !, 
  it 's a work thing . 
  i 'm going with the ceo , he likes to travel first class and i 've known him for years so he paid for mine too . 
  i ca n't say how you 'd get to that point . 
  mine was a job with a ( at the time ) very small company , i worked hard for years and eventually it started paying dividends . 
   i miss old alton brown , when he was fat and played with puppets . 
  i can totally see that being read by him as a mean tweet . 
  there are three tremors movies i have n't seen ? 
  you might get the odd strange glance but it 's fine , particularly if you 're from the colonies . 
  better , learn to love tea without sugar or sweeteners , as is proper . 
  it 'll only take you a couple of weeks to `` get '' it , and if you 're anything like me you 'll enjoy it much more once you get used to it . 
  that pump has a reversible head , make sure you 're using the correct side for presta valves ( it 's the grey side on mine ) , and make sure you 're pushing the locking lever over correctly , it should push away from the direction of the valve , regardless of which side of the head you 're using . 
  sometimes if you push it on too hard ( or not hard enough ) it wo n't work immediately , try putting a bit of pressure on the handle and giving the head a wiggle on the valve . 
  make sure the valve is n't stuck , after unscrewing the thing ( you are unscrewing the thing , right ? 
  ) , push down on it a bit to let some air out and ensure it 's free to move . 
  sometimes they get stuck . 
  that 's all i can think of !, 
  apparently getting shitfaced on wine and very loudly and swearily heckling the best man is definitely frowned upon . 
  who knew ? 
  awesome list , thanks man . 
  the carnegie book did n't resonate well with me so i 'll give some of these a try . 
  if you hit the   button on the right of the thread in the inbox , the individual messages open out and you can click each one individually . 
  it 's * almost * like the old interface . 
  what 's a duhmimamlim munuuh ? 
  may is a complete gamble . 
  could be beautiful , but it could be shitting down with rain . 
  the latter obviously being much more likely if you 've made plans that rely on good weather . 
  mcdonalds cheeseburgers are 300 calories !, 
  you do n't need to archive the footage forever though , just until you 're reasonably sure you do n't need it . 
  keeping everything flagged by the officer or public forever , and everything else for a few months is likely to be plenty, 
  either works , down to the bar style really . 
  if you want a flat bar , then go hybrid . 
  most manufacturers do a range of hybrids to cover most price points , a trek fx would be fine and there 'll be a model to fit your budget . 
  i believe the technical term is `` fourgy '', 
  # 50 max ? 
  basically whatever you can get 2nd hand , then . 
  check ebay , gumtree , local ads , etc. 
  try for something that seems reasonably well-maintained and not too rusty , but for # 50 you 're not gon na have a lot of choice ( and you 'll likely have to pay out to fix mechanical problems fairly early ) . 
  check that wheels are n't warped , the drivetrain is smooth ( i.e. 
  you can pedal it without it feeling rough or making lots of noise ) , look out for rust . 
  you probably want to prefer old but maintained over newer . 
  # 50 wo n't get you much . 
  water . 
  seriously . 
  my face is * so * much happier now i do n't really wash it . 
  it gets rubbed with water when i 'm in the shower which is plenty to keep it clean . 
  if i wash it with soap ( which is sometimes necessary ) i 'll get spots and really oily skin . 
  might not work for you , but it 's worth trying . 
  just not soap my face up . 
  . . but yeah you 're probably right , i 'll try it . 
  the flower shop in botley is . . okay . 
  bit grumpy but they did a pretty good job . 
  some asshole had vomited all over the bed , floor and most of the bathroom , it smelt absolutely disgusting . 
  ( i can neither confirm nor deny said asshole was me ), 
  they 're nicer than the old fivers , and i 'm glad we 're finally getting some polymer money . 
  but the design seems a bit cheap-looking . 
  they 're nowhere near as nice as australian notes . 
  hit esc three times first . 
  just to be sure . 
  for a while after i first got my car when it was cold you could see the marks from the suction cups they ( presumably ) used to install the windscreen . 
  one of those has worked great for me as a light-use keyboard for my media pc , i 've literally never charged it in the years i 've owned it and it 's always just worked . 
  i think b ) exists to prevent you from fitting a set of blue lights to the top of your car but leaving them switched off . 
  they 'd still be pretty distinctive during the day . 
  um . . you get to see furry cat-dongs ? 
  honestly i do n't think there is a good reason unless you want to breed cats . 
  yes , neutering prevents them from becoming sexually mature , which sounds cruel , but it is n't at all . 
  when male cats hit puberty they 'll spray urine everywhere and wander around [ howling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mam_y04mwwu ) trying to find females . 
  this is stressful for the cat ( particularly if they do n't find a mate ! ), 
  and unpleasant for the owner . 
  get your cat neutered . 
  wow , you * are * a legitimate crazy person . 
  no , the fact that you 've put yourself into a position where you 're * so * deep in internet drama that you took the time to check the creation and deletion dates of users is a * perfect * example of why i called you crazy . 
  this is awesome !, 
  would only have been better if it was hpht, 
  haha awesome !, 
  ok , i take it back !, 
  tune your guitar !, 
  good voice though . 
  do n't feel too bad , i 've done that myself . 
  at least it 's not a mistake you 'll make again !, 
  that 's a lovely smile , but i ca n't help think that if you call you kid leopold and outfit him with some fairly bold glasses , you 're basically setting him up to be a supervillain ...
