  the preload cap is just finger tight . 
  the bb itself is cranked down as hard as i could with the hand tool . 
  nothing i 've tried has worked yet , so i think i 'll have to do the full strip degrease and relube as you suggest . 
  i fucking hate flant day, 
  because it trains you not to eat whatever it was that caused you to vomit in the future . 
  ever got sick on a certain type of booze and been unable to stomach it since ? 
  same thing . 
  there 's a distinct evolutionary advantage to avoiding stuff that makes you sick , so presumably this is how that mechanism evolved . 
  hang on . 
  this is only good for the credit card companies . 
  all it does is promote credit cards over cash by removing reasons to use cash . 
  what they should do is ban * profiting * from card charges ( i.e. , pass the charge on and nothing else ) , and mandate that there 's some alternative way to pay to avoid the charge . 
  that way consumers have transparency over card charges and the choice to avoid it if they wish , shops can offer lower prices to those paying cash/etc , and we 're not helping the already very successful credit companies . 
  that 's great news , i fell out with tabasco a little as my taste for hotter sauces developed , as to get a good kick requires quite a lot and the vinegar flavour starts to overpower . 
  but i really like their habenero sauce as i can use a bit less . 
  i hope a hotter sauce is even better !, 
  you were absolutely right - one of the cranks was a little damaged from overtightening and the pedal was squeaking against that - even did it with different pedals !, 
  a good layer of grease has sorted it out , thanks !, 
  monotype corsiva is n't quite right , but is very close ( and easy to find ), 
  [ shand stoater ] ( https://www.shandcycles.com/bikes/stoater/ ), 
  suspension is generally not recommended on a bike intended to be used primarily on roads . 
  it 's not * bad * , necessarily , but it makes the front end heavy and sluggish and robs power on every pedal stroke , making you slower . 
  cheap suspension in particular does n't really do much to make the ride more comfortable . 
  i 'd recommend something without suspension . 
  there are plenty of `` fitness '' hybrids out there that are cheap and reliable . 
  your money will go a little further with those as the suspension is quite expensive , and you can hopefully get one with better components . 
  if comfort is a concern then go with wider tyres . 
  i mostly like it because it 's so small for an otherwise fully-functioning city . 
  means it 's easy to navigate and learn all the different areas , and feel like i know it well . 
  a thick chain oil ( green `` wet '' chain lube , for example ) , applied heavily or not wiped down properly after application , then ridden in dusty conditions . 
  or oil applied twice without cleaning in between . 
  source : made the above mistakes myself over the years . 
  something recorded in [ mono ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monaural ) ? 
  be aware of the situation on the road and everyone around you , and try to anticipate their actions . 
  you 'll start to see common situations where other road users are likely to do odd or dangerous things and work around them . 
  eventually this starts to happen subconsciously and you 'll find yourself suddenly notice when someone does n't act predictably and immediately treat them with suspicion . 
  once you get good at it you start to see situations before they happen and can often prevent or avoid them with simple tools like signalling , changing position , slowing down or speeding up or temporarily taking the lane ( in my bike-friendly city my favourite way to subtly influence behaviour of a car that 's following or approaching from behind me is to simply look over my shoulder ) . 
  if something bad * does * happen , i find i 'm more annoyed with myself for not spotting it early than with the other road user 's actions , and because i 've been paying attention to them i usually understand why they got something wrong , which definitely helps avoid me getting angry . 
  it does occasionally make things worse when i notice someone being wilfully ignorant , though . 
  it 's super common as it 's the only `` script '' style font most people have access to ( iirc it ships with windows or ms office ) . 
  it 's a bit of a weird one as it 's kinda nautical-themed ( clue 's in the name ) . 
  despite looking a little bit `` piratical '' it ends up in weird places where you would n't expect to see a nautical-looking font , like cheap wedding invites or annoying email signatures ( in magenta , obviously ) . 
  that 's why i recognise it , at least !, 
  definitely a lot of disagreement and debate about that one . 
  i ca n't say for sure if you 're right or wrong , but in my experience there seems to be a benefit to using double butted spokes . 
  the argument that convinced me was that spokes almost always break at the elbow ( definitely true in my experience ) , which is usually 2mm on both straight gauge and double butted spokes , so the extra material is n't increasing strength . 
  however double butted spokes are a little more flexible , so they 're easier to true and less likely to come loose - so they 'll stay true for longer . 
  again that seems to line up with my experience . 
  i can say the wheels i have now use double butted spokes and so far have lasted longer without a break than any other wheels i 've had - including similar wheels with straight gauge spokes . 
  triple butted spokes ( 2.3mm-1 .8 mm-2mm ) are thicker at the elbow , while maintaining that flexible middle , so those are my next upgrade if i have more problems . 
  that is [ balloon extra bold ] ( https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/bitstream/balloon/extra-bold/ ) . 
  even that would n't exist without google 's success . 
  basically all of microsoft 's services are a reaction to google or others doing something they did n't have . 
  arguably their hotmail service was the first popular web based email , but a ) they bought that when it was already running and b ) they were trying to monetise hotmail by reducing the free storage to 2mb ( which is like 20 emails today ) , and charging for more . 
  until gmail came along , that is . 
  wd40 sprayed into the lock ? 
  any other doors have the same stain ? 
  could be proactive maintenance ? 
  basically any oil will do the job . 
  yes chain lube will work . 
  70psi is still fine at 250lb . 
  to be honest i 'd go a little lower , 60 maybe , if only for the extra comfort . 
  basically as low as you can go without the tyre feeling squishy or bottoming out , plus a bit so you do n't have to top them off every day . 
  i weigh about that much and run 35s at ~ 55 . 
  40 is n't really enough , but 50 + is fine . 
  you 'll need a bit more since your tyres are narrower , but i 'd be surprised if 60 was n't plenty sufficient . 
  remember co2 will leak fairly fast , so it 's only to get you home . 
  i 'd wager that if you rode carefully you 'd be able to get 3 miles on 30-40psi without damaging anything . 
  source : am big fat cyclist who is too lazy to constantly pump up tyres . 
  pooticles, 
  i tried putting some oil in the system and putting some pressure on it . 
  the piston moved a little but leaked a ton of oil . 
  still wo n't move back in . 
  scariest thing is it feels a little crunchy now - i suspect the piston ' damaged . . 
  tried taking the caliper apart , but did n't help much either . 
  the piston is n't wedged as i first thought , though , but it is stuck `` out '' . 
  feels crunchy , like there are broken bits of piston under it keeping it from going back down . 
  anyone know if it 's possible to pull the piston out ? 
  i tried gently and did n't get anywhere ... 
  thanks for the reply . 
  yeah i 'm thinking that too . 
  finding a replacement here in the uk looks like it 'll be non-trivial though , everywhere i can find it do n't have stock . 
  you say you ca n't get inside the bore , that means the pistons ca n't be removed at all ? 
  it 's out as far as it 'll go ( 2-3mm ) , and just leaks oil if i pressurise it more . 
  i had a gentle go at it with some pliers with no luck - i 'll have another crack tomorrow , nothing much left to lose !, 
  the whole reason i had it apart is it keeps ruining pads , so i think it was leaking anyway . 
  might be a lost cause . 
  thanks for the info in stock , very helpful . 
  looks like i can import one from germany , or pay through the nose on ebay , so at least i have an option if it 's unsalvageable . 
  my sneaky unexpected pool table top tip is the bar attached to the one ( yes , the chinese restaurant ) just behind the train station on botley road . 
  it 's usually fairly quiet , even friday/saturday nights . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i have an old xt caliper in my bits box , with a banjo instead of a compression fitting ... are n't the hoses wider on those ? 
  yeah i 've got an xt caliper with a hose ( and lever , but i ai n't gon na need that ) attached . 
  so you 're saying i can run that hose into the 105 lever 's compression fitting ? 
  should i use the barb and olive from the 105 stuff or the xt stuff ? 
  ( i 've probably got both somewhere ), 
  do n't be in such a rush to get tied down , take risks , chase the stuff you enjoy , travel , do new things . 
  once you 're older your cost of living increases and opportunities to do new exciting things decrease dramatically . 
  do that shit now while you can still live on a shoestring , sleep in the floor and function on 20 minutes sleep a week .
