  it 's extremely convenient that way , boots quickly , runs silently , works pretty much out-of-the-box ( well , once you 've messed around cracking the xbox  ) . 
  the difference between content and presentation , why it matters , how it helps you organise everything and the benefits of using semantic html . 
  that 's the the concept that seems to be the tipping point for most people . 
  up until they grasp it , they ca n't understand why selecting some text and hitting bold in some horrible wysiwyg editor is n't good enough . 
  if they 're really unfamiliar with html , you can even show them the concept using a word processor , defining some styles for titles or whatever and editing them in one place to change them across the entire document - that got the importance of marking up content properly through to some marketing types for me . 
  a good example is marking up site navigation , and applying various different styles to it . 
  show them that it still works with css disabled . 
  maybe show them in a text-only browser ( a `` search engine 's view '' ) , or something with ropey css support like a crappy mobile phone browser ( which might hit home a bit more effectively ) . 
  maybe even show them how you can layer on some fancy js effects without affecting the underlying document . 
  you can probably cover that nicely in an hour if you take the time to set up some examples beforehand . 
  as far as i 'm aware , you ca n't run it on an 360 . 
  plus , 360s are rather noisy things so i would n't recommend it . 
  on the original xbox ? 
  depends on the firmware you install , but most of them will let you get rid of it i believe . 
   the windows 7 starter edition will have limitations on how many applications can be used concurrently on a machine in order to preserve performance ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ hprofits . 
  ftfy . 
   also , props to ms for making win7 awesome ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ hnot suck quite as hard as vista . 
  ftfy . 
  my word , he 's a fucking smug wanker . 
  steamed carrots kick the shit out of their boiled brethren . 
  as in , they 're actually nice , as opposed to slightly mushy orange things . 
  nah , broccoli works better kinda half-boiled-half-steamed in a centimetre or so of water . 
  when steaming it , i find the texture is n't quite right , and it tends to go an odd colour . 
  might just be me , though . 
  most do , certainly . 
  i singled out carrots specifically because ( in my opinion ) they benefit considerably more than other veg . 
  it was carrots that first sold me on the idea of steaming vegetables . 
  i never thought i 'd hear myself say `` holy shit , them 's are some good carrots '' , but i did . 
  they 're even orangier when steamed . 
  which i 'm aware is n't a word , but should be . 
  garlic presses work pretty well if you just stuff a clove in there without attempting to ` unwrap ' it or chop any bits off . 
  the innards get squished through the holes and the skin seems to hold onto the straggly bits , so you can just hook it out and it takes all the crap with it . 
  otherwise , yes , they do get gunked up . 
  however , i 've been told at length that using a garlic press means i do n't deserve to cook with garlic . 
  but i do n't care , i hate biting into big lumps of garlic in my food : /, 
  wait . 
  the first day she had a nice giggly high , and the second day she felt a bit noidy ? 
  that 's exactly what happens to me if i smoke weed heavily two days in a row . . 
  dude , move jobs . 
  you sound like you have a ton of experience , work out which bits you actually enjoy and go find a job doing that . 
  change the sound then . 
  i suspect it was more unfortunate for the aforementioned ` people ' . 
  good work , 
  holy fucking shit !, 
  the headline alone is enough to give me nightmares . 
  look , i 'm a fan of os x , and apple in general ( not a camping-out-overnight-to-replace-my-ipod-every-3-months fanboy , but i think they make decent software , and their hardware is nicely designed ) . 
  but i ca n't think of a single tangible benefit of using an apple machine for a photographer . 
  i 'll buy the argument that you cant ( easily ) run photoshop on a linux box ( however you can certainly do so on windows ) . 
  if he were a unix-environment programmer , then maybe i 'd agree with you . 
  i 'd even give you the benefit of the doubt if he was doing a lot of work with pdfs . . os x does have pretty good native support for those . 
  but for a photographer ? 
  really ? 
  are you getting all tied up in the `` macs are better for designers and musicians ! '', 
  thing still ? 
  that was arguably true many years ago , but now ? 
  not so much . 
  you can build yourself a pc relatively cheaply . 
  i do n't buy into the idea that anyone doing lots of `` important work '' on their ( non-server ) computer necessarily needs the latest and greatest hardware . 
  you can save a ton by avoiding the current newest generation of kit , without taking much of a performance hit . 
  what is important is being able to upgrade your hardware reasonably regularly ( at least every 3-4 years is ideal ) . 
  particularly if you make heavy use of large , frequently updated applications as they tend to get slower with every release ( adobe , i 'm looking at you ) . 
  so , look for something reasonably priced with sufficient power for what you need to do , but do n't break the bank . 
  better yet , build one yourself . 
  if i were in your position , i 'd start with a reasonably specced machine . 
  say , a quad-core core 2 ( the 6600 is still an excellent chip ) , and plenty of ram ( 2gb should be your absolute minimum , especially if you 're working with large images ) . 
  i 'd also make sure i got a good quality full-atx motherboard . 
  then at some point in the future , when i felt the need for an upgrade , i 'd go buy myself a nice solid server case , and a couple of hard drives and turn that old box into a server , ideally with raid 1 ( maybe 5 , or 10 if you 're feeling extravagant ) . 
  then buy myself another box to be my new workstation . 
  well , okay , assuming that is the case ( and i know only very little about it , so am happy to bow to your judgement ) , then that sounds like a decent enough reason . 
  does that hold true for imacs and laptops , though ? 
  what is it with mac fanboys ? 
  any slightest hint of criticism , true or otherwise , and they immediately play the martyr !, 
  i like macs , in fact i like most of apple products ( if not the pricetags ) . 
  if i was setting up an office and had the budget for it , i 'd probably buy macs , for many of the reasons you cited ( and a few of my own ) . 
  but the point of my comment was simply that although there seems to be some perception that macs are somehow better for `` creative '' types , i do n't believe there 's anything specific there that warrants the statement that `` macs are much better for photographers '' . 
  so if i do downvote you , it will be because you 've completely missed the point of my comment . 
  reasonable points . 
  i do n't buy the ` anti-aliased screen fonts ' thing though , most graphic design applications have their own font rendering engines ( i 'm thinking of stuff like illustrator , flash , photoshop , etc. 
  i do n't know about desktop publishing software , though ) , so the only time you 'll really see the os font rendering in something you 're creating is when you 're doing web design ... and most people do n't have the luxury of unhinted font rendering on their machines , so it will look different to them . 
  i much prefer os x as an operating system , but this is really down to a combination of personal taste and familiarity with the interface . 
  so , does n't seem like a particularly tangible benefit to me . . 
  so never , then ? 
  if you can , move the hell out , replace your mattress and burn all your sheets . 
  i had a friend who was experiencing the same problem , no matter what they tried they could not get rid of them . 
  q : how many irish mothers does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 
  a : none . 
  you go out and have fun dear , i 'll just sit here in the dark . 
  yeah definitely . 
  it does n't really jump the shark until around season 6 ( and it 's still watchable for a bit after that ) , so go for it man . 
  highly recommended . 
  ruby 's syntax is heavily based on perl5 , more so than it may appear at first glance . 
  the biggest difference in the basic syntax with ruby is that `` everything is an object '' , even the fundamental types , and they have a. . less-minimal class framework , 
  even the higher-order stuff is n't far off what you can do with perl5 , it 's just had some sugar added . 
  perl6 is a totally different beast , and actually considerably larger in scope . 
  i wo n't pretend to have a full understanding of it , but from what i 've read there 's some really extremely impressive stuff going into it . 
  i 'll see your emp burst . . and raise you one small child that has been recently exposed to the concept of a `` frisbee '' . 
  seriously , though . 
  that 's a fucking terrible reason to hoard vinyl . 
  do it because it sounds better , do it because you love the tactility , do it because album artworks is n't supposed to be a fiddly little book in a cheap plastic box , do it because it 's how many albums were `` meant to be played '' . 
  just do n't do it thinking that you 'll one day make a profit if every one of the millions of easily-reproduced copies of a particular track suddenly `` evaporate '' ...
