  i know nothing of that world ) dating websites ? 
  bars ? 
  common-interest stuff ( admittedly that last one seems trickier ) . 
  what about registering on a dating site , meet some other like-minded chaps a safe distance from your home town , and try a bit of almost-completely-anonymous dating ? 
  that seems feasible to me . 
  edit : even if it 's someone you can talk to honestly and openly about it - that 's * got * to help . 
  i * really * do hope you find someone to be intimate with , even if it 's just for a moment and there 's no sex involved . 
  you know the sappy romance films where someone throws away their entire life to `` be with '' someone else , and they 're happy about it ? 
  lame as it may seem , it 's * that * powerful a feeling . 
  i 'd hate for you to miss out . 
  are you still living with your parents ? 
  weed does n't make you more creative , but it does `` open the taps '' a little and helps motivate you to think deeply about something or get your ideas out ( although it also reduces your thresholds for identifying * good * ideas ) . 
  but * only * if you do n't smoke it constantly . 
  excellent . 
  perfect opportunity ? 
  that 's fucking harsh !, 
  you think they 'd simply cut you off if they discovered your sexual preferences ? 
  whoa , hey , what ?!, 
  i was kinda with you right up until the last sentence . 
  well , kinda . 
  sacking someone who is n't good , but is n't * evil * either is hard . 
  public or private sector . 
  mainly due to employment laws and the risks of getting stuck in court for years justifying yourself . 
  it has very little to do with who might make sad-faces at you . 
  but anyway , back to my main gripe :, 
   i think the real answer is to come together and devise a reasonable non-profit private system . 
  first of all , what is a government-run programme , if not a form of non-profit organisation ? 
  wikipedia seems to think they 're pretty much the same :, 
   a nonprofit organization is an organization that does not distribute its surplus funds to owners or shareholders , but instead uses them to help pursue its goals . 
  [ ... ] most governments and government agencies meet this definition , but in most countries they are considered a separate type of organization and not counted as npos . 
  . . the only real difference being that while a public body is directly accountable to the government , an npo is n't . 
  an npo will be subject to less oversight , and their accounts and inner-workings will , to all intents and purposes , be private . 
  how is that in anyone 's benefit ? 
  how does it help ? 
  well , at least at uni you 'll have a chance to live the life you want without ( too much ) worry . 
  if you need to keep it from your parents ( at least , until you 're no longer dependant on them ) , then so be it . 
  good luck either way , man . 
  do n't let your parent 's intolerance get in the way of living your own life , 
  i loved that film . 
  and i think tucker was great in it . 
  the character is rather silly ( but , really , that 's the point ) , and he pulls it off extremely well . 
  green ? 
  possibly the best horror film ever made , and it 's definitely in the top 3 scifi films . 
  and the sequel was pretty good too . 
  my friend said to me `` if you liked starship troopers , you 'll love the sequel ! '' . 
  edit : i walked away without saying a word . 
  i watched this at the weekend . 
  not bad at all , though stallone writhing around naked in a tub of goo . . took me by surprise . 
  ( plus , sandra bullock , mmm ), 
  really ? 
  it had a great story , but they had to shoehorn it into the 5 minutes that were left over after all the shots of kirk looking moody and big spaceships flying past slowly . 
  i rewatched all the ( original cast ) trek movies over the last month or so . 
  have to say i preferred the wrath of khan over this . 
  yeah i quite enjoyed that . 
  it did n't try to be anything special , just a weird little film . 
  please take an upvote , 
  an npo has * no incentive to compete * . 
  stakeholders get none of the profits , so there 's no pressure on anyone to perform better than they would in a government-run organisation . 
  arguably , there 's * less * pressure - the government are less able to influence an npo . 
  how is that making anything better ? 
  even if competition were possible ( and i doubt it 'll factor in significantly without some form of metrics gathering and uk-style `` league tables '' - and i 've already described how broken * they * are ) , it 's a very limited form of competition as most pupils only have a handful of schools they can reasonably get to every morning . 
  if there 's only one half-decent school in the area , where 's its incentive to do better ? 
  the people with an actual legitimate interest in how schools are run are , typically , parents . 
  personally , i think they have a right to ask questions , particularly if things are n't being run as well as they 'd like . 
  your suggestion would simply shield the school from accountability to the parents of their pupils , outside of `` market forces '' ( ie , pulling their kid out of the school ) . 
  how do you expect these npos to be funded ? 
  if you 're expecting the government to fund them ( and possibly use that funding to influence them ) , then are n't you tearing down the whole system to replace it with something that 's effectively the same , but slightly worse ? 
  what makes you believe turning schools into npos would * stop * the `` exam-passing classes '' ? 
  if it 's `` run like a business '' ( which is what you seem to be implying ) , then there 's * more * incentive to look better at the pupil 's cost - and less oversight to prevent it . 
  vote this comment up if you hate shit like this !, 
  mine rrod 'd after i moved house . 
  i brought it back to life by repeatedly whacking it against my leg . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure how that worked , either . 
  his name is robert paulson . 
  i 'm exactly the same ( similar age , no car , no license ) . 
  the only difference is i live in the uk , where it 's kinda unremarkable , 
  everyone stating that the government are only in it for the database and do n't care about the cards themselves , well , you 're absolutely correct . 
  but it 's not the whole story . 
  if it were , why * would n't * they want to iron out problems with the cards ? 
  i mean , they 're stubborn and do things for the wrong reasons , but they 're not * completely * devoid of common sense . 
  as i see it , they 've sold this thing to the general public as the one true solution to preventing terrorism , illegal immigration , identity theft , fraud , and several other things . 
  but they know full well it 's not going to do any of that . 
  they 're simply planning ahead to deal with the political fallout when something horrible happens , and the media goes nuts about why the cards did n't prevent it . 
  `` because , hackers '' is a perfect excuse . 
  consider this , why have n't they used the cards simply as tokens for identifying a person in a national database ? 
  why is there any useful data apart from an opaque uuid on the card in the first place ? 
  doing that would render cracking the card 's encryption alone effectively useless . 
  stick a photo in the national database to prevent cards being rewritten to other people 's records , and ( as long as you can keep the database secure , and people actually bother checking the photos match up ) you 've got a pretty solid system . 
  but if your system is solid , you 've got nobody to blame when it does n't deliver on all the promises you made . 
  it 's a pain in the arse sometimes , but generally speaking , i prefer it . 
  particularly in the summer . 
  it helps that i live in a rather `` bike friendly '' town with lots of cyclepaths . 
  my route to town or work at the moment is a couple of miles down a towpath . 
  when the weather 's nice it 's beautiful . 
  to `` piss on ones chips '' is to ruin their day . 
  roughly analogous to `` rain on one 's parade '' . 
  if that helps . 
  and the word `` brit '' or `` briton '' is rarely heard here . 
  taking * a * piss is literally `` to urinate '' . 
  taking * the * piss is to make a joke at another 's expense .
