  just do n't take risks that 'll fuck you up long term . 
  presumably you want a job and a family and maybe kids one day , so maybe say no to the full-face tattoo . 
  stay away from the scary drugs , bag up before you stick your dick in shady-looking things and/or people , avoid crippling debt . 
  otherwise seize that shit by the balls and make the most of your youth . 
  i 'm not saying you should deliberately avoid sleep , but some of the best memories i have from my 20s involved doing something fun and/or ill-advised instead of going to bed . 
  when i was 24 that was no big deal . 
  sleep until lunch the next day , no problem . 
  now , that sort of shit fucks me up for a week . 
  the most piratical of fonts . 
  that ... seems to have worked . 
  thanks man , that 's saved me all sorts of extra hassle and money !, 
  you 're spot on , `` w '' gives it away . 
  ooh nice . 
  awesome modern take on gill sans/johnston . 
  if you like this you may want to consider using gill sans , though . 
  it 's a classic for a reason . 
  this is the third post i 've seen pimping that , presumably all from you . 
  chill out ? 
  bront, 
  dude please stop spamming your shitty hot sauce . 
  i 'm a big dude myself , do similar mostly-road-but-some-other-stuff riding , and have had several hybrid bikes . 
  i 'm currently riding a gravel bike and i * highly * recommend it . 
  drop bars are just better , in almost every way apart from the initial learning curve . 
  i used to have hand pain on rides over 10 miles , no more . 
  at all . 
  completely solved . 
  multiple positions means i can be relaxed or aggressive with my riding as i see fit . 
  it 's by far the most comfortable bike i 've ridden . 
  whack some nice big tyres on there ( 35-40mm ) and you 've got something you can take pretty much anywhere but still be fast and fun on the road . 
  major downside is cost . 
  you do get a lot for your money with a hybrid . 
  road bikes still cost a little more , and low end road bike groupsets seem really crappy . 
  mine 's a trek crossrip . 
  i 'm not particularly recommending that one as i bought it cheap , and with very little research , but crossrips in general seem a bit overpriced compared to the rest of the market . 
  yes haanjo tero seems fine for the price . 
  most manufacturers will have a gravel/adventure bike at that price point , and they 'll all be fairly similar so pick the one you like the look of . 
  better yet , hit up a bike shop and try a few . 
  bear in mind at that price point you 're looking at claris as the groupset , which is the bottom of the road bike groupset range and lacks a bit in terms of quality and reliability . 
  but this is what i mean about road bikes costing more - you 're at $ 700 for even a basic one , more like $ 1000 + for a sora or tiagra based one with some nice-to-haves like a carbon fork . 
  do n't worry too much about weight limits . 
  most are limited by the wheels , but unless you 're buying a touring or mountain bike or dropping $ $ $ it 's difficult to buy an off-the-shelf bike with wheels that 'll stand up to big guys like ourselves taking them off-road . 
  so plan to have to replace the rear wheel eventually . 
  if you do start suffering from broken spokes i strongly recommend either getting it rebuilt with new , good quality spokes , or just building a new one entirely . 
  apart from that ( and maybe needing new pedals if your bike comes with plastic ones ) , you 're likely to be fine . 
  every bike i 've had has needed a new rear wheel after a few hundred miles . 
  eventually i learnt to build them and now just proactively stick new wheels on after getting a new bike . 
  wheels make an awesome upgrade anyway , and new ones can massively improve the feel when riding , so i 've learnt to live with it . 
  do n't buy things from this spammer . 
  go for it , looks like a decent enough bike to me . 
  competition is pretty fierce at that price point , so every manufacturer has basically identical offerings . 
  as long as you understand it 's entry-level , then no problem . 
  if you do it right ( i.e. , do n't cheap out too much ) , you should only have to replace the rear wheel once . 
  what the fuck is with the repeated video with shitty synthesised speech over the top ? 
  i suspect from the tone of this thread that i 'm going to get downvoted into oblivion and insulted for asking this , but i 'm going to try anyway :, 
  why are so many so desperate to label it as an `` asian '' , `` muslim '' or `` islamic '' gang ? 
  we know they 're from various places , and there 's what looks like a white bloke in there . 
  so why are you all so angry that this chap does n't want to label it a muslim gang ? 
  it seems perfectly reasonable to me . 
  i 'm really asking , i 'm not trying to be a dick . 
  i really do n't see why it 's a big deal . 
  that is really cool . 
  the [ bbc report ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-40879427 ) says :, 
   those prosecuted were from the bangladeshi , pakistani , indian , iraqi , iranian and turkish communities, 
  are you saying that 's not true ? 
  edit : again , i 'm really asking . 
  not trying to be a dick . 
  you 're unhappy that the chap being interviewed would n't say it was a bangladeshi gang , right ? 
  but it seems ( to me at least ) that , while bangladeshis were involved , it was n't a bangladeshi gang . 
  so i can see why he would n't want to label it as such - that would be misleading . 
  seems completely reasonable to me . 
  so why is everyone so upset ? 
  fair enough , i understand your point of view a little more now . 
  but i can see he 's in a difficult position . 
  politically , i mean . 
  if he calls it a `` pakistani/bangladeshi rape gang '' , without acknowledging there were several others involved , then he 's just going to piss off those communities , and maybe risk being blamed for demonising an entire community , or inciting racial violence/hatred . 
  and i 'm guessing he needs the support of those particular communities to help catch more of these guys . 
  i can completely see why he wanted to avoid giving that impression . 
  i still do n't follow why it 's such a big deal for so many people though . 
  their ethnicities were widely reported , so it 's no secret where they were from . 
  they caught and prosecuted them , so we 're not talking about a cover-up or anything ... 
  he said they were from a range of places including turkey , iraq , iran after the reporter tried to get him to say it was a pakistani and bangladeshi gang . 
  which it was n't . 
  there were people from other places too . 
  which is what he said . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  this is a little misleading . 
  the majority of animals killed for halal meat in britain are stunned first ( i.e. 
  unconscious while that happens ) . 
  i do think doing that to a * conscious * animal , as in that video , is inhumane and barbaric , and would support the practice being banned . 
  yep :, 
  according to that , sheep were most likely to be killed without being stunned . 
  37 % of sheep killed by halal methods ( 15 % of sheep killed by any method ) were not stunned first . 
  you can see on page 4 the data for other animals on there are lower than that . 
  it does happen , and i do n't think it 's acceptable given there is a humane alternative that fulfils the religious requirement , but it 's not fair to say all halal meat was killed that way . 
  edit : missed a `` not '', 
  that may very well be true by some definitions , and there are definitely still slaughterhouses here that kill without stunning first . 
  but the fact remains that most of the meat sold as halal in this country was stunned prior to slaughter . 
  see my comment further down or have a look at page 4 of this survey by the fsa :, 
  i imagine we do n't say that because , while there are certainly a lot of pakistanis ( and bangladeshis ) involved in these horrific crimes , it 's not true that it 's * just * them , and it 's certainly not true that they 're * all * involved . 
  if there * is * a problem with those communities protecting rapists , then attacking them as a whole will only serve to increase tensions and make them more insular .
