  i never realized that they were full of shit . 
  we are taught that you should only use `` du '' with friends and other people that you know very well . 
  i never said as much . 
  they are not too dissimilar , because they share roughly the same culture . 
  that is why the usa works . 
  ah , cool , i will start paying attention to him . 
  in the netherlands we had ayaan hirsi ali , a female somali immigrant who was mp between 2003 and 2006 . 
  she was very critical of islam and was one of the inspirations of geert wilders . 
  you get the bonus points : `` bonus points if you can make a joke you have to know two languages for ! '', 
  what 's his/her name ? 
  `` so an elephant goes on stage ... stage destroyed '' the joke is that `` toneel stuk '' ( stage destroyed ) and `` toneelstuk '' ( theater play ) are homophones . 
  `` what is the most prevalent foul in women 's soccer ? 
  stretching tits ! '', 
  the joke is that `` tiet rekken '' ( stretching tits ) sounds similar to `` tijd rekken '' ( timewasting ) in certain dutch dialects . 
  this one * kind of * works in dutch too : maakt niet uit hoe dicht je bent , goethe was dichter, 
  `` so a pyromaniac goes to a roadside restaurant , restaurant gone '' the joke is that `` wegrestaurant '' ( roadside restaurant ) and `` weg restaurant '' ( restaurant gone ) are homophones . 
  translation : `` i do n't know much about birds , but i do know that guus is a seagull '' guus meeuwis is a very popular dutch singer , and in this grammatical clause the words `` guus is a seagull '' are `` guus meeuw is '' . 
  it all depends on whether current immigration rates continue and whether the birth rates of immigrant groups stay the same . 
  both of those things are unlikely , so it is probably true that it will take until 2100 instead of 2050 . 
  however , as long as integration is not succesful , we 're heading towards some big problems with parallel societies . 
  it does not matter if that timeframe is 35 years or 85 years , because immigrant groups like the turks and moroccans have been here since at least the 1970s and still have not integrated well . 
  a good sign is that the third generation of turks seem to be more liberal than the second generation , who was more conservative than the first generation . 
  this is reflected in turkish women becoming more independent and making their own choices regarding having children ( currently turkish birth rates are similar to native dutch birth rates ) . 
   also , what 's rather important is that multiculturalism is just another ideology . 
  it can thus be discarded with proper arguments . 
  this is a very important realization . 
  i believe the true result of mass immigration is not multiculturalism , but parallel societies . 
   i do n't care about multiculturalism , as long as people integrate . 
  that 's the problem with many of the islamic groups though , they do n't integrate and form parallel societies . 
  i mean , if i and thousands of other dutchmen suddenly had to move to turkey or pakistan or whatever , i would have trouble integrating too and i 'd probably stay in a community of dutch immigrants forever . 
   i want austria to stay austrian . 
   now that does n't mean that everybody here has to be ethnic austrian , not at all . 
  people of all races can be austrian . 
  and that is happening with certain immigrant groups . 
  maybe not so much with the parents who immigrated ( understandably ) but their children being austrian . 
  same here . 
  chinese , black and hindustani surinamese , indonesian and south american immigrant groups integrated quite seamlessly into dutch society . 
  middle eastern groups not so much . 
   as a little side note , that shows the irony of the whole debate here in vienna : it 's a very common thing here that young , educated , left-leaning people are in favor of more immigration . 
  the might also live in districts with a high immigration number and talk about how much they enjoy it . 
  until the day they have children themselves !, 
  then they move to a school district that has 90 + % ethnic austrian children . 
  the former leader of the dutch greens party moved her kid to a majority non-western school , but she removed him and placed him in a 90 + % dutch school because of poor school results , bullying and general school problems . 
  the key word here is culture . 
  the individual polities of the hre had similar cultures , which is why their unification worked . 
  no , i do not support it . 
  i think the rates of immigration are too high and i do n't want to be a minority in my own country ( a scenario that seems increasingly more likely past 2050 ) . 
  i think `` multiculturalism '' is a flawed concept , because in practice it results in ghettoization and loss of identity for all . 
  funnily enough , in my experience voicing these concerns is a little more accepted among my generation than among my parents generation . 
  most of my friends wholeheartedly agree with wanting to limit immigration , whereas my parents still believe in the possibility of a multicultural society . 
  do note that i support immigration from countries with cultures that are ( somewhat ) similar to mine : hardworking pseudo-calvinist spirit , generally irreligious , socially somewhat liberal , stuff like that . 
  this means i am for example not ok with hardliner religious americans immigrating to my country , whereas i 'd be ok with liberal americans , regardless of race . 
  chantal and stella are working-class first name in the netherlands too . 
  i know that a lot of african immigrants in big cities like rotterdam give their children names like destiny and hope . 
  i have never heard of the name chardonnay though . 
  that 's as trashy as naming your boy rolex . 
  daan comes from dani\u00ebl and has cognates in most european languages . 
  kees is an ( admittedly weird ) shortening of cornelis , which also has a lot of cognates in other european languages . 
  lotte is short for charlotte , which has cognates in many roman languages . 
  the only one that seems to be unique is hessel . 
  it seems to be a relatively new `` invented '' name ( but are n't all names `` invented '' really ) . 
  i know two different women named bela , both dutch . 
  oh i just realized , \u00c5ke has a cognate in frisian : auke, 
  the etymology is completely different though . 
  well , in the netherlands the first thing people think about when hearing that name is attila the hun . 
  not hispanic . 
  vinexwijk dweller with subscriptions to esoteric magazines and a pinterest account . 
  and yes , she spelled it caesar , not cesar . 
  since the main question has been answered by other commenters , i am curious , what kind of novel are you going to write ? 
  yes , that is definitely going to cause issues . 
  i would not recommend that at all . 
  it is possibly even illegal with some heavy consequences ( barred from entering the us , stuff like that ) . 
  yeah , they are all trend names . 
  i know a torben , a bj\u00f6rn , and a sven , all born in the mid-1990s . 
  seemed to be a thing then , picking a common scandinavian name as a name for your kid . 
  these days , extremely uncommon names seem to be all the rage . 
  my mother is friends with a woman who named her kid ... caesar . 
  the poor young ` un . 
   although idsart is pretty cool yeah , he 's my uncle . 
  his name is the full version of the more commonly seen name its/ids . 
  i 'll pass on the message that internet people think his name is cool . 
  my name was supposed to be auke too , honoring the alternating naming custom of naming your child after the paternal grandfather . 
  but my mother changed her mind last-minute and decided to give me another name . 
  that 's what i am saying . 
  * gvozden was born with an abibas tracksuit and a leather cap , which are an integral part of his body . 
  the midwife started playing turbo-folk while his mother uttered the final words : `` i will name him gvozden !, 
  boy , have i got news for you about a fictional wizard, 
  how very slavic , to name your kid just `` iron '' . 
  sounds very badass . 
  i am frisian and i have a huge frisian family full of weird names . 
  some examples of names of my family members : aant , idsart , auke , tjebbe , dukke , akkie , doeke , fokkelien . 
  many people in my ( frisian ) family have names like that : aant , idsart , auke , tjebbe , dukke , akkie , doeke , fokkelien . 
  frisian first names often do n't have clear cognates in other languages , nor are they popular in other countries . 
  i think if i 'd name my kid attila , he 'd get an instant +10 pt boost to testosterone just for having that name . 
  bj\u00f6rn is somewhat common in the netherlands . 
  i have never seen the other ones , except for a kid named kjeld way back when i was still in primary school . 
  i speak 3 languages , maaaaaaaybe 4 if i am being really generous : * dutch is my native language , and i am fluent in english . 
  * my german is average , enough to be able to hypothetically live in germany without running into major problems with communication . 
  i live right on the border , and i can make myself understood when shopping in germany . 
  * i speak just enough french to be able to order a bus ticket or a hotel room .
