  in the netherlands , abortion has been legal since 1981 . 
  theoretically , women are free to have an abortion for any reason up until the 24th week , but in practice doctors will heavily discourage abortions for excessively frivolous reasons . 
  there is also a legally mandated minimum period of time between the first consultation visit with the doctor and the actual abortion procedure . 
  this time period is six days and is meant for self-reflection regarding the abortion , to minimize cases where the mother regrets the abortion or has it done on a whim without considering additional factors . 
  the amount of pregnancies that are terminated is relatively low compared to other european countries . 
  i think this has to do with the liberal , open attitude towards sex ed in the dutch education system , as well as a healthy , sex-positive attitude in society in general . 
  a few years ago , the dutch theocratic christian party ( sgp ) tried to reopen the debate on abortion , but their party leader met a lot of dissaproval from other members of the parliament after his speech . 
  the overwhelming majority of dutchmen are in favor of legal abortion , and that is unlikely to change in the future . 
  as it should be . 
  16 weeks is plenty of time to decide whether you want an abortion or not . 
  abortions past 16 weeks slowly becomes a morally grey area to me . 
   i want one city we could go to that has that classic quaint brick and mortar european stereotype do a day trip to haarlem when you are in amsterdam . 
  it is the most silly dispute ever . 
  this whole post-modernist , feminist bullshit started in the usa in the 1960s and has exploded in popularity on us college campuses . 
  every once in a while , we see some effects of this movement in europe , but you can not deny that this all started in the us . 
  as for your points : bahar mustafa was fired sweden did not ban gender in schools . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  the rhodes statue in oxford still stands . 
  no one cares about the feelings of a few butthurt extremists . 
  what `` naughty language '' can land me in jail ? 
  not a bad thing when you live in america , but you 'll have to integrate in the local culture if you move to another country . 
  two years is way too short too learn a language well enough to be able to read , write or listen to the academic level of that language . 
  why do british tabloids have such an obsession with diana ? 
  the mushroom picking !, 
  i got invited by some austrian-slovenian guys to go mushroom picking when i was in southeastern austria , near the slovenian border . 
  i dislike them . 
  soulless , monstrous buildings . 
  also not a fan of post-war architecture , most of it is ugly shit . 
   but because so many people there speak english it 's really not necessary to learn the language . 
  many germans are n't that good at speaking english . 
  [ about half of the germans self-report that they can not hold a conversation in english ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/conversation-english-eurobarometer.jpg ) . 
  when i was still in high school , we had an english language-focused exchange program with a german high school , and their proficiency in speaking english was downright terrible . 
  the exchange girl i was paired up with could barely hold a conversation in english , and that was the norm for most of her classmates too ( they were all 15-17 years old ) . 
  results may vary depending on the age and social class of the speaker , however . 
  i have noticed some stilistic differences : the tone of some dutch wikipedia articles on historical subjects resembles an engaging and exciting history book , as opposed to the dull , prosaic tone used on the english wikipedia . 
  this is why i sometimes prefer the dutch wikipedia over the english wikipedia , especially when reading about dutch history . 
  there are a lot more spotty articles that have n't had a major overhaul since like 2006 on the dutch wikipedia though . 
  if i ca n't find in-depth info on a subject on the dutch wikipedia , i switch to the english one . 
  have you been to europe before ? 
   we were planning on leaving our car at the hotel again , parking is a bitch , especially in amsterdam . 
  sometimes , there are n't even any public parking spaces in front of hotels in the amsterdam inner city . 
  source : i live in amsterdam . 
  sure , cars are flexible , but parking is a bitch in european cities . 
  german highways ( autobahn ) have no speed limits , so it is very important to stay out of the leftmost lane . 
  some drivers in that lane go at ridiculous speeds . 
  [ i added some markers for possible major stops . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p9lyw95.png ) . 
  yellow = very likely that they 'll stop there ( including sofia since that seems to be the starting point of their trip ? ), 
  green = a little less likely that they 'll stop here . 
  i included budapest since there were already so many top-tier cities on the list that i can barely imagine they 'll cram in another top-tier destination  who comes up with an idea like that ? 
  it ca n't be enjoyable . 
  op is probably either american or bulgarian ( based on the weird starting point of the trip ) . 
  the american tourists usually embark on trips like these based on this pervasive american misconception that europe is `` small '' . 
  as for bulgarian tourists , i would have no idea . 
  man , even the guided tours where you stay in one place for a longer period of time left little impression on me . 
  i just want to experience destinations at my own pace . 
  i remember a five-day ( ! ), 
  school trip to york ( just the city of york , nothing more , nothing less ) when i was 15 , and all we did was hurry from place to place in the city , staying maybe like an hour at each attraction . 
  i do n't even * know * how the school managed to fill five days , one hour at a time , in a single fecking city . 
  it all quickly became a blur of drab old stone buildings , y' know ? 
  just give me three weeks of tuscany , doing absolutely nothing but chilling on the edge of a swimming pool and occassionally feigning an interest in culture by taking a stroll through siena or something like that . 
  [ three billion hours in ms paint ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2aa1e5x.png ) i assume that he 'll be visiting the most noteworthy city in each respective country . 
  this is the shortest possible itinerary i came up with , based on this assumption and the order in which he listed the countries . 
  i think he skipped over serbia because they 'll probably be passing it twice , but i am not entirely sure -- so i left that stage blank . 
  the total itinerary might even be longer if they visit more places in germany , france , italy and/or spain -- but based on the 19 day span in which all of this will take place , i doubt that . 
  yeah . 
  i feel like this dude got suckered into some sort of shitty all-inclusive deal . 
  i am currently mapping out his itinerary in ms paint for laughs , and it is really ... quite something . 
  18 countries in 19 days ? 
  what madness is that ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5nfker/how_much_money_to_bring_for_a_19_day_trip/dcb3ssw/ ), 
  jesus h. christ , you all will be visiting 18 countries in the span of 19 days ?? 
  i bet you do n't even need that money since you 'll never even be leaving the bus in the first place , judging from that insane schedule . 
  some advice : bulgaria , serbia , croatia , bosnia , macedonia , hungary , and the czech republic have their own currencies . 
  you will not be able to pay with euros in those countries . 
  i am a geography nerd , and i like reading about us history/politics/culture , so i have them all memorized at this point . 
  * maine : this is one of the few states i know relatively little about in terms of stereotypes . 
  i know there are some french people up north , and that a lot of rich people have property on the coast . 
  their governor is the definition of an idiot . 
  * vermont : liberals that love their liberties . 
  * new hampshire : conservatives that love their liberties . 
  coincidentally has the shape of vermont , but upside down . 
  * rhode island : has two uses , 1 ) driving through , and 2 ) its size is used as a comparison whenever a record-breaking iceberg breaks off from the north pole . 
  * massachusetts : this state was created during the great consonant surplus of the 1600s . 
  bostonians have a weird accent and their city is vaguely european compared to other cities in america . 
  there are a lot of college students here . 
  * connecticut : because there were n't enough states in new england already . 
  part of it is basically just suburbs of nyc . 
  the rest is full of catholics iirc . 
  * new york state : nyc absolutely dominates the politics of this state by virtue of its enormous demographical size . 
  i think some of the cities upstate are a bit rust-belty , right ? 
  in nyc itself , everything happens twice as fast and everyone is a lot more rude to tourists ( which i can totally empathize with , having lived in amsterdam myself ) . 
  do n't bring an unregistered gun within the city limits of nyc , you 'll be in serious trouble . 
  * new jersey : all the aspects of america that i hate , neatly packed into one state . 
  * delawhere ? 
  * maryland : this is some serious border gore . 
  who came up with the borders of this state ? 
  * pennsylvania : rust belt cities and towns . 
  the penn. 
  countryside is one of the most conservative parts of america . 
  the amish !,
