9 % of afghanistan 's population is uzbek . 
  this means that there are more than 3 million uzbeks living in afghanistan . 
  i would n't call that insignificant , especially considering they form the majority in that specific region . 
  also , some prominent afghan warlords are ethnically uzbek . 
   sure , but i have no interest in it you bring something up yourself , and then you say you have no interest in discussing it ? 
  that 's ... odd , mate . 
  american foreign policy is definitely a factor in the rise of islamism , but it is not the main factor , nor can these recent attacks be explained as retributions towards america . 
  is itself put out documents , in which they explain ( in english ! ), 
  that they hate us because we 're disbelievers , and they specifically mention that the hate is not because of western foreign policy . 
  this is actually much scarier , as it means that this wo n't stop in the foreseeable future , even if western nations change their foreign policies . 
   they see themselves as part of a global muslim community , and when the west attacks one muslim country they fight back regardless of what country it is . 
  exactly . 
  the quran itself advocates this `` us versus them '' attitude : `` let not believers take disbelievers as allies rather than believers . 
  and whoever [ of you ] does that , has nothing with allah , except when taking precaution against them ^ 1 in prudence ^ 2 . 
  and allah warns you of himself , and to allah is the [ final ] destination . '', 
  -- surah 3:28 ( ali ` imran ) 1 - the disbelievers 2 - `` taking precaution [ ... ] in prudence '' refers to the practice of dissimulation towards disbelievers . 
  if a muslim does not participate in this , he will `` have nothing with allah '' ( will not be protected by allah ) , which means it is by that very fact itself an obligation . 
   afghanistan ethnically uzbek people are the majority of inhabitants in [ a significant part of northern afghanistan ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/idioma_uzbeko.png ) . 
  uzbekistan is a poor and underdeveloped third world country ( hdi of 0.675 ) , with a traditional islamic culture ( it 's population is 88 % muslim ) . 
  it also happens to be a former soviet republic . 
  these two things are not mutually exclusive . 
  mainstream islam itself is ultra-conservative compared to western cultural attitudes . 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  you are suggesting that we should suffer , because our ancestors made others suffer . 
  your argument is essentially just `` an eye for an eye '' , but on the scale of entire countries and their inhabitants . 
  good for you . 
  however , you should not let your emotions influence important matters . 
  these buildings are much sturdier than those flimsy american suburban homes . 
  the building quality of american houses is extremely poor . 
  lots of plywood , flimsy roofs , weak frames . 
  it 's an architectural nightmare . 
  it 's no wonder modern american homes have such a short lifespan . 
  what does that have to do with this photo ? 
  it 's not the wicker man . 
  lots of well-off british and american people succesfully settle in small towns in france , spain and italy . 
  the things that people all over europe in small towns do : mostly service jobs , some farming , but also some industry jobs if there is an `` industrial '' area nearby . 
  they polled a representative sample of people in each country , and asked if they believe in god . 
  this way , you get more accurate numbers for religiosity , since many non-believers still identify as ( culturally ) christian in surveys . 
  my mother , for example , consistently refers to herself as a catholic , yet she admits she does not believe in god . 
  we do n't have multiple rounds either , yet we do n't have mega-parties . 
  maybe greece needs a paradigm shift ? 
  judging from your flair , i guess you voted for the jessiah ? 
  which voting stations opened at 00:00 ? 
  i know that some voting stations at railway stations were open really early ( 05:30 i think ) for early commuters . 
  but which ones opened at mldnight ? 
  hey hold up -- you forgot something . 
  did you know that gert-jan segers lived in egypt for seven years ? 
  crazy , huh ? 
  context made it clear that he was referring to jesus ' message , not jesus as a person . 
  i mean , he ai n't wrong . 
  but then again , even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  do n't vote often , vote just once . 
  how do you feel about vvd 's move towards an america-style economy ? 
  it was very busy at my polling station -- lots of young couples with kids , getting in a vote before dropping off their kids at school ; and students on bicycles . 
  ( i live close to campus ) . 
  henk krol loves making up statistics and telling transparent lies , so you 're probably bang on the money . 
  solid prediction , except for 50plus and pp . 
  the former is imploding and will probably struggle to get more than 3 seats at best . 
  the latter is very unlikely to make it past the * kiesdeler * , based on the polls . 
  they have not fluctuated much in the polls , and keep polling closer to 0 % than 1 % , so there is no reason to think they 'll get an unexpected boost at the last moment . 
  i wonder if it would be a good idea for pvdd to change their name at some point . 
  it might work out really well , or backfire horribly -- i am still unsure . 
  that makes it much harder for new political movements to enter politics though . 
  typically , a succesful new political party will start off by getting one to five seats , and then it will either become even more succesful in the next elections ( like partij voor de dieren ) , or quietly die out ( like countless parties throughout the 20th century ) . 
  having seats in the tweede kamer is the best way to continue getting exposure in the media and among people that do n't pay as much attention to the finer details of politics compared to the really , really enthusiastic news junkies . 
  if the the * kiesdrempel * would be 8 seats ( 5 % ) , it will be much harder for new parties to gain traction . 
  this can lead to `` electoral momentum '' , a situation where national politics consistently lags behind new political developments . 
  it will also lead to an unexpected amount of strategic voting and unnecessary party consolidation . 
  in my opinion , a * kiesdrempel * would thus cause a severe democratic deficit , and we would gravitate too much towards a system with three or so toothless centrist parties . 
  what electoral system does greece have ? 
  no one claimed that these languages sound like each other . 
  the topic of the discussion is whether maltese has incorporated a lot of loan words from italian or turkish into its lexicon . 
  this is a * lexical * map , meaning it only compares vocabulary , not other aspects of language . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  ... the what ? 
  eh , the average amount of smog in london in the 1950s was comparable to the average amount of smog in cities like shanghai nowadays . 
  people are already dying of the effects in cities like shanghai , and china is already moving towards sustainable , green energy sources that do not emit smog particles . 
  china is trying to be more sustainable . 
  remember that the smog in london in the 1950s was as bad as the smog in chinese cities nowadays . 
  i predict we 'll see the skies clear up within a few decades , as china switches over to green energy . 
   in this case , we 're going to ignore this rule for this post and a few others , where this notice will be posted . 
  these select posts will stay up why are you guys leaving this post up ? 
  i have noticed that this type of americans are terrible at detecting sarcasm . 
  dude , vienna and budapest are some of the biggest tourist destinations in the world . 
  especially vienna is absolutely crawling with tourists . 
   a major concern would be terrorism . 
  no it wo n't . 
  you are more likely to drown in a bath tub than die in a terrorist attack . 
  terrorist attacks are also more likely in the us than in europe anyway . 
  yeah , i imagine british chav porn is really popular in the states . 
  all the people in limburg are starting to discover pornhub . 
  i had to google it . 
  i am the most vanilla person ever when it comes to porn tastes , so . 
  it 's weird , because most of our muslims do n't speak arab . 
  the moroccans are almost all berbers , and the turks do n't speak arab either . 
  i am guessing that the fast gain is because dutch proxies are really popular to escape internet censorship in the arab world . 
   eyl\u00fcl `` ey , lul '' in dutch means `` oi , fuckhead '' . 
   fin finland trying to establish a foothold in dutch statistics . 
  this map only includes countries where subnational statistics were available . 
  most african and asian countries do n't bother with recording and publishing subnational stats , they publish only a national homicide rate .
