  for some reason the creator of this map opted to not include those nationwide statistics , and labelled those countries as `` no data '' instead . 
  why would they ? 
  there is no indication on the map that they include suicides . 
  are we going to continue saying this ? 
  he is the only member because he saw what happened to list pim fortuyn : if you let a bunch of inexperienced lower party members rule the joint , it will end in chaos . 
  even longer , he has been a member of the parliament for 18 years now , with a short interruption of three months in 2002 . 
  i see a process . 
  i do n't know the exact end point . 
  but i see the process . 
  who knows . 
  it is already dissappearing in lower-class neighborheads in big western european countries . 
  gradually . 
  year after year , european culture will weaken . 
  through replacement of culture . 
   we also do n't know anything yet . 
  might just be an accident . 
  it is confirmed to be a deliberate attack now . 
   but hundreds of people dying across two years is not enough to bring down a civilisation . 
  but demographic changes are . 
  yes i know all of that . 
  that does n't change the fact that the full , official name of the netherlands is plural. , even in dutch . 
  [ it specifically refers to the netherlands ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/koninkrijk_der_nederlanden ) . 
  dude , the full name of the netherlands in dutch is koninkrijk der nederlanden . 
  which is ... plural !, 
  swimming lessons are advised because [ there is a lot of water in the netherlands ] ( http://www.noel-murphy.com/rotch/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/burtynsky-polders-grootschermer-the-netherlands-2011-1.jpg ) . 
  and yes , our beaches are great . 
  i mean , it 's supposedly closer to english than to dutch . 
  a person speaking dutch with a frisian accent is not the same as the frisian language . 
  please note that a person speaking dutch with a frisian accent = / - the frisian language . 
  when my grandparents speak frisian , i ca n't understand it at all . 
  i recall reading that 62 % of dutch prisoners have foreign ancestry . 
  what do you mean by `` lots of le pen ballots in the bin '' ? 
  speaking of wikipedia , they have a policy against weasel words like `` it was proven many times ... '' hence my wikipedia-like request : do you have any sources for that claim ? 
  shut up medkit, 
  [ ahem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince%27s_flag ), 
  reddit as a whole is about 70 % male , 30 % female , according to a survey held about a year ago . 
  that 's a really good album , one of my favourites actually , but why am i looking at the movie poster for soylent green ? 
  what are you guys ' favourite asterix albums ? 
  uderzo continued as the sole author after goscinny died . 
  as a result , the plots suffered and the new asterix albums are n't as good as the old ones . 
  eventually , uderzo quit and two new authors now write and illustrate the comics . 
  the comic supposedly improved now that uderzo does n't write the plots anymore . 
  ( however i have n't read the new ones myself , so i ca n't confirm or deny . ), 
  i remember reading somewhere that the rise of superhero comics had a lot to do with american regulations regarding content . 
  there are a couple of european franchises that have not died with their original author , but that were used as templates by other authors . 
  spirou and suske & wiske are good examples . 
  spirou was created by velter , continued by jij\u00e9 , and eventually became massively popular when franquin ( of gaston lagaffe fame ) took over . 
  suske & wiske were created by vandersteen , and was continued by several other authors . 
   the how , and the way one would deal with illegal immigration , which is becoming an increasing problem . 
  there 's never even a semblance of a how , just grandiose promises , even for a politician . 
  but the question remains , would you * support * reducing immigration to 10,000 immigrants per year ? 
  he was being sarcastic . 
  really ? 
  what kind of jobs are you talking about when you talk about `` those jobs '' ? 
  what kind of scandals happened ? 
  why is the inverse not true ? 
  if they wanted macron , they 'd have voted macron in the first round . 
  most * reputable * polls are n't conducted online . 
  i think they omitted the vote transfer lines that are so small that they are insignificant . 
  are ordinary frenchmen not good enough as employees ? 
  furthermore , she was n't talking about highly skilled immigrants from highly developed countries , she was referring to immigration of uneducated people from third world countries . 
  do you happen to know why the cities have such low percentages of inscrits ? 
  it 's not just paris , i looked up medium-sized cities like nancy and montpellier , they had only about 55 % of inscrits , compared to a national average of +70 % . 
  what 's incoherent about her plan to reduce immigration to 10,000 immigrants per year ? 
  why is their time running out ? 
  fine , 90 % then . 
  it has been pointed out to me that melenchon supports such a tax rate . 
  there is little difference between how extreme these measures sound to most of the population . 
  the group that is going to support a 90 % tax rate for the ultra rich , but not a 100 % tax rate , is probably not very big . 
  i am not saying there is anything wrong with it . 
  in fact , i have no strong opinion on the matter because i know too little about the effects that such a policy would have on society . 
  hence , i have not taken a position on this particular topic . 
  all i am saying is that * most voters * think that this policy is far too drastic , which might make melenchon unelectable . 
  i am pretty certain that many people also upvoted this because it confirmed their worldview , not because it was a particularly clever comic . 
  this sub skews heavily anti-brexit , anti-trump , anti-le pen ( not saying there 's anything wrong with those three things , i am just pointing it out , i am not a fan of them either ) . 
  he was n't saying that this comic is a racist joke , he was using the genre of racist jokes as an example of humor that often elicits a serious , critical response . 
  political humour is similar in the sense that it also elicits a similar kind of serious response . 
  a political comic like this polandball post is a good example of that . 
  the user you responded to used the genre of racist humor as an example , because it makes his point much more obvious . 
  he is not implying that this polandball comic is racist , he is only illustrating how certain genres of humour generate ( hopefully meaningful ) serious discussions . 
  i see the melenchon internet defense force has arrived . 
  i know how progressive taxation works and i support it . 
  yet i also believe that proposals like 90 % / 100 % tax rates for the ultra-rich make a politician unelectable in the current neoliberal climate . 
  what does this platitude even mean ? 
  bulgaria and romania are often considered part of the balkans . 
  he is not offended , he is criticizing the world views of op and all the people who upvoted this comic . 
  even if the choice is between marine le pen and a politician who proposed a 100 % tax on the rich ? 
  note that i do not endorse or agree with le pen , i am just pointing out how unelectable melenchon might end up being . 
  is n't melenchon - le pen the nightmare scenario , since that is pretty much the only second round scenario where le pen has a real shot at winning the presidency ? 
  that would be a germanized version of the russian name `` evgeniy '' . 
  ... maybe only `` corpsballen '' visit your corner of flanders ? 
  he might have meant `` personally interacted with '' instead of `` walking down the street '' . 
  dutch people are indeed fairly frugal . 
  the country is even flatter than the stereotypes make it out to be , especially in the coastal provinces . 
  we love our bicycles . 
  there 's probably more bicycles than people here . 
  there are special lanes in the roads for bicycles , multi-story bicycle parkings , and there 's cyclists everywhere . 
  i 'd say that most people my age use their bicycle on a daily basis . 
  what i am trying to say , is that tunisia is too culturally distinct from the european macroculture to be part of the eu in the foreseeable future . 
  radical islamism is a big problem in tunisia .
