well to us londoners this is all very simple . 
  northerners are savages . 
  midlands ? 
  what 's that ? 
  all i know about the welsh is that everything is ` lush ' according to them , especially the sheep . 
  the irish are angry and drunk , drunk and angry . 
  scotland is really far north . 
  cold and did i mention ? 
  really far north . 
  thank god for the south . 
  thank god for london , there 's actually things to do here . 
  oh and i almost forgot ... haha , we have an actual transport system !, 
  that 's landaaaaaan for you . 
  man , imagine if landaan was its own country . 
  what could * possibly * go wrong ? 
  we 're the best . 
  it was meant to be sarcastic . 
  well , i 'm just goint to exit out of this conversation now . 
  the response was to the fact that you claimed a refugees welcome sign was extremely left wing . 
  there have been other people in r/europe that have taken this even further by arguing that syrians should not flee their country and anyone who thinks otherwise is marxist scum . 
  my mentioning of that is not putting words in your mouth , that 's called making a clear comparison that this sub can be much worse . 
  not sure if you 're a very bad troll or just stupid . 
  i did n't even know refugees resettled in czech republic . 
  do n't 40 or so apply every year ? 
  what 's with the banners then ? 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  forget about logic mate , in r/europe and european country threads people are arguing that the syrians should stay in syria , left for dead , and they 're getting upvoted . 
  you argue otherwise and you 're communist scum . 
  can you imagine if the italian and spanish made banners ? 
  haha ha ha h, 
  well now , that 's just utterly brilliant . 
  did i imply anywhere that it was ? 
  i do n't need to click that link in order to know it 's a mongolian throat singing video , amirite . 
  and you do n't have to worry because the migrants do n't want to live there either . 
  hence why they 're simply not applying . 
  instead they do want to live in one of the world 's financial capitals with the best education institutes , healthcare , transport systems and prospects . 
  i happen to like diversity , people in london of all races compete , hang out together , and eat each other 's cuisine . 
  it 's rather nice . 
  that 's quite cool , mongols are pretty metal . 
  : / it 's hilarious . 
  you see so many people from other countries crying out hell for germany and sweden in r/europe , but then you go onto their respective subreddits and the people there are much more tolerant and understanding towards the refugee crisis . 
  the asylum seekers either go to border countries like turkey or they aim for european countries with a better history of tolerance and prospects . 
  therefore , very few will seek out lithuania , because you see ... they do n't want to live there either . 
  the number of asylum seeker * applicants * increased by less than 20 in the last year . 
  it has n't increased by 400s each time , more like a dozen and sometimes the number of applicants even goes down . 
  if you consider 400 applicants for asylum which were mostly denied worth nipping in the bud for lithuania then by all means . 
  it 's the same here in britain , ukip and anti refugee hysteria are the most popular in the areas with little to no immigration/refgees . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted ? 
  this is actually a fact . 
  i did n't know people could dislike facts . 
  i was n't trying to imply lithuania should . 
  and the asylum seekers are clearly aware of lithuania 's status as only around 400 refugees applied for asylum last year there . 
  i 'm just saying , it 's a bit funny for the op to dictate what sweden and europe should be doing about asylum seekers when lithuania does n't do anything . 
  what has lithuania really done for the asylum seekers ? 
  i can understand sweden and germany pushing for a referendum but you guys ? 
  lol . 
  i was expecting the worst but you 're a pretty nice guy . 
  ... ... why did i click on this . 
  i mean , what was i expecting to see , pictures of rainbows and kittens . 
  yes , it was definitely a lot easier to get on the property market back then . 
  she had a little help from my dad but it was mostly her own money and work . 
  my mum migrated in a time when the west was very fearful of china due to mao . 
  she 's an extremely dedicated and tough person , which is why she 's been able to accomplish what she has accomplished . 
  however , of course it 's extremely unreasonable to expect people to be as great as her . 
  lol . 
  i suspect her being by herself also helped , as weird as that may sound because she had no support or friends back then , but it forced her to reach out to various people and it made her learn english ( plus english culture ) as quickly as possible . 
  just to play the devil 's advocate ... my mother came to england alone at the age of 19 during mao 's era , could n't speak a lick of english and had grown up in a rural snowy northern chinese village on rations . 
  she taught herself english in 2 years , found herself a job , paid her taxes , married , bought a sweet house , and next thing 's next , she loves to read about the royal family in the press whilst drinking some english tea . 
  that makes sense , thanks . 
  sorry but do you a source for the statistics ? 
  i 've been told so many conflicting things about asylum seekers in germany . 
  so in london and other big cities we have jewish , chinese and pakistani areas too . 
  however , most of these communities ( like golders green and chinatown ) were formed due to the threat of persecution . 
  do the recent immigrants in the us not form neighbourhoods out of poverty like they do in the uk or is it because they want a stronger community ( as you mentioned earlier , one is more likely to be employed by someone of a similar background ) . 
  i see , that 's informative , thanks !, 
  it 's hard for 2:1 graduates of all races to find jobs in the competitive uk market . 
  positive discrimination is very much a thing in europe . 
  i read the article , and they did mention a muslim neighborhood that 's predominant language was arabic . 
  my question was more of a general and slightly off-topic one anyway . 
  oh this is my first time hearing about this actually . 
  i do n't recall seeing any burqas last time i visited the us ( washington , north california and michigan ) . 
  yeah this is pretty much the conclusion i 've come to , the middle class muslims immigrate to usa and therefore are n't driven into overpopulated poor neighbourhoods . 
  so the american muslims live intimately in neighberhoods with other races/religions and learn to take on western values . 
  so they 're wealthy , middle class and educated ? 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  it would explain why they 're not forced into poor neighberhoods . 
  in the article they mention specifically an asylum seeker who has recently settled into a muslim neighbourhood where they all speak arabic . 
  i might be jumping to conclusion but my guess is those neighborhoods have not assimilated fully yet . 
  and to my knowledge , you do n't see this in america . 
  well i 'm obviously not directing this at the syrian refugees who have just gotten off the boat . 
  there are * some * established muslim communities in the uk that have yet to assimilate . 
  i do n't mean all muslims , i know many that are very british . 
  however , there is a sizeable number who do n't speak english , the women wear niqabs and even burqas , and they do n't integrate outside of their community despite living here for years . 
  you do n't see this in america so i 'm just asking why . 
  i just had someone school me that 2/3rds ( although i found on an economist artcle that claims a third ) of asylum seekers in germany are from the balklans , and they are mostly denied . 
  is it honestly completely down to that 5 % gap ? 
  i ca n't help but think it 's more than that . 
  serious question , why are american muslims more assimilated than european muslims ? 
  if the uk also decided to take on 800k refugees , we would n't be any better now , would we . 
  wtf .
