  activists will soon be able ( unless this re-enactment is passed ) to sue phone companies and force them to destroy records currently being used ( or that will be used ) by the police as evidence in investigations . 
  that 's the emergency and why it 's being rushed through . 
  the police will lose access to phone data they might need if the companies destroy the data and they are being threatened with legal action already - the government has highlighted the syria issue as to why it 's particularly necessary . 
  activists could start legal action tomorrow to force the destruction of the data so the government wants to act fast . 
  others here mentioned the lack of opposition : & gt ; in return for agreeing to back the legislation , labour and the lib dems highlighted new moves to `` increase transparency and oversight '' , including :  \u2022 the creation of a new privacy and civil liberties oversight board to scrutinise the impact of the law on privacy and civil liberties  \u2022 annual government transparency reports on how these powers are used  \u2022 the appointment of a senior former diplomat to lead discussions with the us government and internet firms to establish a new international agreement for sharing data between legal jurisdictions  \u2022 a restriction on the number of public bodies , including royal mail , able to ask for communications data under the controversial regulation of investigatory powers act ( ripa )  \u2022 termination clause ensuring these powers expire at the end of 2016  \u2022 a wider review of the powers needed by government during the next parliament . 
  so in other words the government needs help to act asap to maintain the status quo and in exchange we get some small limits on privacy infringing regulations , a new oversight board to oversee the privacy implications of retention , a 2 year limit on the current laws in which we will have an extended public debate during an election year combined with a review of the necessity of the current rules and every year the government will report on how surveillance and data retention effect people . 
  it seems like a win to me . 
  it would have been nice if there had been more of a public discussion but the government is working to a very short time frame ( which has already effectively run out ) and they have now set aside 2 years for public debate of these issues to make up for it . 
  i hope the lib dems make it front and centre for their manifesto in 2015 : i have a feeling that 's why nick clegg wanted the 2 year limit so he ( or whoever replaces him ) can slam cameron on civil liberties in the election . 
  only with regard to human rights though . 
  i can envisage the two institutions merging in the future - eastern europe part of the eu and russia expelled . 
  yes . 
  when the eu joins the two jurisdictions will basically be one and the same . 
   nick clegg should be standing against this . 
  these regulations are enacting the same regulations as existed before . 
  it 's hilarious how all these people in / r/unitedkingdom and / r/europe are getting so angry about this now but failed to say anything for the last 10 years while this has been law . 
  i remember watching criminal prosecution about 10 years ago when i was a kid ( my father is a lawyer ) and they would periodically refer to phone records and asked the defendant to explain the calls . 
  i think a lot of people are seriously confused about what is going on . 
  nick clegg and ed miliband have got cameron to commit to a review of gchq 's surveillance powers in exchange . 
  in fact this has turned out quite nicely . 
  nothing in the law will change but david cameron will be forced to confront the gchq issue which he has been deftly avoiding for a year . 
  you can raise issues about national laws in the ecj but only if it 's within the eu 's jurisdiction . 
  if it breaches the echr however a court case can be brought to the court of human rights ( which is not part of the eu ) . 
  of course these [ two ] ( http://onebigphoto.com/uploads/2013/04/london-from-the-air.jpg ) [ cities ] ( http://en.mercopress.com/data/cache/noticias/39356/0x0/china.jpg ) are basically the same , right ? 
  it was a bit unclear as to whether she tried to enter illegally or whether she was intending to sort out something when she got to the border . 
  it sounds like she left ukraine in a hurry out of necessity so perhaps she thought there would be some protection for her given she was fleeing a warzone . 
  if she did try to sneak in without declaring her position then of course your right but it sounded like she 'd completed part of the paper work and perhaps was trying to take advantage of the fact that she had no choice in where to go after she left her country . 
  i would have expected the authorities to be more lenient to her if she was up front about her situation and effectively a refugee . 
  you forget how much shit people have to go through outside of the eu when crossing borders . 
  free movement is a really great thing and we should n't throw it away . 
  firstly that vote represented just one in 10 brits . 
  secondly , all the while ukip were moaning about how every seemed to dislike them , about how the main parties were ganging up on them and how they were branded as extremists . 
  now they were branded extremists not because of their view on europe but because of their views on immigration but they two are policies that go hand in hand . 
  the fn in france is the same way , euroskeptic and extreme far right . 
  either way they are certainly not liked online , especially not on / r/europe where they tend to be the most angry , raving and unreasonable people you can possibly talk too . 
  i hate the reasoning behind this . 
  if your argument is it 's bad pr then you have no-one to blame but yourselves . 
  you ca n't say this guy is to blame for making your look bad if he just said what you did . 
  if people think worse of you after being told mere facts it 's probably because of the moral quality of the act itself not the whistleblower that made you look bad . 
  if your argument is that now the russians know we are doing this i think that is way underestimating what the kgb et al can do and is willing to do . 
  they have an ex-kgb guy in the kremlin for gods sake they ca n't be strapped for cash or legal authorisations . 
  i would be incredibly surprised if the russians had not known what the nsa was doing for decades . 
  i mean binny and drake came out and said this years ago but had no documents to prove it so the agency fired them , threatened them with jail then tried to discredit them . 
  if that did n't make the russians suspicious and at least look at the possibility of the nsa tapping the internet they would have been almost negligent . 
  the russians have certainly tapped phone calls of prominent ambassadors etc so i would be surprised if they are n't also doing that on a wider scale . 
  snowdon has denied working with the russians and they certainly ca n't be too aggressive with him given the whole western world knows his name and knows he 's in russia . 
  if he was aggressively questioned for information everyone would know immediately . 
  if he wo n't co-operate then the best thing to do is stay away from him , do n't do anything to make yourself look bad and ride the pr wave all the way . 
  also : `` but , he allowed , `` the debate he raised is an important one '' about the limits of u.s. intelligence gathering and personal privacy . '', 
  shut.the.fuck.up . 
  if it was an important debate why is he and his ilk so concerned to have him snowden tried as a traitor ? 
  why were the political class so concerned to play down the revelations ? 
  i bet it 's great to just wait until the shit hits the fan , work as hard as you can to stop the debate and when you fail , try and ingratiate yourself with your critics by pretending you share their concerns . 
  this guy part of the problem which pervades politics . 
  keep the people out of the loop and push the envelope of executive power until they find out . 
  pull back for a few years and then keep pushing trying to keep as much information as secret and unaccountable as possible because they know that the public , the very people they are supposed to represent and who should be able to hold the executive to account through the legislature , would not allow it if they knew what was happening . 
  that 's no way to run a democracy . 
  you 're quoting gross numbers to inflate them . 
  we get a little more than 20,000,000 a day back from the eu in various forms if you want an equivalent comparison . 
  the treasury itself estimates that the amount we spend via central government expenditure is only 24,000,000 a day . 
  just for comparison we spend over 100,000,000 a day on the armed forces and 468,000,000 a day on the nhs . 
  our budget allows us to spend about 2,000,000,000 every day . 
  in other words even the unrepresentative gross figure you quoted could be covered in 10 days by the government budget and we 'd have another 355 days left to spend on other things . 
  if you take the actual uk treasury 's numbers not farage 's and you use net figures which actually represents the amount we lose from the balance sheet each year then the cost is covered in 4 days . 
  access to 500 million people and a continent wide market where international sales are hugely simplified via common trade and product rules for 4 days of tax revenue ? 
  i 'll take it every damn day . 
  now compare that to what the confederation of british industry , the biggest industry lobby representing over 240,000 businesses big and small including most of the ftse 100 , estimates , after consulting the economics literature , the eu is worth economically to the uk economy - anywhere between 62 and 78 billion - or in other words 170,000,000 a day at the very minimum or 214,000,000 at the highest . 
  in other words while our government loses between 8 and 12 billion a year our economy gains between 50 and 70 billion a year . 
  in other words its a fantastic investment . 
  that 's why the cbi are behind the campaign to stay in the eu as are the vast majority of business ( 78 % of cbi members compared to about 40 % of the population ) . 
  whichever way you look at it ukip loses the economic argument really badly and it 's painfully obvious to anybody that understands even a modicum of information about the eu and economics in general but people still quote this dumb 55 million number as if a. ), 
  it 's supposed to shock people b. ), 
  it 's even accurate which it 's not and c. ) it makes any difference or contributes anything to the conversation without an assessment of the benefits we get for that money . 
  [ here is a cbi factsheet where they list quite succinctly why the benefits far outweigh the drawbacks from a business standpoint . 
  ] ( http://www.cbi.org.uk/campaigns/our-global-future/factsheets/factsheet-2-benefits-of-eu-membership-outweigh-costs/ ) other very pertinent reading : https://fullfact.org/economy/cost_eu_membership_gross_net_contribution-30887 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/10423941/make-us-central-to-a-reformed-eu-businesses-tell-cbi.html http://www.ukpublicspending.co.uk/, 
   buttmad and people wonder why euroskeptics are not liked ... 
  forwarded via email . 
  if they 're into sadistic nazi shit they might enjoy that ... 
   the article is quite biased : `` most divisive figure in europe '' , for real ? 
  his father being forced to fight for germany suddenly means the guy was a nazi they were talking about the reaction of the british press and the nazi thing is a direct paraphrase from the sun . 
  the reaction of the tabloid press is not representative of the british people and certainly not representative of cameron 's viewpoint . 
   a depressingly moderate european politician think about what people think when they hear the word federalist though . 
  they think , not entirely incorrectly , that this guy considers that ultimate power over the uk should emanate from brussels not from london - are they mistaken ? 
  the idea of their own parliamentary institution losing it 's place as the true repository of power in the uk for the first time in 1500 years makes some british people slightly uncomfortable . 
  it is after all a huge constitutional change and if there 's one thing the british are uncomfortable with it 's constitutional change . 
  i think a lot of people , myself included perhaps , like to highlight the inoffensive and `` depressingly moderate '' status quo in the eu and say that anybody who gets worked up about loss of sovereignty is just scaremongering . 
  however some people are less worried about the current arrangement and very worried about future constitutional changes that are not `` depressingly moderate '' but are in fact very radical ... and i find it very difficult to argue against that . 
  when you look at junker or verhofstadt or schultz or van rompuy or any senior player in the eu right now they all in time intend to move ultimate sovereignty over britain to brussels . 
  now , that thought does n't alarm me nearly as much as others and , of course , they are doing it very very slowly but at no point does there seem to have been a public discussion at national levels or between national and international levels about federalism . 
  did every person who voted for the christian democrats in germany also intend their vote to count towards support for moving ultimate sovereignty from berlin to brussels and leaving germany with only the powers of a subordinate state or province ? 
  some of them probably did but some of them probably did n't . 
  yet all of their meps show up just the same in the parliament in the epp in favour of federalism . 
  i do n't think the christian democrats toured germany on a platform explicitly making clear that a vote for them was a vote for federalism despite the fact that ultimately , it was . 
  the labour party certainly did n't do that here in the uk , they never even mentioned their thoughts on federalism in case it alienated voters but every labour mep will sit with the socialists as a pro-federalist bloc . 
  it seems rather strange to me ( and pretty difficult to defend ) that a national party can ` forget ' to mention when campaigning that they are in favour of subordinating their current state to a province of another country , gain their votes on entirely separate issues only to have someone like junker et al suggest that a majority of europeans voted for the federalist blocs so cameron should stop opposing him . 
  there does n't seem to be much connection between the publicly promoted manifestos of the national parties and the manifestos of the european parties they sit with on the federalism issue which strikes me as a bit misleading and undemocratic . 
  i think european parties should only be able to make federalism their express policy if a majority of the meps in the bloc belong to a national party which publicly campaigned on the issue by including in a public manifesto . 
  i think david cameron highlighted the regulations on businesses and the finance industry , immigration and free movement , and the ` ever closer union ' part of the treaties which basically imply that federalism is inevitable . 
  good idea . 
  the far right tends to be less of a threat when it 's isolated a threatened .
