  it also assumes that even in a recession the government will think about customer experience when assigning contracts . 
  in reality they are much more likely to assign contracts to the cheapest tender resulting in train companies lowering standards and service so that the contract can actually be delivered within budget . 
   only serves to undermine the nation . 
  and ? 
  when you have international problems like international trade in goods and services you need co-ordinated international solutions which inherently will involved international decision making not unilateral decision making and as such will always undermine the nation state . 
  in other words you ca n't have a truly efficient international free market without undermining national borders . 
  nor can you solve problems like global warming or even defence ( nato ) without binding the nation state to an international agreement . 
  with the eu there are definitions of what is an eu competency and what is a national competency and these boundaries can change over time so the eu will never eliminate the nation state but where issues have international significance nations will be treated as one . 
   `` the europeans are scared because there are a lot of u.s. companies that are making great cheese , '' said jeff schwager , president of sartori cheese . 
  some european cheese producers may be scared that the traditional is being shunned for the american made stuff especially if it 's just as good - it will obviously cut into their profit margins . 
  my question is that if american companies make such good cheese and if plymouth , wisconsin is really the cheese capital or world as they say they why do they need to associate themselves with other places in the world . 
  if their brand is superior then why bring it down by associating with somewhere in europe . 
  i think it 's probably because he knows he makes a shit load of money off being able to use the traditional association with quality of other places to sell copies ( even if they are very good copies ) in the us . 
  there is a real value in authenticity and i think american consumers would quite like there to be an easy way to tell whether the champagne they see in the supermarket is from champagne or somewhere in the us . 
  i think the authentic version would be able to charge a premium for that . 
  i think i 'm going to make some traditional tennessee bourbon from my house in the uk . 
  i have no idea how to make it and my inevitable failure to create anything drinkable may harm the image of tennessee bourbon in people 's minds stopping them from ever buying it in the future but it 's only a generic term right ? 
  maybe i 'll send some to jack daniels and see if they like it . 
  i 'm sure they wo n't mind me imitating their product . 
  to my knowledge ukip have n't brutally beaten anyone up yet or even come close . 
  it certainly give you access to more of the internet which can be a great moderator of authoritarian regimes . 
  i 'm going to guess he makes it ... 18 months before disappearing ? 
  maybe 24 at a push . 
  is he totally fucking mental ? 
  thanks . 
  we made it ourselves . 
  i was about to ask how you could just happen to see the french president but then i remembered i bumped into him in london as well . 
  he was visiting french student supporters at my university before he was elected . 
  well obviously . 
  what else would he say if the eu fails to give him what he wants . 
  he 's spent the last 2 years explaining everything that 's wrong with the eu he turn around and say ' i know nothing has changed but all that stuff i said before ... yeah , it 's not that bad really . ', 
  wroaerah !, 
  a new cold war and a return to the potential for nuclear exchanges is exactly what we do n't want . 
  europe will be the first hit by russian missiles , europe will be the first to be starved of energy and europe will be the first to have territory annexed . 
  on the one hand that does mean defence spending needs to be increased but on the other it does n't mean that diplomatic attempts at de-escalation can not be attempted . 
  what this author is ultimately advocating is that europe go beyond putin and threaten him and surround him with military force which anyone knows will almost guarantee a war ` cold ' or ` hot ' given putin 's character . 
  he is suggesting that europe deliberately create a battle line on it 's own borders and deliberately enter a new era of dangerous containment policies while a warmonger is in the kremlin whose popularity goes up the more the west is seen to punish russia and whose main response is to start a war without trying to find a diplomatic solution that might result in fewer people being killed . 
  there 's no doubt russia 's actions should not be tolerated hence the sanctions the eu and us had put in place ( which will hurt the eu a hell of a lot more than the us ) but voluntarily returning to the cold war before we need to should be a last resort not the first resort as this author seems to be saying . 
   it 's bigger than that chris , it 's large . 
  if you 've got a history book at home , take it out throw it in bin , it 's worthless . 
  from english history i know william i ( of england ) duke of normandy died while on campaign against the french king and i know king john lost normandy to philip ii in about 1214 after a long war . 
  it 's probably not correct to say the normans were destroyed as a people but i think it 's fair to say that the normans and french were often at odds and normandy was destroyed politically ( as an independent entity apart from france ) . 
   it was just the normans who were destroyed by the actual french . 
  here you go : https://encrypted.google.com/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=england&amp;tbs=imgo:1, 
  the rmb will do much more in time . 
  the uk just announced plans to issue rmb denominated bonds to increase it 's supply of it as a reserve currency clearly intending for it to replace the dollar as the main reserve currency . 
  we had a similarly low turnout for the european elections sadly . 
  i wonder if all this focus on politics will increase turnout in other elections . 
  they 've allowed 16 year olds to vote most of whom have registered specifically for this and presumably who 've been introduced to politics in quite a positive way seeing everyone else so interested . 
  40 % would visit the sea ? 
  it was embedded in an article about scotish independence . 
  actually what this shows is that only about 1 in 5 christian parents register their children as the same religion as themselves compared to 2 in 3 muslim parents . 
  if christian parents registered their children as their own religion at even only a 50 % rate then christian children would vastly outnumber muslim children . 
   everybody spies on everybody yes but everyone does not carry out dragnet surveillance on the entire population of friendly nations . 
  it 's totally different . 
   warnings of imminent economic doom were given by rbs , bp , standard life etc in 1997 . 
  they just do n't want the uncertainty . 
  uncertainty is a business killer so any doubt about the stability of the uk 's government or economy or currency will all push investors away to the many many other places which are less unstable . 
  when they predict economic problems they often mean economic problems for themselves . 
  now , economic problems for major companies in small countries can be really bad - ireland is the perfect example . 
  i think people are right to say there wo n't be economic armageddon for scottish people and this has been overblown by the no campaign . 
  however it might harm scottish businesses which would in turn hurt the scottish economy . 
  much will then rest on how salmond responds to the instability after independence to regain the type of investor confidence that the uk enjoys right now and that will be a long process that will take 5-10 years to play out . 
  saying there will be no harm done at all is to say that the constitutional arrangement of the uk is not significant particularly those people that stake their own money on the performance of scotland and it 's economy , namely international investors - ergo it 's stupid . 
  of course there will be harm ( both to scotland and the uk ) but scotland 's future will either be a slow recovery or slow decline . 
  any prediction of a massive earthquake moment is wrong i think . 
   banks in the city are probably thrilled that they got an ally in brussels . 
  yes , intelligent from junker as it will calm the nerves of the city that the eu had decided to clamp down on them - banker 's bonus cap and all that . 
  right because the tories and labour are so credible by comparison . 
  prescient interview with christopher hitchens which touches on the subject at about 5.15 . http://youtu.be/is_tjw5psue, 
  by that logic the irish should still feel british . 
  now , geographically you can pretty accurately say they are part of the british isles but ` british ' as the [ demonym ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demonym ) generally refers specifically to the uk . 
  the british government is the government of the uk etc. 
  in a similar way that the irish do n't consider themselves british anymore the scots wo n't in a generation or so . 
  apparently the guy killed a cat just before and walked around with it . 
  given that it 's not terrorism related and they are n't looking for anyone else it looks like just some lone crazy person . 
  you do , you just do n't need head rests on them . 
  do n't forget the conservative leadership is generally pro-eu . 
  conservative backbenchers have about as much influence on policy as the opposition - they can encourage or embarrass the government into doing something but unless you 're in a government department you do n't have a say on policy . 
  the argument has n't really happened yet though . 
  cameron 's referendum happens in 2017 if he wins the next election - if he does then he 's said he will dedicate 2015 and 2016 to renegotiating our relationship . 
  he 'll do his best to change the bits people do n't like and he 'll put it in front of everyone and argue that we should vote to stay in after this renegotiation . 
  that 's when the real arguments start . 
  given the involvement of the baltics it is designed to defend them from a russian invasion . 
  i was under the impression that before he backed putin there was the possibility that medvedev would have been the one to run if the public liked him enough but he folded and backed putin . 
  i think i saw it in a documentary about putin . 
   pretty much the same thing happened in georgia already in 2008 . 
  i do n't think it 's quite the same thing . 
  the wars in georgia had been going on for years before 2008 with russia publicly supporting the breakaway territories . 
  it was also georgia which started the 2008 conflict but russia which took advantage to destroy georgia 's army . 
  ukraine and russia have not been at war nor had crimea been trying to breakaway before 2014 . 
  it was instigated , carried out and orchestrated by russia compared to georgia where they took advantage of a genuine civil war . 
   medvedev did n't run in 2012 did they have a primary type election then ? 
  i swear i remember them both campaigning for something . 
  i do n't know why the uk does n't do this . 
  all this moaning about free movement and they could just do this , something totally legal under eu law that would send a strong message to people who are unhappy about the eu . 
  i expect many brit do n't even know we are allowed to do this . 
  history did n't have to repeat itself this time around but putin has made sure it has . 
  even medvedev understood that pulling russia back into authoritarianism is not going to help and he developed a much more constructive relationship with the rest of the world but he lost the election in 2012 ( however rigged it may or may not have been ) and putin is back in control and every year he stays the harder he will be to remove in the future . 
  i think a lot of people thought it really was crazy .
