  for good reasons though . 
  people will vote for him based on domestic policies ; austerity , nationalisation and his personality . 
  i doubt many people have really put much thought into what he will say to putin next time the guy tries to annex part of eastern europe or what he would do if article 5 of the nato treaties were triggered . 
  i wonder if corbyn has . 
  and i do n't see this as something other countries like germany or italy are willing to risk serious unpopularity over either so i would assume it wo n't happen . 
  this is the decision whether or not to use the european financial stabilisation mechanism ( an emergency fund created by the eu to stabilise crashing markets in the eu ) as short term loan to greece until further bailout funds are provided once the stipulations of the recent deal are met . 
  britain does n't like this idea because it has contributed to this fund and does not want * it 's * money at risk in the interests of solving a problem it sees a largely caused by the euro and it 's corresponding institutions . 
  it was worried about this in 2010 so struck a deal that british money would not be used for eurozone bailouts . 
  as a result it has n't taken part in previous loans to greece . 
  using the efsm would overrule that agreement but it would require a vote in the european council before it would go ahead . 
  countries are currently aligning themselves in favour or against using the efsm and the scandinavian countries inside the eu will likely side with the uk is any future vote . 
  france will likely vote against the uk . 
  no-one should be stunned by this . 
  the imf changed its tack on austerity years ago and advised debt relief was necessary in their report published very recently . 
  not sure if your joking or not but it 's not a strong argument to say `` you may have eliminated 99 % of shootings but because you ca n't eliminate the last 1 % we should just hand our guns on the street because gun regulations do n't work . '', 
  in fact it concedes the point that by and large gun regulations work . 
  `` instead london should have a black woman , specifically me . '', 
  how is that speculation ? 
  that 's the whole point of these negotiations . 
  they would n't be happening if greece was simply free to do what it want and received help from the institutions/creditors . 
  we do know that . 
  greece will not be able to stay in the ez without funding . 
  the only way it can get funding is to come to an agreement with it 's creditors who will have some significant influence over fiscal policy . 
  as such , if greece wants to stay in the ez there will always be some form of policy dictation from other creditor countries . 
   independently from policies dictated by other countries well , the cost of that will be leaving the ez . 
  depends which syriza values more . 
  in a new recession no-one can be isolated . 
  [ some people are even questioning whether deutche bank would survive another recession . 
  ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-06-12/deutsche-bank-next-lehman ), 
  this is going to be really painful for eurozone banks , at least in the short term , and may cause another depression . 
  i think the troika is crazy not to make a deal . 
   gay marriage is legal in america , not in germany . 
  oh , well i guess that 's fine then . 
  everybody pack up your things and get out of here . 
  turns out the usa is heaven on earth and the very definition of freedom !, 
  who knew ?!, 
   americans think we do n't give a shit about what germany thinks . 
  and yet a major us publication has written a story about it and you yourself have made the effort to comment in a thread , in / r/europe of all places , just to tell us all you do n't care about what germany thinks . 
  it actually seems like you care way more than everyone else . 
  even americans do n't believe it yet they continue to vote for the same group of corrupt pricks . 
  a uk news source and the uk pm are always going to focus their own nationality . 
  a lot of other countries have contribution based welfare systems ; we give full access on day 1 . 
  germany bans benefit cheats from the country for a temporary time ; we do n't . 
  etc etc. 
  freezing benefits for 4 years may be a bit too far but provided cameron applies the same system across the board ( which he may want to do if he has to cut 12 billion from the welfare budget ) then poland does n't get a say . 
  as long as their 's no discrimination against non-british eu citizens then it 's not an eu issue . 
  he can do as he likes notwithstanding diplomatic pressure . 
  there 's so much we can currently do under eu law that we are n't doing . 
  people are all hung up on treaty changes but britain is still very generous with giving benefits to migrants - we would be well within our rights to require people to pay in first before they claim and yet we do n't . 
  we got a dutch king at the end of it all . 
  generally if one of the other guys controls your country it tends to look like you 've lost . 
  could the increase in trade with other nations not be at least partly down to the free trade agreements the eu has negotiated ( with favourable terms ) with other countries ? 
  surely when ttip is concluded in time our trade with the us will go through the roof further reducing eu trade as a proportion of our total trade . 
  yet the whole reason the treaty was negotiated and the whole reason we are able to stand up to us mega-corporations and their paid spokespeople in the us congress is precisely because of the eu 's negotiations . 
  that 's not an argument to leave . 
  if anything it 's an argument to stay . 
  if the increase in trade with developing countries has come from non-eu based trade deals other arrangements then he needs to be very specific as to why we have managed to trade with other parts of the world without leaving the eu and why it 's necessary that we now do leave the eu despite the trade we have apparently been able to gain in spite of the eu . 
  if the eu has shrunk as a proportion of our trade then we must be able to build some sort of trade relationship outside of the eu despite him saying `` being part of the eu means not having trade deals at all . '', 
   big vested corporate interests tend to encourage [ common regulation ] since they get to decide and what exactly do you think us corporations would be doing if the uk decided to negotiate a trade deal with the us ? 
  sitting by the side respecting out sovereignty or threatening to close part of their operation in the uk making 1000s unemployed unless they got to decide how the trade deal was written ? 
  i 'm guessing the latter . 
  corporate interest are going to be all over ever deal we ever make - better to be a $ 17 trillion player than a $ 2.5 trillion player if you have to stand up to those people . 
   if we only had to comply with single market rules when selling to the single market , we would be free from much of the harmful eu regulation when seeking to sell to the world . 
  what if we like that regulation and do n't think it 's harmful ? 
  what makes you think small businesses can afford to comply with eu regulation as our own hypothetically and apparently less harmful regulatory scheme ? 
  are they not simply going to be trapped with one , unable to afford a redesign to sell in both markets thus killing trade ? 
  i 'm more likely to be persuaded than most by a pro-free trade argument but this is not convincing to me at all . 
  it 's not nearly that black and white and he 's cherry picking aspects that make his own solution look like it works and ignoring the downsides to his own points . 
  from my point if view it 's fine to be fat , you just need to accept that , like a smoker , you 're killing yourself and you should discourage people from following in you oversized footsteps . 
  `` we want a referendum !, 
  let the british people decide the matter '' `` ok , but the government believes it 's best to stay '' `` it 's all rigged , a referendum wo n't decide the matter '' . 
  i think massive is an over statement . 
  ukip was the only party calling for it and the represent between 10 and 20 % of the country . 
  why ca n't they just fight over the pacific ocean ? 
  why do we have to be made primary targets in this giant dick swinging contest ? 
  while we do tend to see an increase in anti-eu sentiment around eu elections the trend is pretty clear . 
  anti-eu sentiments were high in 2013 but they were high all year that year and have been for decades . 
  were currently experiencing the most significant and prolonged level of support for the eu since we joined and demographically this will only continue as young people support the eu at levels of around 60 % or so . 
  it would be hard in the uk for people not to have learned some things about the eu from all the news coverage and the fact that support has gradually increased suggests to me that provided the referendum is fought on accurate facts it will be an easy win for the yes campaign . 
  ukip will do all they can to prevent that though and it 's up to cameron to do what he so rarely does and try and ensure the political debate is accurate . 
  he is pm , that has a little cache at least . 
  if he calls farage out on his bullshit then the public will at least have to question the sensationalised ukip narrative which , if people are smart enough , will undermine ukip massively . 
  they rely on people taking them at face value as their arguments , particularly the economic ones , can not stand up to scrutiny . 
  especially when they 're just about to testify against putin and reveal his links to organised crime . 
  [ then their luck gets really bad . 
  ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-20/poison-chemical-found-on-russian-who-died-in-uk3a-report/6483118 ), 
  there 's nothing wrong with business lobbyists meeting with politicians provided they also meet with activists who oppose the lobbyists viewpoint , preferably in equal numbers . 
  94 % is totally crazy . 
  does n't have to be funny to point out out the hypocrisy of the church 's position on gay marriage . 
  that 's not funny at all . 
  never say never but the way labour dealt with our national security and civil rights after 9/11 should absolutely reflect on the party and it was pretty disgraceful . 
  just because they would n't repeal certain legislation does n't mean they would n't bee searching for ways to undermine that same legislation . 
  ... before 9/11 . 
  they then proceeded to dismantle the infrastructure of civil liberties that existed before the act . 
  if the hra has been introduced in 2001 rather than 1997 it would never have passed in a million years . 
  a slight tangent but there 's no reason there ca n't be restrictions on free movement as long as the main principle is not compromised , even merkel has said that . 
  free movement is currently restricted to those in work and those who are self-sufficient . 
  the treaties are not very specific on job seekers ( they suggest job seekers are not covered but the ecj has ruled that they are covered for a reasonable time ) and restrictions could be imposed there with basically no compromise on the current treaty wording . 
  the commission has also stated that if a country can show it is being economically harmed by things like benefit tourism it will change the law . 
  the uk has never proved it is harmed ( because it is n't really ) but the commission recognises that states welfare systems are not there to be abused and will probably accept a clampdown on welfare abuse .
