  there is a difference between talking about a problem within an ethnic or religious community and [ holding ordinary innocent members of that community responsible ] ( http://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/midlands-news/edl-planning-demonstration-solihull-over-9004757 ) for the actions of others and harassing them on a day to day basis . 
  there 's also a difference between peaceful protests and [ physical attacks on people ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1094547/woolwich-edl-protests-as-mosques-targeted ) because of the colour of their skin or religion regardless of their relation to the subject of the protest . 
  the latter examples are racist and the former examples are not . 
  the edl are rightly called racist because they do the latter , when jack straw simply says we have a problem with rapists within the pakistani community and suggests ways to solve the problem he is taken much more seriously because he does n't do those things . 
  this is only one poll and does n't necessarily suggest a trend though it does n't seem all that surprising . 
  support for leaving grew by 4 % but that means the biggest increase was 8 % in the `` do n't know '' camp . 
  it seems quite likely that , as the article points out , many business people feel that given the ongoing negotiations it may be better to sit on the fence now so they can wait and see just in case cameron fails.they might be worried about looking silly for supporting the negotiations only to support staying anyway if they fail . . 
  i do n't really see any stonewalling - all i see is articles that promise that some kind of nondescript progress has been made with basically everyone saying how keen they are to find a solution . 
  everyone in the other thread was rightly surprised about this kind of genuine reporting coming from the sun . 
  glad to see things are back to normal again . 
  [ he recently wrote a book about the successes \\ ( and failures \\ ) of civilisations ] ( http://www.amazon.com/civilization-west-rest-niall-ferguson/dp/0143122061 ) so presumably he 's just recycling some old material so to speak and maybe trying to make a few book sales along the way . 
  he 's actually a really good writer and i enjoy his books ( though i disagree with his politics ) but he 's also a good salesman - his entire academic career seems ( as far as my limited interest can inform me ) to be focused on selling more books . 
  articles like this from people like him always make me suspicious . 
  i think it would be enough for people to support airstrikes in syria just not a full on invasion . 
   at some point we will stand up , go there and crush them in a few weeks if people really believe that can be done then now is as good a time as any to do it . 
  2 attacks in paris in 2 years , bombs in turkey and all over the middle east , 2 gun attacks in 9 months in tunisia , a bomb on a russian plane among many other smaller attacks . 
  isis are coordinating internationally to kill innocent people and it 's about time the rest of the civilised world coordinated too and forced countries like saudi arabia to stop supporting these murders with every diplomatic and economic method possible . 
  they need to be forced into making a choice between murderous religion and continued participation in world politics . 
  burma 2 : electric boogaloo, 
  the us gives less per capita but britain also gives less than norway per capita . 
  absolute figures are just a measure of population . 
  i feel dirty . 
  `` you see , urgent debates are only necessary if we 're being spied on '' . 
  i expect this is a veiled warning to david cameron that unless he protects the city big banks will support the campaign to leave which is self-interested but understandably so . 
  how can people who take a silly cartoon so god damn personally be expected to think intelligently about international politics ? 
  grow up . 
  this is the real benefit of the eu throughout europe . 
  surrounding countries bring themselves the standards present in the eu in order to feel the benefits of trade and a close relationship and possibly even membership in the future . 
  it makes something like the balkan conflict ever more unlikely as surrounding countries would not risk the loss of a beneficial relationship/future membership for extremism . 
   americans are a little hands off  little hands, 
  employing administrative staff to keep up with the increase in applications i imagine . 
  oh fuck ... this is scary . 
  so was obama and sarkozy and cameron . 
  besides that was n't really a war - no-one was shooting back , it was just airstrikes on the libyan army which could n't very well defend itself . 
  i do n't mean to defend any of their sense of judgement but it does n't make her less preferable than trump . 
  she 's been secretary of state of years and there 's not been a major war . 
  besides , she is at least competent . 
  she 's a criminal too but she 's not going to fuck everything up for herself . 
  trump is one of these people who 's so incompetent he does n't realise how incompetent he is and they 're the most dangerous because they just assume they 'll be able to do a job when in reality it will be a disaster . 
  normally it takes a really public failure to convince these people that they are n't as good as they think but it 's probably best that public failure does n't involve nuclear codes and the us economy . 
  yep , coverage starts at 23:15 gmt on bbc one . 
  it ties the recipient of the investing country to the policies of the investor . 
  western countries are going to be a lot more lenient and forgiving on conflicts between china and other countries or the un if those countries know that china owns their entire energy system/water system/transport networks . 
  if they own it they can do whatever the like with it - under-fund it , close it , force it to use overpriced chinese suppliers - and , as in many european countries , if infrastructure is subsidised by taxes then we could be using tax money to prop up inefficient , potentially corrupt companies that funnel cash to china . 
  that 's the worst case scenario . 
  maybe it would be amazing and the chinese state/companies would run it better than we could ourselves but do you want to take the risk ? 
  if we go down that road then there 's no going back without forcibly confiscating what china owns which would cause a diplomatic argument . 
  it 's not an inherent risk but you ca n't predict what china will do when it becomes the most powerful country in the world ( which they will ) . 
  and wilfully blind . 
  yes . 
  the referendum is just advisory . 
  parliament is the most powerful institution above all the others . 
  the decision wo n't be overturned . 
  the government is already preparing and going back now would be political suicide . 
  so it 's a hypothetical question that should n't worry anyone . 
  vote against it . 
  a majority of constituencies voted to leave so if they all vote like their constituency then nothing will change except the the government negotiating points will need to be made public for the debate . 
  only in relation to eu law not any other law . 
  either way there wo n't be a tie in the supreme court because they only ever sit in 3 , 5 , 7 or 9 depending on the importance so there 's no such thing as a tie . 
  it 's not federal , it just looks like it is . 
  before the 1990s the government in westminster made all the rules and had total power . 
  since then it has voluntarily devolved power ( in response to political movements ) to each country to avoid them being too dominated by a mostly english government ( 85 % ) . 
  that 's why england does n't have its own parliament , it 's just assumed that uk parliament is good enough . 
  ultimately power still lies with central government and devolution is entirely voluntary and reversible but in practice reversing it would be political suicide . 
  it would be illegal under the eu treaties for us to do so . 
  whatever they 're talking about it 's nothing substantial . 
  well , a50 simply triggers negotiations on us leaving and it gives a 2 year timetable . 
  what those negotiations produce is entirely unknown . 
  true but triggering article 50 could mean a range of things . 
  it could mean reverting to the wto rules or signing a comprehensive trade deal with the eu that gives us some access to the single market ( ie soft brexit ) . 
  the latter will take years and years to negotiate fully thus delaying the negotiation of other deals . 
  the former will fist our economy . 
  i do n't think either is ideal . 
  [ i do n't consider # 66 billion and a 10 % drop in gdp to be fine . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-latest-hard-brexit-uk-economy-66bn-cost-leaving-eu-a7354996.html ) i 'm sure that in the very long run we will indeed be fine but i 'm already in my mid-20s and it 's rather frustrating that it will be me and my generation paying for this throughout our working lives - paying for something we did n't want and did n't vote for . 
  maybe in 10 years we 'll have recovered from the whole thing and we 'll have many trade agreements either in place or soon to come into force . 
  maybe in 25 years we 'll be the biggest economy in europe . 
  however those 25 years will be expensive and unstable both economically and politically and i 'll be paying the price for it . 
  i 'm priced out of the housing market , i 'm unlikely to get much of a pension unless i save privately and now i 've got to pay my part of # 66 billion for this monumental cock up !, 
  it might not be the end of the world but it at least has me questioning why i should continue to live in this country when , at least in my field , there are plenty of opportunities abroad . 
  no other country will sign a trade deal until we 've sorted out our relationship with the eu . 
  if that 's not going to be a comprehensive trade deal then that means reverting to wto rules - the worst case scenario for our economy . 
  well i did n't vote for you . 
   ~ ~ beef ~ ~ lamb in mint sauce and yeah , it 's amazing . 
  mmm . 
  that we have bad food . 
  fried breakfasts and deep fried fish and chips are fast food . 
  do n't come here , eat fast food and then tell me british food is greasy or bad - that 's your fault . 
  go to a decent restaurant so you can taste whatever local food you ordered the way it 's supposed to be cooked . 
  you 're the sort of person that watches horror films and laughs , are n't you . 
  their bankers wo n't move though , that 's the thing - they can find another london office of a bank which will take them . 
  london has a lot of foreign workers who are highly educated and banks need those people to get ahead of the game . 
  you ca n't set up anywhere and expect the great and good of the earth to move to meet you . 
  people come to london because the banks ( and other companies ) are there . 
  the banks have to stay because the people keep coming . 
  and on it goes . 
  the ones in the north east who voted for brexit are , or were until ukip allowed some of them to blame their problems on immigrants and the eu . 
  yeah but the ad was aimed at left wing voters and it worked . 
  the working class voted for leave in droves . 
  i can understand the one about flour for poland .
