  the us has been seeking to get rid of yanukovych since he was voted in . 
  they helped fund protests in 2004 admittedly in light of likely corruption . 
  even so it is both in the us 's interests to get rid of yanukovych and in line with past behaviour . 
  the promoting and selection of opposition leaders is one indication of how the us is involved and what it wants ; namely not a russian friendly yanukovych . 
  the us has expanded nato to russia 's border in the last 20 years even in a clear and flagrant breach of promises made to russia in the 1990s . 
  nato [ `` did everything it could to give the soviets the impression that nato membership was out of the question for countries like poland , hungary or czechoslovakia '' ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html ) and yet all those countries are now part of nato as is latvia , lithuania , romania and bulgaria on russia 's border . 
  all this after promising that russia 's weakness after it rejected communism would not be exploited - it has been exploited and russians have responded by supporting putin who has a harder line on nato . 
  us meddling in ukraine since 2004 is just one part of 20 years of hostile policy towards russian interests in former soviet countries . 
  princeton prof. stephen cohen [ says exactly that in this article ] ( http://www.thenation.com/article/179119/cold-war-again-whos-responsible ) and a former ambassador to the ussr has [ said the exact same thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox9iv6agflk ) . 
  maybe russia is doomed to an endless cycle of communism and fascism . 
  were on the fascism upswing . 
  it was effectively them discussing who they wanted in power and who they did not . 
  there was no direct mention of yanukovych but the us has been trying to destabilise his regime for 10 years . 
  the candidate they mention is their favourite in the phone call just so happens to be the current prime minister of ukraine . 
  they were not trying to keep yanukovych in power . 
  they were trying to get a moderate us friendly person in a top job regardless of who was still president . 
  the whole `` fuck the eu '' debacle which got most of the headlines was all because the eu had failed to slap harsh sanctions on yanukovych as the us wanted . 
  the us has never liked him and [ there is significant evidence ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/nov/26/ukraine.usa ) that the us was behind the protests in 2004 against yanukovych 's election funding opposition groups and encouraging them to protest . 
  russia has claimed that the same happened in ukraine in 2014 . 
  while there 's no direct evidence the us is behind the instability , the us does not want yanukovych there and has been trying to push ukraine towards the eu for a long time . 
  the moment yanukovych signs a deal with russia would be the last straw for us diplomats who were frustrated with this russian friendly president . 
  that is speculation but based on past events and clear , understandable motives . 
  what is clearly true from the leaked phone call is that the us is running the opposition . 
  they say clearly in the phone call they do n't want vitali klitschko involved because he 's inexperienced , they want arseny yatseniuk , an economist and lawyer , whose clearly better for the job . 
  guess who 's prime minister now ? 
  yup , arseny yatseniuk . 
  guess who 's just pulled out of running for president and effectively ended his political career ? 
  it 's exactly how they said they wanted it in the phone call . 
  yats in power and klitch with none . 
  there are plenty of people who want a instability in europe and confrontation with russia . 
  listen to john mccain or any top hawkish republican and you 'll notice they all want obama to be stronger with russia and make it clear that military action is an option . 
  it 's like a fetish for some of these politicians and they do n't understand the consequences . 
  us ambassadors got caught admitting to destabilising ukraine to oust yanukovych in the first place . 
  that was released by the russian secret service . 
  this is probably a tit for tat thing to embarrass putin ( whose public statements contradict this ) released by the nsa or some such organisation . 
  then again we have two ambassadors who have been sent to small nations in africa having a chat . 
  the amount of power they have is presumably very little and i doubt they have any idea what putin is planning . 
  but they probably are nationalistic and militaristic given that 's the sort of person putin likes to hang around with . 
  they probably like what putin is doing and would n't mind if he did more but their ability to influence anything is probably ( and hopefully ) about nil . 
  switzerland has very liberal gun laws . 
  in fact i think most swiss have to have some sort of gun in their house by law as part of military service . 
  libya was carried out with lots of us support planes but france ran by far the largest number of strikes ( 35 % ) . 
  eu countries together spent about double the amount of money the us spent in libya . 
  the us was the single biggest actor on a nation state level but considering the eu together more action , money and time was spent in libya by europe than the us ; rightly so given it 's proximity to the eu . 
  i think were talking at cross purposes - the us does not subsidise european defence by actually defending europe . 
  each countries navy and airforce at least in western europe does that themselves . 
  eastern europe is a totally different story but this article is specifically about the richer countries cutting their budgets . 
  if you consider pumping money into nato defending europe then we mean very different things because nato 's protection is only worth anything to european citizens in the event of a war to defend europe - until then it 's entirely speculative whether the money is spent to defend europe or to engage in dick-swinging contests with russia and in the middle east which is what it 's been used for for most of the last 10 years since 9/11 . 
  nato is half the reason putin is grabbing land in europe because if he did n't , nato would - nato has reneged on most of the promises made to russia and proved willing to take nato 's nuclear umbrella to russia 's boarder . 
  if russia was about to give cuba a guarantee that should the us ever get aggressive then russia would start a nuclear war over it i 'm pretty sure congress would be keen to stop it and start developing their own buffer states near their boarder . 
  also it 's not ` the occasional plane development ' , i would guess that about 50 % of the royal airforce is us made , as is our entire nuclear deterrent and , in a few years time , every navy fighter jet on our aircraft carriers . 
  the money does n't flow into the us budget it flows into us companies who donate to congressmen 's campaigns and have the ear of us politicians . 
  us politicians care so much about their domestic defence industry that they have been illegally subsidising boeing for years and keep increasing the military budget even when military chiefs say they do n't need the money . 
  if lockheed were to stop getting the orders from the eu they would probably donate a little more to a politician would confront the eu and get them to open up . 
  what if the eu collectively agreed to focus only on europe and not support any foreign war with nato that did n't directly threaten eu borders ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the us would be pissed off . 
  if the eu got together and collectively agreed to only buy defence technology from within the eu from airbus , bae and other defence and arms manufacturers i 'm also pretty sure the us would be angry . 
  it 's perfectly plausible that the eu getting together could realise they have priorities different to the us . 
  the us probably benefits from having the eu somewhat dependent on us technology and air power . 
  well , if the eu collectively decided to reduce the size of navies because most eu nations are mostly inland so they do n't think they 'll need them , that might cause some ruffled feathers . 
  in theory eu countries could collectively start to see their priorities diverging from the us ... maybe or maybe not ; nato could be hugely strengthened , i ca n't predict the future but it 's possible . 
  i suggest each of us declare our houses sovereign states and operate through a complex web of 500 million international treaties . 
  i believe it can work so i must be true . 
  that 's not much money really . 
  the us economy is 7 times larger than the uk 's so you 'd expect the uk military to be 7 times smaller : the army is about 5/6 times smaller than the us but after cuts will get closer to 6/7 times smaller . 
  its really hard to tell with the navy because we operate different types of ship and have different focuses . 
  the us has about 7 times more submarines , only 1.5 times more frigates and after the 2 new carriers enter service in the uk the us will have 5 times as many carriers but about 20 times more aircraft on them and many more support ships . 
  the usaf is about 4 times larger than the raf in terms of aircraft but about 10 times larger in terms of personnel . 
  all in all the uk 's military is not really that disproportionately smaller except in some areas when you compare it to the size of the economy . 
  but with the cost of equipment these days that only really buys you enough to project power in certain places not everywhere . 
  you could probably pull off an invasion of another medium sized country with 82,000 troops but if you face serious casualties your strength will drain fast and there will be more casualties . 
  to quote james gandolphini in the film in the loop ` at the end of a war you need some soldiers left , really , or else it looks like you 've lost ' . 
  with 2 % of a european budget it 's questionable what you could actually do unilaterally . 
  but that 's why eu leaders are talking about aligning military policy and honestly if eu nations want to protect their budget and genuinely be able to match the us in military power they have to start sharing responsibilities , costs and priorities but that may lead to some clashes with the us and with each other . 
  that 's been tory policy since the beginning of time . 
  perhaps but it would happen slowly company by company and country by country . 
  orange is a french company so should the uk government wish to abolish roaming fees they need to persuade orange not to charge uk customers even when in french jurisdiction which seems unlikely . 
  it would mean certain companies based in the uk would be unable to collect roaming access fees from other companies but they would still be having to pay them for uk customers abroad . 
  you can abolish fees of foreigners in your country but when your own citizens travel abroad you can do nothing about what they are charged in other countries . 
  it might happen but it would happen over years and years and would mean every country in turn needing to stand up to the lobbying of multinational telecoms . 
  and it would mean each company accepting that it 's telecoms companies would be prejudiced in the short term because it 's not being done at once . 
  that means the companies have a better argument against the ban and it makes the whole project unlikely to succeed . 
  no i do n't think it could be done without the eu . 
  it 's going to fun watching the eu debate on the eu in the uk too because literally every person who travels in europe even if only once a year is effected by this . 
  students who go on erasmus and young people looking abroad for jobs can see the obvious benefit of the eu but older people established in the uk with no eye on the rest of the continent have a harder time seeing it . 
  but surely even they will have to concede this is something they will benefit from . 
  land mines are banned are they not ? 
  if the population genuinely votes one way or the other there 's not much anybody can do . 
  second lithuania !, 
  i 'm so flattered ... i think ... 
  no , i can see it . 
  i do n't think they need proof of his pro-eu credentials - he 's had them all his career . 
  if then needed proof of his political experience being an mep for a few years , a uk mp for a few more and deputy pm would probably be fine . 
  i reckon he 'd be fine without this debate . 
  in fact if he does badly and his reputation is ruined it might make him less likely to be respected we 're he to get a job in the eu , especially among uk people . 
  it 's still a risk . 
  exist ? 
  fuck you !, 
  that 's a veiled threat if ever i saw one . 
  does n't really backfire if people believe it .
