  if europe is going to take a bigger role in the middle east it needs to be able to work with middle eastern countries towards a different longer term goal than the post-cold war us policy of dictator whack-a-mole . 
  there was a [ good article in the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/mar/25/nothing-wrong-mourning-brussels-not-beirut ) about the fact that there is more saddness about a terrorist attack in europe than in the middle east partly because middle eastern countries do n't offer that sympathy to each other . 
  they do n't view each other as a connected region with collective interests - until they start caring about peace in the region as opposed to in their own cities there wo n't be any progress . 
  if the us pulling back forces middle eastern countries start viewing each other as a common community ( admittedly with many differences ) that share some basic interests the peace that will result will be genuine and longer lasting . 
  if europe can help make that happen by adopting a different policy to the us one then it might be for the best but european leaders need to take that role seriously . 
  it might help if the us was clearer about it 's priorities and were to admit , at least privately , it is no longer wanting to be involved in the middle east . 
  well , fine but it 's not pressure from a political party . 
  it 's not political pressure in this case . 
  it 's pressure from the self richmond masses on twitter who report this stuff the police when they see it . 
  i do n't really see what political purpose hate speech laws could serve if it 's defined as requiring intention to cause racial or religious hatred . 
  it basically excludes honest opinions . 
  police can always make people 's lives difficult . 
  if you want a us example then the civil forfeiture problem in some states shows how easy it can be for the police to exploit the public . 
  you do n't need hate speech laws to do it . 
  not really . 
  european countries have exactly the same attitude to press freedom and political speech . 
  the difference on this particular issue is certainly significant but it 's a tiny issue within a much wider subject . 
  edit : also i do n't know why i 'm being downvoted above for literally just stating a fact . 
  americans may disagree with the law ( as may i ) but just downvoting everyone else in the thread is really childish . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree but to give some context , the law was introduced after the bombings in london in 2005 to try and prevent the hate crimes that they expected to come afterwards . 
  no , he does n't so he 'll almost certainly wo n't be charged . 
  pretty sure the police only picked it up because it raised such a reaction on twitter in the first place . 
  if everyone had ignored it they would never have even seen it but everyone gets angry and people report him etc so they have to investigate . 
  in fact he 's tweeting away now so i presume he either already has been released or he 's been released on bail . 
  not world war two . 
  the law he 's been arrested under was introduced the year after the bombings in london as a misguided attempt to cut down on the number of hate crimes ( via the speech that led to it ) that were happening or expected to happen . 
  it 's the sort of thing which might seem like a good idea for 6 months but it turns out you made it law and now it 's quite difficult to repeal . 
   slander and libel have to be intentional so does stirring up racial and religious hated fyi . 
  you ca n't accidental stir up religious hatred . 
  judges interpreting the words of parliament . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you necessarily but your question had an answer ... 
  he 's not . 
  he 's been arrested on suspicion of religious hatred . 
  2015 was really shit . 
  `` the brussels attacks show just how important it is for us to work with other european countries to protect our cities . 
  leaving the eu would make that harder and would make your children less safe . 
  wo n't somebody think of the children ! '', 
  i do n't know but something like that . 
  i am available for top level political consultancy work if anyone 's interested - my starting salary may be paid in whisky and cigarettes if need be . 
  that is a quite staggering lack of understanding of economics and basic facts . 
  the article quite clearly states gdp will not come close to recovering until at least 2030 and the decrease in gdp will be 3-5 .5 % . 
  wages are not significantly effected by eu migrants who , on average , pay more in tax than they take out in the form of healthcare and benefits etc compared to the average brit who take out far more than they ever give back . 
   do n't let these big scary numbers influence your vote these are n't just big , scary numbers . 
  they 're big , scary numbers modelled by one of the worlds top financial services companies and produced for a not-for-profit business organisation which speaks on behalf of over 190,000 uk businesses who collectively employ a third of all private sector workers in the uk , and 80 % of whom want to stay in the eu . 
  it would be totally moronic to ignore such an organisation and this report . 
  well , [ they say that because 71 % of their members report that the eu has a positive effect on their business . 
  ] ( http://news.cbi.org.uk/reports/our-global-future/factsheets/factsheet-2-benefits-of-eu-membership-outweigh-costs/ ) but , no , i 'm sure the anti-eu crowd knows those businesses better than the owners do and it 's really just a conspiracy . 
  no trade agreement can replace the common market . 
  they are not the same thing and are much less successful at reducing the costs of trade . 
  if we maintained all eu laws after leaving then no , our economy probably would n't be effected very much at all but is n't the point of leaving to allow us to change the laws ? 
  sooner or later the rules on goods and services will be changed and trade will suffer . 
  i do n't fully disagree but most 1st generation migrants do n't become rich in relation to the rest of the country . 
  compared to their home country they are much better off so they appreciate their situation regardless . 
  their kids then grow up in 1st world schools in a 1st world culture and expect more than their parents could ever have dreamt of and become disillusioned as a result . 
  i 'm not going to argue about the degenerative elements of culture that some migrants bring with them . 
  1st generation migrants tend to suppress these elements outside the house then raise their children in a traditional way ( to preserve their culture ) which creates unhappy , poor people ( relative to the rest of the country ) with an affinity for a traditional ( sometimes violent and tribalistic ) culture . 
  so i agree in that regard but i do n't think you can a. ), 
  blame politicians who allowed migration decades ago for what 's happening now or b. ), 
  deny 1st generation migrants because you think they might raise terrorist children . 
  if public policy stepped in and eliminated the environment that makes people poor and disillusioned then it would solve the problem also without having to close borders and become an isolationist country . 
  there 's a moral element to accepting refugees and engaging with global problems - that inevitably entails some migration but you just have to be more careful about it and more insistent on cultural integration . 
  well , do n't put too much stock in media opinions . 
  the media will ensure they produce as extreme a story as they can to make people angry . 
   if not sacrifice it it may seem like that to us but remember they believe they are going to paradise . 
  the killing is just the way they get there . 
  to them they are not really sacrificing anything at all . 
  they are willing to murder innocent people in order to get themselves into heaven . 
  coward is maybe not the right word but it 's completely selfish and hugely sadistic . 
  edit : i see your argument though and i agree . 
  i remember bill maher got fired in the us for saying something similar after 9/11 though he also criticised us foreign policy at the same time . 
  provided public policy assists integration and social mobility there should n't be a problem . 
  most of the areas known for radicalisation are areas of poverty and neglect . 
  the positive effects of 1st generation immigrants who appreciate the better life they were able to obtain and work hard for it can not be denied . 
  when you have young people who are born into poverty without knowing how bad things were in their parent 's country thus not having an appreciation for their country , that 's when you get radicalisation . 
  opinions change on the action people see . 
  it was n't until after paris that people realised how many of the bombers had found refuge in belgium . 
  if anything criticism followed by such a positive response as this is a good thing . 
  really positive to see belgian police dealing with the problems in molenbeek . 
  they people need to know that there is nowhere in europe they can hide out . 
  the boston tea party was also organised by smugglers ( including john hancock , founding father extraordinaire ) who were unhappy that the tax on tea had been reduced and would cut into their illegal profits . 
  the people that did it were hired and had no interest in the politics . 
  i 've no idea why americans view it as some sort of revolutionary moment because it 's a pretty unrelated event but then again i do n't know how it 's taught in schools . 
  all 50 signatories to the european convention on human rights have free expression guaranteed by article 8 . 
  in the uk however , part of our constitution is that parliament is supreme , meaning it is the highest authority in english law and can not be overreached by international treaties . 
  therefore treaties do n't have any effect in the uk unless specifically incorporated by national legislation passed by parliament . 
  the european convention on human rights is incorporated by the human rights act 1998 so , yes , there is a right to free expression which is effective in the uk and applicable in all uk courts . 
  the apprentice has become the master . 
  welcome to the cultural superiority and subjugation club . 
  that 's the leaderboard up there on the wall - as you can see i held the title for a few centuries there off and on with france . 
  spain and portugal did well early on too . 
  america is the current title holder so you 've got something to aim at at least . 
  and i have to say , between you and me , it 's pretty bad form to do it in your own country . 
  the best technique is to take over another country and do it there . 
  me and france used to oppress people all over the world with entirely different rules at home - ah good times !, 
  america 's got this whole blatantly illegal cia black site , guantanamo thing going on . 
  to be honest most of us older folks do n't understand the whole thing but it seems to be working out for him . 
  maybe when you get round to it you can turn that small island near you into an ` immigration reception centre ' , you know , the one with the sheep that i visited once . 
  anyway , enjoy your stay - need any oppression tips do n't be afraid to ask . 
  i 've got a great one for catholics , if that 's ever an issue hit me up . 
  see you at dinner .
