  on the other hand parties are more willing to award large donors with personal rewards like peerages ( [ which is illegal if proven ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cash_for_honours ) ) . 
  it 's quite rare to hear of politicians doing things so openly for political donors and more common to hear of politicians [ giving political access for personal money or a lobbying salary not political donations because most of them do n't need it . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/cash-for-access-scandal-what-is-it-about-what-impact-will-it-have-and-who-is-involved-10064105.html ) also spending in each constituency is not determined by how much the candidate raises and is instead centralised so and an appropriate amount is provided for each candidate . 
  swing seats get more spent , safe seats will raise more as there is more party support but they will spend less there . 
  therefore donations are not made personally meaning personal favours are hard to get because the candidate is not guaranteed the money to campaign . 
  it 's also been shown that unlike in the us [ where money raised correlates very closely with the winner of each election ] ( http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/money-pretty-good-predictor-will-win-elections/ ) uk elections correspond much more closely with [ `` constituency level campaigning '' ] ( http://www.hansardsociety.org.uk/in-a-close-contest-will-money-make-a-difference/ ) and time given by volunteers which is probably how it should be . 
  all in all i think our system is quite good and corruption is quite easily found out when it happens with journalists always looking to get someone sacked for it if they can . 
  the most recent scandal was a cash for access situation where journalists from a tv channel and a newspaper posed as hong kong businessmen and asked politicians if they would take money for access to the political process . 
  as much as i dislike so much of the uk press the us press is as much part of the washington clique as the politicians themselves , you 'd never find them trying to uncover a story like that so it goes undiscussed and unpublicised . 
  as least the media in the uk will expose a politician without hesitation if they can . 
  i 'm quite confused why seems to be taking the american political establishment by surprise . 
  the clintons have always had connections with dodgy donations from foreign governments . 
  [ just in 1996 when bill allegedly tried to take large donations from the chinese government . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_united_states_campaign_finance_controversy ) ah , bill . 
  not only a philanderer , rapist and war criminal but corrupt to the core as well . 
  not surprised at all that the woman who defended him throughout it all is in on the act as well . 
  no one should trust that family . 
  not that the republicans have a better option unbelievably . 
  well , you are right , of course . 
  i tend to be of the opinion that i should never be asked to lose on something for the sake of an outside problem that can be solved by less disruptive means so i guess i 'm always going to be against modifying free movement . 
   the ability for these migrants to move around freely between countries is causing a huge backlog in calais . 
  why are you questioning free movement between european countries and not the policy that enabled them to find their way into european countries apparently uncounted and unregistered in the first place ? 
  if they had been properly processed by an eu funded system these asylum seekers would not be in calais , they 'd be in italy and greece and spain being dealt with by a budget paid for by all eu member states ( as we all benefit , this is not only italy 's problem ) and being assessed for whether they qualify as refugees and whether any obligations are owed to them under international law . 
  if not they can be deported . 
  if so then they can be taken care of and made safe somewhere within the eu . 
  the fact that they happen to be able to move from italy to france as totally beside the point . 
  i think this can be taken slightly more seriously than `` ignorant people might take it the wrong way '' . 
  he is supposed to be director of the fbi writing in a national newspaper . 
  he 's ( hopefully ) not ignorant himself so you can expect some tact i think . 
  i 'm assuming he had no idea people would take offence but i suppose we 'll see what he says . 
  this is why we should have 100 % unemployment . 
  damn foreigners , no more jobs for you !, 
  or us !, 
  i know this is way off topic but i really hate the word brexit . 
  not sure how i feel . 
  it 's a beautiful part of the country and where i grew up . 
  hopefully drilling wo n't destroy the area . 
  so the only people that dislike the eu is the middle east and ourselves . 
  i do n't think british people view christian piety as a british value ... despite all the good evidence you mention . 
  i think by any objective view you 'd assume religion was important to brits but when you survey people [ britain comes among the bottom 10 countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/importance_of_religion_by_country#methodology ) in terms of importance of religion to people . 
  it 's the way things have always been and in the 21st century it makes little sense and gives a false impression , like pretty much every tradition ever . 
  then again , do you want to be the guy who says `` lets change a traditional pillar of our constitution '' . 
  people have a very `` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' kind of attitude . 
  that 's how you end up with a monarchy in 2015 , it never gave people a reason to fix it so they did n't . 
  why do i feel the sudden urge to commit atrocities in south east asia ? 
  i wish this stand off was happening a few hundred miles from new york city rather than a few hundred miles from european capitals . 
  then the rest of the world could just leave these two to nuke the shit out of each other and eventually comeback when their populations are a fifth of the size and radioactive . 
  i hope john mccain would be willing to put americans in harms way like he appears to be happy to put europeans in harms way . 
  wow . 
  i 've seen the grainy cctv video but not the aftermath photos . 
  while everything you say is true , this part of this specific law has not yet been overruled ( afaik ) . 
  i can barely imagine what someone would need to do to be charged with treason and not the multitude of more modern and specific offences that are on the books but it could technically happen . 
  only the corrupt one 's will be left at this rate . 
  soon they 'll have to draft in petty thieves and vandals to be our mps . 
  i 've come to expect serious crime from my mps not that weak shit . 
  there 's no need to promote the stupid comments of a stupid organisation . 
  the world is full of people and organisations like that and thankfully we ignore most of them and get on with our lives because they do n't deserve the attention they crave . 
  we can chose who we give the spotlight to and it 's probably best if self-centred pricks like this do n't get it . 
  and chinese human rights would cover about the same number of people . 
  does that mean chinese human rights are equally as good ? 
  your logic makes no sense - the decency of rules should be judged by their content and their effect not by the number of people that adhere to them . 
  the potential capacity is there - wind , small scale solar ( as it gets even cheaper ) and there 's lots of possibility for wave and tidal energy generation . 
  we have some of the largest tidal ranges in the world and with projects like [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-28887542 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-south-west-wales-30283203 ) i think , even if we do n't hit the target we 've started the ball rolling and we 'll improve at an increasing rate every year . 
  as green energy becomes more common it will become much more attractive for investment and will get a lot cheaper until it undercuts fossil fuels ( which are becoming more and more expensive ) at which point the shit will hit the fan and the big energy companies will have to flip their business models or they 'll go under . 
  from that point on we 'll be at basically 100 % in a very short time - the market will squeeze fossil fuels out of existence . 
  you should have to keep them in a locked box away from the reach of children . 
  it is now !, 
  bring on the karma !, 
  yes , yes . 
  they 're all coming round to our point of view . 
  without wishing to get involved in this argument , the language he used in both cases was different . 
  when he was talking about britain and the eu he said he wanted to clarify what the us thought and that he knew this was a decision for uk voters alone . 
  and yet on this issue he call european countries complaint and free riders on american money while specifically requesting eu countries adopt a specific policy even if the voters of that country do n't believe it 's in their interests . 
  he tiptoed around the eu issue in the uk because he knew it was a delicate subject but the use of the military is a hugely controversial issue in many eu countries especially germany and i do n't think he really has the same respect for the political debate as he did in the uk . 
  the public are not eurosceptic as is shown by the polling . 
  it 's 50/50 . 
  the people who bother to vote in european elections ... now they 're eurosceptic . 
  he almost certainly never thought he was going to lose . 
  so when he did he had to at least pretend he was going to follow through with his promise to resign . 
  same in the uk . 
  you can prosecute them for being part of a terrorist organisation though , or not ? 
  yes , all that there needs to be is a central organisation that exists simply to share information and encourage cooperation . 
  leave national agencies to do what they should be doing in enforcement already rather than creating yet another organisation to do the job instead . 
  the peshmerga are the official army of iraqi kurdistan . 
  on that basis alone they are vastly different from a bunch of left wing bomb makers hidden in the mountains . 
  if you post some evidence of atrocities by the peshmerga then we can compare it to isis . 
  and yes we can pick and choose which factions we want to work with hence the reason we are coordinating airstrikes with the peshmerga and list the pkk as a terrorist organisation . 
  even if i was so stupid as to shoot myself in the foot when feeling threatened , what exactly about my flair makes you think i can vote in the republican primary ? 
  the peshmerga are not the same as the pkk . 
  did n't help . 
  i heard there was a major theft and a certain j vardy is wanted for broadcasting pornographic obscenity . 
  maybe but plenty of people are fighting with the kurds . 
  the newspaper knew what they were doing - they knew that if they explicitly said isis no-one would say yes which would n't fit their narrative . 
  did the 3 terrorist attacks in 14 months not tip them off ? 
  i think this is ultimately the us goal . 
  they will need to focus on a giant geopolitical dick measuring content with china over the next 10-15 years in the pacific and they do n't want to have to deal with the me too . 
  they also do n't want russia calling the shots there either . 
  so they want the me to be europe 's problem ; for europe to be an american agent in the region to continue the last 15 years of policy . 
  i think europe should be a counter-weight to russia in eastern europe and in the black sea ( and as such i hope criticism turns into action and more countries meeting the 2 % threshold ) but dominating the middle east is a failed policy . 
  if the us ca n't do it , europe ca n't do it .
