  europe is much more resilient than during the cold war . 
  it 's not split in half for one thing . 
  it did die but nato expansion exploiting russia 's weakness after the collapse pushed the russians to toughen up - hence we have an ex-kgb president and aggressive foreign policy . 
  if you have n't already i would suggest listening to dan carlin 's latest podcast where he makes basically the same point you do . 
  i think you 'd be interested . 
  this would be fine if it were necessary to have a unanimous decision but if it were not then it would be possible to be dragged unwillingly into a war . 
  and in many ways that 's a good thing . 
  it is surely understandable that member states want to have control over whether their troops are to be involved in a conflict that might lead to ww3 . 
  it 's not reasonable to ask nations to put the future safety of their country and armed forces on the line should the eu decide it want 's to pick a fight with russia . 
  some of the footage on the news is insane . 
  [ there 's footage of the snipers shooting the protesters ] ( http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/1364286/ukraine-sniper-kiev-independence.jpg ) , the reporter was saying most injuries were to the head and neck . 
  they are just shooting to kill with what look like high calibre rounds . 
  this is now just a systematic massacre of protesters now . 
  it may not be ideal but it 's marginally better than 2 party deadlock imo . 
  the more chaotic the less people trust old alliances and the more they feel the need to engage . 
  the upset that was the scottish inde ref has forced people in scotland question what their best interests are . 
  a majority decided unity was better but simultaneously noticed labour was doing shit all for them . 
  the snp have reaped the benefits and we finally have some real political engagement . 
  in england ukip has forced people to take sides over europe and immigration and forced people to re-evaluate as well . 
  ironically it 's weakened the eurosceptics but it 's encouraged engagement . 
  i hope turnouts are very high this year whoever they vote for . 
  most of europe is tbh . 
  look at greece and even italy . 
  financial crises tend to do that it seems . 
  it 's interesting how support for the eu in the uk tracks economic recovery . 
  the better off people feel the less likely they are to want to rebel against the status quo . 
  google translate . 
  i really want to meet the genius who decided we would invest billions in illegal spying technology to collect the personal information of our own citizens and that of our friends and not invest in a couple of foreign language courses for diplomats . 
  it 's almost like they 've forgotten how to do international relations deciding it 's easier to just spy on people than just talking to them . 
  it 's also been made illegal in the last few years specifically to allow the parents to be arrested and jailed . 
  a lot of what you 're saying is fair but it 's not as if nothing has been done at all or the parents have been defended in anyway . 
  it was not previously a problem in the uk but as it has become a problem the legislature has moved to ensure people are punished . 
  it has never been stated or even implied that fgm is ok or acceptable . 
  they simply could have provided the police with the tools to arrest people sooner . 
  that may be true in iraq but not in syria . 
  there was never a vacuum in syria which still has a dictator in charge . 
  isis originated in syria not iraq and moved into iraq only after taking northern syria . 
  the only reason they could take northern syria was because a violent but reasonably secular revolution was already underway weakening government control . 
  that revolution took its lead from those in egypt , bahrain and libya . 
  in libya 's case you could perhaps say that because the uk and france ( plus the us to lesser extent ) bombed gaddafi they are the cause but that would take a pretty spectacular leap of logic . 
  you not allowed to in the uk these days unless your in public office . 
  technically it 's only indirectly europe 's borders . 
  i would assume most operations will take place within the territorial waters of libya , turkey or other middle eastern countries . 
  well that was about as predictable as the tide coming in . 
  if you put a bottle in your backpack it 's always nearby . 
  there 's no such thing hiking under the influence ... well i suppose there is but it 's just not illegal . 
  ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/d/d3/flat,550x550,075,f.u1.jpg ), 
  this is a non-story imo . 
  the 66 % ipsos mori poll result was way out of kilter with the rest of the polling done this year . 
  the pro-eu result has never been over 56 % and all of a sudden they come out with 66 % ? 
  44 % is much more in line . 
  for example yougov conduct similar surveys - they recorded 43 % in june and 44 % in august implying support has increased recently . 
  yougov 's results have been the most consistent so i 'm more likely to believe the 40-something % figures and discount the 66 % as somehow anomalous . 
  ipsos mori tend to be optimistically pro-eu anyway whereas an organisation like survation tend to get more anti-eu results . 
  [ here 's a graph i made in excel showing the historic polling results since 2012 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8xoopoz.png ) [ . 
  ] ( http://cdn.ymaservices.com/editorial_service/media/images/000/072/898/preview/nerd%20life.png?1417532973 ) you can see the trend clearly but equally you can see just how out of line the result in june 2015 was - it 's way above the best fit line . 
  so imo it 's not clear at all that support has fallen . 
  in fact in general support has been consistently rising since 2012 . 
  perhaps uncoincidentally the crossover point where support for staying overtook support for leaving was may-june 2014 when ukip won the european elections . 
  always look at the trends not the individual results . 
  edit : the telegraph has 61 % which was based on the responses to the question : `` if there were a referendum now on whether britain should stay in or get out of the european union , how would you vote ? '', 
  in answer to the question `` should the united kingdom remain a member of the european union ? '', 
  the yes group was 66 % . 
  in [ the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union#standard_polling_on_eu_membership ) i used to do the graph it showed the 66 % so that 's what i included in the data . 
  to give another example , in the uk private eye , which is a similar magazine that exists solely to make fun of important people and reveal corruption , maintains a big legal fund to fight the inevitable libel suits . 
  it has historically been very necessary especially given how uk libel law used to be . 
  the editor is the most sued man in english history . 
   there are votes to be won by equating voting no to an endorsement of farrage . 
  true and this time the 80 % of people who do n't like him wo n't be split between multiple parties . 
  it 's a yes/no question and if no = farage then i think that will do more harm to the no campaign than good . 
  most threads talking about immigration generally are fine . 
  it 's just whenever sharia law is mentioned you get the shit show you see above . 
  i do n't it 's people from this sub . 
  probably some kind of brigade from a racist forum - it happens more to / r/europe than any other sub i know of for some reason . 
  99 % of that stuff is in th bible and torah often copied word for word into the quran . 
  what are you going to do ban all religions ? 
  why is one more evil than the other , interpretation ? 
  you deny this is a matter of interpretation , of using islam as a weapon and yet you have double standards yourself . 
  either your religion is evil because your holy books are immoral in which case all abrahamic religions are evil . 
  or islam is particularly evil because it inspires more violence due to its interpretation . 
  if you want to argue the latter you need a much stronger argument than the words on the page because that 's not limited to islam . 
   so , marie , how work been ? 
  heard you had to let some people go . 
  that must have been hard . 
  given that not every muslim does adhere literally to the teaching islam and whether an individual does is determined by a huge nexus of possibly unconnected and immeasurable factors , yes it does indeed take a psychic . 
  that 's a non-sequitur and makes no logical sense . 
  multiculturalism does n't preclude failing to criticising immigrants . 
  if people are failing to criticise immigrants it 's because they are worried about looking racist . 
  that itself is for a number of reasons : mainly a combination of the media being over-sensitive about the topic and being willing to read whatever they want into a politician 's comments in order to make him/her look bad but it 's also due to the prevalence of genuinely racist and hateful views being dressed up as concern for traditions or values or whatever bullshit they want to spew to pretend they do n't just hate people who are n't like them . 
  these racists give anyone who might be concerned about extremism among immigrants for genuine reasons a bad name because they try so hard to look reasonable that it becomes impossible for the rest of the country to tell who 's racist and who 's not so they write the entire crowd off as ` closet racists ' as our beneficent prime minister did not so long ago . 
  both the right and the left blame each other , neither is 100 % right and neither is 100 % wrong - both have contributed to extremism among british muslims not being addressed properly . 
  ironically it 's the far right , the people most upset about immigration , that prevents a consensus forming in the country to deal with immigration more seriously than just moaning about it because people do n't want to end up associating themselves with dim-witted , thugish racists like the edl or britian first . 
  if the moderate people who have genuine concerns ever want to make any progress in combating harmful cultures and ideologies even where , as with extremist islam , we can all agree we should be fighting back they absolutely have to completely disassociate with the far-right and stop saying stupid things which in any way imply the speaker believes racist stereotypes or is happy to tolerate racism , violence or intimidation . 
  unfortunately intelligence is a pretty rare commodity among most of the long line of people who have so far come to represent the concerns many people clearly have about immigration . 
  nigel farage might be one exception but he is unable to prevent his party from being infiltrated by [ neo-nazis ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/ukip-nazi-nigel-farage-proudly-4761109 ) and [ white supremacists ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/shamed-ukip-candidates-parliament-bid-6221104 ) and as such anybody moderately concerned about having to stand shoulder to shoulder with genuinely despicable people have and will continue to disown the party and possibly even the entire political position . 
  chavic, 
  well , comparatively , yes . 
  he 's been pushing for sanctions on russia since the beginning of the ukraine crisis and has been very consistently condemning russian actions while increasing the uk 's military trainers in ukraine and organising war games and nato based military training . 
  we also contributed heavily to a nato expeditionary force . 
  i think he has been fairly vocal and consistent on russia even if he has n't wished to escalate things when he did n't have to .
