  does the decision require the removal of material for a whole range of reasons including mere embarrassment or does it only require the removal of information that is provably incorrect or very old ? 
  if its the former then the court has clearly gone too far but if it 's the latter then it sounds like it would be helpful to people who are still unable to get on with their life because of lies told about them or mistakes they made decades ago . 
  with some clarification it could be a victory for privacy advocates . 
  also i do n't buy for a second that google is a passive processor of information . 
  if the last year of news has taught us anything it is that any information processed by a us tech company is explicitly made available ( sometimes , apparently , without the company 's knowledge ) to the us government and any intelligence agency in any other country that it might see fit to give it too with no genuine oversight or limitation just in case they or someone else might want to use it against you . 
  to say google 's collection of information is passive ( i.e not using the information for it 's own purposes ) is like saying a newspaper is a passive relay for news and information and it has no interest in whether or not they can collect the news information or whether they can use that information to their advantage monetarily and politically . 
  they could n't be more active in obtaining news then twisting it to fit their personal prejudices . 
  the fact is we live in a world where a large part of the online services we use like google , facebook , twitter etc do n't actually sell us anything and yet are worth billions as companies . 
  they do n't sell a product ; it 's users and their attention and the information that surrounds their lives is the product and all of that stuff is hugely useful for other companies that do want to sell us things . 
  having your personal information exploited for cash can be useful sometimes because we get useful apps and websites for free but whatever it is you ca n't call it privacy or ` the free flow of information ' because the information only flows one way . 
  it is in fact the express giving up of privacy in exchange for online products . 
  if human rights law is going to work for citizens then it needs to try and limit the negative effects of the exploitation of your private information while still allowing online products to be available and allowing citizens to bargain with facebook to give it up should they wish to . 
  it 's your responsibility to only put information online that you do n't mind being used but if it get out of control you should have some remedy . 
  if certain types of private information get online without your knowledge/permission or if untrue information is spread or if the information is very out dated and if any of this information is or has been extremely damaging to your private and family life you should be able to get it taken down . 
  we 're not talking about minor embarrassment but a substantial violation of your privacy . 
  yes but they should be encouraged to flip a coin so that if their votes will average out equally and cancel each other out . 
  it 's not a retarded comparison necessarily . 
  his numbers sound about right and he 's right population is a big difference between small countries and the us . 
  the main problem is that his reasonably accurate points are completely irrelevant to the argument he wants to make . 
  he never actually says that ` socialised medicine ' ca n't work on a bigger scale , he just states population numbers as if the conclusion is self-evident . 
  even if he had stated his hypothesis clearly , which he did n't , then he would still need to provide arguments as to why his hypothesis might be true which he did n't even get close to doing . 
  in fact he sort of did the opposite . 
  his argument , if i can imagine what it would be ( given he never actually makes one ) , is that the higher the difference in population between two countries the less likely it is that the same healthcare system will work in both countries or at the very least he 's saying that countries with very different population sizes can not have the same healthcare systems . 
  except that the difference in population between finland and the uk is about 12x compared to the difference between the uk and the us which is about 5x meaning that , in this example , where the ratio ( us : uk versus uk : finland ) is largest the heathcare systems are the most similar which seems to contradict his implied argument . 
  even if i give his non-argument the best possible chance of succeeding he contradicts himself so i 'm not persuaded . 
  they are also funded by the banks and institutions whose products they rate so yes they 're totally biased and it was one of the main failures in the financial crisis as the cdos that they rated were over-valued precisely because they had been rated too highly . 
  also they are classed as publishers . 
  their ratings are classed the same way as a newspaper article meaning they ca n't be held to account if they are wrong and they are protected under the 1st amendment free speech provisions in the us . 
  effectively if they completely fail to rate financial products correctly they can say ` oops , our bad ' and take shelter in free speech laws . 
  effectively their ratings are only opinions , opinions written by institutions in only one country funded by the people they are supposed to regulate . 
  it 's like asking your local communist party to suggest how well capitalism is working out and being surprised when their predictions turned out to be slightly left leaning except it 's slightly worse because it least the communist party is open about it 's biases and does n't pretend to be important to the functioning of the world economy . 
  cameron has said openly that he wants us to stay in the eu . 
  if he was happy to campaign on leaving the eu then he could steal a hell of a lot more votes from ukip by just adopting their policy . 
  the fact that he does n't indicates he genuinely wants us to stay in and he 's hoping to persuade the anti-europe crowd that a reformed eu does more good than bad so as to placate them . 
  is there a deadline on these because i might apply to do this . 
  it would save me making a train journey home . 
  if that conclusion is wrong to take away which i think your right in saying it is ... then what function to league tables serve ? 
  if it does n't break it down by subject then the only conclusion it would be realistically possible to draw would be , on average , across everything , which uni is best - which is pretty useless as no-one goes to study everything . 
  i know kings has the biggest medical department in europe and has four teaching hospitals . 
  lse does n't even teach medicine but you 'd much rather go there to study politics or economics than to kings . 
  and yet their ranked in the same table . 
  a philosphy teacher at my old school told me philosophy at oxford is pretty useless unless your into very particular subjects but i 'm sure at cambridge or manchester you 'd get a very different experience with lecturers who are experts in other areas . 
  i know from my experience there has been huge variation even within a course between units . 
  i study law and the jurisprudence department is excellent with a visiting professor who is one of the 2 or 3 leading legal philosophers of the twentieth century and the deputy president of the supreme court . 
  there are several other units which are run by only one person and have to limit student numbers and lecturer contact because of that . 
  if there are differences even at that level such a general ranking is admittedly kind of useless . 
  it 's pretty much a measure of reputation which , while it may be important to some , is no reflection of the sort of education you 're going to get through any one department at any university . 
  / r/polandball, 
  it talking slightly in hyperbole but poland is focusing more on military spending because of russia . 
  although potential russian aggression against poland is unlikely and would be reeeeeeaaaallly stupid this still must be the reason . 
  i guess it 's the worst case scenario that poland is planning against and hence why it 's not giving money to poor people . 
  it 's not going to help if the polish government is annexed . 
  do n't bother . 
  i think generally its not wise to try and balance out things like torture , murder and systematic racial discrimination with other more minor things as plentiful and helpful as they may have been . 
  i do n't think we would allow that sort of moral weighing up today because we accept that people have rights which ca n't be put into a utilitarian calculation like that . 
  if the government said it could elevate poverty for 1 million people but in order to do so they had to publicly torture a kenyan person to death picked at random and against their will the public would n't accept it at all and they certainly would n't be as forgiving as they are with colonial crimes when they know they are n't the generation who did it . 
  we do have things to apologise for but it would also be wrong to say that colonialism had an entirely negative effect . 
  the two do n't cancel each other out however . 
  to me this shows both that ukraine is basically 2 countries stuck together and is very divided but equally shows just how corrupt the russian referendum is - not even the most pro-russian stats here show support in the 90 % + like the referendum did . 
  would you want to live next door to florida all your life ? 
  i have a friend ( from uk ) who studied in madrid and she loved it but she speaks fluent spanish which probably played a role . 
  if you ca n't speak the language enough to communicate decently on a day to day basis then it might be a bit lonely but you 'd certainly improved fast . 
  it might be worth talking to prospective universities and seeing what they advise . 
  they will be best placed to tell you what it would be like to study there and you can then decide if you could make it work . 
  most universities have prospectus ' and you can probably contact some sort of admissions people who could give you more information . 
  we even built a giant shard of glass in the centre as a tribute to the favourite weapon of the discerning london stabber . 
  the further south you get the hotter you get and the more angry you get . 
  i think there comes a point at which you have included so many countries of such varied interests and cultures than nothing can be done because getting any agreement is so hard . 
  the un is basically the quintessential example . 
  we 're even at risk of that happening on the european continent and it 's certainly one argument against turkey joining . 
  i think the geo-politics is the most important part . 
  it 's just simply not plausible that nigeria , tibet , ukraine and the united states are going to have even a majority of the same opinions , problems , worries or potential gains because they simply are in different places surrounded by different peoples - to get them to agree even on what the problems are would be nightmare let alone an agreement on the solutions . 
  countries must care about their local area because from an economic , defence and social standpoint the failure or success of your neighbour will affect you more than any other country . 
  in a globalised world you can argue the success of failure of any state has global consequences but the concern for localised problems peters out pretty fast the further you get from the epicentre . 
  a russian invasion of ukraine worries and affects lithuania or estonia in a way that it will never and can never affect canada . 
  sometimes when drastic measures are needed to solve a problem only those who stand to lose the most will be willing to take that action and typically those people are defined by their geography . 
  if egypt was in the eu it would not be in their interests to blow their budget on military spending to defend a russian invasion of europe or to bailout eurozone countries because they just are n't militarily or economically related enough primarily because the geographic separation . 
  it 's always the refuge of people who think they know best but do n't actually have support from the general population . 
  they claim to be speaking for everyone or ` the silent majority ' . 
  if you hear people say that you can pretty much assume they are confused that they do n't have much support so they assume people just are n't saying what they are really thinking . 
  in pretty much every case they actually just do n't have any support . 
  the hostility is certainly at a negligible level - most young people do n't remember a time when it was in the news . 
  i just barely remember the good friday peace and i 'm almost 21 . 
  that is until the 6 nations starts and we play rugby against each other . 
  then we hate each other again . 
  i 'm sure . 
  i mean , the people that thought it was in the us itself must have been slightly drunk college students on their way to get cheesits from the corner shop . 
  the only war i can imagine is between russian supported militias and nato or ukrainian military which while potentially bloody would not involve nuclear weapons . 
  yeah but then it comes out and it mostly is pretty shocking . 
  fuck off - that applies to my government too . 
  he was elected president in 2004 but a court struck the result down . 
  there were protests when he was elected that were funded by us ngos aimed at bringing him down or at least create controversy over his election ( because it was totally corrupt ) and it somewhat worked . 
  he has been prime minister once in the time since 2004 and never left top level government after his election was struck down . 
  it may not be his regime until 2010 but he was at the centre of government after 2004 with enough power to rig the election . 
  he was a main part of the regime and head of it from 2010 . 
  edit : grammar, 
  if you want a little summary of why this reform was necessary and why this is an excellent piece of news ben goldacre , the founder of alltrials , the group mentioned in the articles [ wrote this piece explaining some of the issues . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jan/05/scandal-drugs-trials-withheld-doctors-tamiflu ), 
  the east were the one 's invested in yanukovych and the status quo . 
  to suggest that russia destabilised a situation they were benefiting from is nonsensical .
