  the uk 's current law can be tightened significanty under current eu regulation actually ; germany has stronger protections against benefit fraud/abuse than we do and punishes it more harshly . 
  in fact i get the feeling this might be plan b for cameron . 
  if he does n't get anything he will tighten uk law as much as the eu allows and claim it as a victory . 
  the treaties only really state that you can not discriminate in employment , remuneration or conditions of employment based on nationality with eu nationals . 
  it 's does n't give any euroepan the rights of citizens in their chosen country or the right to do what they want . 
  if the eu national is a criminal , abuses the system , does n't not find/leaves employment , has not paid taxes yet or ever then they are probably not covered by the treaties so free movement is irrelevant . 
  the treaties also allow limitations based on public policy , public health and security . 
  also it does n't apply to public sector jobs . 
  everyone should read the actual treaty section - it 's a lot more limited than people tend to think , especially when people call it free movement of people ; its not , it 's free movement of workers . 
  non-economically active people are not covered unless they are self-sufficient/supported and thus not a burden on the state . 
  some examples or exceptions to treaties : 1 . 
  [ groener v minister for education ] ( http://www.lawschoolcasebriefs.net/2012/03/groener-v-minister-for-education-case.html ) - reasonable conditions of employment 2 . 
  p. g.d antonissen ] ( http://www.refworld.org/docid/3ae6b6241c.html ) - lack of work or reasonable chance of getting work 3 . 
  [ land baden-w\u00fcrttemberg v panagiotis tsakouridis ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=celex:62009cj0145:en:html ) - criminality/public security, 
  i 'm largely indifferent , i think there would be positives and negatives compared to some sort of hypothetical confederation which takes the current eu further especially with regard to the open market but maintains the rights of member states to control domestic issues , especially on military and justice issues . 
  the one thing it should n't be is forced or pushed ahead hidden by euphemisms and a lack of respect for opponents which is the sense i get from some federalists in the ep . 
  the main reason is simply that the more the general public feels like they are n't in control the more they will oppose whatever the federalists plan however sensible . 
  if you want european integration to last and be fruitful it needs to be consensual and completely transparent . 
  they 're very committed to diversity . 
  they 'll steal your private information regardless of colour , creed , or socio-economic background . 
  it * is * an alternative to giving all your money to smugglers . 
   if it was good enough this would n't be happening in the first place . 
  this sort of thing is always going to happen where you have islamist rebels running around unhindered in your country and no government to speak of allowing criminal gangs to operate smuggling operations . 
  just because people can leave libya does n't suddenly mean libya will be fine . 
  it 's still going to be unstable and people are still going to be pushed out of the country and the status quo will never end . 
  what you 're suggesting is in fact a facilitation of the status quo . 
  leave libya as it is , leave the smugglers , leave all the factors that push people out of libya and simply find the money to look after millions of displaced people . 
  when the situation is still as bad in 5 years time and people are still coming over the mediterranean do we change tactics then ? 
  or do we once again leave the situation alone ? 
  so they 'll be ruled against by european judges instead of british ones . 
  as long as we stay in the echr european judges will be able to at least request that we follow the convention . 
  they do n't have as much power as british judges but staying party to a convention you do n't follow when it 's inconvenient is just ridiculous . 
  the human rights act is a domestic law that makes it easier for people to take the government to court under the european convention of human rights . 
  since when has there not been a legal alternative . 
  you can apply for a visa to schengen or any country outside it . 
  if you 're a refugee you may be able to contact the un or go into an embassy of the country you wish to claim asylum in . 
  we ca n't simply ship millions of people over to italy and somehow support them - not only would that put huge strain on the resources of whichever countries took them in but it would not solve the root issue which is political instability and organised crime in libya . 
  people smuggling is not ` escaping ' . 
  people get swindled out of whatever money they have left only to be left to drown in the middle of the med . 
  they would be a legitimate target for some kind of operation to attack them even if those leaving libya were not even coming to europe . 
  this is organised crime we 're talking about . 
  the human rights act just imports the echr into english law . 
  it 's does n't really add anything new . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why they want to get rid of it to be honest . 
  how about slightly tipsy 20 somethings . 
  are we allowed ? 
  [ mmm . 
  what 's to stop them being deported back to stable african countries through legitimate channels ? 
  unless they qualify as refugees under international law afaik they are illegal migrants and can be deported asap . 
  eu money can pay for the processing and deportation centres and can even pay for immigration officers to go to north africa along with charities and the un to provide support programs for people living in desperate conditions ( i.e weak prey for smugglers ) . 
  hopefully european countries can do more militarily to root out the smugglers and islamist militias with support from local government armies to help bring stability back to the area and make people less willing to make the journey in the first place . 
  all the strategies thus far proposed have been insular and single faceted . 
  they either say let them come or let the drown . 
  well why are we ` letting ' anything happen as if it 's out of our control . 
  this problem is imposed from outside so we should go after the root cause which is instability in north africa . 
  european countries are the dominant powers in the mediterranean and smugglers boats should not be able to make it 50 miles from libya before being intercepted by a european navy boat . 
  we 're running anti-drug smuggling operations all over the caribbean and anti-pirate operations elsewhere so why ca n't we run large scale similar operations off the north african coast ? 
  yes it would be expensive but this is the richest region on the face of the earth . 
  if we ca n't even afford a more active policy then the world really is doomed especially when large-scale population movements occur as they have with syria . 
  50 % did vote against it but that was in rebellion against their official line which was supporting the tories in exchange for other policies being passed like the av referendum . 
  ultimately the problem was that the lib dems made promises they could not keep unless they knew for a fact they would be in control of the education department , which it turned out they were n't . 
  that was stupid but i do n't attribute any malice or intentional backstabbing there . 
  just poorly thought out policy statements . 
  i does n't make me distrust them , just makes me wish they 'd sit down and think long term before they start saying things . 
  that was an opinium poll . 
  they only poll very rarely but for some reason , which must be down to how they analyse and weight the stats , they tend to estimate the `` leave '' support being higher . 
  they also consistently have ukip polling higher than average as do survation . 
  trouble is they were the only polling organisation to do a poll in august 2013 so it 's a very very low sample size and it 's skewed that point - the others are all averages of 2-5 polls conducted that month . 
  the trend line cancels that out somewhat but as in the early part of the graph there are more extremes because of the lower rate of polling . 
  i made a graph for my own interest when i noticed that [ the polls were becoming much more positive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union#opinion_polling ) in recent months . 
  [ here 's the graph . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/q7lvvka.png ) i 've put trend lines through them to show the direction things are moving . 
  [ and the raw data . 
  ( 2007 xlsx file download ) ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/bgv70smus9svog9/polling%20data.xlsx?dl=0 ), 
  he 's definitely in favour of having scotland stay but at the same time i think the word `` force '' is a bit strong . 
  he 'll argue against independence and try to persuade but ultimately if it 's going to happen it will happen eventually . 
  not much he can do about it . 
   do n't enter a coalition if you are going to break a promise that you literally signed a contact for . 
  so do n't enter a coalition then . 
  any party entering a coalition will break some promises - it 's impossible for both parties to get 100 % of what they wanted because so many policies clash . 
  someone has to win , normally the larger party . 
   makes them dirty liars even if i were to accept your logic , which i do n't , why is this limited to the lib dems . 
  what about the tories promising they would not re-organise the nhs before we got the health and social care act doing exactly that ? 
  what about the promise not to raise vat made just before the election , which they consequently did by 2.5 % ? 
  what about all the re-branding of the tory image with the tree as their image and [ environmental policies ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2011/oct/06/david-cameron-green-agenda-fades ) - that got chucked out the window the milisecond they got into power did n't it . 
  or the big society bullshit cameron was talking about before the election ? 
  [ here 's a helpful list if you ca n't remember . 
  ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2013/11/pre-election-pledges-tories-are-trying-wipe-internet ) by your own standards the tories should be further down your list than the lib dems , which they may well be , but let 's not be so silly to pretend that failing to stick exactly to policy promised made before an election is a uniquely lib dem characteristic . 
  in reality all that point of view does is give yet more support to the idea that the main two parties are the only two that have a chance , thereby indirectly giving the tories a free pass . 
  this election looks like it will be an opportunity to show the main two parties that they do not have guaranteed support and an opportunity to pressure them from all sides by supporting smaller parties even if that means ukip . 
  in reality though , people with your point of view ( not necessarily you in particular ) are flocking to the tories and labour from the lib dems putting us back at square 1 . 
  yes , they have been but it 's on a different level here . 
  we have very few limits on how much you can donate except obviously they have to be eligible to vote and resident in the uk etc. 
  however all donations over # 7500.00 must be declared and published publicly to the electoral commission which regulates campaign finance . 
  tv and radio political advertising is very very limited and all major political parties must send audited financial statements to the commission which the commission then also publishes on it 's website . 
  most of the regulation is on the spending side not the donation side . 
  parties can only spend # 30,000 per constituency per election which is about # 19 million nationwide per election per party not adjusted for inflation . 
  in 2010 no party hit the maximum . 
  by comparison the 2012 us election cost # 1.7 billion ( $ 2.6 bilion ) . 
  the pressure to raise money is less because spending is capped so politicians are less willing to be corrupt for donations .
