  it 's almost as if [ you ... !, 
  yeah , my mistake . 
  i 'd use dzeta as it 's supposed to be an onomatopoeia based on the / dz / sound . 
  maybe in modern greek it 's more / z / ? 
  you previously :   hellenic non-compliace  can you point me what measures have n't passed these years specifically please ? 
  so excuses / causes do n't matter , there 's no reason to expect hellenic compliance , if not purely because of the austerity then surely sure to the enormous economic data of the past two weeks . 
  it 's not in anything i have seen , and this news implies it . 
  luckily krugman is not credible on the matter : http://foreignpolicy.com/2012/09/13/paul-krugmans-baltic-problem/, 
  it 's \\ varsigma in latex . 
  maybe one day you 'll need it when you 're working over 4dim space and need 30 variables !, 
  people should really read the [ complete poll ( pdf warning ) ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/tdhcw4tpad/europeanresults_july_greece_final_w.pdf ) , it 's super interesting . 
  * in all countries ( uk , fr , deu , den , sw , fi ) the majority think athenian claims are unreasonable `` in their demands for a relaxation of the cuts and a reduction in debt repayments '' . 
  * meanwhile a majority think the creditors are reasonable `` in their demands for greece to make bigger cuts to their spending '' . 
  * every country thinks a grexit is likely . 
  * in every country , a majority wants a greek euro exit . 
  * in every country , a majority wants greece to stay in the eu . 
   these people are not taking this seriously , they are only freeriding on germany : they know that they can bitch without consequence because they think merkel will get some sort of deal in the end nonetheless . 
  the public opinion seems to be aligned with the government 's position . 
  if anything they want an outright rejection and immediate cancellation of negotiations . 
  once capital control starts it 's * incredibly * difficult to repeal them . 
  the capital outflow and resulting devastation to the economy will be terrible , not even including the complete economic standstill seen during these past two weeks . 
  it 's unreasonable to expect any greek to keep its money within the country once they 're allowed to move it around again . 
  any deal that does not include provisions and estimates of its effects is a more transparant case of postponing the inevitable and escalating drama than any of the previous deals . 
  if that 's really the case both parties would be well advised to walk away from the deal . 
  the sigma at the end of the sentence is written as \u03c2 . 
  the dzeta is a little different : \u03b6 . 
  [ here 's a better paper ] ( http://www.lse.ac.uk/europeaninstitute/research/hellenicobservatory/cms%20pdf/publications/greese/greese-no65.pdf ) . 
  ( i actually tried to find this report i had read earlier ( as in a year ago ) , but could n't . 
  the introduction will help you on your quest :  the greek government has been repeatedly accused by its creditors of exacerbating the public debt crisis because of reluctance and inability to implement upon austerity measures . 
  greeks have countered that targets were missed because of economic recession has proven deeper than anticipated . 
  note how this means the greek implicitly acknowledge their failure to implement the measures and meet targets . 
  the imf report is extremely forgiving for self-serving reasons . 
  there has been a ton of public statements from policy makers and investors alike that characterised the de facto implementation as foot dragging . 
   ok let 's break the ties from what the media is feeding you . 
  ah , socrates , how happy to see you among the living , or at the very least communicating with us . 
  please , free me of my doubt . 
  but first , how was your bath ? 
   do you really think that creditors have been dumb enough to give greece free money ? 
  or was the greek goverment that smart to trick them ? 
  that 's the way things have been working up to now . 
  yes . 
  the loans greece were given were severely below market rates . 
  economically that 's the definition of free money . 
   it was either that greece implemented a failed program , or it was indeed a successful program but greece did n't get to complete in its very last part . 
  i fail to see how the second choice would ensnare me . 
  greece , especially with syriza , only partially implemented the reforms stipulated . 
  this did n't give athens the revenue it needed and also caused a great loss of confidence in the government , resulting in soaring bond yields that were , admittedly , severely suppressed by the ecb -- i wo n't pretend it reflected market confidence . 
   either of course , there is no such dichotomy to begin with . 
  a program can be mostly effective and still come up a little short , or overshoot its target . 
  for example , nobody would 've predicted definitely-not-syriza 's `` we wo n't pay '' movement of ~ ~ civil disobedience ~ ~ tax dodging . 
  these are big institutional changes , and not every thing can be predicted until the finest details . 
  until the incompetence incorporated syriza troupe loomed over the situation , government bonds were covering the shortfalls , which were small in the order of things anyway . 
   there is no `` greeks got the program money and spent it elsewhere '' . 
  every euro the greek goverment got , was justified with reforms . 
  no , it works like an ongoing agreement . 
  the entire program was ` justified ' by the promise to implement * everything agreed upon * , the conditional later payments were just a way of structuring the program . 
  it was n't do a through f get * x * $ , it was ` if you hold steady we will too ' . 
  that means that every euro was justified on the promise of complete reform , not partial reform . 
  the agreed package was a complete package and program , not a collection of small packages that oddly enough happened to share a name . 
  justified is also a terrible word because it absolutely was n't justified , but stipulated , as reforms do n't * justify * loans in any conceivable way , rather the loans * necessitate * reforms if one hopes to ever see the debtor repay . 
   there is no `` greeks got the program money and spent it elsewhere '' . 
  well greece had already * spent * money elsewhere , hence the accretion of debt . 
  i 'm not sure how it relates to anything i 've said though . 
  there are specifically no restrictions so as to not interfere with tourist income . 
  having said that , atms are running low . 
  foreign banks do hold greek sovereign bonds , especially france and the usa , but greek banks are more exposed . 
  the result will be nationalistic / conservative right wing populism , away from the more centrist right wing e.g. 
  in the netherlands wilders will decimate the vvd based on this . 
  it will feed the already growing base of euroscepticism . 
  the damage to the european project could be far more severe than a grexit . 
  again , 18 countries should n't sacrifice themselves for the self-inflicted wounds of a cheap demagogue . 
  the result is 18 more shit demagogues . 
  thanks , that 's very interesting : within the margin of error , it 's the same number . 
  the one i quoted was post referendum , thus germany is bound to have a stronger opinion in the matter as you said . 
  also france being split says a lot about the space hollande is allowed to move here . 
  it could easily affect his reelection . 
  heh , we do our best . 
  * * * on a more serious note , having many electable parties in a representative system \\* significantly alters the viable political choices for citizens . 
  in a system ruled by two central parties , wilders would be an extreme wing of the centre right one , not dissimilar to the tea party or the neoconfederares ( e.g. 
  former representative ron paul ) . 
  being bound to a sub party wing would , i guess , significantly limit the potential growth of a political ideology unless it overtakes the party . 
  to get a high level position ( e.g. 
  whip , presidential candidate ) you would need to campaign for support of the whole party . 
  this prevents extremism but also makes it less responsive to citizens , and probably a greater feeling of distance from american politics . 
  \\* our law making chamber is nation wide and directly proportional , rather than a state level first past the post system . 
  our other chamber is similarly more for verifying , and is on an odd way proportionally based on representing regions ( us : provinces , us : state districts for house of representatives ) , again not first past the post . 
  source ? 
  i think due to apparent lack of contingency plans ( as shown by the late presenting of the plans ) , greece simply had n't worked out much for a ochi referendum . 
  that they would then need outside assistance to pen up a deal on such a short notice seems logical and inevitable , not really an indictment on the civil service . 
  the politicians , however ... 
  that 's absolutely * not * how politics work . 
  also , who are ` they ' ? 
  because we 've also had imf reports saying greece will be absolutely fine . 
  they 'll just wave at the old reports whenever a new report is invoked . 
  like how krugman is haunted by his previous claims over how austerity will wreak havoc upon the baltic states . 
  moreover , people simply wo n't care about the report and will feel wilders was vindicated in his caricature of greeks as lazy , cheating bastards stealing our money and that rutte / the vvd party were absolutely insane in pretending those thieving tax-dodgers will ever pay back . 
  they will feel lied to by rutte 's promise that greece would pay everything back . 
  it will furthermore fuel the populace 's desire to leave the euro . 
  the result will be a useless , cowardly demagogue ( wilders ) as leader of a eurozone country hellbent on leaving the euro . 
  it will really help the stability of the eurozone .
