  seems a bit odd that le pen would suddenly change it . 
  greece ca n't borrow from the market because greece maneuvered itself in a position where the markets do n't trust athens to make good on its promises . 
  going down that path was financial self-strangulation , not being refused help . 
  by your reasoning every heavily indebted member of society needs to have its debt paid off by the rest of society without quarrel , else it 's `` financial strangulation '' . 
  consider j\u00e9r\u00f4me kerviel , a french trader who defrauded his employer and the court ordered him to return the 6 billion euros . 
  so , should the rest of french society pay of his debt ? 
  he really ca n't borrow from the markets after all , and not choosing to help would constitute ... financial strangulation . 
  unlike a lot of other schemes , the dutch abuse was n't designed to court companies . 
  we 've had the best bilateral trade agreements for at least a century now , it was just part of how our country was able to operate internationally despite its size . 
  now there 's no taxes within the eu itself , companies will logically opt to use the netherlands as sluice to other markets . 
  as you said , comparing this to luxembourg and ireland the amount of revenue it generates is negligible . 
  the only tangible benefit is a few more accounting firms . 
  your argument is purely qualitative , the argument you 're against relies on size - dependent benefit and costs . 
  so the latter automatically opposes larger denominations because the negatives only grow and the positives diminish . 
  your argument however is denomination independent . 
  thus if i 'd want a 951525,31 denomination , your argument validates that . 
  you ca n't deny me my 951525,31 bill without impeding my right to pursue happiness . 
  so do you now want to make a 951525,31 bill , or not ? 
  note that for my happiness my friend john needs a 46087,43 bill , gunter needs 42720,56 , alessandro wants 26417713,11 notes , maria would like 442226344422263444222634,01 , and potato farmer janis would be over the moon with 10 ^ 9 ^ ^ 8 ^ ^ ^ 7 notes printed on potato peels . 
  some people are just built differently . 
  also , you have no idea if this guy was training from age five to stab people . 
  you 're reasoning to validate your unfounded assumptions . 
  it can be an adult , or maybe not . 
  anything else is wrong and you ( and others ) know it . 
  lukaku at 17 http://www.hursertekinoktay.com.tr/en/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/romelu-lukaku.jpg [ footage from 2009 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh7aog263tw ) . 
  among games , the fighting genre is relatively easy to spectate because the lifebars indicate how the match is progressing to a fairly accurate degree . 
  so it 's pretty easy to get sucked into it . 
  [ hakan ] ( https://youtu.be/jungnye9sl0?t=417 ) is n't a politician . 
  it 's not paying the violence away , it 's preventing future violence by minimising the impact the war has on refugees and those who have n't fled yet . 
  else you 're going to destabilise lebanon , jordan and turkey who are under enormous societal pressure due to the large influx of the syrian destitutes . 
  besides most of the recipients are victims rather than perpetrators , so the able like the usa helping them is part of fairness . 
  i do n't understand why you 're being so testy about this , the us did n't even come up short by much . 
  resorting to shite reasoning and transparant outrage is n't going to excuse you from doing your part . 
  with over fifty times the population , you have only outspent norway by a factor of ten . 
  this is especially unreasonable seeing washington , not oslo , has been stirring in the region for its benefit , and has been a factor in bruising the ingredients underlying the conflict . 
   communists would at worst and at this point they 're better . 
  ehhhh not really . 
  let 's not aim for a future where the kremlin kills its citizens by the millions . 
  more aggressive nationalists are a much greater issue . 
  according to the article the countries that exceeded their ` fair share ' for 2015 beside those mentioned in the title are : belgium , finland , ireland , luxembourg , sweden and switzerland . 
  similarly countries that are a massive influence in the conflict , but do n't do enough : france ( 45 % ) , qatar ( 18 % ) , russia ( 1 % , lol ) , saudi arabia ( 28 % ) , uae ( 63 % ) , usa ( 76 % ) . 
   why did n't they agree that he would n't be extradited to the us , conditions which would have led him to freely face the charges in sweden ? 
  probably the concept of the separation of powers . 
  since when can politicians declare the verdict of courts before a case is even brought forward ? 
  [ according to the sweden-usa extradition treaty ] ( http://www.mcnabbassociates.com/sweden%20international%20extradition%20treaty%20with%20the%20united%20states.pdf ) , sweden 's court have to decide :  provided that such surrender shall take place only upon such evidence of criminality as , according to the laws of the place where the person sought shall be found , would justify his commitment for trial if the offense had been there committed . 
  [ article ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2014/08/18/would-sweden-ever-extradite-assange-to-the-united-states/ ) . 
  why are you visiting an american website about europe in the first place ? 
  it 's relevant because they were migrants . 
  people are hypersensitive about anything regarding migrants , i expect footage of migrants jaywalking any day now headlined ` above the law : how migrants are destroying the fabric of society ' ( caps mandatory ) . 
  ( shame there does n't appear to be an english equivalent for german/dutch * rechtsstaat * . ), 
  did you see the video ? 
  how is this a big story ? 
   the police saying they could n't do anything is ridiculous and it plays into the fears the government is hiding crimes of migrants . 
  did we see the same video ? 
  what would you want the police to do ? 
  there is more forceful pushing and shoving at the subway during rush hours . 
  based on the footage it was a bit tense , but nothing more than that . 
  it 's just one guy ... another ` migrant ' is halfheartedly helping get the attacking ` migrant ' off someone 's back . 
  such a tiny kerfuffle blown out of proportion . 
  the article is desperate propaganda by taking certain screenshots to show a level of threat/aggression clearly not present in the video . 
  more specifically it was that only 40 % were quick to be recognised by frontex as syrian refugees . 
  that does not mean any of the other 60 % do n't contain syrian refugees , or that others are not refugees either ( iraq , sudan , eritrea , etc. 
  not really , look at the jews during various muslim dynasties in al-andalus and after their life post-reconquista . 
  they were either killed , forcibly converted to christianity or forced to move out ( leading for example to the creation of the ghettos you probably know ( italian flag ) -- also after converting they were generally expulsed during the spanish inquisition anyway ) . 
  the difference in how muslims and christians treated other religions during different eras could potentially be related to the difference in religious edicts . 
  the koran was progressive and permissive for its time in relation to other religions , but as very rigid it has n't followed the times . 
  meanwhile christians were allowed to be as cruel as they wanted to be since the scriptures are n't as specific , but consequently were also free to end the barbarism after new ideas spread . 
  and muslims in christian-majority countries . 
  oddly enough until the 20th century the muslims were much better to their abrahamic kindred . 
  ( jews had no power anywhere , i think . ), 
  assad before isis , barrel bombing civilian areas is the biggest cause . 
  also way before russia we have other rebel groups like al-nusra , ypg , etc. 
  because it 's an immensely difficult problem to separate migrants quickly , prevent future attempts , to deport those who deny their origin , etc. 
  always makes it looks like a cheap brand in my eyes . 
  ca n't afford proper commercials ... 
  just as an example , the netherlands pretty much * needs * to be in a eu-like union with germany to retain its economy , common currency included . 
  it wants less regulations for the areas where they 'll think they can benefit financially and more for where they fear competition . 
  they want everyone to buy their pasties but ban belgian chocolate from crossing the channel , basically . 
   for all that federalists like to talk about the uk holding back integration , there are several areas of integration where the uk is leading the pack in calling for further integration ( namely , service sector and capital markets integration , which legally has equal priority as free movement of workers ) . 
  an eu without the uk would have much less of a drive to integrate in this area . 
  that 's mostly because that 's in britain 's interest though . 
  if the uk left , some other financial centre ( frankfurt , paris ) would replace london as the portal for many global companies . 
  the host would then end up driving for this integration instead . 
   the uk is an important voice for the principle of governance by consent and the rights of self-determination . 
  the eu would lose something if it lost this voice . 
  eurocrats have a tendency to want to bypass the people of europe . 
  i do n't see how britain is unique in this regard . 
  like most for countries ' the criticism is completely hollow due to their own use of the eu to outsource the blame of unpopular policies , or any other circumstances where it benefits them . 
  there has been no real drive or interest for a proper attempt at those ideals because there is a chasm between the hypocrite tory sceptics and brussels-shall-burn kippers . 
  the result of vacillating between the two is stupidity , not compromise . 
   the uk provides a diversity of opinion about the purpose of the eu within the eu . 
  the idea that europe should be moving towards a federal state is by no means the `` natural '' view , and it 's both right and good that there should be different views expressed about what the eu should be for . 
  the uk has a tendency to advocate the `` single market first '' position , which is an important counterbalance to the french `` political union '' position . 
  i agree to some extent but none of that is happening . 
  the uk consistently positions itself where they provide little valid criticism beyond the self-serving . 
  it provides zero leadership . 
  it 'd be great if they did position themselves as the great single market alternative ( even if i 'm a federalist ) , because that 'd actually unleash a debate on the topic . 
  this criticism extends to all countries of course , who just let things float from crisis to crisis as the eu bloats itself into a federal state . 
  but you 'd imagine a big economy strongly opposed to the current direction to engage in this debate instead of the countries ( france , germany ) that are okay with the general drift and are just trying to steer it to their slightly different favoured destination . 
  finance is the most important ministry as budgetary kingmaker .
