  this means the extremists have much more limited platform ; centrist people draw the biggest crowds . 
  the issue will disappear with time as it has previously with other immigrating groups , and he will disappear with time . 
  it 's just sad that he gets to exist at all . 
  yes , praise britain . 
  seriously , after many of the many data comparisons between countries , this is one of the best to top . 
  i 'd trade human development index points for a less bigoted society any day of the week . 
  i 'm surprised nigeria is so tolerant of muslims . 
  between christians and muslims there 's a pretty even demo - and geographic split , but the muslim population is relatively radical and practices sharia law , public stoning and all . 
  you 'd expect much greater hatred from the other half of the population , even non-radical muslims are frequent targets . 
  it 's been on the news here . 
  headquarters is in amsterdam now . 
  most of their business is unrelated to ict though . 
  i 'm surprised frankfurt is n't bigger on the map , as together with the amsterdam internet exchange ( ams-ix ) their exchange ( de-cix ) are the two largest internet exchanges in the world ( internet exchanges are locations where isps connect to each other 's backbones , making it an interesting place for other high-bandwidth businesses to locate servers ) . 
  when the american army leaves afghanistan and pressure on pakistan reduces a bit , it would n't be entirely surprising if terrorist training camps sprung up again . 
  chechen separatists would surely enrol again . 
  however , the region is n't in the same situation it was in the 90 's . 
  there 's more independence . 
  there are very few ethnic russians left . 
  it 's somewhat recovered economically due to muscovite contributions (  90 % of state budget ) . 
  but that wealth can easily taken by european nations , as we 've started doing with yanukovych . 
  one of the sanctions on the table involves taking all that money . 
  it was also done to many of those dictators you mention , like gaddafi . 
  putin et al have everything to lose from this . 
  the wealth they gained through corruption is at risk . 
  they 're currently billionaires , but they might end up having to prefix zimbabwean . 
  there should a an av version where one arranges the following in order : \u0414\u0430 , maybe , no . 
  that still does not in any way imply it is her opinion though . 
  [ reuters ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/05/us-estonia-eu-ukraine-idusbrea2423o20140305 ) . 
   estonia denied on wednesday that a leaked telephone call showed that its foreign minister had blamed opponents of ukraine 's deposed president for sniper killings during last month 's unrest - as russian media have suggested . 
   the baltic state acknowledged that the audio recording of a conversation between foreign minister urmas paet and european union foreign policy chief catherine ashton was authentic , but rejected the way some have interpreted it . 
   [ ... ] in a statement , the estonian government denied paet viewed the opposition as being involved in the sniping . 
   `` foreign minister paet was giving an overview of what he had heard the previous day in kiev and expressed concern over the situation on the ground , '' it said . 
   `` we reject the claim that paet was giving an assessment of the opposition 's involvement in the violence . 
  as far as i understand their movement is restricted . 
  i could be wrong ... 
  there are some dutch journalist in crimea , in any case . 
   i 'm not aware of this threat . 
  military presence does n't equal threat , hopefully you know that . 
  for me , having your residential region taken over by men wearing the full russian military equipment save for a badge while the military of your own country is surrounded and forbidden to enter is very much a threat . 
  moreover , there 's exceedingly little communication with the rest of the country . 
  now the likely leader of this mob , putin , has stated that military presence * of your own country * is an invitation to war ...  according to the estonian minister of foreign affairs , un representatives have been blocked by the new government from gathering information . 
  according to the estonian minister of foreign affairs paet , as stated in the ` leaked ' conversation they were discussing * conspiracies * , not facts . 
  what you 're saying about a blocked investigation is paet quoting some doctor `` olga '' . 
  i 'm not sure how you can misconstruct that as `` according to the estonian minister of foreign affairs '' , you should really question the quality of media you consume or however you 've come to believe this . 
  [ listen to it ] ( http://youtu.be/zegj0oo3oa8?t=8m20s ) . 
  this is the quote  what was quite disturbing , this same * olga told * that all the evidence shows that people who were killed by snipers from both sides , among policemen and people from the streets , that they were the same snipers killing people from both sides . 
  so then she also showed me some photos , * she * said that as medical doctor , * she * can say it is the same handwriting , the same type of bullets , and it 's really disturbing that now the new coalition that they do n't want to investigate what exactly happened . 
  so there is a stronger and stronger understanding that behind snipers it was not yanukovych , it was somebody from the new coalition . 
  i 've seen some items on it , there were protests , youtube videos etc. , but i did n't think it had gone so far as to affect international politics . 
  it 's a bit hard to estimate the precise impact of these things . 
  i even was n't aware there was a link to g\u00fclen , which is a difficult subject to grapple with . 
  in any case , thanks for the info !, 
  you talked about people moving there , he pointed out there were only former ottoman citizens there when russia annexed the state ( i.e. 
  non-russians ) , and migration was very limited ( he gave the cause of this , but the result is important here ) . 
  as such historic and demographical claim to the crimean peninsula is weak . 
  [ here 's one of the few places with claims of historical demographics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea#historical_population_statistics ) . 
  crimea had a russian majority only after the second world war , which happened because the ussr exiled ( and partly killed ) minorities like the tatars . 
  turkey has been surprisingly quiet about the issue . 
  there 's a superpower nearby , that has annexed two regions in the last few years . 
  where 's the response ? 
  with the current media presence and the threat of violence by the russian military occupiers , how can there ever be a legitimate referendum ? 
  it 's been incredibly difficult to get media information from there , the un informer was just kicked out by a mob , who would only disclose they were directed , but not by whom . 
  just to be sure this is not what you 're saying , crimea and ukraine have a very long history independent of russian rule . 
  they ( crimean khanate ) were annexed in 1783 from the ottoman empire , after it had become independent following a peace deal between the warring nations . 
  in the whole of the balkans , russia used religion and nationalism to break the sultan 's grip . 
  the ottomans were tolerant for muslims of the time ( or indeed for any state , which were generally intolerant towards the non-majority religion ) , but they were still not equal to their islamic counterparts . 
  anyway , the identification of crimea and ukraine as part of russia is historically recent . 
   ukraine is in a dark place now , the new government is backed by oligarchs what oligarchs ? 
  the previous president was backed by the russians government and oligarchs , was himself an oligarch (  10 billion net worth ) , was backed by many ukrainian oligarchs too and was the putin-appointed successor in the 2004 elections , which he lost after the orange revolution . 
  the country needs to move away from russia . 
  whenever something does n't go their way gas prices increase to force through their preferred policies . 
  whenever ukraine moves westward , even at a slow pace , russia interferes . 
  there 's no point in patience with putin always looking to pounce ( the problem extends beyond him , of course ) . 
  he 's not stupid , he only offers leashes . 
  the difference in number is due to how we record it , every day is counted as a new tap . 
  a french person posting france ... 
  i admit it 's clever use of `` tricky '' . 
  you 're wrong , he 's a telegraph reporter , he 's paid for propaganda against the devil 's europe , not the netherlands specifically . 
  the reporter wrote a book about it called [ `` the secret life of bill clinton '' ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-secret-life-bill-clinton/dp/0895264080 ) . 
  also see [ this ] ( http://www.salon.com/1997/12/23/news_187/ ) . 
  you do n't think 9/11 was the first american terror attack that spawned bullshit conspiracies , did you ? 
  take a look in / r/conspiracy to see any sneeze linked to covert government agents . 
  the following is an apt description of what must be a very fine telegraph reporter :  at his best , evans-pritchard practices journalism the way creationists interpret science . 
  was the `` piltdown man '' a hoax ? 
  very well then , darwin and a century 's worth of supporting evidence stand refuted , and creationism is proved . 
  do inconsistencies exist among the hundreds of eyewitness accounts of the oklahoma city tragedy ? 
  they do . 
  were there ongoing investigations of other white supremacist , anti-government extremists in the region at the time of the bombing ? 
  absolutely . 
  to evans-pritchard , these constitute all the evidence he needs to posit a massive government conspiracy . 
  in the real world , of course , eyewitness accounts of so devastating an event are often confusing and contradictory , and wild rumors inevitable . 
  the hard work of law enforcement ( and journalism ) comes in sorting things out . 
  seamless consistency is a state achieved only by conspiracy theorists , assisted by the twisted reporting of an evans-pritchard . 
  i find it immensely difficult to take a telegraph article bemoaning europe seriously . 
  luckily , it is from a very trusted source . 
  this fine investigative journalist exposed , after all , that the oklahoma city bombings were a governmental false flag operation . 
  i absolutely do not think these views reflect americans , but i must admit to being a little shocked by the lack of public outcry that i 've encountered , which i certainly did expect to see . 
  the uncle could have better answered `` i will not respond to such asinine questions '' , but it must 've been an emotional time and high pressure moment for him ( something of which the reporters took advantage of , who asked other disgusting questions ) . 
  the most shameful ` patriotic ' thing i saw happen was when the brothers ' uncle was asked how he thought about america ( `` what do you think about the united states , do you love america ? 
  '' , [ the question ] ( http://youtu.be/yjqr2bby5i8?t=4m32s ) is repeated a few times as `` do you love america '' , `` how do you feel about america '' ) .
