  maybe ` euroscepticism ' , which is better described as euphobia , can give way to actual scepticism and a desire to improve now a major source of it is removed from parliament . 
  the disappointment can come later ( and harder ) when this does n't lead to improvements in accountability , transparency , weakening of the powers of the commission , etc. 
  there will be few opportunities for a cleansing fire of this magnitude . 
  banking regulation is the same but significantly more potent . 
  the city has a different banking culture than continental europe and now that their primary representative will lose political access this is the best opportunity we will ever have to regulate the banks . 
  obviously we ca n't suddenly alter our trade alliance with america so new york banking culture will continue to be felt , but we can change at least half the equation . 
  performance bonuses need to be spread over many years and tied to long term performances , risk , etc. 
  bailouts should have retrospective effects on wealth . 
  yeah , good point . 
  actually came back to edit the comment having come to that realisation , but you beat me by an hour . 
  i completely understand that just saying it 'll never happen again is rubbish and historically shortsighted beyond belief . 
  however that does n't necessarily make war more likely , our inability to understand and predict goes both ways . 
  you take the good with the bad , canada sounds like a net win . 
  ( assuming i 'll be able to go on holiday there cheaper , would love to hike , ski there at costs closer to austria ! ), 
  pretty much all the complications mentioned during that referendum will still hold , i 'd assume . 
  what currency will they adapt , how will the borders be handled , scotland is a net receiver in britain in finances , etc. 
  the soviet union , not russia , lost so many people because the leadership had zero concern for their own citizens and were extremely incompetent . 
  causalities is a terrible measure in this case and is definitely not comparable to other actors in the conflicts . 
  no shit . 
  we only really recently lived up to that . 
  but we can also take our cutoff point earlier and conclude at time , throughout history , the european christians were the much bigger bigots . 
  so we 'd arrive at the opposite conclusion . 
  since that is no longer the case we can either conclude that the current strife is much more broad than the region and religion itself , or we can conclude that looking only at contemporary comparisons is a nonsensical way to compare cultures throughout history . 
  ( the correct answer is both , by the way . ), 
  it 's literally holland in both english and dutch dictionaries . 
  look it up in the dikke vandale . 
  you are desperately wrong . 
  you better hup holland hup , or else the lion will be in breach of proper dressing etiquette . 
  we 'd take this deal so long as we can keep zeeland . 
  de schelde closes when we say so !, 
  he specifically said that if the government would n't implement a more right wing agenda he 'd do exactly that . 
  so it 's very much a campaign issue , even if it undermines the office he sought . 
  it would make more sense to cut short the judges ' score . 
  i mean the people vote and the people watch . 
  eh , i like the german 2 $ birdo . 
  there are quite a few turkish dutch citizens , about 350k on 17m in total . 
  there are quite a few issues with regards to their inherited turkish citizenship , which is deliberately made impossible to renounce , and their mandatory military service which is seen to undermine western ( unless you pay the blackmail price of 21k euros ) . 
  there are a lot of similarities with what happened in germany , but it seems to have been less severe . 
  some speculate ankara was trying to provoke this reaction to encourage nationalism and play the victim . 
  because of the election this week there already was a lot of tension here and before the escalation the visit seemed like it might be postponed to after the election . 
  your flight wo n't be cancelled , this is limited to a turkey conflict only . 
  hope you enjoy your stay !, 
  ankara has been trying to campaign to curry support for the upcoming referendum to transfer more power to erdogan . 
  in doing so they have ignored local governments by interfering with internal affairs , despite warnings , and have referred to the germans as nazis . 
  they reached an agreement anyway to hold a small talk at the consulate but no big meeting or protest . 
  however they called for a mass protest at the consulate , which is located in residential area . 
  the turkish foreign minister accused the dutch of holding turkish dutch citizens hostage . 
  the hague in turn withdrew support for their visit , and denied his plane landing rights . 
  after threats of sanctions , they referred to the dutch as fascists and nazi remnants . 
  they then illegally tried to move the family minister into the rotterdam consulate by car through germany and made deliberate efforts to mislead police by doing so . 
  she was stopped and after discussion the turkish government agreed to her return to germany . 
  this is by memory and i ca n't find a good timeline to verify , but should broadly cover the timeline . 
  it is also because previously a lot of government spending was paid by loans , not taxes , which inflated the gdp . 
  ( for the sort of economy it had government spending was kind of high anyway , though we 're only taking a few % of gdp . ), 
  our language is closer than danish and closest in general , so not being number one in the first place is an embarrassment . 
  tell that to nasa . 
  stealing credit actually will affect willingness to fund . 
  this is quite important , if i remember correctly the greek gdp is supposed to shrink by about 7 % this year , 5 % next year ( those orders of magnitude , anyway ; [ it was 7 % in 2011 ] ( http://www.google.nl/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_kd_zg&amp;idim=country:grc&amp;dl=en&amp;hl=en&amp;q=greece+gdp+growth ) ) . 
  dutch milk is mostly pasteurised ( not uht ) , this is what most people call `` fresh '' in this topic , it 's not actually unprocessed milk . 
   it 's not a fairy tale , the market regulates itself provided you can lose . 
  what you see now is companies having taken on risks that they incorrectly deemed safe . 
  but the damage that these failures would cost society as a whole are much bigger than the damage caused to the companies themselves . 
  letting these companies go bankrupt would have incurred a higher cost to society . 
  in economics this has a name : * [ externality ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/externality#negative ) * ( the costs are * externalised * by the companies ) . 
  in laissez-faire capitalism the free market fails to deal with offloading costs to society . 
  what is the cause is not the bailouts but the costs of the risk to society companies took . 
  without regulations and pigovian taxes ( a way to pay for exteranlities ) , these costs are always incurred by society without consent and benefit . 
  an ` efficient ' free market has a very strong incentive to abuse externalising costs . 
  an important example is pollution . 
  society 's health suffers because of this ( among other things ) , but in a completely free market no one pays for the resulting reduction in production . 
  the same with vaccinations , the health of surrounding people improves because of your resistance , but those benefits are spread thinly to society as a whole , not to you personally . 
  so society helps pay for this * positive * externality , while it should increase taxes to internalise the costs of pollution and financial risks . 
  with their risk , these companies already damaged society before they were bailed out , not afterwards , and they were not motivated to do so by possible bailouts . 
  what the bailouts claim to do is limit the costs already incurred by society , hoping to prevent further blowup . 
  of course it is disputable if this cost-benefit analyses are as claimed , but i am not arguing that these bailouts are beneficial , rather : markets fail to self-regulate with or without bailouts , because they do not account for the risk they impose on society . 
  since ` free markets ' can not , or rather would prefer not to , deal with externalised costs , self regulation is absolutely a fairy tale in any market that contains externalities , including the grim tale of financial markets ' self-regulation . 
  pigouvian taxes are difficult to implement with financial markets , so there are regulations . 
  ( and no , the coase theorem is mostly theoretical and has not been widely applied by these self-regulating markets since the required conditions are almost never met . ), 
  \\* edit : another interesting exemplary externality is the lehman brothers . 
  the nose dive the world economy took was a massive hit to the world 's society , a costly risk offloaded to us all , without consent or bailout !, 
  this negative externality ( risk of bankruptcy ) on their financial dealings was never accounted for , in fact we 're all still paying for their bets right now . 
  while we ca n't blame the entire tumble on the push , no bailout and self-regulation did not prevent it . 
  think [ hellas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hellas ) / hellenic = ellas/ellenic + [ spiritus asper ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spiritus_asper ) = \u1f11\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03c2 ( spiritus asper is a small ' - like mark that appears at the top of the first `` e '' ( generally first vowel ) , which replaces the starting `` h '' ) . 
  the spiritus asper is dropped in modern notation , leaving us with ellas ( e\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03c2 ) . 
  this probably does n't help much . 
  what do you mean : would you rather part from the uk , or would rather be part * of * the uk ? 
  people from the following parties have voted in favour : cda , pvv , vvd , sgp and cu . 
  so that 's all the right-wing , christian and conservative parties ( i would n't characterise vvd as christian ; pvv is more difficult ) . 
  i tried to google around a bit and found nothing . 
  it would be extremely weird if this was both the beginning and end of the story . 
  there will be a follow-up . 
  if this story was inaccurate you 'd expect a defence from government and even some newspapers . 
  if it was accurate you 'd expect newspapers to run the story for weeks . 
  but neither has happened , none of it makes sense . 
  the good thing is that * since * this is an article by a well-known journalist , you 'd expect a government response . 
  moreover swiss newspapers might pick up on the story now , but then again they should have done earlier . 
  if swiss law has gag orders ( redeverbot ) , there might be one regarding this case . 
  if anything i 'm surprised this is ( allegedly ) happening in switzerland . 
  [ fisk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_fisk ) is not some random contributor , he 's one of the most experienced and reputable middle east correspondents in the world : if he writes this it 's serious . 
  furthermore the article is quite open about the reliability of the evidence presented by both sides .
