  it 's already possible for companies to sue european governments in this way . 
  germany for example settled a case in [ 2010 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/vattenfall-vs-germany-nuclear-phase-out-faces-billion-euro-lawsuit-a-795466.html ) after a german court agreed with the swedish company . 
  the article also mentions a new case :  merkel 's pro-nuclear course became politically unteneble and she quickly reversed course . 
  several reactors -- including the two operated by vattenfall -- were shut down immediately with the new phase-out set for completion by 2022 . 
   in june , the company demanded `` fair compensation '' for the losses associated with shutting down the two plants , and threatened a lawsuit . 
  other operators of german nuclear reactors also announced similar intentions at the time . 
  rwe and e.on have already sued the federal government over the nuclear power tax . 
   from vattenfall 's point of view , the german government 's decision to abandon nuclear power has destroyed the value of its assets . 
  believing that the government would stick with its plan to lengthen the operating lives of older plants , the company says it invested $ 700 million in both facilities . 
  that investment , according to the company , is now worthless . 
  six other reactors were also shut down immediately in the weeks following the march 11 earthquake and tsunami in japan . 
  honestly , that sounds entirely reasonable . 
  for the british their european representatives in parliament much more closely reflect the will of the people than their house of commons equivalents . 
  ukip had 13 % of the votes , one out of 650 seats . 
  british democracy in action !, 
  how is that different from surrey being subject to british laws its representatives voted against ? 
  how is that different from scotland today under british conservative rule , despite only getting a * third * of the vote ? 
  how is ukip getting one out of 650 seats with almost 13 % of the vote ` democratic ' ? 
  because the ukip 's eu seats are vastly more representative of their election result ( 27 % vote with 33 % of seats ) . 
  if anything britain 's part in the european parliament is * more democratic * than their own system . 
  clearly , the british find little wrong with the system itself , being professional practitioners themselves . 
  it 's just when the word europe gets involved , everyone suddenly spasms about . 
  let 's not even start an argument about the house of lords , because hereditary peership is super uber democratic . 
  i 'm surprised , i thought ammo was only for sale on practicing ranges ( except for hunters ) , and that it was not allowed to leave the premises . 
  i do n't think the will of the people aligns with that . 
  why ? 
  it was a useless vote of discontent disconnected from the actual subject at hand . 
  it was a formal temper tantrums by the same populist wing fuelling the wilders , afd , etc. 
  orban , poland , dutch ukraine referendum , brexit ... 
  personally i do n't see where the accusations are based on , just because they win they dope ? 
  effectively british performances at the games have just improved with the budget , in cycling itself sky is significantly wealthier than the next best team for example . 
  despite this jealously seeks out the easier answer . 
  shameful . 
  but the trump campaign complaints are centered around mexicans , not central america migrants . 
  ( there is , uhm , an easy case to make on racism here that people conflate the two . 
  also i 'd get the hell out of el salvador too . ), 
   the number of illegal immigrants residing in the us is still 75 % of the population of the netherlands . 
  meh , most of them are overstaying their visa or working illegally . 
  is n't there a net migration from america to mexico ? 
  i remember originally thinking the south park episode was a joke only to find out the , yes , they have been leaving the us . 
  would n't russia and china have better drugs program ? 
  being competitive in weight lifting is a pretty decent indication i would guess , seems like the most applicable sport . 
  obviously gb has a top tier programme too , i imagine they invested a lot for 2012 ( probably also reflected in the tour de france , plus other cycling activities ) . 
  it 's slightly more difficult to see the ped quality of the smaller countries . 
  it 's more the power grab after the putsch . 
  western politicians probably gave up hope on turkish democracy . 
  erdogan has been pushing for a putin style dictatorship and one of the last barriers gave . 
  i see it from turkish dutch people here , on social media they are really acting as if they are under state surveillance suddenly . 
  shells are better . 
  do you have a binder of irrelevant questions ? 
  or is it a warehouse ? 
  the use of anonymous sources is not rare within journalism . 
  it seems like a weird obsession here on reddit . 
  it 's pretty simple : a rag quoting anonymous sources can generally be rubbished , whereas a proper publication should generally be trusted . 
  i 'm in south tyrol at the moment , every one here in alta badia ( and wolkenstein a few years back ) appears to speak perfect italian and german ( plus perhaps ladisch ) , but not english . 
  i 've heard more french than english even . 
  erdogan is in mongolia right now . 
  which does not imply the end state is infinite . 
  were i to stop earning and spending , and then give you half of my money every day you would never have all of it ( assuming infinitely small fractions of money -- a feature of any measurement of governmental powers ) . 
  thanks for the article . 
  while i agree with the article almost completely , and said as much after the result , there have to be reservations . 
  there now opens a better path forward but no guarantee we will take it . 
  if we keep meandering where we are now , the british exit will be severe ( admittedly we would have bigger problems ) . 
  surprised to see him not deliberate on british banking culture , since he considers it significantly more toxic than their continental counterpart . 
  you would assume he 'd worry about importing it if the institutions move over . 
  on the military . 
  to begin with , i am not sure if britain is ahead of france in that regard . 
  but as a military power the eu is irrelevant for the most part , with or without london . 
  we lean heavily on the nato , i.e. 
  the usa , for that . 
  we also saw recently that even with the two most potent military forces combined , france and britain made an absolute fool of themselves in libya , needing washington to bail them out of a campaign without resistance . 
  i guess it depends on your view if this european weakness makes the british regional strength important or if the global irrelevance of the british military makes it an asterisk at best when measured in a global scale . 
  that 's not true . 
  an ever increasing mathematical series can approach the number 6 from below without ever touching 6 ( e.g. 
  the series is 6 - 1/n as n goes to infinity ) . 
  if 0 represents no union at all and 10 a super state , we would be an `` ever closer union '' as n increases with time but also always less than a 6 on the scale -- let alone a full blown 10 . 
  he 's been mathematically out for months now . 
  he got miraculously far throughout , but his entire run basically was always a few percentage points short of making it a serious race . 
  no , the people voted . 
  he 'll be mad he wo n't be remember for his long tenure and overwhelming result last election . 
  the uk never paid for greece . 
  i 'm sure people told you but then again your cat always was the better listener . 
  well it would be better described that scottish independence would involve a lot of risk . 
  but as others have pointed out , they are in a risky situation now anyway . 
  at some point it becomes preferable to pick your own poison . 
  hope you are doing well !, 
  easy to get us on board when trance is involved . 
  i strongly , strongly disagree . 
  megathreads are pretty bad when there are multiple stories emerging as a result . 
  with separate threads we can coalesce on those stories . 
  of course we will continue to enjoy speaking murican while enjoying this authentic coca-cola \u2122 and watching dc comics [ \u2122 ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/lk8wdlseo78/maxresdefault.jpg ) movies . 
  crash course please !, 
  that 's not much different than it is today , news wo n't report the response because the people do n't care or murdoch et al want the people to not care . 
  besides , the rest of the eu will continue to outsource unpopular laws to brussels and then play victim . 
  does anyone else think estonia might be attractive for data-centric businesses ? 
  if that were the belief of the market the markets would have rebounded . 
  it can recover or worsen , it is where it is to cover that whole chance distribution of predicted future positions . 
  ( liquidity is shit right now so the actual market position is a little worse . ), 
  i 'm happy with this result . 
  the british have always been saboteurs and would always remain a roadblock to a better eu .
