  haha , do you actually believe this ? 
  planes would 've been intercepted way before they reached defensive airspace . 
  http://www.spitsnieuws.nl/buitenland/2015/01/woede-om-russische-bommenwerpers-boven-het-kanaal [ image example ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/527808503763988481 ) they only peekaboo from international airspace . 
  there 's no purpose to go beyond that after being intercepted . 
   unless you are going to compensate the dutch people for endangering the part of the country where most of them life , this policy does not actually take all negative externalities into account . 
  the netherlands uses a metric ton of coal itself . 
  it was picked up by a commercial airliner , so open channels . 
  any fault in that regard falls entirely on the russian air force . 
  to be fair / u/zoidboix might 've missed your flag . 
  it 's not as if there no people saying exactly that without irony either . 
  that 's bullshit to risk a multimillion dollar aircraft and potentially kill your own soldiers because for no reason at all you deliberately and repeatedly cut across a tiny corner of foreign airspace that juts out into syria . 
  belgium has a lot of nuclear power , ten times the amount of hydro , more solar , etc. 
  netherlands uses an insane amount of coal it seems . 
   the ideology is wahhabism ( also known as salafism ) , which is a sub sect of the sunni branch of islam . 
  so it 's subsection of a subsection of a religion . 
  this is highly misleading . 
  there are shia islamists too . 
  they control iran , who in turn sponsors shia extremists like hezbollah and houthis ( yemen ) . 
  they 're just not considered western-facing like al-qaida , isis because they are employed for iran 's geopolitical aims , which are local , or against israel . 
  muslim extremism extend beyond salafism and wahhabism ( absolutely not the same , btw ) . 
  corbyn is against more than just syria air campaigns . 
  the only thing he seems to be for on syria is a ` peaceful solution ' . 
   in moments of clamour and moments of fervour decisions are made -- go here , invade there , bomb there , do this , do that . 
  it is the easy situation . 
  the media build it up , there 's lots of military advice , there 's lots of apparently simple and easy solutions . 
  guardian :  jeremy corbyn set himself firmly against british involvement in airstrikes against islamic state ( isis ) targets in iraq and syria by calling for `` peaceful solutions '' , as he described bombing as the easy option . 
   cheered by thousands of supporters at the solidarity with refugees rally outside parliament , the man elected as labour leader only hours earlier said that wars do not end when the last bullet is fired . 
   the remarks by corbyn confirm that he will oppose any attempt by david cameron to extend british involvement in the coalition airstrikes against islamic state forces from iraq to syria . 
  more important , why the hell is he making assumptions about britain 's capabilities to put him on trial ? 
  i do n't see how that would be possible with much more severe involvement in the syrian quagmire . 
  and publicly he 's vehemently against that . 
  i 'd love to see someone press him on the issue . 
  empty political wishlists that pander to your base are great , but at least try to stick to them . 
  as in being an immediate response lacking rumination . 
  his diction is very poor for the situation and invites the newspaper/rags who are having none of him right now . 
  with a little foresight telegraph would n't have had an article . 
  well , it would 've made one but it 'd be more strenuous ( than it already is ) and less likely to get prominent placement . 
  but he 's strictly against the effort that would enable the `` only if '' . 
  he 's intending to vote against actions that could enable what he 's saying in this bit . 
  he 's arguing purely on the basis that we ignore his prior comments and stated intentions . 
  this response from corbyn is itself pure reactionary drivel to get in the news . 
  it 's complete rubbish that he argues for something which does n't work with his stated views . 
  it either necessitates british involvement for leverage , which he does n't want , or he wants other countries to do it for him , which is just plain disgusting . 
   french fries ( probably not french but belgian )  to claim staples like this are anyone 's invention is rubbish . 
  what ` determines ' who ` invented ' it , tends to be the place where it was first written down . 
  that does n't mean the recipe really originated from that place . 
  the reality is that we have no idea what the exact gps coordinates were of the person who first made fries . 
  they had a ~ 11 % of gdp deficit ( so they needed to loan about a tenth of the total size of greece 's economy each year to maintain government spending without growth -- but the economy was actually shrinking ) , and as government spending was ~ 30-35 % of gdp , a third of government spending was loaned . 
  markets considered it unsustainable , so they stopped loaning them money . 
  now greece needed to either instantaneously cut government spending by a third ( ca n't think of any country that ever resorted to such drastic measures ) or find someone that wanted to continue lending to athens , i.e. 
  troika who in turn required greece to normalise spending . 
  if markets suddenly considered american government spending unsustainable they would stop buying american government bonds ( = loans ) , so they would need to reduce spending to their income by taxes etc. 
  the assertion being that deficits by themselves will lead to growth , which has n't happened . 
  countries should cease with unproductive spending . 
  governments should also give up on prolonged deficit spending if the economy is n't recovering . 
  because people like ashcroft have the influence and media power to drive the conversation . 
  i bet he hired a pr team to come up with his revenge and this is the result . 
  lord ashcroft , for anyone wondering . 
  given reddit 's general hatred towards rich people trying to influence politics , they sure like playing into their hands . 
  this is pure political revenge by a british koch brother . 
   later when georgia is invaded by russia , the us and allies stand back and watch from the sidelines ... disgusting . 
  that 's not really true . 
  the response was late etc. 
  but the russian incursion ended after a symbolic american military plane landed . 
   yes and you keep going further and further and you get to a point where it 's just insane . 
  65 year old for pension and average life for men is 68 here . 
  3 years of retirement . 
  ( i know it 's not exactly how that works , but it 's still insane ) it 's 83 years in switzerland , if you 're 65 you 're likely to have quite a time ahead of you . 
  in the netherlands we now have life-expectancy-linked retirement age after the difficulty of raising the retirement age to 67 . 
   damage caused by american and russian meddling ... 
  the damage done in syria is much easier to relate to british , french and cold war ( west vs soviet union ) actions then american or russian influence . 
  ( we ca n't put the blame of the cold war only on those two countries ) . 
  besides to a great extent the causes are within the country itself , and are neither trivial nor obvious to solve , both in the past and present . 
  of course , syrian citizens by and large also carry little blame . 
  it 's really not all that different here . 
  people only seem to care about national politics . 
  municipal and european elections suffer from massive disinterests save for some sectionalists enclaves . 
  probably related to the return of refugees to turkey , maybe a favour to make him appear a bit stronger in the current election together with the visas . 
  istanbul has zero chance of joining the eu . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's not even in russian ... 
  we 're not just champions , we 're * eternal champions * . 
  the event was discontinued afterward in favour of a new format ( world baseball classic ) , so our title is permanent . 
  the only other european champions was with the inaugural tournament , won by host country great britain in 1939 . 
  so europe won the two most important versions . 
  not sure if intentional ... 
  that 's probably the most neutral they could 've been without being invaded . 
  the effects wo n't really be that big but the fear is more people 's imagination than actual effects . 
  it 's the same with general crime . 
  statistically it has decreased significantly but not in the people 's eyes . 
  at the end of the day that 's all the matters for the media and the mad . 
  i do n't see how this differs from other banks ' behaviour . 
  in general banks behave as amorally as their countries allow them to , with england and the usa as most permissive . 
  russia only had very mild sanctions pertaining to the country 's leadership and technology export . 
  and that 's for invading a nation . 
  north korea and formerly iran are ' heavily ' sanctioned , both of which are related to nuclear weapons . 
  a better example would be cuba but that 's only the usa ( and that 's past now too ) . 
  except just like saudi arabia , assad 's regime supported religious extremists and terrorists ( most notably hezbollah , hamas ) . 
  and to a much greater extent too . 
  can someone explain to me why assad -- and iran too -- seems to get a pass on this ?
