  i 'm sure more was said but that is n't quite as interesting to ft readership . 
   you cant deal with riots or taharrush on new years eve . 
   you cant even stop gangs of men grooming young girls . 
  well that 's a reasonable standard , policy only works if crime is completely eradicated . 
  thank god there is no such thing in america where a hardline policy is implemented !, 
   which is why i will be posting this comments section every time we find out the police were ineffectual when the next disaster happens . 
   also , you 're not comprehending something . 
  citing america 's higher crime rate as a failure of its policies while ignoring the matter of diversity is still ignoring a variable . 
  well , you 're not comprehending something . 
  i 'm implying * studies * show that the american approach does not work as well as the lax european approach . 
   the crime rate could easily be worse if they adopted europe 's . 
  nope . 
  [ example source ] ( http://econpapers.repec.org/paper/eiewpaper/1413.htm ) ( might need paid access/vpn , as i used ) . 
    this paper has shown that , when trying to reduce recidivism , something works : following the recommendation of the council of europe ( 2006 ) , that is offering prison conditions which do not infringe human dignity and which offer meaningful occupational activities and treatment programmes to inmates , thus preparing them for their reintegration into society , seems effective in curtailing recidivism . 
  conversely , traditional prison conditions seem to be criminogenic . 
  this is good news for those countries ( italy being a notable example ) whose laws , often neglected , mandate prison conditions in line with the council of europe recommendation : by doing the `` right thing '' they would also reap the economic and social benefits of a fall in recidivism . 
  it should provide instead cause for thought to those countries that primarily rely on the deterrence provided by harsh prison conditions , as their policy might backfire due to increased recidivism . 
    [ ... ] we find evidence that even for inmates who are not involved in outside work being exposed to prison conditions that emphasize responsibility and guarantee freedom of movement , conditions respectful of human dignity , productive use of time , are effective in reducing recidivism . 
  policies to that effect seem easier to implement , and are almost surely cost effective but note that even without such studies this reasoning would not hold , because in that case we 'd * only * have a pure statistical basis for comparing different policies . 
  however on that basis we 'd * still * conclude the liberal policy has lower recidivism . 
  this would not constitute irrefutable evidence , however it would still suggest preferring this system . 
  note that i 'm generalising countries with liberal policies , such as norway , to all of europe which is definitely not true . 
   you refuse to understand the dimensions where diversity increases crime ( loss of social trust , more crime prone groups ) so i see no reason to really humor you further you , like the author , fail to provide proof that switching policy would decrease crime . 
  again , we have a policy that works across different populations and a policy that does n't work across different populations . 
  the former populations change by becoming more diverse , which you could suggest differs from the populations mentioned in response to rehabilitation . 
  what is your logic in preferring a policy that thus far has explicitly been shown to not work to one that has been proven to work at least in some context ? 
  when we went to space , we tested if newtonian mechanics and other earth physics worked in space . 
  they did n't go to space and test if phlogiston theory explained space chemistry or search for the aether . 
  my second paragraph . 
  also even if you 'd think we have n't established the european method will work in a multicultural society , it takes an inexplicable leap of logic to then see that as validation of the method we have already established as * not * working . 
  hell i argued previously that the american implementation shows that it does n't work in a multicultural context specifically . 
  so now we 're trying to determine a working implementation for a diverse society , and the models we consider are : 1 . 
  a model that has proven to work in the society where from the new society will grow from , but it has n't been established as working in the new society . 
  a model that has proven to fail in any society thus far , including a closely related multicultural society ( america ) . 
   germany 's soft approach to crime is motivated by liberal values . 
  and , uh , science and statistics that show this is the preferred approach ... how about we * do n't * exchange our approach supported by a body of literature for a reactionary populist alternative the literature shows in general * does n't * work , because of some rather vague suggestions those previous conclusions no longer apply in this situation . 
  this train of thought , including for example ` deterrence ' , is precisely the basis of the populist policy the author acknowledges as ineffective . 
  the whole thing regurgitates the tried reasoning supposed to support the original hardline approach but now attaches the word multiculturalism . 
  oh now it suddenly is true , fair point . 
  so let 's look at multicultural society in america and bask in the glorious success . 
  it sure is working well for the african american subculture , so we should apply it to our growing european muslim subculture ... tl ; dr : if we want to protect western and liberal values so much , let 's do so upholding our scientific approach all this stuff is based on and supposed to protect . 
  baby and bathwater etc. 
  honestly you are n't so much guilty of not seeing hannibal as not seeing [ a chinese cocksucker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rgu2xwssfs ) tend to his farm in deadwood . 
  nobody invented fries . 
  we might have a first mention somewhere , but that does n't mean it was invented there . 
  claiming a dish as important for your heritage is reasonable , but the claim of invention before very thorough documentation practices were established in cuisine is laughable . 
  every claim is contentious . 
  first of all , a * bijstandsuitkering * does not necessitate unemployment . 
  also your source is about people * without * dutch citizenship . 
  citizens with dual dutch-syrian or dutch-afghan citizinship or even syrians/afghan migrants with only dutch citizenship are considered dutch here , not syrian or afghan . 
  if you look at the numbers below combined with the percentages you see this is only a fraction of total refugees and therefore a rather difficult source to draw ( supported ) conclusions from . 
   of course it makes sense : the european banks were in the red , and the greek bailout was a golden opportunity to correct that . 
  lol , there was a big haircut 50 % a year after the bailout on privatively held greek loans . 
  they made a big loss on the greek bonds . 
   they get some money to prevent needing to get extra loans . 
  they could n't loan on the markets anymore . 
  the deficit was over 10 % of gdp , it peaked at 15.6 % . 
  greece has been shouting about the terrible consequences their slow decrease in government spending had , imagine being forced to halve government spending * overnight * . 
  you 're forgetting the risks the greek government and economy had . 
  that cost would 've been billed by society would athens have defaulted . 
  the internalising of debt by governments is worrisome but on this occasion the risk and profit were also entirely for greece 's benefit . 
  they spent borrowed money , which was too much for their economy , so they benefited from that . 
  meanwhile the risks thanks to the bailout were shipped not to the greece but the the troika parties , which covered the bad loans . 
   he said that the main reason for the biggest loan in human history is deutsche bank - and greece bailouts was a cover up for deutsche bank . 
  as i said , that 's completely wrong . 
  greek banks had * more * government bonds than german and french banks combined . 
  what you said directly ignores this . 
  without foreign intervention athens would 've been defaulted on loans they 've mostly made to domestic parties , especially banks and pension funds . 
  in that situation the banks would 've collapsed while the government had no funds to intervene . 
  so one bank falls without ability to contain and the whole systems comes crashing down . 
  \\* edit : hell , a significant part of the bailout went to the greek banks because they were on the verge of collapse . 
  it actually would 've been much cheaper for the other countries to only acquire the debt of their own national companies , because then greek would needed to have find the funds for greek domestic banks and other domestic parties . 
  the reason this was impossible was greek finances , which could n't cover the bill they were already running . 
  i forgot if it was a third or half of government budget , but that part was paid for by loans that the markets decided against providing ( government spending was iirc ~ 35 % of gdp , deficit 16 % gdp at its peak so tax was only ~ 20 % of gdp , so almost half of spending was borrowed money no one would have provided -- except the troika ) . 
  such a completely dishonest argument . 
  they got the loans and restructured the debt . 
  now athens barely has to pay any interest on the loans ( =  de facto money transfer to athens ) and over longer terms ( =  de facto money transfer to athens ) . 
  if it were not a money transfer the market themselves would 've taken on the loans . 
  it was absolutely necessary and beneficial for greece that others took over the greek bonds . 
  let 's also not forget that the vast majority of greek government debt at the time was domestic , i.e. 
  held by greek individuals and banks . 
  would athens have defaulted , the banks would 've collapsed while they were already massively short on cash to sustain their budget . 
  hence no bailout and a complete implosion of the banking system . 
  and you thought greece was bad now ? 
  also greece was running a massive deficit at the time when no bank would loan them money ( over 10 % of gdp was necessary to fix the government deficit , that 's fucking insane ) . 
  for someone that thinks a few decimals of a percentages of gdp spending so negatively affected the greek economy he sure enjoys magically not having a problem with athens cutting 10 % gdp spending in a much smaller period . 
  he 's * so * full of shit , if athens only needed `` 6 % '' from the bailouts -- after all that 's all they got , why all the bullshit drama and the insistence on athens ' part it was necessary ? 
  in lieu of jerusalem , palestine . 
   and dont get me started how most countries in middle east who got overthrown by most democratic government of all , were secular countries , where women had more rights than anything that came after as result of the said coups :p yes , * please * tell me about iran . 
  tell me , how did mossadegh get in power ? 
  what were the political motivations of those who murdered pm razmara , and were they allies with your democratically elected mossadegh ? 
  tell me how bloody * secular * fadayan-e islam was . 
  tell me about moscow 's continued occupation of north iran in 1946 , its training and support for separatists during . 
  tell me about tudeh and moscow . 
  contextualise the cia/kgb meddling in the cold war too . 
  it 's not as if you were swallowed by some shallow circlejerk and have no actual knowledge on the subject . 
  do we have a decent view of how the french banks and fn negotiated etc. ? 
  i would n't exclude the possibility that le pen had the russian offer in hand and went round the parisian banks in an effort to legitimise her moscow contract . 
  i 'm really struggling to believe banks would refuse loans for political reasons , the institutions are for the most part amoral at best . 
  they wilfully engage in stuff like money laundering , libor fixing , lobbying , etc.
