  that 's an unreasonable assumption , instead we saw a great increase later in the year thanks to merkel 's declaration , the land route opening up , etc. 
  unless matters change significantly \\* , i 'd expect 2016 to continue to be far ahead until august , september , etc. , from whereon it is comparable/of the same order . 
  \\* e.g. 
  assad stops barrel bombing civilian areas , terrorist scares in jordan/turkey/lebanon cause mass panic so refugees relocate , orban controls brussels , rough seas , mediterranean gojira , sudan war , big african famine , more effective agreements with north-african states , etc. 
  thanks for the insight . 
  til . 
  i always thought it was to honour the brits and their miracle of dunkirk . 
  you probably responded to the wrong comment . 
  building a fence is n't going to prevent it entirely though , look at the mexican border . 
  and the sea . 
   presumably , that would only ramp up support more . 
  only temporarily like with fortuyn . 
  wilders ' rule over the party is absolute , it 's a bit of a cult of personality -- in fact he 's the only party member . 
  if he disappears , the thing will just collapse onto itself . 
  like the american right , wilders is ultra-conservative and into dog-whistling . 
  lol , is that why he called for the less moroccans chant ? 
  he 's not anti-islam , he 's anti-immigrants . 
  even beyond that , he 's a populist and demagogue . 
  a few years ago he shut up about muslims because it was n't as popular as the eu , and when people started seeing moroccans rather than ` muslims ' as an issue , he switched rhetoric . 
   european powers dependent on russian oil are n't going to cease doing business with them , there can be continued business * with * consequences . 
  i 've argued even before mh17 for a eu institution with the exclusive rights to buy russian gas , forcing companies and government to buy moscow 's oil from that institution . 
  by doing so , we have a price-setting monopsony and also end the geopolitical price discrimination practices , helping eastern-europe . 
  generally these sort of practices would constitute an abuse of market power , but russia has consistently leveraged their partial monopoly for geopolitical ends and has proven to be a destabilising aggressor state . 
  hence it would be justified . 
  obviously we would need to insure our other foreign energy markets that they wo n't be subjected too , we need to be fair to norway et al. 
  not that berlin would agree to it . 
  then how the hell is islam incompatible with the values they protected while we were burning everything non religious ? 
  it 's a little hard to come to terms with those ideas while people like alhazen and averroes are considered amongst the greatest contributors to modern science , the renaissance and ` western ' civilisation in general . 
  you can also just hope for the end of disproportionate foreign participation in the housing market , no need for the the collapsing bit . 
  thank god europe never turned from ` western values ' then and never relied on muslim scholars to retain the classical body of works that sparked the renaissance and by extent the creation of ` western values ' . 
  germany and france ? 
  lol , mosquitos are insane . 
  travel there or read nooit meer slapen . 
  i 'm taping it right now , it 's on the first channel ( public network ) . 
  given the time of day and the social contract that stipulates new year 's visits regardless of desire -- which i imagine results in a lot of tv to avoid conversation , there 's bound to be quite a few watching . 
  even as a mere facilitatory party , russia is still pretty important for now . 
  i do wonder if they have invested to stay relevant in the future . 
  a century ago turkey was a caliphate headed by a bloody sultan , now it 's a democracy being slowly broken down by erdogan . 
  again , massive , massive changes . 
   true , but because our culture can develop through philosophy , politics , science ... their 's is stuck since it started , their culture is the revelation and is immutable and nobody can oppose it . 
  that 's why turkey ( that area of the globe before the country ) it has been the same , because their culture can advance whereas our 's can change and solve the problems we had . 
  what the fuck ? 
  where does this bullshit come ? 
  turkey has had very strong political swings this past century alone , starting a swing from extremely conservative/regressive policies ( e.g. 
  armenian genocide of christian armenians ) to very progressive , pro-western secularism ( ataturk ) in quick succession . 
  this has to be one of the most historically-ignorant posts i 've seen on this sub , by jove !, 
  just in case anyone 's wondering , there is no zingh empire or emperor tirus afrik , despite his terrific achievement of dictating letter choices in a alphabet he fictionally predated by millenia . 
  copy of my comment from / r/worldnews : [ the dutch article only says the commission european union/foreign affairs has requested the dutch minister of foreign affairs to answer three questions . 
  this was not voted on by parties in parliament . 
  it 's an inquiry , there 's nothing here . 
  there 's no call to freeze funding . 
  ] ( http://www.tweedekamer.nl/downloads/document?id=5dbdc1ef-2dc7-45db-b6d8-e145285427fd&amp;title=besluitenlijst%20e-mailprocedure%2023%20december%202015.pdf ) ( warning : pdf , website is acting odd . ), 
  there is no `` call on eu to freeze funds for turkey '' , it was not `` supported by six other parties in the dutch parliament '' since it 's an inquiry of a commission , not a motion in the house . 
  `` the motion argued that the eu funds turkey has received on the condition of making rule of law reforms have , instead , been used to finance military operations in the southeast '' is substantially different from the language used in the request . 
  * `` dutch deputies called on their government to launch an initiative at the eu level to freeze the eu funds that turkey has been entitled to . 
  '' * is a complete fabrication . 
  `` the deputies also expressed their hope for a restart of the settlement process , which was an effective , three-year cease-fire that ended in july when the pkk executed two police officers . '', 
  not mentioned in the letter or cited . 
  complete bullshit article . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a joke , but obviously even if the targets were legitimate there 's bound to be collateral damage . 
  it 's a little bit beyond private sector though . 
  a lot of the power rests with the doctors rather than the health insurance companies . 
  the conclusion of dutch health care is that the doctors are the great at self-regulation . 
  also the government is still the insurer for [ long term illnesses ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/algemene_wet_bijzondere_ziektekosten ) , only smaller issues are covered by your private insurance ( basispakket zorgverzerking ) . 
   in my opinion the turks down the plane due to cluster bombing the refugee camp just off the border . 
  that 10sec clip into the airspace while doing the attack pattern is ridiculous reason . 
  the plane was not shot down for a violation , it was shot down for a * policy * of airspace violations . 
  that happened in 2012 , you 're not very up to date . 
  you 're missing that those greek airspace violations are mostly over water and russia was actually bombing things during those wrong . 
  even if the ankara and athens flexing is stupid , there 's relatively little real danger . 
  but the key economic factors that made it uncompetitive in the first place maintain during and even after the ban expires . 
  economically this is still going to inflict damage and cause inflation . 
   if it escalates economically you wo n't have gas from russia . 
  most people in turkey wo n't like it . 
  you will have to buy it from another vendor . 
  prices will raise , you wo n't like it . 
  congratulations in coercing the eu to shut down the russian economy . 
  moscow has very little leeway with gas because pretty much all of it is bought by a single political union that can get monopsonistic if you become too aggressive . 
  then the kremlin has even less economic leverage than it already has , so beijing will say ' 50 % of market price ... 
  i do n't know , we 're thinking about 30 % ourselves ... ' . 
  and when there 's no foam to skim off the black gold anymore , corruption will rip apart the country venezuela style . 
  i do n't think russia could afford a war with turkey , even without nato involved . 
  everything bigger than small incursions like east-ukraine , georgia , etc. 
  are pyrrhic victories at best . 
  only china and the usa can really afford bigger things . 
  great political pun . 
   turkey ranked 154th in the 2014 press freedom index , behind even russia . 
  that 's more because ankara is still in the process of shutting down opposing press , whereas moscow finished quite some time ago . 
  remember , press freedom is self-reported and flawed . 
  good point . 
  it 'll obviously go next to the one we already have . 
  i understand your point but do n't completely yield . 
  american policy can just as well be understood as an empty country privilege as opposed to a general necessity . 
  probably only far future goals that can be ignored by current government . 
  if only we would just build a second nuclear reactor ... 
   sure , invasion of airspace should not be tolerated , but you do n't fire as soon as you get no response from radio . 
  at least 2m audio becomes `` as soon as you get no response '' . 
  revisionism in action . 
  they 're just talking louder and faster in the end , not really shouting . 
  the audio is clipping .
