  great diction !, 
  he 'll probably call it fraternacide instead . 
  oh man , i was so happy to get my invitation in the mail today . 
  i thought for a second you guys did n't want me to come . 
  it was in ch\u00e2teau la trinit\u00e9 sardonique , right ? 
  i 'm bringing extra chairs , some finger foods . 
  i 'm glad it 's not in a schloss , i never seem to able to get in . 
  i think syriza fears a yes and is turning to increasingly hostile terms to divide the country . 
  they want out of the euro , but they need to sure that this will be mandated by ` hoi polloi ' , not themselves because the responsibility has consequences , and blamed on the faceless european institutions so they can continue to attribute all their failures to the evil brussel empire . 
  so no responsibility , and free distraction for the populace . 
  dijsselbloem is not the eu finance minister , a job that does not exist , he 's the head of the eurogroup , the collection of all eurozone finance ministers . 
  this is mostly a ceremonial job and offers relatively little power -- unless he has the backing of a majority subgroup , in which case his position is useful . 
  varoufakis does n't appear to be from a very prestigious institution either , these are all lightweights . 
  alexander stubb is a better example ( london school of economics ) . 
  i do n't think it 's a very important point to focus on , however . 
  varoufakis ' more overt shortcomings wo n't be solved by a better alma mater . 
  yes , but betting against the ecb is ... more like betting against the casino owner . 
  he 's used a lot of nationalistic/demagogic statements since the start of the december elections . 
  based on that i 'd describe him as a ` patriotic socialists ' , so you should really expect him to say stuff like that ( in an effort to avoid a term that applies better ` patriotic ' is used , but the preferred term has overtly negative annotations that are not appropriate to draw from ) . 
  i checked the psi-20 ( portugal/lisbon stock ) , it does n't appear to b more vulnerable than other ez markets . 
  the ecb is very differently run nowadays . 
  i generally think there will be some fears but no real risk . 
  unless other things start playing ( e.g. 
  deepening economic troubles in china , us ) . 
  sorry my answer was n't really complete , but apparently in relation to the actual results , the polls do show such slant . 
  we 've seen in britain recently that widely trusted polls are n't without fault either . 
  i 've read that generally greeks do n't trust polls , and always look which party the paper that publishes it is close to . 
  iirc the first poll was from syriza 's paper . 
  submitting the ft article would 've been better , zero hedge is terrible . 
   then in demanding excessive repayments to the point of the debtor 's collapse . 
  i strongly disagree with this . 
  i have debt payments in % of gdp [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/db_indicators/gen_gov_data/documents/2014/spring2014_country_en.pdf ) ( table 5b , row 14 ) . 
  all the previous years listed ( 1991 , 1995 , 2000 , 2000-12 ) have have higher % gdp interest payments , some nearly 150 % higher ( 1996 , 11.3 % of gdp ) . 
  2014 is the third lowest in terms of % gdp . 
  greece 's payments are , and will be continue to be , significantly lower , both in terms of % gdp and doubly so in absolute value , than it paid * before the bailout * ( 2006-2010 average was 5.0 % of gdp ) . 
  there literally is no ` demanding excessive repayments ' . 
  greece 's payment on loans is only 1-1 .5 % of gdp higher than the eurozone average . 
  ireland , italy and portugal are paying significantly more in % of gdp too . 
  for 2014 it was only .4 % gdp more than the usa . 
  in fact , given the amount of debt , the payments due are if anything extremely lenient . 
  that this amount would cause such extensive trouble shows how poorly athens runs and has run the show . 
  or maybe we just should n't trust an unsourced picture of text on the internet ? 
  literally anyone with a computer could fake this . 
   he does n't behave like a politician , he is not the one to be most likely to make compromises eh , [ here he is complaining about what he calls ` phantom bonds ' ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/05/11/how-the-greek-banks-secured-an-additional-hidden-e41-billion-bailout-from-european-taxpayers/ ) . 
  much to everyone 's surprise , [ it still continued under his watch ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/22/business/dealbook/ecb-tightens-flow-of-money-to-greek-banks.html?_r=0 ) . 
  the banking system does n't really have another choice as it needed access to the ecb 's ela and nobody in their right mind would offer the greek banks collateral , but just like a perfect opposition politician would he freely doles out criticism without solutions . 
  i think the only part the ez will consider is imf 's own debt cuts , and even that may be unpopular since they pay into the fund . 
  actually , nobody has proven the assumptions and logic required for this sort of proof ( the paeno 's axioms ) are self-consistent , i.e. 
  contain no statements that can both be proven -- within the system -- to be true and untrue ( a contradiction ) . 
  or more accurately , you can not prove the self-consistency of this system without using axioms and methods outside of the paeno system . 
  see g\u00f6del 's incompleteness theorems . 
  of course , you can add the axiom that ` the peano system is self-consistent ' , but that 's [ putting the cart before the horse ] ( http://www.perytons.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/munchausen.png ) . 
  on the flipside proving it from outside of the axioms and logic within the paeno system is [ a bit of a copout too ] ( http://www.financialsense.com/sites/default/files/users/u716/images/2013/apparat-fmt.jpg ) . 
  ( i 'll assume you , / u/c0ldsn4p , know this but not everyone does . ), 
  boundaries do n't have to be quite so exact , it 's obvious theoretical physicists edge towards mathematics . 
  their work is not rigorous enough to be considered ` mathematical ' , but in a way it 's kind of ` experimental mathematics ' ; a lot of * proper * new mathematics is actually pursued based on the mathematically questionable work of these theoretical physicists -- who in turn advance and research based on mathematical contributions . 
  the ` boundaries ' are mathematical physics and physical mathematics ( not the same thing ) . 
  generally every science * should * have a subfield that performs non-experimental research on the mathematical foundations and philosophical underpinnings of the whole field , and another , though not necessary distinct , subfield that researches mathematical terra incognita of their field . 
  experimental physicists find , unlike most other fields i assume , that mathematics has not described the space in which they expect to find solutions ( e.g. 
  bringing together normal relativity and qft was , and partially still is , mathematical terra incognita ) . 
   the greek banks were barely solvent , serving mostly as sluices going from the ecb to greek citizens . 
   that 's just tendentious . 
  that 's the savings of those people , money they worked for , not `` money sluiced from the ecb '' . 
  until sunday , the ecb was the sole party working to guarantee the people 's hard earned money -- despite the fact it should be tsipras ' obligation as the people 's representative to secure his citizens savings and future ( the greek national bank is pretty powerless at this point ) . 
  nonetheless he has chosen to drive of a cliff , threatening to take down the lenders and the greek populace with him into the abyss less he is given more free money . 
  the ecb can not , and * should not * , continue to hemorrhage terrible loans to save the hoi polloi in spite of its representatives . 
  the ela is a temporary emergency loan , not a permanent wealth transfer . 
  the unipolar nature of the greek banks make them nothing more than fronts for the ecb ela funds , prompting the sluices qualification . 
   you must have a bad conscience if you need to blame others so hard . 
  freud ca n't have been buried deeply enough or was cremated for to sort a while , for his misconceptions to manage to surface in your ego . 
  for some reason i misread the table my apologies . 
  but greece was susceptible to the former because debt and deficit were higher than they should 've been and were previously reported to have been . 
  if things were truthfully disclosed beforehand athens would have needed i respond much sooner , at a time when their debt and deficit were significantly lower . 
  it might still have needed others to rescue itself , but as the deal would 've been smaller , the austerity requirements would have been less aggressive , and athens would have had more room to set its own course in reducing debt and deficit . 
  as a result it would have been more difficult to try to pin all its vices on the lenders , making the political situation less polarised and more productive . 
  but greece was susceptible to the former because debt and deficit were higher than they should 've been and were previously reported to have been . 
  it 's theirs so long the bank is solvent or within the eu mandated 20k guarantee on case of bankruptcy ( which is to be supplied by the nation the bank resides in ) . 
  the greek banks were barely solvent , serving mostly as sluices going from the ecb to greek citizens . 
  tsipras ' decision to hold a post default referendum eroded what little trust was left , prompting a bank run . 
  again , athens cornered the banks . 
  the ecb should n't continue to pay their bills . 
  now the banks are practically insolvent , hence the athens mandated back control . 
  the only thing standing in people 's way to access the bank is tsipras . 
  but this does n't account for the fact that countries have wildly different income and wealth inequalities . 
  the usa has the highest ratio but that is probably due to the massive income equality present . 
  you probably should look at relative taxation ( so % taxed of money made per decile ) . 
  lol , that 's not very relevant . 
  if you have fantasy demands , of course they 'll be dropped . 
  an example from your first article :  it has dropped the demand for the cancellation of all or part of the government debt ugh . 
   it has agreed to carry through most of the privatizations imposed under the agreement reached with the previous conservative new democracy government athens will continue to uphold agreements made previous to the current government . 
   it has agreed to increased taxation in various areas need to pay government spending and debt somehow . 
   it is willing to introduce `` labor reforms '' it * needs * to introduce labour reforms , with or without the troika . 
  also , it has n't already , so still dragging feet . 
   it has postponed the implementation of a higher minimum wage and the re-employment of thousands of sacked staff it has abandoned its plan to do something athens could n't realistically pay for . 
  these were all rather obviously vacuous promises for the electorate . 
  they 're not making great compromises for demanding the world and settling for only the northern hemisphere . 
  to me , this reeks almost decadent greed . 
  meanwhile :  the troika has agreed that the original targets for a budget surplus ( before interest payments on debt ) could be reduced from 3 -- 4 percent of gdp a year up to 2020 to 1 percent this year , rising to 2 percent next year , etc. 
  major concession from the people who are due money , since again this is effectively giving greece free money . 
   but this is no real concession because government tax revenues have collapsed during the negotiation period .
