  yes . 
  even this response is from the past , seconds or minutes ago , depends on when you read it . 
  because he 's running so damn much , he 's probably eating a lot more . 
  maybe when he got older he ran less but with the same diet . 
  the ability to stop time without the ability to start time . 
  edit : the opposite may be more useless . 
  you 're a straight guy fucking other guys ? 
  how many atheists feel outside reddit , probably with the exception of some european countries . 
  crappy job with the dress , a bunch of holes in it . 
  because a group of people ca n't function without someone to make them follow rules and stuff . 
  sweden - politicians do not talk about their religion . 
  is n't it the same for any technology mentioned ? 
  there 's always precursors . 
  after that all the militaries would invest heavily in developing shield-piercing bullets . 
  `` i got drinking-buddy-zoned ! '', 
  oh , right . 
  forgot about them . 
  or reverse his/her gravity . 
  and when you learn swahili , it turns out the cat hates you and is just very mean . 
  or , you know : `` your parents are dead . '', 
  or worse , ut turns off randomly . 
  `` one million dollars ! '', 
  that amount in pennies drops on your head . 
  ruler of the world . 
  or , just time travel . 
  which would be quite useless , considering the rotation of the planet , around its axis and around the sun . 
  and the movement of the galaxy and expansion of the universe . 
  next wish : i wish i have only 100 wishes instead . 
  why ? 
  begun the clone wars has . 
  just make sure your hat stays on . 
  lex luthor . 
  i 'd just be a rich , bald guy with avarage intellect . 
  and i 'd be okay with superman flying around , doing his thing . 
  `` damnit , where are my keys ?!, 
  or both , to make it confusing . 
   obligatory hitler comment, 
  number 37, 
  beware of her ex . 
  `` cop : the victim is lois lane , she 's a reporter for the daily planet , 29 and single . 
  looks lke she was killed with a shotgun , but get this , there 's an exit wound the size of a fist in the small of her back , and no entry wound . 
  figure that out , quincy . 
  csi : there appear to be traces of semen in the wound . 
  and in fact , on the opposite wall . 
  cop : when we fiind this sick bastard , i want two minutes alone with him in the box . '', 
  and she is quite agile and does n't age . 
  but she 's crazy , evil and can probably fuck you up mentally and physically . 
  that 's quite a foursome , mr drake . 
  a ** killer ** clown , actually . 
  her other ex is an eco-terrorist . 
  just lying there , doing nothing , being passive . 
  unfortunately , i just copied this joke . 
  it was a comment on a 5 second film , do n't remember which one . 
  american psycho . 
  ( patrick ) batman gone serial killer . 
  back to the future . 
  bruce wayne travels back in time . 
  he happens to prevent his parents ' murder , so he never becomes batman . 
  all the good he 's done for gotham as batman becomes undone . 
  he now has to get his parents killed in front of his younger self to motivate him to become batman . 
  but what happened after that ? 
  he did n't change his past permanently . 
  his parents did die . 
  yeah , batman 's got a bad case of [ m\u00fcnchausen by proxy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%bcnchausen_syndrome_by_proxy ) . 
  possibly the same with ozymandias and the comedian . 
  dr. manhattan might just forget to feed his kid ( s ) , or just not bother to . 
  nite owl might do okay . 
  you 're right , things might be better . 
  and , maybe batman just fucks gotham up , with the whole escalation thing that 's been mentioned in batman begins and dealt with a bit more in batman tas . 
  in another timeline in the dc universe , called flashpoint , bruce dies instead of his parents . 
  his dad becomes batman and his mom becomes the joker . 
  i 'd love to see batman becoming crazier and crazier in that scenario . 
  flashpoint . 
  a lot 's happening with people 's perception of mental illnesses , and it 's quite a new research area . 
  i do n't get that annoyed . 
  when i see a game i simply choose to remove it from my news feed . 
  if someone posts a lot of annoying stuff , i remove them from my newsfeed and i do n't have to give a shit about their crap anymore . 
  it 's late at night , i 'm tired and i want to go straight to bed . 
  but , fuck , no . 
  i need to brush my teeth first and after that i 'm awake as hell . 
  they do n't need to know you 've removed them from your news feed . 
  i did n't say i removed them as friends . 
  almost everything mentioned in this thread . 
  maybe i 'm bad at being a human being . 
  oh , cool , william bell . 
  was he in star trek too ? 
  [ and here 's how that comment would sound like from that dream-dwarf in twin peaks . 
  ] ( https://soundcloud.com/themahatma/reddit-gold ), 
  discipline and punish - the birth of the prison . 
  on 2 march 1757 damiens the regicide was condemned to make the * amende honorable * before the main door of the church of paris ' , where he was to be ` taken and conveyed in a cart , wearing nothing but a shirt , holding a torch of burning wax weighing two pounds ' ; then , ` in the said cart , to the place de gr\u00e9ve , where , on a scaffold that will be erected there , the flesh will be torn from his breasts , arms , thighs and calves with red-shot pincers , his right hand , holding the knife with which he committed the said parricide , burnt with sulphur , and , on those places where the flesh will be torn away , poured molten lead , boiling oil , burning resin , wax and sulphur melted together and then his body drawn and quartered by four horses and his limbs and body consumed by fire , reduced to ashes and his ashes thrown to the winds ' ( * pi\u00e9ces-originales * ... , 372-4 ) . 
  the whole book is n't like that , but it is an interesting book . 
  paper , which words is usually written on . 
  rock , throwing rocks , brute force . 
  the written word beats brute force . 
  the ones where terrible pain is inflicted . 
  no , god did make adam and steve . 
  that whole ` eve ' thing is just a translation error . 
  on earth . 
  other fucking people . 
  - the gross exaggeration of the danger of drugs .
