  yes , no , fuck . 
  another one bites the dust , obviously . 
  first contact . 
  but odds are that would n't turn out very well for humanity . 
  edit : oh , *** common *** things . 
  never mind ... 
  nothing but jawas and ewoks . 
  unless it 's star wars episode vii : the jawa-ewok wars . 
  gory as fuck . 
  or green lanterns and green arrows masks . 
  the male heroes have ridiculous muscles sometimes . 
  going back in time by flying around the earth and reversing its spin . 
  superman comes from a planet with a different sun and different gravity , yet looks human . 
  or all other alien races in fiction that looks remotely human . 
  and with a young protog\u00e9 . 
  `` is n't that the plot from ` the lone gunmen ' ? 
  you 're crazy . '', 
  what are you doing ? 
  stop, 
  `` what the ... where am i ? 
  oh my god , i 'm in a dog 's body , i 'm a dog !, 
  hmm , whose dog ? '', 
  -- come here , boy !, 
  come here , colby !, 
  `` no , no no , nooooooooo ! '', 
  semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation, 
  what happened in torchwood : miracle day . 
  people can no longer die . 
  they can be hurt like fuck in every way imaginable , but they wo n't die . 
  i like that it may be a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  finally , after all these years , i can reveal the truth . 
  the uuuugghhhh ... 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwiih_j6x60 ), 
  i think i 've seen some instances , mostly in marvel i think , where there 's comic books of the marvel heroes . 
  most political systems . 
  society is a prison . 
  dr walter bishop . 
  all the cool science he would do . 
  but there 's a risk he might destroy the universe or something . 
  cool story , bro . 
  not sure , maybe because i didnt link to the original site , which i dont think i did . 
  i just did a quick search . 
  sorry to the genius and creator of this comic . 
  yeah . 
  meth , not even once ? 
  fuck no , meth 50 fucking times if it did this . 
  killing bruce would be a surprise . 
  aliens !, 
  ( not followed by ` invading ' ), 
  because they do n't consider that you might be schizofrenic and do n't agree with what you write . 
  do you have a plastic wrapped room ? 
  either someone that 's just generally useless , like loser man . 
  he 's just a loser at everything , ca n't do anything right . 
  except for card tricks and being pretty good at math . 
  math isnt completely useless , so he even fails at being a complete loser . 
  or just some villain . 
  that would n't be a very good hero . 
  maybe magneto or hitler . 
  i guess the question would be : how are you still around ? 
  there are a few obvious answers , and im gon na pick one of those : james earl jones . 
  what scientific views we have at this era are they laughing at ( and why ) ? 
  when the cosmic background radiation was discovered . 
  the same thing that inevitably happens to all past , present and future species : extinction . 
  before that , we will kill ourselves in some way . 
  if not , maybe we will spread out in the universe and humanity will evolve in different ways and places . 
  it felt similar to when you rise too fast after sitting/lying down a while until i just blacked out . 
  when i woke up a few seconds later i felt very tired . 
  a computer . 
  i 'd still have access to so much stuff . 
  correlation , maybe , but not causation . 
  yeah , there are dying religions , not sure if religion is dying . 
  that will probably take a very long time , if ever . 
  too bad , regarding how far we 've come in science . 
  atheism requiring foresight ? 
  what ? 
  and why does being religious mean having a belief in the apocalypse ? 
  there are lots of strange people , some of them go in to acting . 
  he might 've had a small role in it , or they 'd mentioned the joker in the movie . 
  a spider and a shark . 
  shark 's size , spider 's legs and most of the stuff from both of them . 
  was it ever mentioned or shown on the show ( till now ) after the pilot ? 
  from the show smallville :, 
  lex luthor had been kidnapped , and his father lionel believes oliver queen had something to do with it . 
  lionel goes to confront oliver , and threatens him : `` if you touch him ... '', 
  the swedish subtitle : '' if you curl a hair on his head ... '' ( om du kr\u00f6ker ett h\u00e5r p\u00e5 hans huvud ... '' ) . 
  it 's an expression that means to commit violence on someone , so the translation would make sense if they had n't talked about lex luthor . 
  the sixth harry potter book , of course . 
  i waited for the swedish translation of the book , and that meme was fucking everywhere , someone even mentioned the spoiler on the jay leno show . 
  i actually think it 's funny . 
  but it also tragic and fucking stupid . 
  maybe the problem is the opposite . 
  there are so many stupid people giving fucks about the wrong things . 
  people need to chillax more . 
  disgusting , weird things and alternate universes . 
  space probably . 
  it would probably take longer for us to die out if we 're spread out on different planets . 
  and then our species might go in several different directions . 
  maybe check out the alternate universe . 
  preferable after season 4 and not in the us where all those fucked up things seems to happen to people . 
  dave chapelle and fred phelps .
