  faster when i get in to a group . 
  are n't they showing up a bit too often . 
  they 're quite outdated , looking and sounding like a typical 1950s sci-fi robot . 
  would n't it have been enough with them appearing once or twice , as a nod to the old doc who ? 
  or maybe their old school look is part of the dw charm ? 
  perhaps you think they 're a too big a part of doc to not still be his main nemesis ? 
  and what about the fact that he supposedly defeated them , along with the timey whimey lords , in the time war , but they 're still here ? 
  or can that be interesting as it adds to the shittiness doc already feels about time bubbling his people ? 
  i did not grow up with doctor who , nor did i watch doctors 1-8 . 
  i 'm one of those whose first doctor is the 2005 ear doctor . 
  to me , the daleks seem outdated , and their continued appearances annoys me . 
  what do old doctor who fans think ? 
  and the new ones ? 
  ( old is pre 05 , to me ), 
  i first noticed it a couple weeks ago , when i tried running battle.net for diablo 3 . 
  i had n't played for a month , and needed an update . 
  the launcher loads about halfway , stops and then shuts down after a while . 
  it had run smoothly not long ago , but not now . 
  i am running it as administrator . 
  i 've tried making exceptions for it in the windows firewall and avast , which i 'm using . 
  i also tried to disable avast and the firewall . 
  i removed battle.net and its games and tried again . 
  same thing . 
  some forum post suggested there may be some programs needing update . 
  i tried that , including adobe flash ( or was it reader ? 
  dont remember , but probably flash ) . 
  i downloaded to update , but that would n't connect either . 
  steam , firefox , utorrent and other games and programs work fine . 
  just now i downloaded tor and installed it , but that would n't connect me either . 
  i 've run virus scans and malware scans , but they come up empty . 
  i 'm on a pc , windows 8.1 . 
  i 'm trying to get the achievements of getting 1000 kills with all my companions and discovered that i just need to have them active while doing ops or fps , and every kill in there will count . 
  however , that only works sometimes . 
  sometimes i have an active companion while doing an fp/op and the kills does n't count . 
  why is that ? 
  what do you think that means ? 
  also , lana is anal backwards . 
  i 'm a sage healer , both in pvp and pvp . 
  many of you use the utility point that makes the force armor heal you , and the one that blinds enemies . 
  i try to not shield other sages because of this , unless i notice that they do n't shield themselves . 
  but , it happens . 
  especially in pvp . 
  my question , sages ( and sorcerers ) : how annoying is it when another sage shields you ? 
  how much do you mind ? 
  i have a few questions regarding the purchase of my first tablet . 
  first one , as you saw in the title . 
  how much difference does the size do , between ( around ) 8,4 ' and ( around ) 10,1 ? 
  mostly concerning reading e-books . 
  is it worth paying the extra bucks for 10 instead of 8 ? 
  second : os . 
  android or windows ? 
  how 's the syncing with my windows pc ? 
  most windows tablets i 've been looking at comes with a keyboard , which i do n't really care about . 
  does that add to the price ? 
  will i pay more for a windows tablet with a keyboard ? 
  other opinions about os issues are welcome, 
  i 'm looking to use e-books and maybe comics , do some surfing , maybe movies or tv-shows once in a while , playing games ( nothing hardcore ) . 
  nothing ? 
  still same new52 universe ? 
  is that weird ? 
  it was pretty easy to hear that doc mitchell was voiced by [ michael hogan ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0389581/?ref_=tt_cl_t14 ) , and when i turned on the radio and listened to mr new vegas , i thought that sounded like michael hogan , too . 
  * must be the same guy , then * . 
  on my second playthtough , doc mitchell died , along with most of goodsprings . 
  but still , he played on . 
  strange . 
  a bit later i checked f : nv on imdb and saw who voiced them , and thought : * what ? 
  apparantly mr new vegas was that wayne newton guy , who im not really familiar with . 
  i 'm looking to buy a new phone , and the op3 looks just right . 
  but if i want to buy it now , the site estimates it to arrive at october 28th . 
  ( today 's september 21st , for possible future readers ) . 
  that 's quite long . 
  do n't really want to wait that long . 
  i 've looked at other threads about delivery , including the ones in sweden , where i live . 
  they seem to be much faster . 
  are the estimates usually right ? 
  and is this long delivery time normal ? 
  edit : i see now that it says * estimated availability : ships within 5 weeks * a bit further down on the info page before i 've even put it in the cart . 
  too bad . 
  i 'll buy something else instead . 
  [ removed ], 
  i bought the game after the free weekend . 
  holy shit , what a fun game . 
  anyway ... 
  - i 'd like to ask the more experienced players about hero versatility . 
  how good are you ( and should i be ) with all the 23 heroes ? 
  my favorite is mercy , who i 've played as the most . 
  but , i should really try to know the other hero 's pretty well too , right ? 
  or should i focus more time on honing my skills on my main ? 
  right now im trying to get about 2 hours play time with all the hero 's i dont play as . 
  - experienced competetive players , how many different hero 's do you play in comp ? 
  do you just stick to your main , and maybe one or two others , and get to know other classes through quick play and maybe the arcade , or are you quite allround , changing it up a lot ? 
  do n't know if this is the right place for this . 
  i posted a question on the official overwatch forum first , but it got removed . 
  i ca n't display the friends list on my battle.net app . 
  if i click on it , the icon for the friends window pops up in the task bar , but i cant see the actual window . 
  i 've tried relogging , reinstalling and deleting the cache . 
  did n't work . 
  hi , i got a bit of lag while playing now . 
  it goes to 200 + ms , sometimes even as far as 500 . 
  i didnt have any other programs running which could cause the lag .
