  the same also goes for laughing at candid pictures of funny looking people on the street . 
  many patch fixes to our brains . 
  `` too bad you did n't have any interesting there . '', 
  yes , this day will be remembered in many different ways . 
  reddit 's gotten so big now that the description would be the same as for the general population : has the heart in the right place sometimes , but often pretty stupid . 
  you mean how they call it the fappening , and together acknowledge how much they 're all just masturbating to these photos through memes , comments and such ? 
  the final countdown . 
  stargate sg -1 , window of opportunity . 
  groundhog day episode . 
  teal ' c and o'neill are stuck in the same day . 
  they have to figure out how to get out of the loop , until it 's pointed out to them that they could be doing things without consequenses . 
  they just have fun with it . 
  making out with carter , golfing through the stargate and stuff . 
  * airplanes are interesting toys , but of no military value * / [ ferdinand foch ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferdinand_foch ) 1911 . 
  that 's a bit sucky . 
  is it not worth being a creature handler , then ? 
  ( i 'm also a new player ), 
  how come things that happen to stupid people keep happening to me ? 
  life on mars . 
  a question about gamergate/quinnspiracy to someone who 's been following it for a while : what was the evidence that she slept with those people , more than that her ex said so ? 
  i 've followed it a little bit , seen some discussions and a video or two about it , but did n't see the evidence . 
  even a stargate episode . 
  or two . 
  denny crane and william bell . 
  but you 're not the doctor , so you have no idea how to use it . 
  now you 're stuck in the middle ages with a useless blue box . 
  no , they 're at 140 % . 
  dc heroes are generally stronger , overpowered even , than marvel heroes , so i 'm gon na say the justice league will win . 
  that too . 
  hungry . 
  `` sir , you are the alien . '', 
  `` what ... ? '', 
  all of isis would absolutely freaked out , incapable of doing anything . 
  probably sterling most of all . 
  mel brooks movies in sweden :, 
  spaceballs - springtime for space, 
  young frankenstein - springtime for frankenstein, 
  and so on . 
  i thought we all agreed on that it 's streetlamp lemoose . 
  [ introt till * denver - the last dinosaur * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry4rpkymbnk ) . 
  `` denver , the last dinosaur, 
  he 's my friend and a whole lot more '', 
  shut up , lex . 
  i 'm playing the swg emu now . 
  it 's pretty fun , but a bit unfinished . 
  are you the guy from that warlizard forum ? 
  sorry for lying . 
  not a prequel , just a tiny bit relevant . 
  he killed hitler when he lost the war and the allies probably wanted him in court/kill him themselves . 
  he managed to kill hitler the one time they did n't want him killed . 
  that 's sg-1 . 
  you do n't have to feel bad for him for that . 
  [ alfred does n't let him live like that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dstza3xiedo ), 
  so , nothing i can do about it , then ? 
  that 's too bad . 
  thanks for answering . 
  creatue a gui interface using visual basic to track the ip, 
  reference to what ? 
  please , can someone create a gui interface using visual basic to track the ip ? 
  llright . 
  tk th vwls . 
  'll wrt th cnsnnts . 
  i think the deadpool clips were from a batman vs deadpool fan film . 
  deathstroke came from the tv show * arrow * . 
  with a tiny bit of stargate added in to it . 
  i was shielding other sages all the time , and it took a long time before another sage pointed out why this was wrong . 
  i had n't looked much at the dps talent tree and did n't even know about the blinding flash . 
  and now , i will also refrain from shielding them even if they have n't done that yet . 
  well , i 'll use it to get alternate gear for a character so that i can try out dpsing on my healer sage . 
  same on other toons . 
  i play on the european red eclipse and i 've been having it , too . 
  not just me , but party members in flashpoints and such , aswell . 
  lately , it seems every marvel event had made people think it will merge 1610/616 ,, 
  not just monroe and rosalee . 
  the whole gang just went on a killing spree . 
  is pvp 660 equal to pve 660 ? 
  ilvl boost ? 
  druid dps and tanking . 
  in the beginning , anything other than restoration sucked , and that still wasnt quite as good as priest healing . 
  it used to be better ? 
  the normal level 100 dungeons fucking suck . 
  just try to get good enough gear to do heroic dungeons , it 'll get better then , and easier . 
  i 've been there , too . 
  kept wiping in those dungeons , thinking im fucking terrible . 
  yeah , i 've seen that been said before . 
  but , what healers arent viable in a very hardcore min/max enviroment ? 
  is grommash half tauren ? 
  blackfathom depths during beta . 
  we 're all noobs , most people at level 10 , probably nobody at thelevel you needed to be to survive the mobs . 
  a whole bunch of us tried to raid the place . 
  we also tried to raid orgrimmar , but we could n't find it . 
  so basically nazi germany , but with the evil mastermind part, 
  there 's a joke a bit later than season 1 , that there 's a school so hip and technological it got its own website . 
  that trick did n't actually work in the movie he was in . 
  i 've gotten the coalfist gronnling mission ( 92 % and failed ) , and a 1-100 heirloom trinket . 
  [ and as a younger catherine langford in ' 1969 ' . 
  and i 'm even more late , so i appreciate it . 
  i do n't know how it is in the comics ' universe , but in smallville , bizarro got energy from kryptonite and got hurt from the sun . 
  christopher heyerdahl .
