  the whole video was pretty slow , awkward and had a very staged feeling to it . 
  like those shity reality shows on tv . 
  could n't watch the whole episode ... 
  who tells you that i do n't do it for a living my whole life ?!, 
  i grew up with my father teaching me the basics , then chose a career in metal working . 
  and from the ground up , the first things you learn is basic safety precautions how to use tools efficient and the right way . 
  these precautions may seem silly at first , but combined with efficient use you save money and time !, 
  it 's crazy to even have to debate those things and anyone copying direstas work ethics is risking their lives and others in doing so . 
  calling what diresta does skill is a little far fetched , because skill [ a craft , trade , or job requiring manual dexterity or special training in which a person has competence and experience ] must be learned per definition . 
  diresta just get 's his thing done , which he does a good job of , i even like his designs and the stuff he makes , but the way he get 's there lacks any sort of skill and it would look better an he would get there quicker and all of that without risking injuries . 
  and i want to emphasis again that i really like his designs and do n't mind his ego and that sort of stuff others talk about . 
  it 's just that i would like to see more of it in the future and maybe a better product with less flaws ( see the misaligned cut on this piece ) . 
  well these must be the leaked panama papers !, 
  hi  lately i was thinking a lot about exchanging for the first time and i think my craving for american goods , ~ ~ especially beef jerky , ~ ~ will finally push me over the edge and i guess texas is the best place for that . 
  i live in bavaria , germany and if you want to we can set up an exchange with whatever you like from around here . 
  edit1 : ( i 'm going to sleep now , gon na be back in about 6 hours ), 
  edit2 : oh no , i just read that sending beef jerky is a nogo ... 
  i 'll still go for some peanut butter infused snacks though !, 
  there is an [ ama with a customs guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/snackexchange/comments/gwk38/iama_real_life_customs_officer_a_simple_set_of/ ) where he states that meat , even jerky , is an absolute nogo for international shipping, 
  yeah , i live near munich and it 's such a great place to be !, 
  especially during oktoberfest , 
  i 'd love some jerky but in an ama with a customs guy ( found in the sidebar ) he states that meat , including jerky , is an absolute nogo and can get you in trouble . 
  but i would be interested in some other rustic snacks , could you give me some examples ? 
  yeah it really sucks witt the meat , but it 's kinda understandable . 
  beef jerky is really hard to come by in germany and if you get your hands on some it 's really really expensive . 
  also i 'd like to compare some american brands with those local to germany . 
  i guess i never heard of hispanic snacks and i do n't really know what to expect , i 'd appreciate some it if you could give some examples . 
  sorry for my uneducated snack mind , 
  yeah of course , if you do n't get caught there is no problem , it 's just that shipping customs is a little bit more strict about that i guess and my packages get opened every time i order something from the states ... 
  shipping within europe it pretty much does n't matter though . 
  for what i can gather via google all animal products are illegal to import by a private person . 
  i do n't want to risk my whole package with a single pack of jerky . 
  well , i guess i found the girl of my dreams !, 
  you 're kinda perfect . 
  could you post a pic of your back ? 
  i 'd like to see your tattoo properly , 
  ah dang , if you 're anything like me that will take some time ... 
  i 'm trying to get my back done for some time now and i need one more sitting but now summer is coming ... 
  wow that 's a lot of sittings for a back but color takes a lot more time than b/w i guess . 
  how long are those sessions ? 
  oh okay , then that 's understandable . 
  anyways i 'm really looking forward to seeing it when it 's done !, 
  it is working with safari on iphone ... 
  oh my god ... 
  i guess it 's time to kill avast !, 
  i just went through my avast settings and saw some kind of browser protection shit and disabled it ... et voila everything is fine again ... 
  i just did my first trade ( both packages still in transit ) and i feel really bad for the other person who paid double the shipping cost . 
  had i known before i would have packed some more stuff in it . 
  apparently shipping germany -  usa is only 35 $ while the other way around it 's 75 $ ... 
  i wanted to start with an easy one , so here it is . 
  3lbs of pork ( with a tbl spoon of bouillon dissolved in a cup of water ) cooked for 7 hours . 
  rip it in pieces . 
  drain in bbq sauce . 
  let it cook for one more hour . 
  cut bread and tomatoes . 
  stack with salad . 
  enjoy . 
  had 3 people over , everyone enjoyed it . 
  next time i 'll add some chilis to the mix to make it a bit more exciting . 
  good idea , thanks for the suggestion !, 
  it 's called wurzelbrot in germany , some kind of wheat bread . 
  it was as delicious as it looks , 
  beautiful location !, 
  wish we had something like that in germany . 
  one question though : most footage i see here is really slow compared to how i drive around here . 
  the fastest i saw you go in that video was like 20mph . 
  is there a specific reason for that ? 
  it 's not about being dumb , it 's about not being able to physically comprehend what is happening around you fast enough . 
  young people can learn to be `` wiser '' , old people mostly ca n't get better . 
  also , many ( old and young people ) do n't even ( want to ) know they need glasses or hearing aid , so a driving test would be a perfect reason to get that checked . 
  wait , your vpn still works wirh netflix ? 
  all of mine stopped working a couple of weeks ago, 
  dude , that 's like on the other side of the globe ... 
  ^ ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  just use one of those fancy bluetooth trackers and put that in their pocket so your phone rings as soon as they wander away . 
  she was yelling about him blocking her view, 
  i do n't really care of you wear a helmet or not , but how does driving in your own backyard protect you from falling on your head ? 
  how do you guys crouch ? 
  am i the only freak that prefers c to ctrl ? 
  it seems like most modern games use crtl as standard , while older games mostly used c. 
  goddammit i just tried to close the ad to see what 's behind it ... 
  or just give it back to greece , they absolutely need the money and you ca n't find a location that fits better than the birthplace of the olympics ... 
  i guess the main difference is all the added flavors and salts that makes the bouillon less healthy than this recipe which is really just meat and water . 
  i guess the sauce he is making afterwards would have a heavy parmesan flavor, 
  it 's like a buffer overflow , they are so anti racist that it looped around and now they are the most racist group of all . 
  was n't there some company that patented those `` play a game while loading '' style loading screens ? 
  i remember reading about the end of that patent so anyone could use it by now ( nobody does though ) . 
  you can get big packs of brand condoms ( 100pcs ) for 25 $ on amazon . 
  i only buy in stores when it 's super urgent ... 
  how can she crack !, 
  do you even read the article before criticizing it ? 
   the hospital was right off the freeway exit , and neally was able to steer the car the last few meters and check himself into the emergency room , the report said . 
  yep , pretty blatant ad . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://photos.google.com/share/af1qipp2i8ziizlldnvpnzh5ozm2wjv7vda9kp7mtd-aqal19bb51wsrwfirhf3awzuq-g/photo/af1qipna2ur4mqgi3oh2fa7edw2mh3hbx_7tjwmbcjfk?key=q2xnd09wam91b29izvjnndfbefyyyktpcfjpbvln ), 
  i got the pic out of [ this ] ( https://photos.google.com/share/af1qipp2i8ziizlldnvpnzh5ozm2wjv7vda9kp7mtd-aqal19bb51wsrwfirhf3awzuq-g?key=q2xnd09wam91b29izvjnndfbefyyyktpcfjpbvln ) album , which is pretty much all photos if the model 3 combined, 
  i do n't know what they actually use to make these , but if they use injection modling , $ 150k for 6 molds is fairly cheap ( a good mold of that size costs about 15-20k ) and if they decided to do 2 colors in one step , the mold costs even more . 
  so 20k x 6 = $ 120k for the manufacturing of good molds . 
  that leaves only 30k for materials , machine-operating and finishing . 
  so my guess is that they opted for some cheap 2-5k molds which have far worse parting lines . 
  got ta get dat profit somewhere ...
