tadaa , i finally gave up my old account and switched to my new username , 
  i just bought the thrustmaster warthog hotas and the ch pro pedals ( i think that 's as good as you can get quality-wise without buying a full seat ) and i made a custom mount for the joystick , so i can use my k&m pretty much at the same time . 
  the whole setup is of really , really good quality , i am quite impressed by it , although the pricetag is quite hefty . 
  the only thing i do n't like with my setup is my chair , it has non-lockable wheels , so i have to be careful not to push myself away when using the pedals but i 'm looking into that and i 'll fix it soon . 
  in summary , you 'll get what you pay for , i bought the thrustmaster warthog hotas for 250 $ on ebay and imported the ch pro pedals from the usa to germany for about 110 $ ( not available here right now ) . 
  for binding the axis :, 
  * joystick gets pitch and roll, 
  * pedals get yaw ( on the sliders ) and horizontal-movement ( on the `` brakes '' ), 
  * the throttle will be a little bit under-used as it will only get the thrust/back and forth and i do n't know if i can use the second throttle for anything . 
  ( maybe vertical movement ), 
  the included t.a.r.g.e.t. 
  software is really frickin powerful , you can emulate pretty much everything in different ways . 
  i love it . 
  honestly , if you 're looking for something cheaper , you can get the thrustmaster t-flight hotas stick x , it has a rotating joystick and an extra axis on the throttle for side-movement , so you have every axis on one thing . 
  the quality is very plasticy , but for that money i think it 's one of the best choices . 
  i got the ch pro pedals and the have 3 axis : one for yaw and a `` brake '' axis on every pedal . 
  so i 'm going for normal yaw and the 2 brakes will serve as horizontal movement left and right . 
  the only thing i 'm missing right now is a logic axis for vertical movement , but i got two throttle axis on my warthog so maybe i 'll use the 2nd throttle . 
  imo the target software is the best mapping software i ever saw . 
  you can easily script anything you want and it 's pretty easy once you get the hang of it . 
  the only thing that is a pain in the ass is the absence of a good tutorial or manual or any documentation what so ever . 
  motherfuckin eurocopter !, 
  i always get a bad feeling when i hear shit like that because i work in qa at one of their contractors . 
  we mostly get non-critical parts though . 
  but still ... 
  i bought a thurstmaster warthog hotas and made a custom mount on my desk . 
  i 'm not yet happy with the placement of the throttle , it 's a little bit too far away , but it works . 
  [ see here . 
  i like that the x-55 has pretty much the exact same button and hat alignment as the warthog . 
  that 'll come in handy !, 
  grunt here - wunderlag, 
  and one more for my friend suebig - grunt, 
  i guess they could hack something together with the rift support . 
  they have to have something in mind for it , otherwise they would n't add it to that list already . 
  i do n't really know what about trackir is old tech . 
  even the rift is using the same tech with the dk2 and if you can not use the rift ( or any hmd ) for any reason ( mostly health related ) , trackir is your next best thing you can use to make the most of surround gaming and flight sims . 
  i use trackir for arma and dcs a lot and even with only one monitor it works pretty good for me . 
  it even feels strange to play ego shooter without trackir now ... 
  i will definitely compare the two tracking systems , since trackir has double polling rate in the camera and they make a big deal about it . 
  and of course the rift will be a better overall feeling when it 's out , but still i think trackir will stay a valid input device for enthusiasts , at least until the 2nd or 3rd iteration of the rift . 
  sooo , when did your gamepad , joystick , rudder pedals , ... have their last update ? 
  i have absolutely no problems with trackir , no crashes , now lags . 
  the only thing to complain about it , is that they sometimes need a little too long to support new games that would benefit from it , but since i use it mostly for dcs and the arma series that does n't bother me at all . 
  as as you can see they implemented something for sc pretty fast , so a healthy competition from oculus kicks their butts in the right way . 
  ok , wow i did n't know about all that stuff and it really did n't bother me because i never had any problems . 
  i think that oculus is already putting some pressure on them , hence the early implementation of sc . 
  and not all of this site is true imo , it says trackir 's last game-update happened in 2006 , though dcs and arma games are much newer than that ... 
  i guess arma is getting away with supporting pretty much everything pretty good , maybe they are changing their minds . 
  they kinda have to with the rift on the horizon ... 
  yeah , but do you have any problems with it ? 
  i use it on win8 .1 and it works just fine for me . 
  not a single problem . 
  and i think the featureset is pretty rich too , i ca n't imagine what i would want more . 
  so i still think that trackir software/driver do not need an update , do n't fix things that are not broken . 
  of course crytek will `` help them out '' on that matter . 
  it 's basically cheap implementation into the cry engine and they do n't risk anything because if it does n't work properly , it 's sc 's fault and they had 2 men helping instead of a team of 10-20 men developing the whole thing, 
  [ do n't worry !, 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ys8ejn50s8u/uaqkj8a9eri/aaaaaaaaafc/gabq7shtcqo/s1600/imfromtheinternet.jpg ), 
  i 'm not sure if he is talking about servers or clients ... i hope both ... 
  alpha medic please, 
  hey there , gon na go with whisky driver, 
  you 're taking your opinion of fun for a fact for everyone . 
  but it still is an opinion and many people ( including me ) seem to prefer 1st person only ( or at least a very good and reasonable solution to 3rd person , like drones ) . 
  and i can tell you that i have some experience with 1st vs 3rd person from arma . 
  there is a reason why all the good and fun platoons and missions are 1st person only : it is more immersive that way and therefore more fun ( at least for those people ) . 
  at least the biggest and oldest platoons that are still running are 1st person only . 
  i took it for a fact that only good and fun platoons would last longer than others . 
  and with missions i meant the missions played by those platoons , they restrict gameplay completely to 1st person . 
  so maybe i phrased it wrong , but no i do n't rely only on my opinion with that comment . 
  the software already has an option for sc like i pointed out [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/215s7c/i_just_found_out_that_trackir_got_a_profile_for/ ) , also a lot of discussion about what is good and bad about trackir, 
  what would happen if he suddenly dies ? 
  does he have children ? 
  who would be next in line ? 
  so , have there been female dictators in nk before ? 
  i guess that would be pretty crazy times for nk ... or are the dictators just figures of a greater circle of jerks behind them ? 
  yeahh i guess german history does n't teach about korean war ( which i think is what you are hinting at ? 
  ) , i think we had better things to do . 
  could you enlighten my day ? 
  how is the number of n-korean dictators world history ?? 
  do you know how many presidents china had until now ? 
  i do n't , because frankly i do n't give a flying fuck about it . 
  america had pretty solid history in korea , therefore it got thought in school more intensely . 
  and i do n't really know how to respond to your last sentence , that is just a really bad stereotypical accusation . 
  it just shows your ignorance about the presence . 
  and calling me a smartass after the most stupid comment ( `` brush up your 19th century history '' ) can only be a joke , right ? 
  edit : but thanks for the answer anyway . 
  well , that was unexpectedly creepy !, 
  i guess i am scared now ... 
  yes , arma ii with pmc dlc, 
  or , you know , that planet is not earth and may have completely different surface and clouds . 
  they y not even be water-clouds . 
  the planet from sc is not earth and therefore has a different surface and the clouds may not even be water-clouds ... 
  you know , i like you already !, 
  well , you know , i do n't give a flying fuck . 
  sorry did n't include specs , motherboard is asrock z77 extreme4, 
  thanks , i 'll try finding it on my mobo , maybe that helps, 
  could n't you just use the spoilertag for your bot ? 
  that way you can save on space , i 've seen it on that wikibot in some subreddit ( askreddit maybe ? ), 
  check if it 's plugged in . 
  this thing is really recource hungry !,
