  the music was perfectly timed with the ship startup and really felt `` ingame '' . 
  keep on doing that , you got some amazing talent there , maybe do a full sightseeing trip through the ptu while narrating with some facts , i 'd enjoy that a lot !, 
  not really , but the quality has nothing to do with it . 
  in germany general use of a dashcam is prohibited , especially if you use it for `` fun '' and upload it to youtube . 
  the only time a dashcam was accepted in court was when the driver had proven that he/she was only turning it on to film this specific event . 
  this all has to do with the `` recht am eigenen bild '' and afaik in germany this extends to your property if it is identifiable yours ( number plates ) . 
  ( ianal , just typed this up from memory when i researched dashcams about a year ago ), 
  dude , i do n't even get the joke but something is making me grin since i saw this picture !, 
  yeah , and that will come very fast since web.de only provides like 12mb of email space ... 
  of course there is more complexity to it , but i guess we came to the same conclusion . 
  do n't do it in cars . 
  funny thing is , that it seems to be pretty much okay to use dash/actioncams on bikes , motorcycles , quads , etc. 
  because you do n't run it `` to catch an accident '' but to record your ride and the view you have . 
  yeah , what i and sophtracyschwartzman were pointing out was the childish behavior of repeating everything 100x . 
  this seems to be a recurring theme in videos like that and it bugs the shit out of me when people do it in real life . 
  just because you repeat something very often does n't necessarily make it true . 
  ( he did get everything in camera thought , 
  yeah you should see the ads companies like web.de and gmx.de put on their site ... it 's fucking ridiculous if you compare it to gmail . 
  you even got those ad-mails in your inbox that ca n't be turned off because it comes from the providers themselves . 
  i switched to gmail a long time ago and never deleted a single mail . 
  i still use less than 20 % of my inbox space and the automatic spam filter is so good ... 
  i guess you misread my comment , i did n't say the use is generally prohibited , i said that `` general use of '' ( as in `` you use it all the time to record all without context '' ) is prohibited . 
  right now you 're better off without a dashcam in your car in germany since it does n't help you and [ might even get you a fine . 
  ] ( https://www.bussgeldkatalog.org/dashcam/ ), 
  i am still talking about dashcams in cars . 
  this incident was recorded on a bikers helmet , which has been less problematic because you can at least pretend to be filming the scenic view while driving . 
  it 's not that easy when it 's mounted on a cars dashboard . 
  edit : oh , and do n't get me wrong , i 'd love to install a dashcam in my car , but i wo n't do it until there is an actual ruling that there are no repercussions for using one like they are intended . 
  because tv ads i guess . 
  and gmail comes from those evil americans , better use some poorly protected and shitty german service !, 
  what did you say ? 
  oh yes , google is cool , i use it a lot . 
  facebook too , of course . 
  but no gmail in my house , young man !, 
  edit : on a serious note : it 's probably because those services were here before gmail could establish itself in germany . 
  they even had problems with the name `` gmail '' because in germany there was some company that trademarked it here or some shit . 
  so they had to use @googlemail.com which is far worse than web.de or gmx.de imo . 
  you 're thinking about pension in the german way , this is nothing like it since there is no real social security in america . 
  in germany you pay your social security to get your pension after you retire depending on the years you paid social security in any job . 
  ( if i understand it correctly ) in america certain jobs use contracts that gain you something similar to the german pension , but you 're not guaranteed to get it if you break that contract . 
  you also have to consider the time to reheat the mold . 
  hightech molds have a cooling and a heating cycle to get the mold back to working temp asap . 
  reheating can even be done with heating plates to increase flowing performance in specific spots of the mold , i.e. 
  sharp corners . 
  judging from the quality of all of them , they must be from 2010 or something ... 
   when it drops even a little bit, 
  that 's not true . 
  look up hysteresis . 
  phone manufacturers just show you 100 % charge while the batteries true charge may fluctuate for example between 85-90 % . 
  send help !, 
  i ca n't stop watching it !, 
  could you explain what he was ranting about ? 
  maybe a link ? 
  if you provide me with the specific kind you want , maybe an amazon link , i will look into it tomorrow . 
  ( i 'm off for today , 
  i 'll try to find it at my local stores tomorrow , and on amazon.de they are indeed 1,70 $ . 
  i do that with google chrome since 2013 or so ... 
  you can set any search field to a custom keyword for chrome . 
  just rightclick the searchfield, 
  in chrome you do n't even need an extention , it 's built in, 
  forgive me for i have sinned ... 
  but seriously , i think all those downvotes come from people that just do n't know any better, 
  ( people , just rightklick in any search field and read through the optiones ), 
  so i guess if you do n't use amazon and want ! a for audible that 's not possible ? 
  i found them !, 
  pm me your adress asap , dhl closes at 1300 today . 
  [ it 's dinner time !, 
  my problem with calling a quadrocopter a quad is , that i own an atv that most people call a quad too ... so when i tell somebody that i took some pictures with my quad , they mostly do n't know what i did . 
  i 'm also pretty okay with calling it a drone , the negative connotations are not that widespread in my area ... 
  this would have been so much better without music !, 
  i still enjoyed it though . 
  boy oh boy , someone should tell him about 3d-printing ... 
  i fell like a lot of his steps for making the master were kinda unnecessary . 
  although i was surprised that the lure did wiggle it 's tail that much . 
  man i hate people who ca n't see that something was an accident ... 
  this is a dangerous sport , do n't be an asshole and fuck up everyone 's day by being a bitch . 
  imo the motox rider was at fault because , how should the atv rider know when and if he is being passed . 
  anyways , the atv rider had no protection besides his helmet on , which would prevent me from even riding alongside him . 
  it depends on what you want to achieve ... 
  with a glass desk you could try to mount some suction cups on the base and stick it that way . 
  for some reason the color on my trigger came off a little . 
  so maybe try to keep that clean or put an extra coat of clear nail polish on it . 
  other than that , if you are willing to mod it , you can change the big spring inside the base to a weaker one and put better lube on the inside the ball that houses the hall-sensor for more precise control . 
  i 'm on mobile right now , but you can find tutorials for both mods on youtube . 
  another thing you could do , is getting an extension for the stick and mount it to your chair/seat . 
  this makes changing the spring obsolete since you get a longer lever . 
  mounting it to your seat may be tricky though . 
  i would suggest http://amzn.com/b00mazig6s for the suction cups , i have not tested it , but you may be able to fit the screw of those through the holes in the base plate ( with maybe some drilling ) and screw it tight with a nut from above . 
  yep , living in munich i can only laugh at that statement, 
  they also use the data in streetview when they ca n't reliably read signs, 
  `` schlampig '' is german for `` slutty '', 
  if you have n't figured it out yet , the other comments talk about a breakout box for the vive that will let you connect your hmd in a more convenient place that the rift ( that has to be plugged in at the back of your pc ), 
  for me turning around [ my pc ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ehtlfmb.jpg ) is nearly impossible . 
  like a herd of wild mustangs !, 
  wait a minute ?!, 
  they clear ice chips and stuff but do n't redo the ice ?? 
  here in germany in every stadium no matter how small there is an ice resurfacing machine doing it 's thing between thirds . 
  he makes it seem very easy but i 'm sure there was a lot of training involved to get it this smooth and reliable, 
  if i remember correctly you just do n't start the target software , this way you can just use it with the standard inputs . 
  also , there is a download site from tm where you can download presets for popular games .
