  edit : oh and by the way , the g35s are on sale right now for under 90 $, 
  press your windows-key , then type `` dxdiag '' and hit enter , look at top left corner ... 
  i even tried this and , it may have been bad quality , my sleeving stiffed up the cables so much that my movement resulted in scratching sound that the mic caught ... also it may be okay for a modmic but with a clip-on it can be a bit weird . 
  how is the stability with those suction cups on the bottom ? 
  in my experience those make things pretty wobbly when you apply force to the side of the thing they are holding . 
  goddammit , i was reading `` censoring hobbits '' like four times and was really confused ... nice tune , but that `` jittering '' at the beginning made it sound quite cheap, 
  is that all the same guy ?? 
  that is just ridiculous ... 
  huh . 
  and i thought they were british invaders . 
  damn germanics killing all those poor aborigines !, 
  what i found is that hairstyle makes a big difference . 
  having a plain and , albeit good looking , boring haircut does not make you stand out . 
  go ahead and got something really crazy ( i know women and their hair , but just do it ) like half undercut and you will stand out like crazy and get comments about it . 
  also , maybe try to get a haircut that is favored by the type of men you desire . 
  since this seems to be the original video and the upload date was 2 days ago i assume there would be some articles but no real follow up . 
  my god the soundfx are horrible . 
  but the guy is hillariously fucked up . 
  i do n't think they are actual cameras , but rather light activated diodes that just give a signal if a certain wavelength hits it . 
  also , you would need the calibration pattern on your walls to get furniture positions . 
  yep because german privacy laws pretty much wo n't let you post any footage publicly . 
  i would get a cam if it would help me in any way , but you ca n't even use it as evidence . 
  goddammit , you hit my vulnerable spot with that thing !, 
  i love survival games and this one looks quite good . 
  since the devs are in this thread , i got a couple of questions :, 
  - will the world be a fixed map or will it be randomly generated ? 
  - is the main character model final ? 
  because that 's the only visual thing i do n't like about the game so far . 
  - do you aim for a story driven game or some open-end thing ? 
  thx for the reply . 
  the thing with the main character is his proportions , his feet look far too thin for his body . 
  i like the rest so far , hope the companions wo n't be a pain in the ass as it often happens with companions . 
  here in germany every holder of a driving licence is obligated by law to help victims in an accident , regardless of your training . 
  if you do n't at least try to help you get fined/your licence gets revoked . 
  i do n't know how far this gets in non-accidents and non-driving-licence-holders . 
  do n't forget that it is almost impossible to restrain people fearing for their lives !, 
  it almost always takes at least 5 people to restrain one person . 
  damn , i had the same ending but did n't notice the loot . 
  tough shit ... 
  i got them and have to say that the neutral position is really hard to overcome when you need to make small increments . 
  but there is a solution for that : open them , take a small chisel and remove 4 brackets . 
  the good news is , that fixes the hard to overcome neutral position . 
  bad news is that you basically got none then  some hard rubber bands help with that though . 
  goddammit acartesiandemon ... 
  best thing when you encounter problems is to go to http://pcgamingwiki.com/ and look for a solution [ like this ] ( http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/witcher_3#ultra-widescreen ), 
  a dialogue designer for playstation games like the last of us !, 
  and now he makes dialogues in sc ... that is frickin ' great news !, 
  although i would have loved if they could get the dialogue designers from the witcher 3 , 
  hmm i just realized my afterburner shows only 144mb vram usage while playing witcher 3 ... 
  can a dog survive without a tongue ? 
  oh no , that sent me once more into the abyss of youtube cyst videos . . see ya later guys !, 
  i do n't think people call it a console port , just downgraded for console compatibility ... they clearly worked on it from a pc perspective having consoles in mind and then ported it to consoles . 
  dang , that thread is stupid xd, 
  so what you 're saying is , no dwarfs ? 
  oh god , that 's by far the best efukt video . 
  and those guys are getting better with time !, 
  if you really need something quick go to a gas station , most have small grocery stores attached and they are not that much more expensive . 
  haha , i kinda had this with my ex 's parents . 
  after a messy breakup ( we still do n't speak since the breakup ) i was still invited by her parents to join them at dinner . 
  and since her mom was a cook i could n't decline those i guess ... 
  i still join her aunt and uncle every couple of weeks when they need pc assistance and they pay for dinner afterwards . 
  shia was perfect in there . . and the buildup with titanic music ... gorgeous !, 
  thrustmaster software is pretty damn powerful too , although a little hard to set up and you have to choose between scripting and an ugly user interface ... 
  oh no , oh my god , i just took a look at the yt comments to see if anybody laughs at him for his slip up ... nope nope nope . 
  wait , why is that ? 
  actually , if you stop pooping for long enough you start puking poop back up ... so i guess there should be no problem at all !, 
  could be a woman ... 
  first thou pullest the holy pin . 
  i 'd be happy if someone would exchange the audio from `` for the watch '' with `` bad pussy '' [ s5e10 ] ( #s `` when they stab jon '' ), 
  imo `` partnering '' implies something more than `` giving assistance '' ... 
  i guess they 'll go windows 10 native support for valve vr , as they did with oculus ... 
  wow thanks , the sign was just beautiful dude :d, 
  okay , i ^ think ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ go ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ now ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ... 
  oh wow i never thought of native virtual desktops , i loved virtual desktop for the rift !, 
  in germany you do n't have to protest for that , we have unions over here ... 
  what ? 
  they are talking about police shootings here !, 
  there is something very fucking fishy going on if you ca n't track the number of dead people shot by police . 
  i 'll call merkel next thing tomorrow and send your greetings . 
  and yeah , unions are great , unless there are 2 unions for the same group of people like with the railway workers where they strike every couple of weeks just to piss everyone off ... 
  the yellow jar even says `` original american peanut butter creme '' ... 
  oh god , that guy ... if he had just cooperated from the beginning and explained his situation he probably would have gotten away with a warning or some shit ... 
  the road split into 2 lanes , this makes it two different roads and therefore he was n't really passing the cars to his left . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker , but at 00:58 , does she say `` sit back ya 'll , ** i do n't want you be offended ** '' ?? 
   escondido sobriety and driver 's license checkpoints have been a target of activists who say the stops are used to catch illegal immigrants . 
  can someone explain why this would be a bad thing ( if it was true ) ? 
  and 3 years probation and 40 hours community service as a cherry on top of it . 
  you can change this via the t.a.r.g.e.t. 
  software though !, 
  just assign the same button for both positions of the switch . 
  if you do n't know about it already and watch movies and stuff on netflix and youtube on your 21:9 monitor , there is a chrome extension called netflix ultrawide display support where you can manually control the aspect ratio of the media . 
  hmm i have no idea , a quick google search brought nothing but the chrome extensions ... 
  lmao !, 
  wow , wonderful song !, 
  how to save a life is one of my all time favorite songs and it never even crossed my mind that this could work with dubstep . 
  thanks, 
  is there no electronic money system available in the usa ? 
  here in germany everyone trusts their bank to record transactions , and especially something recurring like rent you just set up a recurring payment each month and do n't worry about it anymore . 
  yeah we have debit and credit cards too and money you earn through work gets paid directly to your bank account every month . 
  there are 4 main ways to access the money on your account via a teller or atm or online banking :,
