  i wrote a little javascript for this , just make a new bookmarklet in your browser , edit it and change the url to the following :, 
  javascript : ( function ( ) { if ( window.location.tostring ( ) . includes ( `` www.youtube . '' ) ) { url = window.location.tostring ( ) . replace ( `` www.youtube . '' , `` www.youpak . 
  '' ) ; window.location = url ; } else { alert ( `` try again on youtube.com !, 
  ( yes this code can probably be shorter , but i 'm no programmer and it works ), 
  just click the bookmarklet while you 're on a non working youtube video and get redirected to youpak . 
  eh , i do n't care , i 'm just proud that i finally got this shit to work :d, 
  thanks anyway, 
  too lazy to look it up but mrsuicidesheep has a paylist up with most of the songs on the yt channel . 
  those are a lot , but probably not 1000 ? 
  weil it also does n't help that so many people that do a barely average job in school think that they totally are able to go for degrees and shy away from skilled trades . 
  then the skilled trades geht desperate for people and take those who underperform . 
  that 's how you get the current problem with bad quality from tradesmen and too much focus on degrees for better paying jobs . 
  errr , i really do n't care for any side of the argument since i 'm not even american , but just to check your sanity : in the first couple rows in the picture you posted there are about 20 people who are clearly recognizable . 
  of those 20 people at least 4 of them are 30 + years old and 5 of those younger than 30 are clearly not white . 
  are you actually using that as support for your argument ? 
  or did i understand something wrong ? 
  god i was looking for the pants mentioned in the title for far too long ... then i read the title again . 
  cute video though !, 
  i wrote a little javascript for this , just make a new bookmarklet in your browser , edit it and change the url to the following :, 
  javascript : ( function ( ) { if ( window.location.tostring ( ) . includes ( `` www.youtube . '' ) ) { url = window.location.tostring ( ) . replace ( `` www.youtube . '' , `` www.youpak . 
  '' ) ; window.location = url ; } else { alert ( `` try again on youtube.com !, 
  ( yes this code can probably be shorter , but i 'm no programmer and it works ), 
  just click the bookmarklet while you 're on a non working youtube video and get redirected to youpak . 
  yeah of course it 's up to you , but since i live in germany and the gema is blocking a lot of videos here i was fed up with that and i use it pretty often , 
  you are right , its corrected now , thanks, 
  its an austrian site but this is the full englisch version of the manual . 
  had to buy office 2016 in a hurry , got a quick transaction a working key . 
  would buy again !, 
  germany , 
  it counts as a car . 
  it 's even cheaper than a car here ... 
  only problem here is , that there is n't much wilderness where noone cares if you drive there . 
  it 's all under there eye of farmers and rangers who you better not fuck with ... 
  i wrote a little javascript for this , just make a new bookmarklet in your browser , edit it and change the url to the following :, 
  javascript : ( function ( ) { if ( window.location.tostring ( ) . includes ( `` www.youtube . '' ) ) { url = window.location.tostring ( ) . replace ( `` www.youtube . '' , `` www.youpak . 
  '' ) ; window.location = url ; } else { alert ( `` try again on youtube.com !, 
  alternatively you can just mark the whole code and drag 'n' drop it into your bookmark-bar . 
  ( yes this code can probably be shorter , but i 'm no programmer and it works ), 
  just click the bookmarklet while you 're on a non working youtube video and get redirected to youpak . 
  no problem , feel free to share !, 
  probably a dumb question , but where do i see how fast i 'm going ? 
  all on the center console or is there a hud somewhere ? 
  try pissing in a urinal while wearing a kilt and be surprised how much of that stuff comes back at you and hits your trousers ( or in the case of a kilt your thighs ) . 
  some urnals are different but most are pretty hard to aim at the right spot which is different depending on what urinal you use and how tall you are ... so i guess what i wanted to say is : it 's not that bad ... 
  well , [ my cat ] ( http://imgur.com/xec3ln2 ) seems to know your dog, 
  hi there . 
  i got a little problem with my pc . 
  i built it myself about 8 month ago , tinkered here and there on it and am pretty happy with it , especially since i upgraded to better/quieter cpu cooler and fans . 
  now the only thing that 's left on annoying sound is a slight fizzing or sizzling noise from inside that i ca n't get rid of . 
  it gets worse when i start moving my mouse around , but it 's not my mouse causing it , i unplugged it and used another mouse and it 's still there . 
  i recorded a sample , you can hear when i move my mouse . 
  i tried to locate the origin but ca n't get a clear read . 
  my guesses would be the psu or the motherboard , but i wanted to ask in here if anyone has a better idea for testing and diagnosing it or had a similar problem before i start replacing things . 
  specs :, 
  cpu quadcore intel core i5-3570k , 4500 mhz ( 45 x 100 ), 
  motherboard asrock z77 extreme4, 
  gpu nvidia geforce gtx 670 ( 2 gb ), 
  memory 2x corsair corsair vengeance low profile 8gb, 
  so i could n't really find a lot of information on this , but the launch of the descent kickstarter had me thinking about those awesome devs in front of the camera like rob and eric . 
  there are also jason sprangler and michael morlain on that kickstarter . 
  can anyone share some insight on why those people left and when ? 
  rob was recently on atv and i was sure he 'd be still with us . 
  also , do you think there is something fishy going on at cig ? 
  why are all those ( at least personally ) great people going away and is it a good or a bad thing ? 
  edit : with `` so many '' i mean `` so many of the publicly known '', 
  hi there , first time posting here . 
  i found this sub while looking for someone who modded the throttle of the thrustmaster warthog hotas to the extent of switching the switches to ... different switches , 
  this comes from the pain it is to map those switches to anything that makes sense and that no game but dcs is using the toggle function . 
  so basically what i want is all of the switches to behave like the two ignition switches in both or at least one direction . 
  is it even possible to exchange them and if so , where do i get replacements ( if possible to germany ) ? 
  hi there ,, 
  so , my pc is not the newst around but i got a problem since i built it . 
  in some games i get some really bad stuttering and long loading-times and it seems pretty much random when it happens . 
  some examples are :, 
  - arma iii : i got a ssd and compared to friends with ssds my loading times are at least double when joining multiplayer games, 
  - dayz : random stuttering during gameplay for about half a second, 
  - shadow warrior : random stuttering during gameplay for about half a second, 
  my specs are pretty good imo and i recently bought a new gtx 980 and hoped that would fix my problems , but it did n't ... 
  i 'm at a loss and ca n't find where the problems come from . 
  does anyone have suggestions what i can do to fix the problem or at least find the source of it ? 
  all my games are installed via steam and on a ssd . 
  specs :, 
  - quadcore intel core i5-3570k , 4200 mhz ( 42 x 100 ), 
  - corsair vengeance 16gb ( 2x8gb ) ddr3 1600 mhz, 
  - nvidia geforce gtx 980 ( 4 gb ), 
  - ssd ozc vertex 4 ( os installed here, 
  - ssd crucial ct512mx100 ( games installed here ), 
  - microsoft windows 8.1 professional n 6.3.9600.17668 ( win8 .1 rtm ), 
  - nvidia driver version 347.88, 
  it feels like most problems come when turning around quickly when the gfx card has to load new textures and stuff , but i do n't know what could cause it . 
  hi there !, 
  so for a couple of days i was experiencing a couple of random problem ( for example thumbnails not loading on reddit ) with my internet connection . 
  yesterday i wanted to watch some twitch , and only the sidebar was loading , nothing else . 
  i restarted my router and it did n't change much , so i thought i 'd give it a day to settle down . 
  it did n't , so i deleted my cache and cookies in chrome and tried that . 
  no change on reddit nor on twitch . 
  so i thought i 'd watch some netflix , and what do you know , chrome is giving me sh * t for no https ... 
  so i tried to look on twitter if there is a tweet about netflix being down . 
  guess what ? 
  no twitter for me !,
