  got ta tell my lovely story with logitech support here . 
  i once bought a g500 mouse that broke about 1.5 years of using ( the left mouse button sent only doubleclicks ) they exchanged it with no questions asked , i did n't even need to return my old mouse . 
  i had that one in use for about a year when i accidentally pushed it off the edge of my desk and the hull cracked . 
  called logitech customer support again and told them that it cracked ( did n't tell them that i dropped it ) and sadly they told me that the g500 was n't produced anymore ... 
  so they upgraded me to the new g500s !, 
  crazy shit . 
  another time i poured hot tea over my g710 + which made the key caps come off over time . 
  told them the key caps come off , new g710 + in the mail within a week . 
  call me a fanboy , but i try to only buy logitech stuff since then . 
  edith : logitech customer support germany btw . 
  huh ? 
  is n't the last sentence exactly what / u/ninjacorgi said ? 
  i did n't read the privacy policy , but my guess would be `` anonymous '' distribution of your data for statistics and stuff . 
  but my go at those privacy policies is to treat my data they gather as if they just sold it to everyone asking . 
  ( regardless of what company it is ), 
  huh i guess they got new management since then and had to rethink their way of doing , especially in a much harsher market with so many hardware companies like razor and corsair entering the market . 
  i only had one other issue with my g35 's when they were 1.5 years old and the cushions began to disassemble . 
  they sent me a new pair of g35 's with no questions asked ... 
  even if they would burn me twice with support now i would go back to them because i had such a great experience before . 
  hah , you should read about german work time law . 
  it 's almost ridiculous how little we are allowed to work . 
  in short :, 
  * i may only work for more than 6 hours continuously before i have to take a 15min break, 
  * if i work longer than 6 hours a day i have to pause work for at least 30min in between . 
  i can split this in 2x15min . 
  * if i work more than 9 hours a day , i have to pause work for at least 45min in between . 
  i may split that up in 3x15min or 15min + 30min . 
  ( rule no. 1 also applies ), 
  * i may not work more than 10 hours a day . 
  between 2 days there must be at least 11 hours of off time . 
  * every week there must be a day off . 
  this means at least 24 hours off-time . 
  * i can work up to 60 hours a week , but every hour more than 40 must be compensated for in the next 6 months . 
  this law has exceptions for i.e. 
  nurses and waiters , but applies to most german workers . 
  if the company does n't grant you these rights they can get fined . 
  if they require you to take your breaks and you do n't oblige , you can be fined for that . 
  edit : [ source ] ( http://www.mayr-arbeitsrecht.de/fileadmin/mayr-arbeitsrecht/arbeitshilfen/englisch/working-time-act.pdf ) ( it 's a 2008 translated version , there could be slight changes but the basics still apply ), 
  it mostly is , but sometimes it really sucks when you need to get work done and , as an employee , want to work for a couple hours longer . 
  of course you can make deals under the table with your employer and no company is 100 % accurate with it . 
  yeaah , try that in automotive or aerospace business and you 'll e out of business in no time, 
  15min break every 4 hours i paid ?? 
  well that 's something i guess . 
  all breaks in germany are unpaid . 
  of course union contracts are far better than what is required by law, 
  there are two more things to consider :, 
  * finding skilled employees for complicated tasks is sometimes really hard . 
  especially in more rural areas, 
  * the workload is not made by some 100 % correct computer . 
  sometimes employees who must care for the exact right workload do make errors that get carried all the way to the last employee who has to deal with it , in my case that 's qa which fucks me over pretty bad sometimes , 
  i do n't think you are wrong , but you have to consider that not every company just produces the end product . 
  we are a supplier for prototyping and small series of mostly aluminium and plastic parts for mostly electronics and aerospace . 
  with that there come 2 vital parts that you just wo n't see in a company that produces the end product themselves :, 
  * prototyping is always very very hard to predict . 
  even the best job preparing ca n't predict everything that can go wrong , and even if they know it could go wrong , they ca n't calculate that everything will happen . 
  * as a supplier you can and have to calculate for 100 % workload . 
  of course you can measure 100 % workload differently . 
  if you just measure what your workers output is over a month or so you can generate an average and use that as your 100 % . 
  ( simplified that 's how we do it ), 
  funny thing is that we have in-house development for software for our purposes ( which we also sell to other companies ) ... and the last stages of qa for the software products gets tested by every one of our workers . 
  yes of course , that is whining at a very high level . 
  i prefer our system too but sometimes it is a little annoying , 
  how do you mean `` difficult '' ? 
  in terms of money , if you do n't get it from your parents or by luck you basically can not acquire a house where i live ( bavaria ) . 
  i think you get small houses with about 130m \u00b2 living space and a small garden around it for about 250,000 $ . 
  and those are some old houses in rural areas . 
  building a new one will cost you something above of 400,000 $ i guess . 
  you must have missed the nvidia controversy where they subtitled the same video with what nvidia was thinking when they released the 970 . 
  honestly i could even understand if the publishers would sue all the let 's plays and walkthroughs of the game . 
  it 's basically like ripping a movie and uploading it to youtube ... 
  i really like his style of explaining . 
  the only thing that really really bothers me is that freaky american number system !, 
  holy cow how did anyone ever think that it was good to use in a technical case ... 
  `` yeah remember , if we want to drill for 1/2 inch , you use one size smaller , that 's 31/64 inch ... '', 
  ( oh and btw , if you chose to drill your metal , use much much lower speeds than he does . 
  his ream-surfaces look awful and with aluminium and that speed , the bore gets out of shape pretty quick ), 
  dude i bought this game because i really wanted to play it on my oculus rift . 
  i knew i ca n't play these games but i thought that the oculus experience would pull me trough ... i never got farther than 25min into the game and i am shitting my pants when i even think of it . 
  even without the oclulus rift ... 
  edit : i still do n't regret buying it ... 
  yep , thread standards are a pain in the ass . 
  even though i work mostly with metric threads on our own products , we have to use freaking un standards on our aerospace products . 
  and even those who define that shit ca n't decide on a standard to use : `` oh , today is monday i guess i 'll use fractions today , but tomorrow maybe in decimal ... '', 
  i guess it must be a combination of `` old-timers '' and `` american '' or `` british '' because i am quite sure you would n't find anyone in ( continental - ) europe using imperial ( except on tire diameters , monitors and screw threads ), 
  i support the movement for not buying blindly or preorder , but i do n't know how this is relevant here . 
  all those reviews fucking loved the game . 
  this is clearly not the buyers fault but most reviewers . 
  if bought on recommendation ( and not satisfied ) one should reconsider their choice of review source . 
  like this ? 
  does anyone know what platform they show here ? 
  i sure hope it 's the xboxone ( judging by the buttons on screen ) . 
  wow , imagine a tank drives half of the track onto your foot and stops . 
  there are only two ways to get it off of you : forward or backward ... damn, 
  i can tell you that in germany it is strictly forbidden to follow any emergency vehicles when they have their lights on ... 
  bearbeitung : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ek4cpbpckqg, 
  meh , we dig through everything . 
  i moved from austria to bavaria 3 years ago and i feel like the roads here are just built on the hills and you drive over every one of them . 
  in austria they just carve out hills and mountains so they can build straight roads . 
  honestly that did n't look like `` baddest motherfuckers '' but like two [ apes jumping around on a rock ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99tduj0eml4&amp;t=52 ) after scaring away a predator ... 
  it 's just so sad seeing sandy and ben fight their way through every episode of atv when eric and the others were so confident back then .
