  it 's nice because it 's free , but if you want to monitor your stuff , there is alot of things out there that run better . 
  i use aida64 and got my on-screen display on the 2nd screen , it uses about 0.5 % of my cpu , cam goes from 1.5 % to 10 % as soon as i make it the active window ... 
  yeah but aida64 does basically the same thing , with graphs and all the fancy stuff ... not quite as beautiful as cam , but you can customize much more things in aida64 ... 
  so , the community wants them to be absolutely honest , and then gets honesty and bitches about it . 
  they have to set a fixed date to give them a timeline and stop implementing new things weeks prior . 
  they did that , set 2 weeks for ironing out issues and got a little overwhelmed by it . 
  the problem is , that if they gave themselves 3 weeks for bugtesting , they would delay it either way , because you know , they are just human and if you got more time for stuff , you take more time for stuff . 
  one way to conquer this , would be giving themselves 2 weeks and telling the community 3 weeks and if it comes earlier we would be happier . 
  but you got ta keep this a secret to your employees or else same problem like i just stated ... 
  i do n't work in game development ( more like hardware manufacturing ) , but i can tell you that other projects in every other branch have professionals , pour billions of dollars into projects and still do n't keep timelines , because you try to estimate and even if you just got like ten parameters , there will fail at least one of them and you ca n't keep that timeline . 
  and you ca n't calculate with that because that way you ca n't do any time-calculations at all . 
  yep and i love it !, 
  it 's a little big for my taste but it looks great , 
  you can just autostart aida64 and it will pop up , maybe look into the options for that , you can also lock position and so on there . 
  better buy a separate monitor for that beast xd still pretty though . 
  yeah the sharing part is pretty cool , especially if you reformat your pc . 
  if they had that in already i 'd buy it in a heartbeat . 
  i do n't like 3rd person driving ... 
  my gf gets really hard and good orgasms from stimulating her ass alone , even without penetration . 
  it 's a different kind of orgasm than piv or clitoral though, 
  wow these voiceactors are really bad ... 
  i love it , it seems like a documentary on humans and the commentary is brilliant !, 
  that 's why he has an asterisk on his name . 
  does anyone know if it comes with lti ? 
  150 $ is a bunch of money , but i am considering melting my hornet for this beauty < 3, 
  edit : oh and btw , on the ship-spec page one the far right is a `` quire karthu-al '' listed where you can preview some of the specs . 
  nice , that 's great thank you . 
  will do , never trust the internet !, 
  fyi there is a mouse emulation . exe that comes with trackir , look into the installation folder , its called tirmouse.exe, 
  sooo who 's that joker to the left ? 
  am i the only one who 's disgusted by her legs and feet ? 
  i think black swan ruined me ... 
  heyhey whats up ? 
  ( in a very harsh/aggressive tone ), 
  it was a vice documentary , strange to look at , yet funny , 
  i hate it too , but i can somehow understand when old people do it since my grandfather got one for his 70th birthday and his first comment on the camera was `` hey i can finally see what i 'm taking a picture of ! '', 
  have you checked with logitech support ? 
  it 's one of the best supports i ever encountered and they do their best to help . 
  just call them and tell them about your issue , maybe they can help even without recipe , 
  too bad ... 
  i sent them a screenshot of my amazon purchase once , that worked for me , 
  you do realize that pc is not a trademark ? 
  i 'm a heavy pc user and never felt attacked by those ads, 
  so you compare apples ( hah ! ), 
  with pears . 
  the op was talking about two trademarks hitting each other , you 're talking about a trademark differentiating itself from a generic name . 
  if they had used `` mac vs windows '' it would be a whole other story . 
  dat trailer though, 
  hah , finally a good answer to that question . 
  took me years of wondering why the gaming press does this . 
  thanks, 
  and if there is a specific thing to vote on , not some representive ( s ) who may or may not hold their word on what they may or may not do . 
  international streisand effect ? 
  and even if they got it , you 're better off just marking the mail as spam . 
  if the emails come unwanted and uninvited ) , `` unsubscribing '' just confirms that the emailadress is in use , so they send you more . 
  of course , it 's not alway like that but i had it a couple of times . 
  a certain number of people get hardwareboxes which record when and how long they watch a tv station . 
  they basically are the tv-taste-makers . 
  wellll and how am i wrong then ? 
  where do you think your sample is coming from ? 
  so , i ca n't provide any scientific sources to it , but i once read that `` holding it in '' while masturbating can improve your overall longevity . 
  and by holding it in i mean when orgasming physically preventing cum from getting out . 
  do this for a week and then try normal , then again for a week , and normal . 
  i never had problems with that so i ca n't confirm or deny it ... 
  well , i can tell you for certain that in germany it 's done via those boxes . 
  they are provided by a independent institution , to anonymous households . 
  i 'm sure there are other solutions to that , but calling my answer wrong wothout any evidence to support it is n't helping ... 
  i 'm german and i feel the same way, 
  please explain or link ? 
  the original j\u00e4gerbomb ( also called `` flying hirsch '' in gernany ) is a glass with about an inch of red bull and one of those small j\u00e4germeister flasks in it . 
  the effect is that you get the red bull in your mouth first , then the j\u00e4germeister slowly mixes with it . 
  also you get your teeth crushed iy you 're not careful . 
  the `` bomb '' is the j\u00e4germeisterflask dropping down . 
  if you like the content that is already in the game ( or tech demo ) and the price fits , why should you not just buy the game in it 's current state ? 
  if development stops you 'll be fine because you did n't expect more and if the developer delivers ne feature/the full game you 'll be even happier . 
  all three of these are pretty big red flags . 
  i do n't know if any of those events would cause me to kick my partner out straight off , but if my partner did bring home a carpet without talking to me , and then starts pissing on the dog , blaming it on the me , i 'd definitely run away and never come back . 
  they get a cut of sales because they add security to the system . 
  but currenc is just another middleman , created by those who receive your money . 
  i ca n't imagine how this is going to be better than cc companies ... 
  yeah , i feel like the first time with a new girl is n't that good anyway , i prefer when both know each others kinks and special spots . 
  2-year old kid got sick and died back in december , the whole family took part in a ritual where they touch the dead body , iirc all of them died , but not before some voodoo bushdoctor from a bigger village tried to cure them and took the virus into that village --  boom, 
  ca n't remember if that has been found out . 
  but i guess you do n't have to eat it , if the 2-year old found a dead/bloody bat and licked it or something , that should be enough to get sick . 
  i understand what you mean , but is n't that the literal meaning of `` representative '' ? 
  `` you '' represent the company , so if i talk to to or about `` you '' , i actually talk to or about the thing you are representing . 
  my point is that maybe it 's your fault of thinking the wrong way , 
  is your smiley an old guy with a mustache or a bunny with an evil grin ? 
  so , i try to live by `` do n't regret any experiences you had '' . 
  i had some bad experiences and even though i do n't like to think about some of them , i do n't regret them . 
  regreting something does n't do anyone any good , try to do it better next time and take your bad experiences as the baseline for improvement . 
  mhhh dat crust, 
  ahh that reminds me : had anal sex with a fwb , it got really hot and i fucked the shit out of her ... well not just figuratively , as i would learn later . 
  after the sex , she got up to get water and wash herself , i turned on the light l and when she came back , she blushed , screamed `` oh my god ! '', 
  and rushed into the bathroom to get a wet towel and started scrubbing my wall ... 
  that 's when i saw brown sprinkles all over the wall ... i could n't stop laughing for 10minutes while she cleaned up and kicked me for laughing ... 
  we still have anal sex btw , just only after a good enema , 
  you got to pay the troll toll to get to the boys soul, 
  well the entry price is really low for 40 bucks ... 
  ac = assassins creed ( game ),
