  - get cash ( not via online banking ), 
  - send money to another bank account once, 
  - setup a recurring ( you can choose any intervals ) payment to another bank account, 
  - someone else is setting up a direct withdrawal from your account, 
  in most cases if you rent something permanently like a home you setup a monthly recurring payment to your landlords bank account and do n't have to worry anymore . 
  also , all your bank records get stored a long time . 
  that way and you have definite proof of payment . 
  edit : after googling bill pay , yes i think that 's what i meant . 
  but the comments in here suggest you guys barely use them ... 
  so does the ship from interstellar . 
  you can see it quite often actually, 
  i 'm on mobile right now but i 'm 90 % sure it 's the tm warthog stick . 
  it 's mounted horizontally in the back of the ship . 
  okay , i 'm at home now and i found a scene where they [ show it a little ] ( https://youtu.be/v7ovqxm7_pk?t=220 ) , there should be a scene where you can see it more clearly but i ca n't find it right now . 
  also [ here ] ( http://cdn-static.denofgeek.com/sites/denofgeek/files/styles/insert_main_wide_image/public/3/48//europa-report_0.jpg?itok=hlslszrj ) is a picture where in the top they show the tm warthog throttle, 
  damn , you 're right , 
  go to germany , here you get beer with everything whenever you want and nobody cares . 
  [ here you go !, 
  honestly , i do n't think televising this stuff would sell it to me . 
  but i 'm all for a better curation on the internet for content like that !, 
  somehow i feel like the whole crowd was in on it ... 
  every, 
  single, 
  link, 
   in 20 to 40 years, 
  dude , we 're talking single digit years here !, 
   a bit more ~ ~ real ~ ~ animated, 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm not quite sure if a drone like that would actually work . 
  aside from the crappy animations ( turning rotors on a quatcopter make little sense ; the fake unstable hover is far too unstable ; ... ) i think the recoil of the gun would fuck the drone right out of the sky , or at least a lot more than they show . 
  you may be able to get off one shot at the target but nithing more . 
  if you compare the gun-to-aircraft-size ratio to the warthog you know what i mean . 
  making it harder to obtain would drive the prices up too . 
  the german drivers licences are that expensive because you need to do most of the practical and theoretical lessons with a licences teacher in their car ( with special brakes and stuff ) . 
  imo that 's the only way to make the licences legitimately harder to obtain . 
  yup , friend of mine just got a ticket for leaving only 22m instead of 42m which included 180 $ and 1 point on his licence ( you lose your licence with 8 points ), 
  i guess for the average russian $ 50 is a lot and you ca n't fine rich people more just because they are rich ... 
  itt : op gets fucked, 
  i kinda understand her argument about the sticks projecting male dominance . 
  they should have put colored holes there instead . 
  fun fact : most european trucks are flat fronted because you need special permission to drive on public roads as soon as you reach a certain overall length . 
  are the usa really that dangerous that you would need something like that on a walk ? 
  as a german that has never been robbed or even know anyone who has been robbed i really do n't understand this mentality . 
  it feels like it 's pure paranoia . 
  that comparison would make sense if it was a big fat machine gun , but it 's an easy-to-conceal weapon purely made for ones safety . 
  if you want to make your car comparison you would need to compare that thing to a vw polo with like 50hp since it 's `` purely made for commuting to work '' . 
  edit : to elaborate , i want to say that i can understand shooting weapons for fun on a shooting range . 
  i never experiences it , but i guess unloading a gun into a dummy would be fun . 
  so do people there walk their dog with weapons on them ? 
  if that is the case , it feels like they are just multiplying their problem . 
  `` oh , that guy has a gun ? 
  sounds like a downward spiral ... 
  so since no one is answering here i 'll give you my guess . 
  i 've got a warthog hotas myself and i 'm guessing you mean the little joystick on the throttle underneath your index/middle finger . 
  afaik it got a hall sensor in it , so lubricating it should not harm anything . 
  use a small amount of machine lubricant , do n't use anything like cooking oil or butter . 
  i use oil that came with my electric shaver on the main joystick sometimes to add smoothness . 
  edit : also the ministick works for me perfectly although i use it for lateral and vertical movement in space sims a lot . 
  maybe you got too much dirt in there . 
  ( if you eat chips and snacks a lot , get some wet wipes and clean your hands before touching you stuff , this kind of grease can be horrible for plastic ), 
  edit2 : it was late yesterday , so i totally forgot about silicone spray . 
  use that if possible, 
  wow , did he lube his fucking breaks or what ?? 
  that stopping distance is just horrible !, 
  but that just raises the question why they would need a gun like that in the video if they are so safe ... 
  i understand shooting guns for fun and hunting , but not those highly concealable weapons in your back pocket for a walk with the dog ... 
  well , the price for the props is a whopping $ 1300 ... and the bottles come kinda empty ... 
  why is the title ridiculous ? 
  the flight attendant said that she was kicked off for `` being on the phone the whole time '', 
  that does n't mean you are incorrect , but the title is still right . 
  wd-40 is not a lubricant . 
  it 's displacing water ( wd = water displacement ) . 
  ( although it has some oils in it ), 
  i 'm not sure about mineral oil . 
  best thing would be silicone spray or bike chain oil, 
  the thing is , i never heard of anyone who has been killed with a door lock . 
  is n't it mandatory to keep your gun in a gun locker when not on your body ? 
  it sounds pretty dangerous to just keep it loaded in your nightstand . 
  yeah , i was thinking about a whole family living there . 
  it 's the average of the last couple ( 50 ? 
  idk ) kilometers . 
  since he is going pretty far it 's pretty accurate if you look at the end of the video, 
  not true , you 'll get one point on your licence and 70 $ fine . 
  31-40 km/h over the limit gets you a month of walking exercise ... 
  edit : typo, 
  hmm you 're right , it seems a little bit off , but i have no idea how this could break since it would be a pretty abysmal software failure . 
  the new bmws have no more reserve indication on the fuel gauge and just give you a warning at 50km of fuel left , based on your average mileage ... 
  i got this feature in on the display in the middle console , but not on dashboard, 
  did n't they fix that with one of the first patches ? 
  you can get it at some other vendor now i think, 
  wow , that 's good to know i guess , but i cdpr should fix that too i think ... 
  is the shitty webcam kind of her `` thing '' ? 
  because it 's fuckin 2015 , full hd webcams cost like 20 $ and might just have a better mic on them too ... 
  move to germany , here you can just use your quad like a car  i just got my first ( kymco mxu 500 ) and i 'm preparing my bandit cam for the ride tomorrow :d, 
  oh cool , did n't know that . 
  i drove the autobahn yesterday . 
  pretty puckin amazing , i still ca n't feel my hands though, 
  yep , definitely velcro , you can see the ball slightly wiggle and when he took it off he had to use force . 
  still amazing , i would n't even be able to hit my foot i guess ... 
  most likely a mom he is hitting on ... fucking white knights ...
