  yeah i forgot to clarify the `` so many '' with `` so many of the public faces '' . 
  and i never thought that there is anyone at fault there , i 'm just sad that most of them left without any statement or goodbye and it seemed like at was all a little too sneaky . 
  yeah i hope they do well , sadly descent never really interested me so i guess i 'll pass . 
  i 'd love to get someone with wit and and charisma to host atv . 
  i appreciate what sandi and ben are doing , but i feel uncomfortably watching them reading their sheets ... 
  yeah i mean awkward and hard to watch . 
  atv got through a couple of episodes now and they have n't improved much imo . 
  i understand that wmh was pretty expensive to make , but someone who feels comfortable in front of the camera would be great i guess . 
  it 's whining on a high level i guess , 
  there could be a lot of reasons , but the difference to other games and dev-studios is the openness and personality cig is working with . 
  ign : wunderlag, 
  slot : a1 | asst. 
  machine gunner, 
  ( alternatively i would take co medic if that spot does n't fill ), 
  long time , no see . 
  i 'll be back for at least a couple of missions :d, 
  he had easily enough space to go right in front of that truck and use the side lane for more space ... 
  hard to say if he has abs or not but with abs there is no lockup and you can still pretty mich cruise wherever you want even on full break . 
  you ca n't really make an assumption if you do n't know what exact model they use , but it goes from 60min . 
  to 3-4 hours on commercial and military drones of this size, 
  edit : here is an example http://www.avinc.com/uas/small_uas, 
  not on a dry asphalt street . 
  maybe in wet or freezing conditions , but that 's far from what 's seen in this video, 
  normally you hear abs pretty good when it 's in full action and his swerving around before the crash hints on no abs too . 
  thanks , i did n't even know where to start searching but those 2 names brought up a lot of results . 
  do you by chance know if those switches all have the same base underneath them ? 
  if thrustmaster used some proprietary stuff it seems impossible to get anything other in there . 
  i think i read somewhere that they cost upwards of 5000 $, 
  yup just saw that it was just for the engine , lowest tier goes for 5500, 
  and here comes my apology for leaving early : arma crashed 3 times for me and i could n't figure out what was wrong . 
  maybe next time ... 
  it 's only 3dof . 
  so basically just strafing in all directions and the perfect counterpart to your joystick, 
  goddammit i watched 20 seconds because i thought that that was the intro to the documentary ... well done dr. mr. president !, 
  it 's not necessarily against the law in germany . 
  it depends on the following : was there a speed limit on his lane ? 
  was there a speed limit on the lane he was merging into ? 
  and was there a solid line between them . 
  if there was no speed limit and the line between them was solid he did nothing wrong . 
  yep `` ma '' has 4 different meanings , i think two of them are `` horse '' and `` mother '' ... so do n't fuck that up !, 
  although the speed itself is not a problem in germany , the intent to race is against the law and really dangerous . 
  but at least they did it on a pretty straight and what seems like mostly empty part . 
  germany here ( near munich ), 
  i get a pretty [ funky download pattern ] ( http://i.imgur.com/no68eh8.png ) over here . 
  the x axis is about 7 minutes long and the highest peaks are about 5500 kb/s high . 
  my speed normally is about 6000 - 6200 kb/s . 
  i 'm using standard settings . 
  do you need it off your desk ? 
  because one way you could at least make it more stable without modifying anything is to bolt some metal plates on your stick and throttle and glue some rubber feet on it . 
  it should n't cost that much to get 2 thick metal plates and a drill for the holes . 
  if you can screenshot these pages , you probably have access to the entire internal wiki and the bug tracker . 
  and that is a huge problem . 
  watch out for suction cups , they get quite wiggly when you apply lateral force to them . 
  if you are going the route of bolting a plate on it , consider buying heavy metal plates and use rubber feet like i suggested . 
   looks like n'ziwasogo, 
  there needs to be an app that shows you this stuff in real time :d imagine the guy having that information ... sweet mother of justice, 
  have you ever tried to rip a side mirror off a car ? 
  i think he might get hurt worse than the fun is worth it . 
  i 'd need a 2560x1080 for my now 21:9 monitor , 
  i did a test last year with really good and expensive headphones ( beyerdynamic , sennheiser , sony , ... ) which i investigated for 2 weeks . 
  bought all of them at once and tested them against my g35 and g930 for 3 days . 
  the only ones that really impressed me were the sennheiser hd598 but the 350 $ price point and the fact that it had no mic were pretty bad to me and i could n't justify keeping them . 
  and do n't give me any `` just buy a lav mic or the antmic '' because i did that and the lav mic was shit and antmics are sold out by default and cost ~ 50 $ a piece . 
  i know the g35s and g930s are not the best headphones on the market , but the price of about 120 $ , the pretty decent mic and the extra buttons on the headphones makes them the best solution for me . 
  thaanks , i just really like it when battlestations are posted where you can zoom into the details on the table and you can definitely not do that with that quality , 
  i may fix the center issue , but the issue here is that there is not much space left on the right, 
  yeah i glued that thing there about 10 years ago . 
  it 's a shitty hub but i ca n't tear it off unless i want to destroy the table ... 
  nope , the left one is a trackir cam  ( you can see the `` horn '' on my g35 headset that has the ir-leds ), 
  okay guys , calm down about the potato quality comment  i was just underwhelmed with the quality as soon as you zoom in a little . 
  i really like to zoom into the details of the battlestations posted here so i was disappointed by my photo . 
  oh i really would love to have someone with a good dslr to take some battlestation-porn worthy photos of my rig , 
  oh and it was taken with an iphone 6 , so yeah it 's a 800 $ camera with phone attached, 
  i made a ( crude and shitty ) aluminium plate at work with the holes drilled for the screws and others to mount it on my desk . 
  only problem i have is that it 's not detachable right now and that interferes with writing a little bit . 
  [ you can pretty much do the same with a thick sheet metal , a drill and 8 screws ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xqiz2e1.jpg ) ( do n't mind the fucked up corner of the table , 
  i replied to the parent comment, 
  i replied to the parent comment, 
  oh yeah i really do n't remember . 
  that desk is like 10 + years old and has seen many living rooms since ... 
  i think it was an ikea table back then, 
  i replied [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/battlestations/comments/30laei/i_made_a_219_upgrade_to_my_flightsim/cptkb9r ), 
  yep that 's exactly the one i got about 10 years ago, 
  i have n't got much time to test it yet but i 'm already impressed with the extra screenspace, 
  sorry , not much space left on the right but i 'll fix it , i promise :-p, 
  i 'm fortunate enough to work at a metal manufacturer and just sawed off the edges , did some grinding to round them off and drilled the holes . 
  it could have taken half the thickness and it would still wok out great . 
  game is a blast with my setup . 
  the warthog is great   but < < be prepared to buy pedals because you have no twist on the stick !, 
  the best thing about the warthog is that there is a little analog knob on the throttle where your middle finger sits and you can use it to strafe vertically and horizontally ingame if needed . 
  one thing i hate about the warthog is that all but 2 of the switches on the throttle are toggles . 
  i might mod them to tactile switches but i had n't had the time to do it ... also the spring on the joystick is pretty hard and i might buy a custom spring ... 
  but the good side is that you can easily mod it , 
  i do n't like the hard spring in the joystick and the toggle switches on the throttle but i might mod them to my liking . 
  otherwise it 's fantastic !, 
  it just feels so good having that cold metal joystick in your hand while killing space pirates, 
  i definitely need those fur seats !, 
  for anyone interested in my setup :, 
  ( roughly from top left to bottom right ), 
  - camera trackir 5,
