  this monitor gives me exactly what i wanted : i can tune my trackir settings from speed 1.5 to speed 1.0 which gives you much smoother headmovement and a more realistic feeling . 
  also :, 
  - i do n't have a tv , so a bigger monitor for movies is great, 
  - 4k is a little crazy for gaming . 
  although i got a gtx980 i doubt i could play any games in that resolution, 
  - i do regret a little bit that i did n't take the 1440p 21:9 screen . 
  but i did n't want to spend another $ 300 ( almost double what i paid ), 
  honestly : meh . 
  if you get them new , the biggest problem is the really hard snap-back to center . 
  this is fucking unbearable especially when playing helicopter sims . 
  i did a mod to it where you chip off an internal component that causes that snap-back and it made it better but you lose the bump for center position . 
  i did n't try any other but if you want to go really fucking balls to the walls crazy with your setup then check [ mfg crosswinds ] ( http://mfg.simundza.com/mfgcrosswind.php ) out . 
  the only other cheap option afaik are saiteks rudder pedals and i read ( while investigating before i bought chs ) that ch peddals are better . 
  nope , i need at least 3 columns for teamspeak , monitoring the system and steam . 
  i ca n't do that with a vertical monitor, 
  that 's true i guess , if i would close the steam window i could rotate ... if i could  this pos does n't even have a vesa mount ... 
  it 's an old usb hub that i do n't use anymore because of performance reasons . 
  the only problem with getting it off is that i would rip my whole desk apart doing it , 
  as i replied to others here , it 's a very old desk ( 10 + years ) and i think that it 's from ikea but i really ca n't remember . 
  it 's for the little `` horn '' on the above the left earpad . 
  it 's a trackir trackclip pro and it 's basically 3 ir leds that are being recorded by the left camera and it tracks my head movement during gameplay . 
  mostly flight and space sims like, 
  - elite : dangerous, 
  - star citizen, 
  - dcs, 
  - take on helicopters, 
  but i also like roguelikes like, 
  - cataclysm, 
  - vagante, 
  - brogue, 
  and mil-sims like, 
  - arma, 
  currently i play a lot of pillars of eternity, 
  i answered another redditor via direct message the following :, 
  okay i played a couple of games now, 
  - elite : dangerous, 
  - dcs with uh-1h and a-10c, 
  - arma iii, 
  i turned my trackir down from speed 1.5 to 1.0 and it was awesome !, 
  at least for dcs , warthunder and arma . 
  elite dangerous does a bit of a strange thing with the ui as in it does n't spread it out but keeps it the same size as if you had a 16:9 monitor and gives you `` only '' more peripheral vision . 
  the problem comes when you turn your head to look at the 2 side panels left and right . 
  i had to turn speed back up to 1.4 to get better feeling . 
  so my very early verdict is : the $ 400 were absolutely worth it . 
  you feel more immersed since your whole vision is pretty much covered in screen and with the addition of trackir your head movement is more natural . 
  i think if i had no trackir it would n't be such a big update for me . 
  without it it just get you a little more peripheral vision and nothing else . 
  if you do n't have one yet , prefer trackir over a new monitor !, 
  edit : oh and on your question about the interface : non of the above had any problems with it !, 
  perfect performance and no glitches, 
  i was n't happy with it ... it had several flaws like the resolution being too low for reading text and starting games with it was a pain almost every time . 
  most of these issues can ( and hopefully will ) be fixed with newer/final versions though and i 'll buy those i guess , 
  edit : wait a minute , how did you even know i had a dk2 ?? 
  it 's pretty good outside and decent inside . 
  but every 150-200 $ cameras will blow it away due to simple physics , 
  the iphone 6 made the photo and the iphone 4 is with my mum right now and i like hanging obto boxes , my cellar is full of them, 
  fascinating to see how the interior is mostly intact when the front is almost halved in size, 
  yeah , as soon i saw that the video is horizontal made me think `` that guy must be a pro ! '', 
  he must have been one of the 9/11 pilots ... 
  as a local i love the non-locals at octoberfest . 
  as an austrian ( i live in bavaria for 3 years now ) i can tell you that the bavarians joke a lot about they rather would unite with austria than stay with the rest of germany when we talk about heritage and germany as a whole . 
  that seems to be the case . 
  there are a lot of people coming from all around europe and especially non-bavarian-germany to bavaria . 
  bavarians have a reputation for not liking change and wanting to be by themselves and i guess austria is a friendly neighbor with similar accents to bavarian , 
  of course that 's just a stereotype but there is a little truth in every stereotype, 
  octoberfest is fucking huge and a lot of fun to get drunk and meet people . 
  the only thing you need is someone who knows when and where to go on what days or you will wait for hours in front of tent entrances . 
  and you should wear a lederhosen or dirndl . 
  how to cope with drunk tourists for 16 days ? 
  get drunk too , 
  the `` fr\u00fcher war alles besser '' ( back in my time everything was better ) mentality is very strong here . 
  are n't `` they '' always a little nuts everywhere ? 
  it actually is n't expensive . 
  you need to buy beer and food coupons in advance for the whole table ( i think it 's 3 beer and 1 chicken per person and 10 persons per table , so about 450ish euros ) and you 're in . 
  you just habe to preorder at least a year in advance, 
  you can do that with adblock + ?? 
  oh okay then . 
  thanks, 
  i 'm guessing german mobile spell correction . 
  reform , charge and system are german nouns . 
  it 's called aluminium goddammit, 
  ftfy, 
  yup , 
  yes , a common goal but only one of the parties involved can reach that goal . 
  so it 's more like, 
   to strive ~ ~ together ~ ~ against each other towards ~ ~ a common ~ ~ the same goal, 
  all i can tell you is that the 21:9 lg monitors have really shitty stands . 
  i got the uncurved model and would love more flexibility than 2 hight positions . 
  yes they are, 
  i 'm not quite sure what to respond to that ? 
  it is absolutely legitimate to complain about the stand since, 
  - he did n't ask specifically for panel quality, 
  - i did n't claim to rate the panel, 
  - not everyone has the option to mount with vesa, 
  - if 2 products are basically the same everything ( including panel quality and price ) i would absolutely buy the one with the better stand out of the box, 
  - every vesa mount costs money, 
  did his fucking seat break ?? 
  that ca n't be some kind of safety feature , that 's just piss poor build quality . 
  looks like they just bolted some wooden chairs in there ... 
  took me 4 times watching it and reading the comments to see the 2 white cars makes the mistakes ... i was fixated on the car in front of the cammer and was wondering what he did wrong,
