  ehh even if the parents are morons , you should n't buy kids anything if you do n't know that the parents agree . 
  kids have to be raised with clear boundaries and they always try to push them to the limit . 
  if strangers , or even family members , are more liberal and let them stretch those boundaries you ca n't control your kids at home anymore . 
  according to another comment in this thread he can not yell all he want 's because the cop was right and it was disorderly conduct . 
  probably worded that wrong , that 's what i meant with parents are morons . 
  of course , there is no questions that those parents are shitheads , but there is always another side of the coin . 
  i just pointed out why i never give anything to kids unless they are in an emergency or i know the parents very good . 
  and even if i get fucked by the parents after helping a child in an emergency , i still helped a child in an emergency ... 
  yep , we had a neighbor couple that was harassing us because we did n't feed our cat enough . 
  thais logic was : `` when cat is eating food , it must be hungry , therefore the owner did n't feed it properly . '', 
  so they fed her every day , even after we forbid them to feed her . 
  problem is , that the cat gained 4kg in 1 year because of that . 
  since we moved we put her on a diet and it slowly goes down again , but it 's a fucking pain in the ass to put a cat on a diet ... 
  i like it , but i don ' really have reference with other manufacturers . 
  i definitively like it better than the maxxer , mxu is more stable and with the irs you get a much better offroad experience . 
  in the next weeks we will try a motocross park , i guess the maxxer will perform better there . 
  main reason why i bought it was that in germany 15 % of all quads and atvs are kymco , so there is a lot of spare part availibility, 
  you can still criticize them for going against their own rules . 
  my point was n't on how they do thing , my point was that the german gov. 
  can criticize them for it . 
  i frequent a couple of forums and i see spare parts for sale all the time . 
  as for the irs , i can stay behind my buddy pretty good . 
  it depends mostly on how much pressure you put in your tires , since rhe suspensions seems to be pretty fucking hard, 
  yeah i meant used space parts . 
  since my mxu 500 is used anyways i do n't mind that . 
  wikipedia is telling me that 16 % of new quads are kymco , while only 3.4 % are yamaha ( at least in 2009 ), 
  [ source ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/quad#neuzulassungen_in_deutschland_2009 ), 
  i live between munich and augsburg . 
  and the plates are supposed to be blurred :p, 
  edit : i found supporting statistics from swiss , where they also got a huge market share, 
  [ you have to download the quad.xls file ] ( http://www.motosuisse.ch/de/statistik_moto_2014.html ), 
  imogen heap is amazing !, 
  mostly vocals , electrically altered . 
  edit : also , great sexy-time-music , 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  that should help with more than 50 % of your problems . 
  just unscrew both devices and remove all burrs and lube the shit out of it . 
  retighten all screws . 
  the only things you have left then are the switches and the slew stick . 
  the alternative is sending it back for exchange . 
  i do n't see how this would be a hit to your bank account . 
  just do n't open it before you decide to return it . 
  edit : btw , i got mine about 2 years ago and it works perfectly ever since . 
  so i guess you have a high chance of getting a proper working one . 
  also if you return it , tm would make sure you get a proper working one if you returned it already . 
  i work in qc and i can tell you that these things happen . 
  doing 100 % qc would be far too costly , so they probably do something like 20 % per batch . 
  just return it and let them send you a working one . 
  that 's why you have guarantee on this stuff . 
  afaik no and no, 
  it 's just the character creation , which is completely narrative . 
  skill of that barber aside , am i the only one who would never get a haircut like that because my hair would grow back in like 12 hours and all the shaving would be completely unnecessary by then ? 
  really ? 
  great job on blurring the faces ... 
  as a german , my head just exploded, 
  one advice : do n't run . 
  buy a bike . 
  my father started running with 300pnds 10 years ago ( is now at 180pnds ) and last year he needed a knee replacement because of that . 
  like you said , nightmare fuel was actually pretty fucking cool . 
  had a very `` saw '' like feeling to it . 
   rick , my insides still do n't feel quite right , could i get that colonoscopy robot up in me again please ? 
  i know it 's the sixth time , i know . 
  sorry , i really think i need one more try . 
  ftfy, 
  yep , i know what you 're talking about . 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/dgoo2h1bwke?t=39 ) is the video as the tandem guy rips my hand off the railings ... 
  biggest problem right now is that it is ripping the eu apart like a piece of paper in a shredder . 
  not that this was n't bound to happen , but with the greek crisis this could do serious damage to the whole continent . 
   windows are just holes in the wall, 
  you do n't say !, 
  ridiculously filmogenic thief ? 
  it 's even i the [ dictionary ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=filmogenic ) !, 
  wow , why would any motorized sports-park allow alcohol on their grounds ? 
  that 's just asking for trouble ... 
  i 'm conflicted if this really belongs here ? 
  of course draining the tank is done by completely removing the whole thing , then buying a new , filled one from epson with gaspson ^ tm . 
  none-epson ones will not work because there is an ifrd chip on it that will prevent your car from starting cause regular fuel will totally destroy your car !, 
  did ... did they ... source themselves ? 
  of course , how would you fuck unreal dicks ? 
  was there a fucking laugh track in a court show ?? 
  the audience did n't seem too amused and still there was audible laughter all the time, 
  her walking need some work though ... 
  i 'm slightly pro refugees , but this videos does n't have the same neutral feeling to it like the others . 
  yay for germany !, 
  if it really is turning out that one sided and only those things talked about in the video come true , germany will reassure it 's position in the world , at least economically , for the next dozens of years . 
  i 'm not saying that they got anything wrong . 
  i 'm just seeing other aspects of this crisis that i think should have been mentioned in this video . 
  for example the threat of isis members among the refugees or thousands of economical refugees that ride along those who really need the asylum . 
  i think the main reason why the audience is so divided here , is because this hits really close to home for most people and they feel personally invested in the situation . 
  i 'm assuming that the main audience of kurzgesagt is white and european , so things like the immune system , racism and neutron stars would not really affect your daily life , while a `` bunch of wild refugees '' could potentially harm you and your loved ones . 
  edit : a word, 
  yes , a lot !, 
  this was about 10 years ago , now there are more than 10 times more bosses and raids to do . 
  i 've quit a long time ( like 6 years ago ) though , so probably someone else can provide more accurate information . 
  i kinda miss it , but i tried to get into it 2 years after i quit , but it just burnt me out for any kind of mmo . 
  you could buy a simple wooden board the size of your room ( or any other ) , 2 hinges and 2 chains and wallmount it . 
  this setup even takes less time to set up than a standard ironing table . 
  [ something like that ] ( http://800afaucet.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/furniture-creative-diy-wall-mounted-drop-down-study-table-for-small-spaces-ideas-wall-mounted-drop-leaf-table-brown-wall-mounted-drop-leaf-table-wall-mounted-drop-leaf-table-for-small.jpg ), 
  as a guy i sometimes really want to know how it feels to go completely bottomless to a party . 
  i mean skirts are one thing , but that ... shirt ?
