  what could be changed is how hard we leave , and that was not part of the vote , so is still up for discussion even by your standards . 
  no stone throwing needed , as i completely agree with you . 
  unfortunately , i think it unlikely that mr blair will have to face any charges . 
  however , several of or soldiers have been convicted for such things . 
  as a briton married to a yugoslav , i think that is a shitty thing to say . 
  in my opinion , neither croatia or serbia should be allowed into europe without a lot more investigation into the war crimes . 
  my wife is now serbian , but was happy ( probably because of ignorance of politics ) as a yugoslav . 
  there is no need to make it worse with with statement that only prove your nationalism , rather than your intelligence . 
  it is very disappointing to see this downvoted - it is a perfectly reasonable question about how to say something in a language that is not his own . 
  i do hope that all those who downvoted are perfect in at least two languages . 
  which is what happens in the uk . 
  as a result we can buy stuff pretty much any time , in any reasonably-sized town . 
  it 's better than my czech  . 
  you should n't worry - you made your statement clear when asked . 
  of course not . 
  in general , you are whatever you see yourself as ( obviously within some limits , 
  not that this is really the place to discuss this , but ... 
  i thought the same , but then it was pointed out to me that there is a good reason to call it `` marriage '' - when visiting other countries with whom we have treaties that recognise our marriages , it allows rights for homosexual couples that would not be there if they are called civil partners . 
  for example , if a gay couple went to most of the usa and one partner gets ill , the other one can be denied access by the hospital if they are not `` married '' . 
  sadly the word is important . 
  i disagree . 
  i honestly see myself as british , then ( mostly ) english . 
  it may help that i had a welsh grandmother and an irish grandfather , and there is supposed to be some lowland scot in the mix , too , but further back . 
  it would n't let me leave it blank - i had to put an answer . 
  i put vatican city for the same reason . 
  yes , i realised that after i had posted my comment . 
  i should have edited . 
  why do you say they do their job ok ? 
  i 'm not certain what they do . 
  then i am afraid you do not understand satire . 
  for an initial look , try [ the dictionary defintion ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/satire?s=t ) also , `` funny '' is very personal , and things that you find funny would not be amusing to me , and vice versa . 
  what makes you think there is a separation of state and church in europe ? 
  i can think of at least 4 countries that have an establised church , and two of those have a `` church tax '' . 
  in addition , there are several european countries that have catholicism as a state religion . 
  that said , i think we should have such a separation , but we definitely do not at present . 
  sadly i think you are correct . 
  why should i be subject to the same restrictions that a religious person has voluntarily chosen to accept . 
  it is blasphemy if a religious person commits it . 
  it is merely freedom of speech if i do it , because i am not part of the religion . 
  why is it ok to mock any other viewpoints , but not someone 's religious viewpoint ? 
  if it is not ok to mock either , the political satire has had its day . 
  mockery is a perfectly legitimate way of disagreeing with a viewpoint . 
  the `` why '' is not important , at least not to you . 
  it is important to me , because it is my belief . 
  you should not question my belief . 
  please note that i do not actually believe that you should n't question my beliefs , but this does seem to be the position of many religious people . 
  the real `` why ? '', 
  is because i think it is a perfectly reasonable way to have a discussion . 
  if someone wishes to make fun of my beliefs , so what ? 
  why should religion be the exception ? 
  i can make fun of your politics , but not of your religion ? 
  an utterly silly idea . 
  not so . 
  you were respectful of their beliefs , but disrespectful of mine , by saying that i can not make fun of them . 
  `` respect '' of all postions is impossible . 
  no , they are welcome to protest . 
  they are not welcome to incite , or engage in , violence . 
  killing people is rather different from protesting . 
   but making fun of the faith of other people is not and never will be the right of anyone . 
  why not . 
  it does n't actually harm them . 
  there is an english saying `` sticks and stones may break my bones , but names will never hurt me . '', 
  i think this applies here , and in the case of the muslim stuff going on at the moment . 
  no , there really is n't . 
  it is impossible to have a line between those two things , because my definition of `` making fun '' of something will be completely different from yours . 
   ( based on a true story ) so probably complete bollocks , then ? 
   ( belgium , france . . doesnt matter much ) yes it does - otherwise it is impossible to check if it is true . 
  it seems to me that you are just posting a rumour . 
  and now it says `` dutch election : pro-europe vvd and labour parties win '' . 
  fair enough . 
  in which case we are not far below the other low end countries . 
  it is still not true to say that we ar different from the rest of the eu . 
  we may be at the bottom , but it is a continuum of opinion from the uk , up through greece , bulgaria , latvia , cyprus , italy and up wards . 
  there is no massive gap between us and everyone else - we just happen to be at the bottom . 
  the gap from us down to turkey ** is ** massive , so having us the same colour as them is disingenous . 
  while interesting , that chart has a serious problem . 
  it lumps the uk in with turkey , but it is quite possible that 54 % of the uk feels european . 
  because of the massive lowest band , it is currently meaningless . 
  that looks very like [ mine ] ( http://www.politicaltest.net/test/result/153701/ ) . 
  apparently i am a liberal cosmopolitan . 
  i 'm not sure what the second bit implies . 
  ninja edit : add in the description . 
  the question `` our race has many superior qualities , compared with other races '' is ambiguous - does it mean the human race , or the more narrow `` white/english/french '' etc ? 
  i ca n't answer this , because my answers will be misinterpreted . 
  therefore i will not do the test . 
  i have to admit that it can go too far . 
  recent rulings in the eu have meant that it is illegal to have different costs of insurance for men and women , even though the discrimination is thoroughly reasonable based on many years of actuarial study . 
  as it happens , i also agree with you . 
  both parties go into this with their eyes open , and they have other options . 
  it is well known that clubs do plenty of stuff to encourage women inside , specifically so that the club does n't become a sausage fest . 
  but you know that 's not true . 
  for example , it is illegal to discriminate on the grounds of race , even in the us . 
   female circumcision is designed to , and has the effect of , eliminating or severely reducing the woman 's ability to feel sexual pleasure . 
  and male circumcision has the same effect on men , too . 
  it says that there are no figures for stockholm . 
  and some things do n't , so your answer is unhelpful . 
  perhaps if you explain why it might be different ? 
  and you did n't answer my question . 
  why is london trading equivalent to piracy ? 
  why do you say `` piracy '' ?
