  i missed many things , in my opinion problems should be prevented rather than cured . 
  everyone 's interests should be pondered by political effort . 
  last years things did n't work right . 
  i do n't deny responsibilities , i wanted to discredit this article which is shovelling shit on rome affirming false facts , that i could debate one by one : here we go :  rome 's prestige in ruins as ancient city drowns in rubbish , rats sensationalistic title , is this the thesis ? 
  will see if the author carries inherent arguments . 
   by europe correspondent lisa millar , updated 38 minutes ago i commented this morning , not 38 minutes ago  a majority of romans believe their city is in a state of decay . 
  yes , by italian nature , multiple times debated in the sub , italians gon na complain  rome is in danger of drowning in its own rubbish . 
  absolutelly not true , rome started a differentiation rubbish program five years ago and it works , there have never been rubbish piles  beautiful old buildings in tourist and residential districts are covered in graffiti . 
  yes , unfortunatelly . 
  here graffiti removal is rarely enforced . 
   earlier this month , the ticket office for a popular historic tourist site was closed temporarily after rat blood dropped onto a desk . 
  officials played down the problem , but workers said they were being overwhelmed with rats now , as well as garbage . 
  [ one case ] [ where ? 
  ] [ citation needed ] there are for sure rats in rome , but there are foxes , boars , dog , cats , birds too . 
  i saw a rat one time all my life , around a river zone . 
   a newspaper poll recently showed a majority of romans believe their city is in a state of decay , and its international prestige is being damaged . 
  opinion  ten million tourists and pilgrims visit annually . 
  fact [ opinion on what romans think about it , missing ] [ residents ` frustrated ' , state of degradation , verge of collapse , decay terms are used in a generic way , off topic ] [ graffiti are a problem ]  corruption , mafia entities blamed for most of rome 's problems everybody blame everybody , color me surprised . 
   the city 's residents will vote for a new mayor in may . 
  it is a powerful position overseeing a population of almost three million . 
   scandal forced the last mayor out and an administrator was put in charge . 
  very more complicate than these words let interpret . 
   some have suggested it is the best thing that could have happened for the ancient city , which has long been neglected . 
  lol , a part of the city certenly thought that , yet another opinion is that last major did n't like mafias around every businesses and acfually did something to stop them , so he was taken care by something called mud machine . 
   however , finding a way to return the italian capital to its past glory will be a challenge for the new mayor . 
  wow such deep thoughts is the thesis that rome is under rubbish and rats dismissed now ? 
  people can be as much close as you want , but when it comes to interests , egocentric states bad behave towards others . 
  this behavior ca n't keep on forever . 
  http://www.italy24.ilsole24ore.com/art/business-and-economy/2015-08-17/italy-s-steel-production-fell-106percento-the-first-half--173926.php?uuid=acrnyni thank you , europe . 
  i do really think italy should leave this egocentric kindergarten eu has become, 
  rome is not dirtier than it has been last decade . 
  also , rome city is not that dirty . 
  on the other hand , if touristic spots are dirty we know who 's to blame . 
  the whole problem though is caused mainly by inefficiency of cleaning services . 
  finally services are missing because of a 5 billion hole in debts . 
  ^ olive, 
  the important extracts , that totally change the meaning of these data : 51 % of pensions erogated in 2015 were of assistential nature . 
  the under 750 euro pensions were 63 % of the ( total of pensions ) minus ( those of who worked for the public administration ) . 
  selfieless last time i heard it, 
  lesson 2 : how to get pron, 
  5 ) a european jason bourne, 
  in glorious southern western europe you never leave your home , thats our secret, 
  wo n't ever learn . 
  everybody is talking about secrets , when the only data agencies should share are those to prevent terrorism . 
  tell that to monnalisa, 
  i fully agree on the point . 
  just saying that from a normal european state observer , this methodology could be considered the best . 
  while we italians really understand why this is bs in our context . 
  i was noting that there has been like 10 threads this last two years on this same chart . 
  i 'd like to make it clear `` corruption '' in italy costs italy money , not europe . 
  european policies , on different topics , theft money from italy too . 
  altough italy rests a net contributor to eu budget . 
  italy is a founder member , fourth european power , 60 million people . 
  it has aleays been a strong supporter of european integration , untill last crisis begin . 
  since those years italian consensus to more integration has fallen . 
  i 'd like to know what is europe doing to help fighting corruption . 
  from an italian point of view , european project has never been so weak . 
  we have talked about this topic many many times , perception of corruption apparently is one of best ways to detect and misure it . 
  although , it really does n't represent the truth , as we italians can extrapolate from a research conducted this way , here in these threads people really do n't understand corruption the italian way and italian way of complaining . 
  also half the country do think something on the other half , there isnt a diffused opinion , people surely talk out of their knowledge . 
  you can see professor 's red house from here . 
  [ all the world ] ( http://imgur.com/9ps82pz.jpeg ) apparently [ italian source ] ( http://it.ibtimes.com/lexport-delle-armi-italiane-un-giro-daffari-di-90-miliardi-di-euro-1409514# ) , not my work . 
  i agree too . 
  as consequence of catholic church influence on part of population , lack of appropriate education , provincialism . 
  though the portraited situation is far from integration reality , which is western europe level . 
  bigotism in italy is confined to random bad looks and nonexistent political representation , which carried to no matrimonial rights , untill senate should pass the law this year . 
  have you got a sister ? 
  funny indeed, 
  pisa normale and milan , turin politecnici get mention too, 
  honest question , does macedonia mean fruit salad in your language ? 
  yeah and costa azzurra , savoia and corsica are french since french government imposed french language . 
  instead , italian government tuteled minorities . 
  dutch can into spice ? 
  its not absurd if you think most of southern regions get back more than they pay in taxes . 
  its not absurd either that the region became wealthy through years , with this agevolated regime . 
  false . 
  `` special status regions '' get more pro capite money than other regions . 
  there is nothing like federal fiscal system in italy . 
  we italians prefere to keep our gold in foreign banks, 
  rome 8100 city center, 
  like they made as a collant between french and germans, 
  [ il commissario montalbano ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/inspector_montalbano_ ( tv_series \\ ) ) by italian rai television , a sicilian police detective adventures himself thorough homicide cases . 
  old show , then they did a * giovane montalbano * , a season in which they show the young detective starting his career , now they are doing another season airing at the moment . 
  it 's a genre . 
  also , i do n't know if it is dubbed in other languages . 
  ( yes it is , maybe hard to find ), 
  i really like french , spoken by females . 
  fresch guys talk seems rude to me . 
  otherwise , secondly , i like spanish, 
  it 's because reddit is not known . 
  fortunately . 
  now even fifties use facebook and other internet things , but they do not know reddit . 
  also , a small percentage of people likely is proficient in english ( probably under 30 % of youngs ) , and probably , excluding chats , a little percentage of people is attached 24h to the net, 
  i am italian and not a programmer , ama ? 
  if you stay there and think about all the bad things about italian mess , it 's all caused by lack of legal and tuteled employment of the youth . 
  my theory is elder generations broke italy 's future and it 's hard to rebuild , it will take time . 
  we have tourists , who cares, 
  we are pretty neat with ham : cooked ham , not cooked ham , speck would simply be prosciutto crudo affumicato, 
  / r/trees, 
  never heard of troy ??
