  i think either 1 or 2 then . 
   500 ha how cute , my uncivilized connationals already burned 26000 ha ~ ~ since the start of the year ~ ~ last month . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.google.it/amp/www.lastampa.it/2017/07/13/italia/cronache/incendi-bruciati-mila-ettari-due-morti-in-calabria-pvwxphaiauwiukd0va9edo/amphtml/pagina.amp.html ), 
  bread and nutella in italy . 
  alternatively , biscuits . 
  toast and jam otherwise . 
  some go with cereals . 
  milk , chocolate or barley mixed too . 
  no coffe for children . 
  a fruit is recommended but rarely eaten . 
  it is given at school . 
  if we are talking about the same thing , military ally , then i would say usa , germany and france , in this order . 
  a complete [ list ] ( https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/animali_nazionali ), 
  it is n't official , though it is considered the most fitting . 
  a little curiosity : the canis lupus italicus population has risen from 100 to 2000 units in the last 40 years . 
  tldr yes . 
  three books . 
  one each year of the last three of high school . 
  ( in the meanwhile you do every other author in italian literature from 1200ad , it is done in parallel ) . 
  you ca n't really do every canto , 33 per book , so you start with the most important ones , in order . 
  usually you end doing between 1/2 and 3/4 of all by the end of the year . 
  i had a good teacher and she explained herself the text after reading it . 
  she added things , truductions and links to alternative sources , than there was written on the book , in the footnotes . 
  the page ended up being completely annotated by pencil . 
  we did 3-4 at a time , then we had to study everything of them and there was a exam , either written or interrogation . 
  you had to remember at least perfect traduction to pass . 
  a marginal note : the language it is written in is quite difficult to understand without practice , and even then , many things are not understandable by an italian speaker . 
  its study , along with all the other literature has been the most difficult class , apart maybe for philosofy , at studying for me . 
  it is done in every liceo , where about 60 % of people go . 
  inferno is the most fun . 
  purgatorio is meh . 
  paradiso is the most allegoric and very theological . 
  all of them must be deeply contextualized to be appreciated . 
  many 17 are changed into 16bis as street numbers and interns . 
  they would be less valuable otherwise . 
  and yes room 17 is never there . 
  not many buildings have more than 17 floors , so i do n't know . 
  casino royale , one of my favourite films ever . 
  also the recent john wick 2 , but generally many films have some italian actor in the cast , especially when set in italy . 
  probably everyone who barely knows you would let you in , as is courtesy , but they would n't like it . 
  they would n't if there was n't a reason though . 
  people who appears at someone 's door when they are acquantainces would be considered weird . 
  relatives would call beforehand . 
  a friend that shows up without notifying is quite rude , if not a surprise for something , but he would be invited in everytime . 
  in general , strangers ca n't get in , we are tought to be diffident . 
  official technicians are ok , but only adults can get adults in . 
  i believe the italian american restaurants do n't get even close to what the same ingredients would have been cooked in italy . 
  i 've seen this same story come from famous and valued chefs hundreds of times . 
  therefore i think it 's a different food culture and tastes i ca n't judge ; but i remind them every time they 're not italian preparations . 
  most do n't believe me first , then they do n't care . 
  it 's ok . 
  also , spaghetti westerns ' set, 
  everything they find . 
  journalists can get fined up to 20k euro though ( often used for political scandals , or they can get accused of defamation in civil lawsuit ) . 
  the public agent that diffused secret documents can get prison years . 
  about crimes , often the media report every piece of news even if not true , they clickbait titles , they report false `` quotations '' or sum them up , rarely cite the source . 
  basics and culture : school advanced courses at young age : private group lessons / travels / certification exams improvement : alone with music , films and series then reddit ; i think i can understand really anything but irl i have to make some effort to deliver a good speech . 
  ( with some sporadic errors ), 
  theresa may not tonight . 
  brexit will be though for english people . 
  fantastic for english capital owners . 
  same in italy , taxes included . 
  in restaurants , you can leave the change as a tip . 
  one or two times during storms in twenty years , five minutes each . 
  it happens way more often that i turn on too much stuff and the life-saver kicks in, 
  3/4 times a week . 
  in summer even everyday . 
  but we use the bidet for ass igene . 
  30 is considered the top one . 
  the starting size 's decided by the principals and depends on the size of the rooms in the school , seriously . 
  we were around 23/19/26 at elem/middle/high school . 
  nato 's plan for cold war was atomic deterrence . 
  for italy , there was plan to extensively bomb with nukes any invasion from yugoslavia . 
  the dishes go in the dishwasher . 
  usually the pots get washed by hand , soap and sponge first , rinse later and then dry by the air . 
  kidnap the queen / s, 
  ok , prices in ee are equal or higher than we . 
  you 're right . 
  must find another reason to this perversion of making worse products for specific countries . 
  that 's wildly false . 
  you can say they are rising , but the economic mechanisms need time to change . 
  i mean that final product price rises because intermediate materials price rises as well , as well as bills , as workforce . 
  though the ingredients remain the ones that were before . 
  mayonnaise or ketchup are the most popular . 
  all this story is ridiculously common sense obvious . 
  theres western products brands that could a ) export the same products to countries where prices are really lower , b ) do nothing , c ) produce new products and keep the branding . 
  they almost all went for c ) , therefore the similar products are being made locally , with different ingredients , to satisfy local taste , an to keep the costs low enough to compete with other similar products . 
  is n't this common sense ? 
  would eastern europe buy a 4x more expensive international brand over the local products and prices ? 
  on the last paragraph of the question : if the cheaper local ingredients are also worse in quality , no doubt the final product is too . 
  250 ml on average, 
  italian speaking people understand the most spanish , even more than other unofficial languages of italy . 
  most italians studied the basics of either spanish , french or english though . 
  in rome , drinking outside costs a lot : 5-6 $ pint of beer , 5 $ glass of wine , 2,5 $ little bottle of beer in cheap stores ( during summer it 's not allowed after 22.00 ) , 8-10 $ drink , 3-4 $ shots . 
  drinking at home is not a thing , but at the store alcohol is pretty cheap . 
  0,5 $ a bottle of beer , 2-4 $ bottle of wine , 8-10 $ bottle of alcohol . 
  i hardly spend more than 15 $ to drink when i go out for a mix of things but i do n't ever want to get completely drunk , and i know cheaper places . 
  to break ^ in, 
  the glass vault containing it is italian , 
  similarly in italy , though he could buy building plot ( google translate ) in the first place .
