  could we have a larger spawn of time ? 
  ( source ? ), 
  living costs are nowhere close , though . 
  but delta of median income is bigger . 
  now i can clearly see how your mentality is superior , your logic is flawless, 
  [ 50000 illegal immigrants to italy , 150000 to greece , since january ] ( http://www.infodata.ilsole24ore.com/2016/06/01/profughi-italia-dallinizio-del-2016-ad-oggi-arrivati-47-740-migranti/ ) , 2000 recollocated in total . 
  now , greece route should have been alted , while mediterranean one will have its peak this summer . 
  thats why i meant lowering it in euros before the bang . 
  sorry , misleading, 
  sure . 
  i think if it ever leaves it would face great difficulties in the first years , but i think it would be positive in the long term . 
  the first obvious point is italy should devaluate a national currency and this could possibly never end . 
  though , things were going well before apart from the public debt , which had other interests that those italy has now . 
  italy faced a big challenge in 2011 , when speculation hit hard , interests went up to 10x those that are now , for no serious reason , just speculation . 
  the best thing for italy now could possibly lower the public debt the fastest possible and then leave the euro , so that manufacture and industry may grow again and employment rise to pre crisis levels or more , we would be the new poland of europe , no offence , but better . 
  just look at italian employment force usage : [ italy has potential , 15 % growth in employable force , in comparison to germany ] ( http://imgur.com/sv2opou.jpg ) . 
  it depends on too many things . 
  yurop could do infinite things people would love to see . 
  now west continentwide it 's seen as a money vacuum , a political pulling the buck and a macroeconomics disaster . 
  true but not true . 
  it 's like saying it 's goalkeeper 's fault for the goal . 
  sure his ability is important , but he needs defence , not attackers , from his allies . 
  italy . 
  as for the last 15 years it has not seen growth . 
  and as politically in the eu it can not push the easiest things anymore . 
  at the moment there is not such sentiment , even if the storic high favourable view has sinked to the lowest . 
  but if european selfish states will leave italy alone towards a financial crisis another time , i see this happening . 
  not good for the entire continent . 
   implying they ever entered, 
  yes . 
  that was called hotel . 
  the point is , `` hosting '' has changed name therefore it escapes law . 
  then put a tax on any form of `` hosting '' , do not ban things to keep a privilege . 
  it 's the same with uber ... 
  then , 60 margheritas or 37 elaborated pizzas . 
  do you want it round or squared ? 
  nah , it 's probably caused by low vatican vat tax , wine smuggled into rome . 
  at least in italy , entire new cities were planned and built in rampant futuristic ideal of `` perfection '' and `` utility '' , a century ago . 
  these megalomaniac projects achieved mixed results , some of the smaller went towards a good outcome ; though , nowadays most deal with a grey dead soul , or at best , outdated aestetics . 
  the ultimate , flawless infrastructure question is another big utopic conception . 
  the `` smartyness '' is buzzword as far as it is concerned architecture , imho . 
  1 year `` shit ! '', 
  i call this now , italy 's 2016 gdp increase will be 2,5 %, 
  you mean in america , right ? 
  yes i immediately edited up . 
  it 's not a poor source though : reading from wikipedia : the agenzia nazionale stampa associata ( ansa ) is the leading wire service in italy , and one of the leaders among world news agencies . 
  ansa is a not-for-profit cooperative , whose members and owners are 36 leading news organizations in italy . 
  its mission is the distribution of fair and objective news reporting . 
  [ source in italian that literally says `` they have been found '' ] ( http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/mondo/2016/05/19/aereo-egyptair-da-parigi-a-cairo-scompare-dai-radar-_1b1dbe80-cf25-4831-97f8-f5dad704ae5d.html ) but as you say , no certain source , officials stated different versions . 
  you are right on the symmetrical system qualities , we call it perfect bicameralism for a reason , although our societies are totally different and time 's changed . 
  firstly , italy has serious economically relevant problems , the north-south division , the immigration theme , and the european management , that helvetia has not . 
  national politics reflects these wide problematics in a conflictual matter , the opposite of the concept used by past governments of finding common grounds and making coalitions . 
  therefore a more powerful government since the 2008 crisis , in which time span italian potential richness reduced of a fourth , is needed . 
  this constitutional reform is not aiming at reducing costs ( wich will not ) but at giving governments a parliament which will not do what has done till nowadays : try to make the government fail . 
  because contitutional parlamentary duty should be to make laws , something it has n't done since 1992 ( metaphorically ) , which has been delegated to the government action , which is wrong , something could carry to totalitarism . 
  so how can a law that : 1 exclude the secondary camera of discussion 2 give a majority bonus to the elected gov by head of state after a election not to go dramatically in that direction ? 
  we do n't know for sure ; the elction of the head of state is a point , but somewhat weak . 
  the shortness of 5 years of mandate should be another barrier . 
  also , the fragmentation of the electorate should keep the parliament partition far from being a bipartisanship . 
  so , will a stronger accentration of power into the national government be useful for the nation ? 
  yes , but it kinda depends on the goodness * of the people composing it . 
  * corruption , management , economics , ideas , ability and ethics wise [ imho ] , edits : grammar , sense, 
  black boxes have been found, 
  damn , italy is -49,6 at 2600 meters in the pala group in the alps . 
  on the other hand , the record in lowland is -26,2 in bologna province . 
  yeah , the first week, 
  italian cadence ; italian , spanish and french sounds ; slav influence . 
  no it 's because of the real ports working, 
  and rome is way more expensive in transports, 
  same in italian, 
  metal on sand on metal in emergency brakes, 
  ... and geography, 
  how would you repel illegal immigrants if not with force , on land ? 
  that 's what has always been done . 
  imagine a car passing a fronteer on land speeding at 100 kmh . 
  that person would have been shot . 
  it 's the same , since ever . 
  why would n't it apply in water ? 
  respond to emergency calls , go there , verify if it 's a real emergency . 
  if not , then give them a new ready-to-go engine , fuel , water , food , and leave . 
  patrol national waters and threaten any boat coming in not welcomed . 
  in this case it 's the opposite . 
  last time it happened there was a massive migration too, 
  i agree, 
   there are entire hospitals where all the doctors are objectors , this is not legally allowed , anyway the problem lately has risen in public disapproval ;  or there are so few who do it and so many women who want it , this unfortunately happens a lot , catholics ' influence in politics is to blame indeed . 
  this and similar counter propaganda wo n't make people change their mind, 
  except the other high speed train company chose the [ frecciarossa 1000 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/frecciarossa_1000 ) which is equally good . 
  yes they are . 
  but the law does n't force to adopt a particular national contract if requirements are not satisfied ( ex : the metalworker versus services ), 
  like , our anthem says something similar in the main riff :  siam pronti alla morte , l'italia chiam\u00f2 . 
   we 're ready to die , italy ( homeland ) has called !, 
  honestly , gasoline and highway tools will steal from your budget . 
  usually european big city to big city is cheaper by airplane . 
  check with skyscanner . 
  for a distance below 800 km it could be cheaper and better fast train ( more comfort and station in the city centres directly ) . 
  smaller country cities , at least in italy , they are easily accessible via regional train too . 
  i believe you could be underestimating distances . 
  on reddit and travel forums we get continuous questions about driving tickets ( people who did n't know the limits or could n't read the signs , or for the whole time did n't keep the right , or traffic limited areas , or parking ) . 
  driving in europe is complicated , italy is ( in ) famous to be a driving hell for foreigners . 
  on the other hand , if you want to visit specific places , that are not main touristic cities then you should rent the car .
