you can see them being dropped off at their `` spots '' in the morning . 
  depends if they have to decide on charles or not . 
  i reckon tensions might have been a tad higher during the cuban missile crisis . 
  either he was dirty , or too dumb to realise what was going on . 
  either way makes him a shitty choice . 
  as much as i believe homeopathy is a load of codswallop . 
  it has been shown to have decent rates as a placebo . 
  and i think that if you go to the hospital with a non serious condition , and alarm bells do n't start ringing in your head from someone offering you a bottle of water which has a 1/10000000000 chance of having a molecule of some `` relevant sort '' in it . 
  it is a decent way to reduce medical bills . 
  to be fair if you count greenland they beat us by 1000m . 
  that 's the thing , i do n't like putin . 
  but if i group all russians with him i should expect others to group me with david cameron . 
  and fuck that . 
  ooooh , look at me i 'm danish come see our country 's highest ^ 170m mountain . 
  when i 'm being fancy i say foy-yay , but i get the piss taken out of me . 
  water rates !, 
  uk , used loads . 
  norway not at all . 
  border controls in norway are a joke . 
  a country of 5 million and a border of \u2248 2500km ( france has 2900 ) . 
  it 's pretty much all forest and i 'm not sure if you would even notice crossing the border until you get reach a town . 
  iirc the mongolian navy is a boat manned by 11 people in a lake . 
  i only really classed spain , italy and greece as the countries with stereotypes of being lazy . 
  to be fair , when i go to southern europe it is so much hotter than i am used to all i can be bothered to do is lie on a beach drinking beer . 
  `` i 'm being beaten to shit for being gay , but thank god they did n't try to find me a safer place . 
  that would be homophobic . '', 
  and this is why when snowden came forward he was rewarded with cookies . 
  oh hang on , he was hounded halfway across the globe . 
  i consider myself a citizen of the world . 
  but i grew up in another country with british parents , and i feel like i do n't really have one nationality ( but try telling that to the norwegian government . ), 
  which means i feel like no country is home . 
  [ very shoddy translation here ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.vg.no%2fnyheter%2finnenriks%2futrolige-historier%2fstjal-bil-i-agder-eier-hang-paa-taket-i-90-km-t%2fa%2f23599783%2f ) basically a guy woke up to his car being stolen , ran out in negative 17 degrees in his underwear to stop the thief . 
  but the thief had locked himself in the car . 
  so the owner having failed to stop the car with his bare hands and feet , does the only sensible thing and climbs on top of the roof . 
  after several failed attempts by the thief to shake the owner off the roof , he makes his way to the e18 ( motorway ) and drives along at 90 km/h the owner breaks the back window of the car and shimmies in , gets a grip around the thief 's throat and forces him to stop . 
  keeps him at the scene until the police arrive . 
  the owner got away with a few cuts and bruises after being thawed out . 
  police called it `` a work of art '' but do n't recommend anyone else chasing justice this way . 
  if i had the money , i would buy this and turn it into a paintball centre . 
  i thought the french always burn a shit load of cars on nye . 
  no no no , norway has blocked tpb for propaganda reasons . 
  they just want to turn me against glorious capitalism . 
  pretty much , i 'm english . 
  even naked i feel like i 'm dying at 30 \u00b0 c not to mention the fact that i get 2nd degree burns if i do n't slather sun cream on every hour . 
  living in norway means i am more comfortable in -30 \u00b0 c than +30 \u00b0 c, 
   -20 \u00b0 c  80 \u00b0 c difference 60 \u00b0 c syria, 
  can you be a western country without hating your leader ? 
  i 'm on a coach going through calais on tomorrow . 
  will be ... 
  interesting . 
  britain ends up with all the eu 's trade deals whilst having the authority to impose whatever migration controls they want ? 
  considering the shit show of an election in the us and us deciding to piss off all of europe . 
  i think we are just trying to find friends :(, 
  meanwhile us norwegians go to sweden . 
  also underestimated the leave campaign 's ability to lie through their teeth and the british public 's ability to swallow bullshit . 
  join the fucking club mate . 
  except the schadenfreude . 
  for us it 's just schaden . 
  england has really shit the bed . 
  if i had to choose between m&m s and ms i would pick ms man , you swedes know your sweets . 
  but surely rebranding them in sweden would be a solution ? 
  iirc it is so expensive that the majority of users inject instead of smoking it . 
  leading to higher overdose rates . 
  he does n't want to anger the red god . 
  * sighs * uk has no excuse . 
  we just fucked up our positioning . 
  are the sponge that drains the gulf stream . 
  norway has 3 of top 5 cross country skiers of both genders . 
  but nah , it 's hockey we are known for . 
  iirc norway 's womens team is world class . 
  men not so much . 
  both migrant and economic issues are worth it if you beat france . 
  prague was basically untouched by the wwii the only bombs being dropped by an american bomber trying to find dresden . 
  to be fair , when you live on a rainy island governed by wankers you have to be able to take the piss out of yourself . 
  i am afraid not , the bar is very homely with shelves of books and second hand furniture . 
  not incredibly lively but i really loved it . 
  [ it is located here off wenceslas square ] ( https://gyazo.com/d91b76589722a9c5eea639f66298aa84 ) , it is pretty hard to find though . 
  [ you go in here ] ( https://gyazo.com/3ff0710ec9ee5cbc44ce59b4558f2685 ) [ then to the left you see this door ] ( https://gyazo.com/193500add7d32ee65370690d66a88740 ) the local we had with us rang on the doorbell to be let in ( do n't know which button sorry ) and we went all the way to the top of the stairs and went in the only door . 
  beers were 27 czk if i remember correctly . 
  cheaper than you will find anywhere else in such a touristy part of the town . 
  if you think it seems a little sketchy when walking in , i did too but once we were there i really enjoyed it and we met some really nice czech students who we ended up going out with later that night . 
  also if you have n't tried it last time you were in prague order a shot of slivovice ( pronounced slivovitse ) it was a very ... memorable drink . 
  ( also you might want to save the pictures i do n't know how long gyazo keeps them . ), 
  where are you staying ? 
  i know and amazing actual local bar right off wenceslas square if you are looking for something with very authentic character . 
  i was under the impression we sent criminals to australia and prudes to the us ? 
  the government should n't stand by whilst the media scares the public into shooting itself in the foot . 
  even if the referendum was necessary , standing by whilst campaigners for different sides blatantly lie about the repercussions of either vote is not what 's best for the citizens of the country . 
  i was asking the question `` if people who 's job it is to know about this have no idea what to do , why is the public being allowed to decide ? '', 
  way before the vote . 
  gb : we want to make everyone who is angry with the problems in our country happy by following through on solution we told them would solve the problems , but we want to do it in a way that means we wo n't experience any of the repercussions of following through . 
  is that possible ? 
  but we all know that conflicts and political issues all start and end on new year , stop being so silly . 
  i mean , even disregarding the fact that these sourceless studies seem to be of 10 random countries every 4 years or so . 
  the us is doing shit on most these . 
  you guys are top 10 in like half of them . 
  as for the first page . 
  in their own words `` criminal justice degree hub was started as a labor of love by some friends who wanted to provide useful , accurate , information to those looking to go to school or work in the criminal justice field . 
  criminal justice is a rapidly growing career field with many rewarding opportunities . 
  we strive to provide helpful rankings and resources to those seeking employment in this promising field .
