  as well as finland , hungary , lithuania and malta, 
  the gas industry * hates * them . 
  ussr was very good at teaching how to turn off your brain and trust whatever the folks in moscow say . 
  sweden has a ministry of housing ? 
  what does it do ? 
  followed by a pic of the bedroom . 
  there 's nothing crazy about it . 
  this may not apply to america , but many ( perhaps most ) people consider their flags to be the symbol of the nation , rather than the state or government , so waving your flag during a protest/riot/whatever against the current government is actually pretty common . 
  well , maidan was a protest that turned into a riot , so there 's really nothing wrong with op 's title . 
  is there anything more retarded than a company that refuses to take your money ? 
  and then they turn around and wonder why piracy is so widespread , demanding site shutdowns and legal action against downloaders . 
  because doing that will be a lot more effective than actually letting people buy the content . 
  you can not be forced to support a child unless a court proves beyond reasonable doubt that the child is indeed yours . 
  the only way to do that is genetic testing . 
  yeah , no shit , that 's how international law works . 
  you could substitute literally any document signed between countries in place of `` the budapest memorandum . '', 
  i do n't understand this logic . 
  it determines at what age at which you are allowed to consent . 
  until x years you do n't have the right to agree to sex , after x years you do . 
  suppose you have a 14-year-old and an 18-year-old . 
  the age of consent determines the rights of the 14-year-old and has absolutely nothing to do with the 18-year-old . 
  so why does the partner 's age matter ? 
  if you are mature enough to weigh the risks and benefits of having sex with a 15-year-old , why would you lose that ability with someone a few years older ? 
  outdated is an understatement . 
  i remember when they changed it from 14 to 16 , because i was in between those ages . 
  that 's ... more than a decade ago . 
  literally the most oppressed nation in the world, 
  we had a better idea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gr%c5%abtas_park, 
   where is this my-ass assumption  ( assuming reading the only source ), 
  well that 's interesting . 
  you pretty much just demonstrated what i was talking about . 
  you took an assumption straight out your ass ( that i supposedly believe only one source of information ) and then based your whole comment on that . 
  are you sure you 're not writing for sputnik ? 
  well yes , unlike facts , reading several different opinions is a good thing . 
  but does that really apply when a source repeatedly states factually false information , and bases their opinions and arguments on those lies ? 
  a man who reads biology textbooks and creationist blogs is not better informed than one who only reads biology textbooks . 
  strawmaning pretty hard there . 
  nobody said that some other source is the only existing truth . 
  calling something shit does not automatically imply that everything else is shiny gold . 
  yeah , there are plenty of brainwashed people who would read and enjoy it , but they do n't tend to overlap much with people who know how to turn on a computer . 
  what are your views on , for example , liposuction ? 
  or a splenectomy ? 
  both involve killing living cells with human genome . 
  and how quickly is that ? 
  do towns with 3k people in poland have medical institutions with gynecologists working on call 24/7 ? 
  life threatening conditions are a different and unrelated matter entirely , because you would n't be allowed to call an ambulance for a morning-after pill . 
  sooo , let 's recap . 
  first a guy said that requiring a prescription for the pill is problematic , because that means underage people wo n't have access to it without their parents allowing or knowing about it . 
  you replied by saying they could go to the doctor without telling their parents . 
  now you 're saying that would n't actually work , because the doctor could n't prescribe it in that situation . 
   if something is living , conscious and human we 're talking about something that 's not conscious though . 
  as for living and human , well , that would include cancer . 
   an interesting ( hypothetical ) legal perspective on this : let 's assume another human requires a blood transfusion ( or something similar ) to continue living , and it is 100 % scientifically proven that you and only you can save that person by donating blood , right now . 
  ethically , i think you should save that person . 
  but legally , you do n't have to . 
  the law ca n't force you to give up control over your body in order to save another life , because your own physical integrity is considered untouchable . 
  the person that dies from your non-donation just dies . 
   do you believe that conciosness determinates if that `` amount of cells '' is a living human organism ? 
  yes it does . 
  what else ? 
  stop building straw men . 
  nobody other than you said anything about eugenics . 
  are you sure that 's the actual law in poland ? 
  because in many places doctors ca n't do anything other than emergency life-saving interventions to kids without their parent 's consent . 
  suppose it 's a friday evening in a small ( say , 3k people ) town . 
  how quickly could one get an appointment with an ob/gyn ? 
  do n't we already do that ? 
  people who are not citizens of the eu and have held a job for less than 9 months the past year ( the exact numbers there would be better determined by people smarter than me ) go home . 
  just one example , there are many more options to choose from . 
  for example , people who do n't have a degree . 
  i 'm not suggesting any of the exact options i gave here , just showing that it can be done . 
  as for where to send them , well , back to their countries . 
  if you entered by lying about being syrian , well , tough shit , you 're syrian . 
  should 've thought about this before lying . 
  we generally use mm/dd, 
  i think you 're leaning too far to the left god ^ i ^ ^ hope ^ ^ ^ someone ^ ^ ^ ^ gets ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it, 
   individual bulbs are just more white rather than having a yellow hue . 
  which is a huge mistake . 
  red/yellow light does n't screw up the circadian rhythm , white light does . 
  kinda hard to tell , but this change could be the reason why thousands of people have insomnia . 
  we do n't really use electricity for heating , plus scandinavia has lots of hydro and nuclear . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  yes , usa did occupy germany in ' 45 . 
  they 're not occupying it anymore . 
  unlike you , i actually like to avoid making an idiot out of myself , so i did look before making that post . 
  you might wan na look at a dictionary . 
  well , shit . 
  i guess i 'm a putinbot now . 
  this makes / r/circlejerk look like a bunch of amateurs, 
  i got a feeling the guy listed as the richest russian is n't even in the top 10 . 
  if i understand correctly , the irish view religion a lot like we do : `` are you catholic ? '', 
  `` of course i am !, 
  and i 'm proud to be one ! '', 
  `` when was the last time you 've been to church ? '', 
  `` uhhh , easter 2014 . '', 
  edit : alternative answer : `` grandma 's funeral '', 
   yeah i guess so . 
  i wish the first time it was done correctly to me that sounds like he wishes desert storm was handled better so that the second invasion would never have happened . 
  what does her dad have to do with this ? 
  took me a while to realize this was n't about screwing dead animals .
