  which means it can be changed . 
  i 'm not saying i agree that eu = europe , just pointing out that it 's a valid opinion . 
  you should hope that it does . 
  because if the eu falls , we 're probably having ww3 in a decade or two . 
  it 's a closed beta, 
  it 's usually very safe to assume that any story that came from a guide is bullshit . 
  i want to believe though . 
  to make it work , you 'd need 2 referendums . 
  something like a leave/remain one followed by more integration/same integration or soft brexit/hard brexit afterwards . 
  which is why your friends and family who still live there should vote . 
  in all nations and faiths there are quite a lot of young people who do n't really give a shit about keeping the traditions of their ancestors . 
  fewer jews in countries untouched by the holocaust could simply be a result of people converting . 
  til 34 $ is too fucking much you also skipped the last part . 
  the list of people who get it for free is pretty extensive , if you 'd have trouble paying for it , there 's a very good chance you wo n't have to . 
  we do n't finance it with vat/income tax/whatever , it 's a separate system that gets its revenue from the state-provided insurance premiums and nowhere else ; and in cases where somebody really needs it to be free , it 's free . 
  edit : by `` it '' i mean healthcare, 
  outside of us and western europe , gay rights often have very little to do with religion . 
  also , regarding schizophrenia : this is one of the few misconceptions that seriously piss me off . 
  you might wan na read up on what the disease actually is . 
  time and place dude , time and place, 
  the 50 $ bill probably did n't have the name and photo of the guy who lost it, 
   first , the term was stretched as if prohibiting kids to eat cookies is something alike to hanging , drawing and quartering no it was n't, 
  all the other data is encrypted, 
  probably special ops units and high-precision missiles, 
  i 'd recommend the second or third option , or my own favorite , startpage.com the reason is , unlike duckduckgo , they do n't include your search query in the url , which means it 's not only hidden from google , but also your isp and possibly government agencies . 
  imagine how the germans must feel . 
  i thought it was more than that . 
  in addition to what 's been said , they wanted a flag that can be easily sewed together by a grandma in some random village , mostly for resistance purposes . 
  the vytis is pretty much impossible to diy . 
  fun fact : nowadays however , the vytis actually is legally recognized as a lithuanian flag . 
  people are allowed to use it instead of the tricolour if they prefer it . 
  my guess is less educated , but i was gon na say pretty much the same . 
  those trees do n't look old enough to be planted during soviet times, 
  `` winning a vote '' is also a crystal-clear , easily measurable ( and thus objective ) criteria , which you either fulfill or you do n't . 
  is the problem that it 's based on other people 's opinion ? 
  that 's not any different to how everyone else is doing it . 
  a vote is not any more subjective than deciding on how many years of residency you should have , how many languages you should speak , or how good should your grade in the constitution exam be . 
  however you decide to give out citizenships , it 's always based on somebody 's personal subjective opinion on what a true citizen is supposed to be . 
  the only difference here is , that `` somebody '' is the neighbors instead of the parliament . 
  we 'd rather get a commonwealth, 
  i do n't know if i 'm offended or flattered, 
  mets ` wood ' ( medis ) is also pretty similar . 
  that 's actually a lot of similar words for languages that separated that long ago . 
  try to read a 15th century lithuanian text , you 'll understand maybe a couple of words per page . 
  it 's only enough if you do an honest and competent job selecting your respondents , which is a lot more work than it sounds . 
  you need people of all ages from all over the country , including those who live in remote villages and do n't have a computer . 
  not a lot of surveys are done properly . 
  like ... a large question ? 
  if anything , anti-terrorism is probably their biggest problem right now, 
  fucking with people by giving them bullshit tips is one of the main reasons why i wan na live beyond 100 years . 
  `` so , what 's your secret ? '', 
  `` dip your scrotum in olive oil once every few days . '', 
  they 're growing 7.1 times more cows though http://www.beefusa.org/beefindustrystatistics.aspx http://www.germanlivestock.de/german-cattle.html, 
  you 're comparing absolute numbers of countries that have very different sizes and populations, 
  they only have the choice when no crime is suspected . 
  sure , it 's possible to play the system like that , but not easy . 
  unfortunately , doctor education is n't going to help here . 
  the sentence `` next of kin are informed , the autopsy is refused '' is at the end of every single death referral . 
  it 's a cultural thing , most people see autopsy as gruesome and/or disrespectful . 
  the only thing that could change this is a law that makes autopsies mandatory , as long as the next of kin have the decision , we wo n't be performing any . 
  that 's exactly what 's happening . 
  the commenters under you are arguing that our doctors care just as much or even more . 
  well , yes , that is correct . 
  when it comes to living patients . 
  when it comes to the cause of death , unless the police are asking , nobody gives a fuck . 
  at least in lithuania , every single granny who goes to sleep in the evening and does n't wake up in the morning has `` heart disease '' as the official cause of death , without an autopsy or any other attempt to figure out what really happened . 
  even if someone dies in a hospital , in the vast majority of cases the next of kin refuse the autopsy , and then the doctors just put their best guess on the death certificate . 
  which , unless they were being treated for an immediately life-threatening condition , is usually lethal arrhythmia . 
  finally, 
  i do n't see much difference between the views of you and isis, 
   no one will change my belief in that the definition of a fanatic, 
  that 's what they said when our food exports to russia were blocked . 
  a bit of a shock at first , but a few months later most producers were doing better than before . 
  after the lazy first choice was taken away , they were forced to look for other markets , which often turned out to be more lucrative . 
  wait , what i do n't think i know a single person who would oppose that, 
  compared to the other ones mentioned ( `` slaughter , '' `` butchery , '' `` massacre '' ) the term `` extrajudicial execution '' is way too sanitized for my liking . 
  in the words of george carlin , `` all the pain is completely buried under jargon '', 
  the people in 4chan are weirdos but they 're not bad people . 
  they 'd have their fun , and then they 'd help . 
  because it reduces pointless discrimination and bigotry, 
  that 's the mother of all strawmen . 
  = strict rules regarding who 's eligible for the basic income . 
  my bet is on citizens . 
  stop pretending that you know something . 
  you do n't . 
  well that 's a first , a polish guy who has n't heard of the northern crusades, 
  something something your mom, 
  well yes , the scale is different and the consequences would also not be nearly as bad . 
  that being said , the fundamental problem remains the same , trying to get 28 countries of different economic , cultural and historical backgrounds to unanimously agree on a decision is not an option when you have a million people banging on your borders and the decision needs to be made yesterday . 
  have they tried asking italy for permission ? 
  yeah , we already tried doing things by unanimous voting . 
  ended up being a part of russia for roughly 200 years . 
  the problem is , shit does n't get done . 
  ok , this is hurting my head . 
  dictionary definition says an anecdote needs to be real , but it seems there 's a lot more to it than that . 
  wait , no , there 's actually a difference between different dictionaries you know what , fuck it :d, 
  psssssst ^ ^ ^ ^ anecdote ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ anekdotas ^ ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ ^ mean ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ same ^ ^ ^ ^ thing, 
  they 're real after a couple of minutes of non-stop driving, 
  the only difference in results was the outcome of the war . 
  before it started the results were pretty much the same .
