  funny how nobody ever mentions denmark , even though they send far more troops our way than anyone else, 
  the reason for not using vytis in our flag is a very good one : it 's too hard to make . 
  if we are ever again forced into underground resistance and forest bunkers , we need a flag that can be quickly and easily sown together by a layperson . 
  and we do n't really have anything else to change it to . 
   why keep your hands in your pockets because they are really fucking cold, 
  well , it * was * created by the school of hygiene, 
  not really . 
  i think . 
  maybe . 
  this is n't even close to my field , but i did speak to a sociologist about this once :d apparently , clusters like these form when the majority of people think `` i 'd like to live close to people of my own ethnicity , but i 'm not gon na go far out of my way to achieve that '', 
  unfortunately , nowadays the same can be said for most countries in europe . 
  especially russia . 
   there was no reason for ussr to turn on their own citizens during the war . 
  til i 'm hungarian, 
  no , but it does mean that they can get all of your source codes . 
  the video has english subtitles, 
  virtually every `` deep '' or `` sophisticated '' movie out there shits all over the culture of whichever country made it . 
   nobody would say `` usa is producing a superhero movie '' actually , lots of people in eastern europe say exactly that . 
  they 're not used for emphasis , they 're used to mark a quote . 
  `` molested '' is in quotes because that word was used either in the official report or by a source , instead of being chosen by the author of the article . 
  itt : people who do n't know how quotation marks are used in journalism, 
  same here . 
  general heating is a separate system , but bathrooms have their own radiator-thingies that have hot tap water in them . 
  they 're also constantly circulated , which keeps the water hot pretty close to the tap , meaning you do n't have to wait 3 hours for the hot water to come if you wan na have a shower at 5 am . 
  i would n't be at all surprised if the whole point of this was to popularize a russian alternative . 
   fraternit\u00e9, 
  what did russia gain by invading georgia or east ukraine ? 
  it does n't look like they need a rational reason . 
  loving all the flairs in this subreddit tbh . 
  someone 's on fire, 
  i bet something was lost in translation . 
  it probably means that it 's a crime , but not the `` class '' of crime americans would call a felony . 
  the employer writes ( a part of ) the resignation letter ? 
  is n't that document forgery ? 
  thanks . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  just some inaccurate borders on the map, 
  if brexit gives us all that extra clay , i 'm all for it . 
  hell , we still keep quite a lot of pagan customs today, 
  eu army is n't happening ( even if it did , aggressive ? 
  really ? 
  especially coming from the uk , really ? 
  ) , violence is decreasing and nobody is telling women what to wear anymore ( they tried , a court said they ca n't , story 's over ) . 
   ca n't staged photos tell a story ? 
  not a real one , no, 
  no freedom is unconditional . 
  usa is probably the biggest proponent of freedom of religion out there , did n't stop their law enforcement from raiding several sects . 
  it 's a good thing i do n't have any nuclear reactors in my living room . 
  that 's cute . 
  we have speed limits that depend on the time of year and how long you 've had a license . 
  it probably means that you need a microsoft account to install the app , but the app does n't get to id your account . 
  [ demobilized ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trafalgar_square_christmas_tree ), 
  found the scholagladiatoria fan . 
  which foreign country flew drones and planes bombing the cities , families , schools and hospitals of turkey ? 
  aggressors : assuming they do n't leave when asked nicely , check . 
  [ meh , ours is bigger ] ( http://cdn1.retailnet.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/akropolis-shopping-center.jpg ), 
  ... what could you possibly base that on ? 
   eejit this is off topic , but omg , thank you . 
  i 've been wondering what 's that word from dara o'brian 's standup for years . 
  damn, 
  that 's pretty much exactly what he said, 
  ok , so do n't celebrate it . 
  are you seriously angry about the fact that some people do n't agree with you about what 's worth celebrating ? 
  in the netherlands , the only things managed by the private sector are the daily office jobs and micromanaging of transactions . 
  the insurance companies ca n't negotiate anything , because the prices and the coverage are set by the government , and it 's illegal to refuse a customer . 
  in the usa , you get a lot of people saying things like `` i ca n't afford to go to a doctor right now . '', 
  it 's also very inefficient - they spend a lot more money per capita , without that big an increase in quality . 
  i do n't consider that to be a system that works . 
  singapore looks pretty interesting , but ...  according to an analysis by global consulting firm towers watson . 
  [ 8 ] the government regularly adjusts policies to actively regulate `` the supply and prices of healthcare services in the country '' in an attempt to keep costs in check . 
  the government also owns medisave and regulates its monthly payments . 
  it sure is an interesting system , and probably something to look up to , but it 's still regulated heavily by the government . 
  as far a quick google search can tell - no , not really . 
  well , netherlands is kinda similar , with mandatory insurance by private funds , but that is n't very different from how everyone else is doing it . 
  moving away from a government-managed mandatory insurance fund to a private-managed one is n't exactly a revolution , the money moves around in a pretty much identical way . 
  name one country where that exists and works . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  it 's preferable to having nothing to wait for . 
  the structures probably have something to do with draining the ocean . 
   modern and ancient greeks share a similar culture do they , really ? 
  how many cultural and societal norms in today 's greece actually match those of ancient greece ? 
  same goes for language . 
  yes , there is continuity , but would a modern greek actually be able to hold a conversation with an ancient greek ? 
  because they 're less likely to fight back and the moralists are cowards, 
  i suspect that me too, 
  here 's the gist of what happened in ' 39 - '40 in lithuania . 
  the details might not be very accurate , because history was never my favorite subject . 
  first they came with a proposal of a mutual defense treaty or something like that , which would allow pretty much unlimited amounts of soviet troops to come into lithuania for peacekeeping . 
  they used both a carrot and a stick to get it signed : `` we 'll give you back vilnius '' ( which they did ) and a heavily implied `` the army 's coming whether you sign this or not . '', 
  then with the huge amount of soviet troops in the capital , the government steps down for some reason and gets replaced by pro-russian people then the new government writes a letter to moscow , begging them to let us into the glorious ussr . 
  and now they 're basically playing the historic revisionist version of `` stop stabbing yourself '', 
  do you have proofs ?? 
  yeah , let 's outlaw math, 
  sure , as long as there 's an eu . 
  look at who started the first two . 
  people do n't need to expect changes to display their disapproval, 
  it 's not a matter of ignorance , it 's a matter of opinion . 
  people are aware that according to the current consensus , europe is more than just the eu , but they 're allowed to disagree with that . 
  europe is n't a continent , eurasia is . 
  the border of europe was drawn not according to geography , but to history and politics .
