  that was surprisingly historically accurate . 
  the bunker design is spot-on , plus `` america will help us , '' plus the suicide . 
  i think it 's more about rigidity than mass , but yeah , you 're probably right . 
  the relative speed does n't change , but the energy of the crash does . 
  two trains colliding at 40 km/h each will each suffer the same damage as one train hitting a wall at 40 km/h, 
  500 $ notes attract way too much attention to be used in criminal activities, 
  you also forgot the part where kids walk around with those masks on and ask for candy . 
  it 's very similar to halloween in that way . 
  might even manage without knowing lithuanian if you work in a rural area around vilnius, 
  was that in america ? 
  i 'm asking because in most european countries the age of consent is 14-16 , which makes such situations extremely rare . 
  statutory rape and forceful rape are very different crimes . 
  do n't get me wrong , they 're both terrible , but the distinction should be made . 
  this is probably the most useless argument i 've seen in my ~ 4 years of redditing, 
  if the kid does n't have some kind of a puberty disorder , a hand x-ray can determine their age very accurately . 
  i 'm not even talking about 15 and 20 , a doctor that specializes in this could tell the difference between 14 and 15 . 
  sounds kinda like politburo, 
  well i 'll be damned, 
  that 's only because the majority there * are * refugees ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  does n't really matter who it was . 
   the comments are usually politically motivated or tinted towards certain viewpoint . 
  agreeable comments are often more popular than factual ones . 
   when it comes to comments and the information they convey , it 's a gamble . 
  often the comments have no sources backing them , are n't based on anything more than a gut feeling  and there 's a possibility that the information has been altered , knowingly or unknowingly , to represent the sentiment of the commenter . 
  unfortunately , all of that applies to articles , too, 
   helsinki  no need for human interactions, 
  the supreme court provides the official interpretation of the constitution . 
  if the majority does n't like their decision , they can change the constitution in a way that leaves nothing up for interpretation . 
  preferably not of the clogged toilets, 
  i do n't think he 's blaming anyone, 
  that 's the mother of all strawmen . 
  `` most people on reddit '' do n't actually do that . 
  technically correct, 
  you do n't translate street names, 
  we generally do love each other . 
  some poles really love pretending that lithuanians hate them though . 
   we 're very opposed to the undemocratic nature of the eu . 
   we want our say 48 % of you are not aware that you can vote for meps . 
  it would 've helped i suppose, 
  you sounded butthurt, 
  thanks , that worked, 
  < 40 years 40-42 years \\  42 years seriously ? 
  3 years difference between the lowest and highest categories ? 
  this is a perfect example of how you should n't analyze data . 
  edit : well , shit . 
  anybody got a tip how to format that ? 
  hmm , good point, 
   map looks computer made does it ? 
  the whole image has that grainy look of scanned pictures , the coastlines are very approximate when compared to google maps . 
  could be interwar . 
  ! remindme 540 years, 
  i can understand not knowing the exact number of member states or the status of switzerland , but how the fuck do people not know what they can vote for ? 
  that 's cute, 
  ok , so every country that tries being friends with russia ends up changing their minds or being their bitch . 
  not much of a difference . 
  because england and the us are very friendly with russia, 
  every country that tries being friends with russia ends up being their bitch . 
  actually , you 're discussing what you 're discussing . 
  passport and id card . 
  they started taking them in 2009 and the documents are valid for 10 years , so not everyone is fingerprinted yet . 
  if these guys were smart , they would n't commit suicide, 
  that 's true , but i 'm not sure how the decline of their economy would make them sell less raw materials . 
  6,1 % of eu exports in 2014 . 
  enough to make a dent , but not * that * important . 
  yes , there are a lot of poles who live and work outside of poland . 
  but how many among them went to russia ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ roar, 
  they do ? 
  around here it 's exactly the opposite . 
  everyone thinks that american tv sucks and their movies are dumb , because the local tv stations do n't bother getting the good stuff . 
  or in the rare cases when they do get the good stuff , they completely butcher it in translation . 
  they might be interested in a hostage though, 
  that 's cute, 
  approved as proposed, 
  great public transport though . 
  if you stand in a bus stop long enough , eventually a bmw will pick you up . 
  to prevent people from planning smuggling operations, 
  are you sure this is ok ? 
  around here photographing the external eu border is a serious criminal offense, 
   democracy , or democratic government , is `` a system of government in which all the people of a state or polity ... are involved in making decisions about its affairs , typically by voting to elect representatives to a parliament or similar assembly ''  democracy is further defined as ( a  `` government by the people ; especially : rule of the majority ( b  '' a government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised by them directly or indirectly through a system of representation usually involving periodically held free elections . '', 
   according to political scientist larry diamond , it consists of four key elements : a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections . 
  the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life . 
  protection of the human rights of all citizens . 
  [ note that refugees are not citizens ] a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens . 
  so , no , it would not in any way be undemocratic , quite the opposite in fact . 
  and if the majority of voters decide to act against the constitution , it would be undemocratic to keep the constitution . 
   if you do n't want to pay for humanitarian help , it 's fine . 
  but at least admit it i 100 % agree with you here . 
  if the people do n't want to help the refugees , let them stand up and say it loud and clear . 
  preferably in a referendum . 
  and if they do want to help the refugees , let them say * that * loud and clear , and take the responsibility of this decision away from the politicians . 
  it 's not about taxes in general , but about raising taxes for the specific purpose of dealing with refugees . 
  refugees are not infrastructure , and there are cheaper ways to deal with the problem . 
  frankly , i 'm getting more and more pissed with the lack of any referendums regarding this issue . 
  just ask the people what to do . 
  good luck winning the next elections, 
  you 're probably thinking of a very different kind of lashes, 
  it 's ama_deo , what else do you expect ? 
  it seems that some big bad lithuanian took away his candy when he was five . 
  20 years later nobody would remember it,
