   you 're taking a very narrow view of backdoor . 
  hidden access using the same scheme as the front door access is just as secure . 
  in closed source software this is no big deal . 
  backdoors require some degree of wan access to devices that would _ never _ have that access in a secure environment . 
  please explain how a backdoor to a cell phone , computer , router , etc. 
  would work without that being the case . 
   i think the abuses of plea bargaining in america demonstrates why the concept is a bad idea . 
  you have the right to that opinion . 
  i think my view is the best of bad options . 
  i do n't think you really understand how dangerous a complete lack of prosecutor discretion is . 
   can you give me an example of a state that does more than usa ? 
  or are you just pulling alternative facts from somewhere ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/19/extreme-surveillance-becomes-uk-law-with-barely-a-whimper  the investigatory powers act , passed on thursday , legalises a whole range of tools for snooping and hacking by the security services unmatched by any other country in western europe or even the us . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/17/uk-security-agencies-unlawfully-collected-data-for-decade  uk security agencies unlawfully collected data for 17 years , court rules  the tribunal said the regime governing the collection of bulk communications data ( bcd ) -- the who , where , when and what of personal phone and web communications -- failed to comply with article 8 protecting the right to privacy of the european convention of human rights ( echr ) between 1998 , when it started , and 4 november 2015 , when it was made public . 
   it added that the retention of of bulk personal datasets ( bpd ) -- which might include medical and tax records , individual biographical details , commercial and financial activities , communications and travel data -- also failed to comply with article 8 for the decade it was in operation until it was publicly acknowledged in march 2015 . 
  the uk has the us beat in many respects . 
  just fyi . 
  and where it does n't beat us ? 
  its pretty damn similar . 
  both countries have lost control of their intelligence services in very real terms and whenever they get caught , they generally get laws passed to legalize it . 
   no , you do n't need to read all the messages if you develop a proper statistical model . 
  it still allows you to make accurate predictions in real time without reading every message . 
  great in theory , impossible in practice . 
  even companies like google have a relatively high rate of error with machine learning . 
   the thing is , comprehensive surveillance infrastructure does not exist in europe right now . 
  you say that the paris attackers were n't caught and they did n't use encryption . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  axiomatically because nobody checked even their plaintext communications . 
  and what is the solution to that issue ? 
  it 's not less surveillance . 
  given they were flagged and reported to french authorities by foreign intelligence , and the french had the capability and legal authority to engage in surveillance ... you are n't making an effective case that surveillance works . 
  you are making the case that even with that power they will never be reliable . 
   backdoors are as secure as normal access paths when implemented correctly . 
  that is n't correct , realistically . 
  backdoors , in practice , are never implemented in reliably secured ways because of the number of people that become aware of them and all it takes is one leak to break basically _ all _ implementations . 
  no backdoor has remained secure until retirement . 
   our current government will do fuck all . 
  they will take a tough stance , pretend to pray , then back to business . 
  people will start turning towards ` men of action ' if nothing is done , and ` men of action ' have rarely brought peace or stability . 
  to be fair , there are very real practical limits to a government 's power . 
  you can only crack down on people 's civil liberties so much before you start being the cause of their radicalization . 
  the uk has one of the most heavily watched populations in the western world and a great deal of money on security services . 
  they ca n't ( realistically ) do more without starting to cut too deeply into people 's civil liberties that people will start to turn on them . 
  the most they can do is cut off support for saudi arabia and other countries that promote an extreme view of islam . 
  the rest of what can be done is being done but its never going to be a perfect . 
  its like mass shootings . 
  they are going to happen no matter how powerful you make your security services , so its best to make them as powerful as you can without infringing on people 's civil liberties and hope they stop as many attacks as can be practically stopped . 
  there is a very real risk i 'll get shot by a gun for instance , that does n't mean i think we should take them away from people and radicalize every gun owner in the us . 
  yes but from what i understand she is a sane 91 . 
  that too . 
   how would one attack such a fortress ? 
  1 ) rope and sheer volume of suicidal attackers . 
  2 ) starve them into surrender . 
  3 ) mine under the walls . 
  4 ) siege engines capable of cracking the walls . 
  well , with luck , he wo n't be in office in october and you 'll be visited by a religious extremist who thinks his wife is his mother . 
   they did n't change the primary legislation or grant those people citizenship , they just announced they were n't going to enforce the law . 
  allowing that to bind the subsequent governments would allow secondary ( almost tertiary ) legislation to override the express statement of primary legislation , which is obviously a bad thing . 
  congratulations , you just argued prosecutorial discretion , statutes of limitations , and the legal basis for plea deals should n't exist ( among other things ) . 
  how terrible !, 
  here , have some of mine !, 
  you seem to have misplaced the / s. 
   sounds like a pis style `` they established a fait accompli when they ruled , now we 'll do the same . '', 
  if i said x was ok yesterday , and arrest you today for it ... it leads to all sorts of breakdowns on the way any legal system functions because the party in power can retroactively declare people criminals . 
   wait , your argument is that all mexicans have the to stay in the usa ? 
  cause those being deported came illegally . 
  a policy existed for a subset of mexicans who came to the us as children . 
  they stayed on the basis of that policy allowing them to stay . 
  the gop then retroactively decided `` lol just kidding '' and started deporting them . 
  anyone can pass a law or an executive order stating `` x is no longer ok and therefore anyone who did x in the past 10 years gets deported '' . 
  that is n't the same thing as it being reasonable behavior . 
  see , the reason everyone is pissed at the gop is the democrats said `` if you are in x group of people under age y , you can stay in the us and we wo n't deport you . '', 
  the gop , rather than saying `` for new immigrants '' this policy is no longer valid . 
  they decided to just deport the ones the democrats ok 'd . 
   the second latinos became a large percentage of the united states , it became racist to deport any foreign invader -- or even say the nation has a right to control its immigration . 
  you are aware there was a large percentage of latinos after we took their land right ? 
  about 20 % of the continental us was originally mexico . 
  similarly , the us has a right to control its immigration ... it does n't have the right to take the laws and policies previously applied and pretend they never happened because of racism . 
  we are deporting people we previously agreed could stay in the us . 
  that is the reason everyone is so pissed off . 
  i approve your shitposting . 
  well that is our _ other _ shtick . 
  and i thought americans did n't know geography . 
  you trying to take our shtick man ? 
   but even with the victory celebrations it 's not possible the portuguese were already that drunk by voting time . 
  if an irish man , a german drinking champion , a 100lb portuguese woman , and an englishman walk into a bar ... my money is the woman would drink the other two under the table . 
   the eu should do something about this . 
  ireland can not be allowed to steal jobs from the rest of europe to launder megabank money . 
  lol . 
  you ask your ex to pay for your dates with your next so too ? 
  is it free if i make you dance for it ? 
  i think not . 
  silly monkey . 
   yeah , look ... just because someone wants to act like a little bitch and pretend words hurt them does n't make it reality . 
  words do you hurt you monkey , or you 'd have never tried that passport photo . 
   do n't have to . 
  we 're leaving the authoritarian , hypocritical shithole  the uk is an authoritarian , hypocritical shithole . 
  lol . 
   probably best to distance ourselves with such little bitches that think words hurt anyway . 
  dangerous times , cut loose the weak .
