  oh monkey , you sweet sweet monkey . 
  you need new material . 
  `` only the ministry of truth should employ journalists who spout the party line . '', 
  it is a challenge for trump :p, 
  people who like pretty beaches but hate water ? 
  it depends if you are into gallows humor or not . 
  i thought all the funny brits left britain ? 
  we do love our clowns , 
   trumps tax plan is n't even complete . 
  your leftists media propaganda articles do n't account for increased revenue from faster gdp growth . 
  also a potential border adjustment tax would raise as much as a trillion dollars a year and help accelerate gdp through a policy of narrowing the trade defecit . 
  for every x percentage the trade deficit narrows , y percentage of growth is tacked onto gdp . 
  a ) you did n't answer the first question . 
  b ) you can argue if its leftist propaganda if you wish . 
  i 'll laugh but hey , if it makes you happy . 
  c ) i do find it funny you argue he 'll lower taxes by raising taxes elsewhere . 
  so , in reality , you just want him to tax you differently by hiding it in the costs of the goods you purchase instead of an obvious line item saying `` federal government '' . 
  it will make your life more expensive , not less , and is the opposite of what you hope for . 
  d ) the trade deficit and gdp are not directly correlated as you claim . 
  the trade deficit consists of us selling used toilet paper ( dollars ) to other countries in exchange for valuable goods . 
  if you wish to purchase my used toilet paper and give me gold in return , i 'll happily make this exchange . 
  would you like to do so ? 
  e ) oh , and btw , the study did take into effect what little growth tax cuts would provide . 
  as is typical , you want to pretend kansas never happened and the gop did n't fail horribly at the magic tax cut trick yet again there . 
   because obama totally did n't rack up us national debt by 10 trillion dollars . 
  a ) you genuinely believe 1 man was in complete control over the government and is in fact a dictator the past 8 years ? 
  b ) let us look just at what the gop wants : https://www.forbes.com/sites/beltway/2017/01/19/memo-to-steven-mnuchin-trumps-tax-plan-would-add-7-trillion-to-the-debt-over-10-years/#49460ee96554 tax plan ? 
  $ 7 trillion . 
  https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2017/03/16/trump-unveils-trillion-budget/5wa4rrxxdgrrbbqrsueujo/story.html budget ? 
  $ 1.15 trillion which exceeds revenues . 
  throw in a recession and it 'll certainly be larger numbers at the end of 8 years . 
  that much be an expensive search to find three such people in every country . 
  all the funny europeans i know emigrated to the us . 
  oh the horror :(, 
   herrenrasen for a second i thought you said herrenrasse . 
  oh you poor dear , a month old troll account and everyone laughs at you . 
  now , now , if you are going to criticize people for getting their facts right it is : gay ( ( ( globalist ) ) ) psychopath who works for the rothschilds , muslims , and dmt elves . 
   are you implying germans have a narrative ? 
  universities teach classes in [ german narratives ] ( http://catalog.usu.edu/preview_course_nopop.php?catoid=12&amp;coid=89866 ) . 
  and what a glorious show it is . 
  of course my friend , i will guarantee they are there as long as you never withdraw any of them . 
  / r/conspiracy is moderated by the same group of people . 
  there are people in europe with a sense of humor ? 
  i will place your socks in our federal reserve bank for safe keeping . 
  just do n't audit us or try to confirm they are still there in the future . 
  yes . 
  [ are n't covered under kurwa ? 
  ] ( http://www.fanatik.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/06/tabela-660x471.jpg ), 
   is it fair to call him a globalist is he wants to stay in the eu ? 
  because leaving the eu would result in a europe-wide economic recession ... fiscally rational behavior is n't something the us gop takes into account or their / r/t _ d base . 
  you like correcting me :p, 
  did i ? 
  or did i play into the narrative ? 
  the famous german sense of humor seems to miss sarcasm as well . 
  i just hate the whitewashing , revisionist bullshit texas exports to the rest of the south . 
  i was trying to make a joke that was apparently lost on the famous german sense of humor . 
  you are aware that the tariff of 1832 was supported by half of the south and southern congressmen voted for it , yes ? 
   reminds me so much of how many americans in the south still try to claim their civil war was n't about slavery . 
  sadly texas has rewritten its textbooks to that effect and the texas standard is what is taught in the south . 
  ca and texas basically set the education standards in the us . 
  do n't you know they were just concern trolling , bro ? 
   i actually think the reason macron won is because most `` populists '' do n't necessarily want to fragment europe - they just want sane immigration policies . 
  you are almost certainly correct . 
  macron 's additional votes in the second round were largely because people voted against the insanity that would be a le pen presidency . 
  if they stopped complaining , they 'd be german . 
  we ca n't have that now can we ? 
  the_cheeto has a c -- holster as their icon . 
  so i think that answers that . 
  the gop focuses on controlling a majority of the states ( but not the majority of the people ) so they can control the outcomes in those states for elections . 
   if there was a big problem with the election system , why the dems kept quiet when obama won the primaries , you look petty . 
  a ) the primaries are an internal party affair and not the general election . 
  b ) the gop claimed he stole the election and was n't an american . 
  that is far worse than anything i 've said . 
   well , i should be more clear , it allows the individual states to have a voice-which represent the people . 
  and that is what breaks the system when one party focuses on controlling as many states as possible rather than actually helping the majority of the population . 
  as he is currently running the country , its hard to ignore it . 
  you have a strange understanding of past/present . 
  correct . 
   it was designed that way intentionally . 
  pure democracy is mob rule , it 's designed so that the wants of the many do n't drown out the wants of the few . 
  it means you have a voice , no matter how small you are . 
  except i do n't and i have n't had anyone elected for president who represents even 75 % of my views . 
  why would i bitch about something that is almost a decade ago ? 
  its the past at this point . 
   then contest it . 
  it 's a democratic system that has been agreed upon . 
  if you do n't like it , then use your democratic right to gather momentum for a change . 
  i have been and my portion of the country has passed laws enabling that change while the opposition does not because they know they 'd lose . 
   are you telling me the american election was n't a real democratic election ? 
  i 'm not a trump supporter , but yes , he won an election that was n't contested . 
  correct . 
  for president , it is n't a democratic election . 
  its not apportioned by population . 
  its an important question to ask for someone like him . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/69soaz/me_right_now/dh93szs/  are you telling me the american election was n't a real democratic election ? 
  i 'm not a trump supporter , but yes , he won an election that was n't contested . 
  and he gave the answer i expected . 
   but you would have hated democracy if le pen had won ? 
  you just proved that you do n't love democracy . 
  do you feel trump won a democratic election that represented all us citizens equally ?
