what if the justice system is wrong and future technology exonerates them like dna did for so many people , some of whom were executed ? 
  no system is perfect and society must operate on that assumption . 
  yup . 
  toss them in solitary for life . 
  mass murderers ( or attempted ) simply are n't worth the hassle to rehabilitate . 
   and tons of other shit on youtube you should n't get your news from no-names on youtube who only care about shock value and ad revenue . 
  --  there is nothing like this in eu and when i hear this numbers of this gangs than they are as big as isis which has 30.000 members ... 
  but its bullshit ? 
  these `` big american '' gangs are really international operations that operate in north & south america . 
  there is n't `` 30,000 '' in the us . 
  its a 30,000 man organization that moves drugs from places like brazil and mexico into the us . 
  that is n't anywhere close to the same thing . 
  lol . 
  http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.840.9031&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf  figure 1 shows the percentages of gang members in each country . 
  the countries are displayed within regional clusters , with countries ordered by the prevalence of gang membership . 
  large differences between some countries are apparent . 
  indeed , the percentages vary from 4.2 percent in portugal to 27.2 percent in ireland . 
  estonia has the next highest percentage ( 24.5 percent ) .7 despite these differences , we note that most ( 14 out of 19 ) of the prevalence rates fall within a fairly narrow band of 8 -- 12 percent . 
  the average percentages of gang members in the three clusters are very similar : 12.7 in the north european countries , 12.6 in eastern europe and 11.1 in western europe . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40010886  germany cracks europe-wide burglary gang of 500 members, 
   the saudi monarchy acts very much the same today . 
  they must wage '' wars/battles '' in the border regions , or they 'll have to fight in riyadh . 
  the problem is , frankly , at this point the strategy that has been used is no longer viable . 
  they system of propaganda by groups like isis and such travel along these roads the house of saud paved . 
   a hereditary monarchy is un-islamic , all sunni scholars agree . 
  the wahhabist clergy , agreed with the khomeinist system of rule . 
  whatever that one is islamic is debatable , regardless it was/is very anti-monarchy . 
  the problem is the house of saud is no longer an effective tool at containing the wahhabists in a way that they do n't enable terrorist attacks in the west . 
  its time to let the region burn as sad as that is . 
  the west needs to pull out from turkey and middle east . 
  israel is probably the only bastion that can be realistically defended . 
  we just need to cut out saudia arabia and sanction it as heavily as any other state sponsor of terrorism . 
  the reality is the west is losing a propaganda war on multiple fronts and simply banning the ideology does n't work in practice . 
  you have to combat the people funding it . 
   the problem is many of them believe that your culture is bad and it could bring bad influence to their family . 
  they will doctrine their kids with their ultra conservative views and those kid could easily be harvested by hate preachers and islamist to fight the west you are aware we have hate preaching folks of a religious bent in the us that see nothing wrong with bombing abortion clinics or taking over government property at gun point , yeah ? 
  i 'm aware of what sort of people they are and to be perfectly honest , extreme islam is n't much different than abortion bombers . 
  its an ultra-conservative belief system that justifies murdering people in the name of an ideology . 
  hence `` enforces assimilation '' being a necessity . 
  i do n't like it but we do n't have a realistic choice if we want to take in legitimate refugees who fear for their lives without creating dangerous powder kegs . 
  possible . 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  rich people ca n't really afford personal security w/o the government to foot most of the bill . 
  much cheaper to offer them welfare . 
   i heared black ghettos are no go zones in usa for white people . 
  i heared los angeles has gangs with 10.000 + people which kill whites jsut for initiation rituals . 
  its bullshit . 
  yeah the problem is the rate of immigration and the parallel societies that have formed . 
  immigration in and of itself is good at a reasonable , sustainable rate that enables assimilation . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't additional muslim immigration make integration more impossible as parallel societies become more entrenched ? 
  they can come to germany or france and never have to interact with native europeans . 
  you are correct . 
  the simple fact is , tbh , the refugee/immigration policy needs to be re-thought in a way that enforces assimilation and prevents the enclaves from forming the way they have been . 
  lol, 
  lol, 
  lol . 
  lol, 
  such dedication lol . 
  awww < 3, 
  lol . 
   keep trying to get the last word in . 
  i 'm going to keep laughing at you . 
  hey man , you want to concede 7 times and try to get the last word in you can . 
  i 'm just going to lol . 
  lol . 
  you still ca n't take up the challenge of actually rebutting my argument . 
  haha . 
  you really need the last word that badly do n't you ? 
  lol, 
  your only argument was to make obviously false statements to anyone who has ever dealt with a computer network . 
  delude yourself all you want , pal . 
  i 'm laughing at you , not conceding . 
  your argument is a joke . 
  lol . 
  you clearly have no clue . 
  it 's like debating with a neanderthal . 
  pointless . 
   no , it 's an ` admissio n'that the model needs to read as many or as few as required . 
  to say that it will constitute a large proportion in abstract , without more information , is unsupported nonsense . 
  people would have to read and investigate the false positives that you admitted exist . 
  and if you tune it to minimize false negatives , there would be alot of those . 
   i 'm not sure what that has to do with radicalizing people , either . 
  let me put this in simple terms for you : simply making a registry of gun owners ( a list ) radicalizes people . 
  this is substantially more invasive than that and would result in a violent reaction if people really understood the implications . 
  if you start interfering with my ability to communicate privately and handle my money in a secure manner , i am going to resist with all the force available to me . 
   these devices already have ` legitimate ' remote access capabilities . 
  i 'm not sure why you think otherwise . 
  `` hey guys , wan , lan , and private networks are the same . '', 
  k buddy , just do n't even bother . 
   i 'm well aware of the existence of lousy legislation which is only tolerable because of prosecutorial discretion : i lived for a while in a place where over 50 % of the population were guilty of child sexual offences because there was no close-age exemption for any broadly defined sex act . 
  however , it would be safe to move that discretion from the executive to the judiciary , which is after all perfectly familiar with making public-interest tests on with only vague if not totally non-existent legislative guidance . 
  good luck cleaning up the laws to the point people do n't violate them regularly . 
  judges are elected in much of the us so that is n't as safe as you believe . 
   this results in higher error overall in terms of false positives , but for this application that does n't matter . 
  false positives are just investigated further before being discarded . 
  which is an admission you are going to read a very large quantity of innocent people 's private communications and radicalize them as a result . 
  that is a very bad idea . 
   your argument is for better backdoors rather than none at all . 
  my argument is pretty obvious . 
  no backdoor remains secure .
