france has a lower deficit than the uk , reached back its pre-crisis gdp before the uk did and its currency is controlled by a central bank that does no quantitative easing . 
  which is why we 're having to pay them a new subsidy ? 
  that 's odd , i have n't been sent notice of the date of the election and which polling station to go to . 
  gulf states pay the ransoms so they can fund terrorism . 
  generally , the most successful infrastructure projects are the ones that serve existing demand . 
  if the demand is there , and the project is viable , you 'd expect private investors to be lining up . 
  so what 's to stop a country implementing anti-business policies then just living off the revenues from countries where they promote a successful economy ? 
   by capacity, 
  in that case , there 's presumably little demand for such a thing so why is the eu funding it ? 
  project fear was dropped after the yes campaign surged in the polls . 
  maybe britain should have thought of that when ireland decided to leave . 
  oh wait we did , and the result was decades of bloodshed . 
  well done madrid , you 've outdone yourself in idiocy . 
  except the normans were seperate to the kingdom of france , hence the hundred years war . 
   what makes you think limiting the access to the labor market will solve the perceived problem ? 
  it 's about supply and demand . 
  the more workers there are , the less companies have to pay them . 
   why would n't businesses in that case focus either on outsourcing entire factories and research departments or on investing more into automation ? 
  that 's ok , british business does n't do investment . 
   you ca n't eat your cake and have it too . 
  of course we can . 
  countries outside of the eu can have their own immigration policy whilst still trading freely . 
  not if they 're just coming over to work in a takeaway . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable for germany to only accept immigrants that benefit its society . 
  wherever it was 15 years ago seems a good limit . 
  in the case of mainland europe , fund them via ransom payments . 
  yeah i bet people in sweden are thinking `` i wish i lived in a ghetto in mississippi , had no health care , no education and no chance of a first-world standard of living '', 
  why is energy efficiency good ? 
  it 's never reduced energy consumption in history . 
  it 'll be like that farcical ban on proper light bulbs . 
  the sooner britain is out of his mad-house the better . 
  people will just hoover for twice as long . 
  or use the electricity to do something else , that 's how it works . 
  energy efficiency does n't work . 
  so that people ca n't just get the food they 're selling for free . 
  the tories are already in office . 
  if they wanted to offer the people are referendum they could have done it already . 
  what 's the point in the lib dems ? 
  if you want to vote tory just vote tory , not their lackies . 
  cananda only allows in who they want , with a series of tests . 
  in the eu , you have to allow in everyone from romania , even if they just want to live under a bridge or run a slave brothel . 
  the only referendum we 've had on europe was a vote for a common market , not the bloated mess it 's turned into now . 
  you could do all that 25 years ago . 
  you still need a passport anyway for identification in many countries . 
  what 's the matter , scared that the breakup of the eu will mean all those yank companies fucking off from your tax haven and you having to actually build a real economy ? 
   and it 's an overblown issue imo that sort of attitude is why parties like ukip are thriving . 
  people are sick of the establishment 's arrogant attitude towards immigration . 
  yes , apologise for having an opinion contrary to your european masters . 
  apologise for voting the ` wrong ' way . 
  apologise for having a say . 
  apologise for thinking that democracy meant you were allowed to decide what happens , and not just accept what you 're told . 
   there has n't bee n a major war in western europe since ww2 yeah and this rock i have keeps bears away . 
  of course there has n't been a major war in western europe , the place is full of american military bases , they would n't allow it . 
  not a surprise the irish like the eu . 
  it 's allowed them to grow an economy on the back of companies opening an office there to dodge taxes and regulations in the other european countries where they actually do business . 
  except the uk . 
  all these ` none dead weights ' add up . 
  it 's not like foreign aid is the only place we piss money up the wall . 
  no , it 's all worked perfectly . 
  except the usa did n't work . 
  ever heard of the civil war ? 
  its root causes were the economic and cultural differences between the north and the south . 
  it will be total shit but we 're not allowed to say that because it 's a proper , serious competition full of really talented acts who wo n't disappear off the radar in the civilised world five minutes after the show ends . 
  a hundred hours community work , yeah that 's going to teach him . 
  and meanwhile when the authorities turn up half an hour later , your family 's been attacked , your stuff 's been taken and the thief has fled . 
  easy for you paddies to say that , you exported your gyppos to the uk so we have to deal with them . 
  they do n't have a problem , they * are * the problem , it 's everyone else who has to deal with them . 
  to correllate ` travellers ' with ` african-americans ' is ridiculous . 
  being an american-american is something you are , being a traveller is something you do . 
  why should people freeze just so eu bureaucrats can play at imperialism ? 
  first they came for the crimeans , who were pretty happy because they 're russian and would rather be ruled by moscow than kiev . 
  your little story breaks down pretty quickly . 
  europe has particularly high sales taxes though . 
  people buy these things because they 're expensive . 
  why should they have handed it over ? 
  the union/republic of india had , and has no historic right to goa . 
  who is ` we ' ? 
  each state can decide its own immigration policy . 
  britain would probably benefit from all the ex-pats being returned . 
  we 'd gain all the skilled workers and rich retirees living in europe , and get rid of all the unskilled workers on benefits . 
  who is ` we ' ? 
  each state can decide its own immigration policy . 
  britain would probably benefit from all the ex-pats being returned . 
  we 'd gain all the skilled workers and rich retirees living in europe , and get rid of all the unskilled workers on benefits . 
  how can you be centre-left and pro-european ? 
  the eu is a right-wing organisation designed to force the workers into a race to the bottom in wages and working conditions , for the benefit of corporations . 
  did all those countries that declared independence from the british empire wait for imperial consent ? 
  you 're ca n't get away with raping the sea just because it earns you a living . 
  being assailed by a mob of thugs ? 
  just give in , do n't bother fighting back . 
  europe needs some george zimmermans . 
  when you 're poor , spending money on electronics gives you the best bang for your buck entertainment wise . 
  when you live in a shitty little house , the weather 's shitty , you do n't have anywhere to go , you 're going to be spending your time watching tv or playing on the computer . 
   we have different levels of welfare and benefits in the eu . 
  which is exactly the problem , people will flock to wherever the benefits are most generous , putting such a burden on the welfare system it will have to be reformed or abandoned . 
  if brussels disagrees with them , then they must be right . 
  brussels also recently said that it 's not allowed to keep murderers in prison for life . 
  what 's the point in even having a justice system ? 
  how exactly do they determine a ` fair ' rate for a tunnel under the channel ? 
  i do n't see how abandoned bikes are a problem .
