my name is assad to and i try to be as nice as i can sir , as far as bashar al-assad i never said that he is a good guy , just that when he was in power his country was not perfect but much much better than now , at least his people did not migrate in masses . 
  one proven example they even admitted this one , let 's see when next operations will be unveiled . 
  no it led to a civil war because protestants became weapons as powerful as the syrian army from somewhere , which isis is also using now . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat they have been doing this to middle eastern countries since ever , just take who wants to make the country stable and better from power and put someone who will completely mess it up , so they will need centuries again to be what they were . 
  today we know about this coup that happened 50-60 years ago , in 50 years you will learn what else has happened , there are to many things behind the stage . 
  that 's why before destroying a country you have to make sure you create a malefic image of their government , so if russia would help syria directly 50 % of the world would say russia helped the bad guys , while russia would be helping stabilize syria and with that taking power from isis which are the actual bad guys . 
  so why are they pointing out `` muslim '' like it has something to do with islam , it 's just absurd and shameful if a muslim does or says something to associate it with islam . 
  there are many crazy people in this word but we ca n't take each one of them and associate them to their religious groups . 
   i do n't like what this country is doing so i will associate it only with it 's leader who i will call a dictator . 
  this type , that 's why i used `` dictator '' . 
  i mean he was harsh , and media says that he was corrupt , but as long as egyptian economy and standard of life was good ... just look how hard they are trying to make erdogan look like a dictator to . 
  i hope erdogan chooses to go with putin , with his help he can protect turkey . 
  no they do n't , but with their `` dictator '' they were a pretty stable country compared to now . 
   if the coup had succeeded , turkey likely would have descended into open civil war with no end in sight , and with all hope for democracy extinguished . 
  what happened in many other muslim countries , which are now in unstable situations , maybe we must realize that not every country in the world is ready to work under the concept of `` democracy '' we have in europe ? 
  i mean syria had assad , who was not the ideal person maybe but it was 1000 times better than it 's now , what about egypt , also unstableand used to be a country growing economically . 
  i think someone tried to do the exact same thing with turkey , good that it did not happen , but who ever tried to do it will now try to create a demonic image of erdogan to try bring him down somehow , i mean powerful countries do n't like people who do n't bend to their wishes in countries that are key for strategical points . 
  eli5 please , do n't get it , what does he mean , i 'm muslim and i know that traditionally almost in every muslim country boys get circumcision , but never heard about something similar about women . 
  i said the women who wear the full burqa should not , it should be prohibited since it can be misused , but with the hijab the face is visible and therefore no danger for the society , and who wants to wear it can do it freely . 
  that 's what i said . 
  we are talking here about prohibiting the full burqa , not prohibiting women from having their hair uncovered . 
  the work would have been a more adequate word to use . 
  ( the work of covering the hair ), 
  exactly , thanks . 
  but the reason is which i stated right ? 
   hijab is fine , no threat to security whatsoever but i just ca n't grasp a reasoning behind it though . 
  hijab is not only a thing in islam , bible and torah for example also talk about it . 
  women and men are built this way , we are different ( does n't mean we should not have same rights or one is better ) but we both have our positive and negative characteristics . 
  and one of men 's weakness are women , we can easily lose our mind for them ( we get to easily seduced by them ) , their body is just built that way that it activates our instincts , that 's why the religions mostly tell women to cover the most seductive parts of their body , it 's just to protect from being looked at by every man and activating their sexual instincts ( sounds funny but do n't know how to describe it ) . 
  it sounds unfair , but that 's how nature made us . 
  you can be as educated as you want but you will fall for this instinct ( maybe being a bit more discrete ) . 
  i hope it was understandable , my english is weak . 
  my only point here is that it does present no inconvenience nor risk for the people around , like the full burqa where the face is not recognizable . 
  if someone wants to wear a hijab which covers their head should be free to do it like someone who wants to wear a cappy . 
  hey we can drink bier without alcohol , we can at least integrate 50 %, 
  i 'm muslim and i think these full burqas should be banned , a normal hijab does the job and should not be restricted . 
  if i have given you somehow the feeling of that i think man should have more rights than women because of my first comment , i do n't . 
  everyone should have the same rights , and also islam gives women a lot of respect and rights , does n't look like that because we muslims forgot how to islam  ( a muslim who had to leave his country for believing a little different , so i know how muslims are n't the role models of this century , but it can change maybe in some years ), 
  i think considering the situation of that country it 's the best thing someone who wants to help can do . 
  it would bring stability , after that the assad matter can be solved , the most important thing would be to stop the isis group , and it will be so much more easier with assad . 
  but i think some of the countries that are trying to `` help '' , do n't have their priorities set right, 
  now it 's turkey 's turn , when turkey is destroyed and also one of many other muslim nations with war who will be the next country ? 
  i think iran will be the last one . 
  one by one . 
  not a joke , the joker :p, 
  i was just joking about the fact that they get angry real quick . 
  yeah of course i can teach my children about my beliefs and culture but they do n't have to follow them , it 's easy said but when it happens i suppose one gets mad at their kids . 
  and btw , why namaste ? 
  are you indian or did you confuse pakistan with india ? 
  well yea in that perspective god would also be `` magic '' that 's what you mean right ? 
  but what i believe is that there is a god ( who created the universe ) but he let 's the universe work on his own ( physic ) so everything that happens , happens on the own rules of the universe and god does not interfere except with his prophets with whom he tried to tell about his existence and back when we had no tolerance and humanity teach us these aspects which now at least in western countries are logical on how we have to treat other humans , or help poor people , ill people etc. 
  yea , it can all be connected actually judaism , christianity , islam . 
  in quran all these religions are like a continuation , i mean actually jesus was also meant to continuo the teachings of moses but the jews did not accept him . 
  at the end imagine on judgement day god laughing at us for being so stupid , `` you guys did n't realize it was a trilogy '' . 
  jesus , mohammed and all the other prophets chillin in paradise together drinking jesus 's special water to wine . 
  and we here hating on each other . 
  i do n't say he made it mixing stuff i have no idea tbh , was just trying to explain that sometimes we consider some things that are beyond our understanding `` magical '' . 
  no , not god , an angel and he did not appear in front of him but in his visions ( that 's no magic , but a way to deliver god 's message in muhammad sws 's dreams ) . 
  well yeah we are the most moderate thinking , at least in islam , we do n't believe in magic or ghosts that can possess you , you can understand all this things in a different way that they make sense and probably they were meant to mean that , i think the prophets what they actually intended was to leave us a guideline to be good human beings . 
  but there are always people who twist things up and turn it into wars and hate . 
  my sister ( 11 ) did an experiment with `` food starch '' ( speisest\u00e4rke ) , where it 's solid but soft when it 's in a bowl apply pressure it becomes hard , break a piece off and let it slowly fall from your hand it behaves like liquid , my mother thought it was something like magic . 
  sometimes things happen which we because of our limited knowledge perceive as magic . 
  i 'm sure jesus was much smarter than many people , he had good knowledge ( according to quran ) in herbalism to heal wounds . 
  never researched on that water to wine thing but i 'm sure there is an logical explanation to that also . 
  edit : and in islam jesus is a prophet , not the son of god, 
  well we also believe that he did not die on the cross , he survived ( was almost dead ) thanks to his own teaching of herbalism , and he left and lived some years in other part of the world . 
   * jesus had prophesied that his fate would be like that of jonah ( the story of jonah is one of survival ) . 
  [ matt 12:40 ] * jesus was placed on the cross for only a few hours . 
  death by crucifixion usually takes several days . 
  while he was on the cross his legs were left intact , and not broken as was the normal procedure . 
  this would have prevented death by respiratory distress . 
  as blood and water were reported to have ` gushed ' from the spear wound , this was sign of a beating heart . 
  * pilate , having sympathy for jesus , secretly devised to save him by setting his crucifixion shortly before sabbath day . 
  * the gospel of john records that nicodemus brought myrrh and aloes [ john 19:39 ] . 
  these healing plants , particularly aloe plants , are considered medicinal and applied to wounds . 
  it would make little sense applying them to a dead body . 
  * after he had awoken from his swoon ( `` resurrection '' ) , jesus bared his wounds to thomas [ john 20:25 -27 ] , showing he did not have a supernatural , resurrected body , but a wounded human body . 
  he was also seen in the flesh by a large number of his followers , baring the same wounds that he had suffered from his ordeal on the cross . 
  [ luke 24:38 -39 ] * after his wounds had sufficiently healed jesus left the tomb and met some of his disciples and had his food with them and walked from jerusalem to galilee . 
  [ luke 24:50 ] * jesus had prophesied that he would go to seek out the lost ten tribes of israel [ john 10:16 ] . 
  the jews of jesus 's time believed that the lost tribes of israel had become dispersed in different lands . 
  [ john 7:34 -35 ] * being a divine prophet , jesus could not have died on a cross because according to the bible `` he that is hanged is accursed of god . '' [ deut 21:23 ] * when joseph requested jesus ' body from the cross [ mark 15:43 ] , pilate asked a centurion if jesus was already dead [ mark 15:44 ] . 
  the centurion confirmed that jesus was already dead [ mark 15:45 ] . 
  this centurion was a believer that jesus was the son of god [ mark 15:39 ] . 
  * there are no accounts in the gospel of jesus ascending into the heavens , aside from accounts that were absent from the earliest written gospels . 
  * after surviving crucifixion , jesus fled to galilee . 
  jesus ( along with several disciples ) later left palestine to further preach the gospel to the lost tribes of israel [ john 10:16 ] -- that had scattered as far as afghanistan and northern india . 
  he eventually settled in kashmir where he was given the name yuz asaf ( meaning `` leader of the healed '' / `` son of joseph '' ) . 
  [ citation needed ] see also the natural death of jesus https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesus_in_ahmadiyya_islam#death_of_jesus, 
  these things surely can be interpreted differently , i do n't know in which context they have been written but `` rose himself from death '' in the quran is used as dead spiritually ( your faith is dead ) , maybe ? 
  free ? 
  thanks , i live in germany now . 
  i agree that ahmadiyya is probably the most compatible version of islam to the western society , but not because we tried to adapt it just because that 's how mirza ghulam ahmad ( the founder of ahmadiyya , who we consider imam mahdi ) teach to interprete the quran , people take quran to literally while you have to understand it figuratively depending on the context . 
  also the meaning of jihad , he said it 's not a war of sword but a war of quill ( pen , he refers to knowledge , that 's because of bombing the jihadist should make ) . 
  if you want to spread something ( jihad is meant to spread the message of islam ) become exemplary , so people want to be like you or at least respect you . 
  by killing innocent people and children not only christians but also muslims ( like they do in syria , pakistan , afghanistan etc ) they wo n't achieve nothing , and if they expect someone coming from the sky who does some magic and their wishes get accomplished ( isis expect something like that ) they can wait long , this things never happened even the biggest prophets like jesus and mohammed did not get any magical powers to get things done , they just had to spread a message and teach people . 
  are the clubs in whole netherlands mostly free entry ? 
  there are also chairs on which you can pray , but if you want to pray the salah ( namaz ) in which you go to the ground with your forehead for some seconds , the salah ( namaz ) is not something you do while sitting it includes diffrent positions , stand , lean forward with hands on your knees , forehead in the ground etc ( if you pray at morning it 's almost like yoga ) . 
  i believe that salah ( namaz ) had also this purpose , it 's divided perfectly on your day morning on the sun-rise ( time to wake up ) , then like at 13 ( break ) then 17:30 ( end of work ) and so on . 
  it can help get a good routine and become active .
