  also , `` the british ... in their history '' , or `` britain ... in its history '' , you ca n't mix and match . 
  that 's what pretty much everyone did . 
  towards the end of the second world war , everyone suddenly decided they did n't like the nazis , and that giving them the tools to terrorise europe was n't so hot an idea after all . 
  * coughswedencough *, 
  glacial rebound , maybe . 
  it 's possible the land was lower down . 
  so you want to sanction turkey as well as russia , all while brexit is happening ? 
  sounds ... ambitious . 
   i do n't think the annexation of sudetenland was entirely wrong . 
  things that followed the annexation were entirely wrong . 
  sudetenland had like 90 % of germans , it was a recipe for disaster that eventually really happened . 
  you do n't see the connection ? 
  when minorities inside countries are treated as giving rise to territorial claims , it incentivises the state towards ethnic cleansing . 
  this is a large part of the reason why we decided this shit had to stop . 
  russia = / = the ussr . 
  they need to retake eastern europe & large parts of central asia , more than doubling their population along the way . 
  then they need to economically develop those areas so they are n't impoverished anymore . 
  this is essentially impossible . 
  and they 'd still wake up to the fact that the world has moved on , and that other areas that used to be weaker have increased their population and level of development . 
  horse is n't a masculine word in english , it 's the generic name of the animal . 
  mares are horses . 
  every instance of the word horse in your post would need to be replaced with the word stallion for it to make sense ( although it is redundant to specify uncut stallion , as a cut horse is called a gelding ) . 
   i think not in my view back when the uk was a empire you had the above attitude you where a superpower everyone in the world respected that and would give you everything you wanted to stay on your good side hah , that 's never been europe 's attitude to the uk , british empire or no . 
  the british empire never acted in europe without strong allies , either . 
  the physical size of a country is a lot less important than you think . 
  australia ? 
  lol . 
  india and brazil , sure , if they ever get their shit together , they 'll be very economically powerful . 
  he did n't choose the article . 
  / u/blackstonebite chose the article and posted it for discussion . 
  hah , un-european . 
  do you know anyone with un-german views , my friend ? 
  perhaps you 'd like to give me their names for my little notebook . 
  un-federalist would be a much better term . 
  wow , this is a minefield of a comment to respond to , is n't it ? 
  swiss people bleed green and can project a stream of acid thirty feet . 
  i 've seen it happen . 
  i 'll level with you , i searched europe america map and used one of the first few results . 
  i do n't have the work ethic to do it myself . 
  just pretend california seceeded . 
  partly , the mercantilist system kept a lot of countries down ( colonised vs free states have no real difference in performance , basically only japan modernises in the colonial period ) . 
  but europe was enormously superior to those countries to begin with , which is why it was the place which was strong enough to dominate and whose technology and organisational structures everyone else had to copy in order to become successful . 
  why did this happen ? 
  because europe took up the scientific method , undertook reforms and industrialised far in advance of everyone else . 
  russians are n't genetically identical to americans . 
  americans are much richer . 
  therefore , according to you , there 's a strong prima facie case that americans are genetically superior to russians , and the burden of proof is on you to rebut it . 
  [ here 's another one . 
  first we stole their royal family , then we stole the rest . 
  and the reason you have a whole continent of gangsters peddling coke and murder all the way to your doorstep and beyond is ... ? 
  south america sure has a lot of chaos and murder , but at least the us did n't sit idle . 
  it went out there and created it . 
  anyway , we both know if anyone intervened in any meaningful way the us would stick its nose in and ruin it , just like they did with suez . 
  germany . 
  in particular , germany after ww1 . 
  or present day russia , take your pick . 
  yeah , the debt was greece 's fault . 
  the way the eu has dealt with it has simply been deluded , setting completely unrealistic goals , crushing the greek economy with austerity and then giving a fresh bailout with new , equally impossible terms . 
  a reality based approach that took into account greece 's actual ability to pay would have cost far less . 
  the ussr was also about twice as large in terms of population . 
  it 's a huge change , but it 's often politically inconvenient to dwell on that . 
  i never said it was . 
  that 's pretty awful reading comprehension you have there ... perhaps you 're partial to the odd spot of drooling yourself ? 
  what i said was that the west 's continued success is pretty puzzling if we - that 's a plural pronoun - in particular are supposedly so infested with `` drooling retards '' . 
  i never personally took credit for my country ; if you like you can read through my post history and you 'll see i do n't refer to my country as ` we ' or ` us ' , i refer to it by its name . 
  however , it 'd be strange to refer to the people of the west , a group of which i am a member , as `` they '' . 
  yeah , we in the west are particularly stupid . 
  that 's why we 're so poor and backwards . 
  did you fail to read my post as well as your own source ? 
  your source says britain is third . 
  t-h-i-r-d . and yet you are using it to justify arguing that britain is second . 
  s-e-c-o-n-d . 
  they 're different , no ? 
  it says third , you cite it as saying second . 
  your reply has nothing at all to do with my post . 
  your own `` source '' has the uk as the third `` largest '' ( actually strongest ) military in europe , behind france and italy . 
  yes , that is ridiculous , but it 's still what your source says . 
  your own `` source '' has the uk as the third `` largest '' ( actually strongest ) military in europe , behind france and italy . 
  yes , that is ridiculous , but it 's still what your source says . 
  it 's begun . 
  i did n't . 
  probably . 
  they 're pretty fucking gullible . 
  he 's already done all the damage he can do . 
  i know that sounds like the kind of thing people say right before the person they 're talking about does something even more awful , but trust me , he 's all used up . 
   but the crash did n't even offset the gains from the past few decades by very much at all . 
  about five yearsin gdp , far more in terms of actual wages . 
   they certainly do n't require protectionism , isolationism and rejection of trade that is being peddled as the savior today . 
  sure . 
  they do demonstrate that neo-cons are n't very good at building stable societies , though ; when you continually make a large section of the population 's living standards worse , they are going to look for answers elsewhere . 
  the worse things are for them , the more radical the solutions they turn to . 
  just like the crash was a coincidence , right ? 
  certainly not something that suggests a large part of the boom growth was illusory to begin with . 
  partly it 's just what happens in a repressentative democracy . 
  a lot of people have incredibly stupid or mad views . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/mar/29/boris-johnson-channel-4 ) there 's a good segment which is more damning out there somewhere , where he gets really grilled about it , but i ca n't remember what programme it was on . 
  boris johnson has an unlimited supply of gall . 
  did you know he once tried to have a journalist beaten up ? 
   secondly , ussr won the war , not the uk , not the usa , ussr .
