  personally , i am generally against deporting terrorists . 
  most of the regimes they would be sent to are not credible in the long term , and so we ca n't be sure they wo n't be released in ten or twenty years when the us knocks over their state or there 's a rebellion or a coup . 
  not to mention that mussolini guy running the sncf like clockwork . 
  they do in the uk , too . 
  plumbers in particular , for some reason . 
  hungary gets a shitload of money from eu countries every year , just for being a shithole . 
   take japan , for example , their population is three times larger than the united kingdoms not even twice as large , actually . 
  hang on , i 'll call an ethicist . 
  this is one for the experts . 
  if you 're serious , it says `` all the love '' . 
  you do n't have to rehearse text posts , because they 're text . 
   correct . 
  which begs the question what did they do all that time ? 
  partisan scheming , i think . 
  right , and until then the uk was n't wasting any of the two year period . 
  if you think what you mean by unilateral disarmament is at all clear , you are completely mistaken . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the negotiation period is only just beginning . 
  the last year or so has n't been on the clock , and no one in the eu was interested in negotiating during that time . 
  i mean , yes , it looks like the uk * will * waste a lot of time , but it has n't had the chance yet . 
   your government is staying in power with the support of unionist terrorists it 'd be culturally insensitive to ask them not to be terrorists . 
  they could have a leaving mechanism that actually gives countries enough time to sort everything out , rather than insisting on a 2 year timescale everyone agrees is basically impossible . 
  that 'd help . 
  a reminder that the justification for this stupid system is that it 's supposed to lead to strong governments annnnnd ... we 've had 2 hung parliaments in a decade . 
  what would france be like if they had n't picked up the idea of slaughtering french nobility from the english ? 
  bloodly slow learners , though , took a few hundred years for it to catch on . 
   deaths at sea went up by 1600 % . 
  uh ... great . 
  that 's what we all want , of course , for people to drown . 
  shit , am i going to get on some kind of list browing this subreddit ? 
  no , trust him , poland actively avoids compliance with every single regulation . 
  there 's a massive government department and everything dedicated to it , it 's called the fuck the eu department , you know , but in polish , but you probably have n't heard about it before because the government hushed it up . 
  it 's all a conspiracy . 
  tomorrow has no bearing on the uk leaving . 
  of course , the french government would never dream of misguided military adventurism in africa . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  he completely schooled you . 
  pick a better example or give up . 
  basically , france 's problem was that they had n't got any kind of banking system in place , other than finding rich people and begging them for money ( and maybe paying them back ) . 
  as such , they could n't smooth out the cost of big , expensive events , like wars , in the way the dutch or the english could . 
  fuck , you got me . 
  i had the screen cleaner out and everything . 
  i do n't know how you could possibly sustain that argument . 
  it 's fairer that students might , if they 're successful , have to pay more money for their education , even when everyone else still has to pay the same amount to subsidise them ? 
  that 's insane . 
   we 're not stupid enough to think a second coalition so soon after the first would do us any favours . 
  the lib dems were stupid enough for a while , last i heard ( mid april ) tim farron was dodging the question of whether he 'd rule out coalition with may , having already ruled out one with corbyn . 
  i just checked and i see that 's changed , but it certainly was policy . 
  a cardboard cut-out could make may look foolish . 
  she 's like one of those useless supply teachers . 
  ni was n't solved militarily . 
  it was solved by coming to terms with and accommodating terrorists . 
  maybe that 's a tough pill to swallow , but it 's true . 
  corbyn just agrees with previous , successful government policy . 
   i wo n't go into the intricacies of why this was n't as bad as everyone made it out to be ( and people still bang on about it now ) but it actually made university attendance increase quite a fair bit no , that was an existing trend that continued . 
  the policy is more or less objectively terrible , having failed to actually save the taxpayer any money . 
   right now we 've positioned ourselves as the only national pro-eu party though even that has n't done us many favours since no one gives a shit about brexit any more apparently . 
  the lib dems does n't have the slimmest prospect of accomplishing that this election , which is the only one where it 's a relevant policy consideration . 
  they also promised not to form a coalition with labour , and only not with labour , cementing their image as yellow tories . 
  of course the left of the party is n't going to come crawling back , that 's what made them leave in the first place . 
   the last two years have made me very salty you have nothing to be salty about except the political incompetence of your own party . 
  nah , turkey would probably lose fairly badly in an invasion of greece . 
  while turkey has more soldiers , materially the two sides are equivalent and greece would have an enormous defender 's advantage - the whole country is mountainous . 
  furthermore , the turkish army 's officer corps is divided and , you know , keeps being purged . 
  of course , with brexit the eu 's total military expenditure will be closer to 145 billion . 
  maybe ? 
  it 's a huge pain in the arse in the sciences , so you need a strong external motivation of some kind to do it . 
  you do n't translate 99 % of scientific research into dutch for fun . 
  a rich man 's duterte ? 
  the only constitutional norm we have re taxes is that the government has to ask parliament . 
  the only constitutional norm that binds parliament is the one that relates to the constitution ( what parliament means , who makes it up ) and powers of parliament itself . 
  not really . 
  the constitutional norm re : passing laws does obviously involve parliament but in 1777 , and beyond , did not require that parliament was in any way representative of the population . 
  `` to be '' not `` to have been all along '' . 
  he recognised its accuracy , given that they were de facto independent and it was n't worth it to make it otherwise . 
   no parliament had ever taxed them before . 
  that does n't in any way suggest a constitutional bar on doing so . 
  which ones ? 
  this is a trick question , because they 're almost certainly in a trading block of their own . 
  you 're quoting from the treaty of paris , which concluded the war , not the uk 's constitution ( lol ) . 
  you ca n't violate a treaty before it 's signed , and a treaty is not a constitution . 
  l-m-a-o . 
  of course . 
  every weapon the uk buys from spain is one more weapon they ca n't be used against it in the inevitable invasion . 
  it stands to reason . 
   the british government violated its constitution holy shit , what do they teach you over there ? 
  you 're still wanted for piracy , which is not a minor crime . 
  a tiny subset of our population loves this shit . 
  1 ) the imf does n't set credit ratings , lol . 
  no international body does , it 's done by credit rating agencies and ultimately by the buyers of government bonds . 
  2 ) failing to pay ( in this case arguably ) pledged money is not the same as failing to pay a debt , and wo n't affect the uk 's credit rating . 
  3 ) icj jurisdiction is wholly voluntary , therefore the eu still needs to convince the uk . 
  it also risks losing the case in the icj because the treaties do not cover continued payments after the termination of membership . 
  really ? 
  and how will the eu compel the uk to pay short of convincing the government it 's a good idea ? 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  the council of europe disagrees . 
  i do n't think it 's odd , and i do n't think you do either . 
  every powerful country has done some awful shit at some point , and they all condemn other countries when they do the same . 
  all of the allies , for example , not just britain .
