which country 's that ? 
  austria is less than 5 difference , uk is only 3.5 . 
  it 's true that some countries have a really big difference , though , yeah . 
  the smaller ones , too . 
  it 's pretty close to an elevation map until you pass poland . 
  they live longer ( naturally and behaviourally reinforced ) and generally retire earlier . 
  no surprise there . 
  your whole post was mistakenly and rather rudely correcting someone else , pointing that out is n't nitpicking . 
  sorry you 're too insecure to accept when you 're wrong with good grace . 
  no , the verbal nature is n't the problem at all , i never suggested that . 
  read the actual words i am using , rather than what you think i am saying . 
  a bare promise , whether given in print or said aloud , is not binding . 
  you need something called consideration to make a binding contract . 
  this can be in the form of detrimental reliance rather than a promise in kind but this is really only in special circumstances and does n't apply - baasically , ca n't possibly apply - to the hypothetical . 
  i am legally trained , i do not need to study up on contract law to explain a basic point to a layman . 
  the longer you argue with me about this the more foolish you will look . 
  a bare promise does n't create a binding contract , so that 's not true . 
  is that a good analogy for the uk-eu situation ? 
  fuck no . 
  but speaking strictly with regard to the hypothetical , i 'm afraid you 're the ignorant one . 
  not remotely what i 'm saying . 
  if you just look at the north you 'd have a distorted picture of the country , too , because you 'd think the uk is much poorer than it is . 
  just look at london and you think it 's richer . 
  just because one is poorer than the other does n't make it more real or authentically british . 
  that 's extremely out of date . 
  china has tanked its forex reserves by over a trillion dollars trying to shore up the yuan . 
  accusing china of currency depreciating these days is just crazy . 
  what kind of mental gymnastics do you have to go through to think that london and the south are some kind of weird artificial bubble that has nothing to do with the ` real ' england when they 're more populous than the north ? 
  they make up almost 30 % of the country . 
  a huge chunk of the country ca n't be a fake representation of it . 
  she was asking for it , dressed like that . 
  i 'm actually really interested in that last one . 
  why do n't we all just do that for a bit ? 
  at least give it a try , you know , see how it pans out . 
  london is more real , i.e. 
  representative of england , than manchester is , manchester is fucking tiny . 
  being shit does n't make something automatically more real . 
  he also promised not to resign , literally no-one believed him . 
  it 's just something that he and some conservatives had to pretend they thought was true . 
  only because it collapsed . 
  i 'm not sure that makes things less depressing . 
  you sound brexasperated . 
  a lot of us already despised her for being a petty tyrant hellbent on destroying the rule of law . 
  that france , always obstructing the eu . 
  ah , never tried it so i would n't know . 
  prices did look a little too good for decent quality . 
  poor country , english is a second language in the north but they might well get the tests in english ( possibly ? ) . 
  mostly it 's poverty , though , and our country has shit schools in poor areas . 
  they do n't in the uk , the country this topic is about . 
  i 'm not sure how many people responding to me are genuinely ignorant about that and how many are people who do know but ca n't resist a bit of chauvinistic sneering . 
  anyway , i do n't think it 's reasonable to complain about a negative assessment of aldi 's bread , already made in comparison with other supermarkets , with ` lol supermarket breads all sucks ' . 
  firstly , it does n't . 
  secondly , even if it did , aldi 's would be the worst of the lot - alongside morrisons , which also makes bad bread - because it 's a relative comparison between them and in a country where people buy a lot of bread from supermarkets , that is a relevant consideration . 
  at the end of the day , aldi 's bread sucks , and they sell this weird dense ball of rubber in place of mozarella . 
  otherwise they 're fine . 
  that 's my opinion , as someone who lives in the uk , on the chain as it is in the uk ; it seemed relevant to the topic . 
  some supermarkets have perfectly good bakeries inside of them . 
  aldi just is n't one of them . 
  i make my own bread fresh every few days , this is n't really a good topic to have a snobbery off with me on . 
  their mozarella bears no resemblance whatsoever to the real cheese . 
  bread is a bit dodgy too . 
  otherwise , not bad . 
  it 's impressive in the vast majority of european countries , for a supermarket job . 
  what country do you live in ? 
   a multipolar world , when done right , would most likely lead to peace , because cooperation is needed . 
  russia is just too small to be a ` pole ' on its own , or even with its regional ` allies ' . 
  it 's poor at the moment , obviously , but even if it were as rich as the usa ( relative to pop size ) it 'd still have too few people . 
  it 's not irrelevant , obviously , but it 's not ever going to be in the usa , let alone the west 's , league without a lot more people and a lot more development . 
  depends on what you 're talking about . 
  bursaries for musicians , sure , people will go on making music if you cut them . 
  if you cut museum funding , no-one 's going to step into that breach . 
  in this case , ` generations of tsars ' . 
  beat the french . 
  good enough . 
  betws y coed * i grew up in snowdonia . 
  if you 're after some peace hike the trail along the surrounding mountains intead , you get a good view of snowdon and it 's pretty empty outside peak season . 
  oh , could be . 
  lots of these flags are based on jokes , so it 'd make sense . 
  the black is probably from the the welsh affiliated flag of saint david in the first place , unless it was made by a cornish nationalist . 
  ugly flag , though . 
  bulking out and centering the ni cross is very unaesthetic . 
  the irish flag is the wrong colour , it should be dark blue . 
  this would also help differentiate it from leinster 's . 
  we do . 
  why , i bought three poles and a lithuanian just yesterday , and with god 's grace a strong whip hand they 'll have my galley to lubeck afore the sabbath . 
  they fought against napoleon in the war of the sixth coalition , which ended in the partioning of his polish puppet state . 
  it 's right here in the polish book of grudges . 
  pretty sure being a small country is weighted favourably in these rankings . 
  swiss ... cheese ? 
  never heard of it . 
  i sometimes feel bad for may , until i remember she 's a force of pure evil determined to destroy any semblance of privacy , decency or the rule of law . 
  hey , appeasement worked out great for germany the first time . 
  the price is too high . 
  nah , we switched to calling it krakow ages ago . 
  no accent mark , obviously , that 's too much work to type and we do n't really know what it means anyway . 
  i never compared it to city states , that was a different guy . 
  if you say `` the uk is a tiny country '' without adding `` relative to the rest of the world '' then you 're not comparing it to the rest of the world combined but to other countries in general , in which case the uk is n't tiny at all . 
  the constant wanking over the uk 's size is just as tiresome as the oversized sense of importance some people in this country have , and ten times as common . 
   it 's tiny , no country on the other side of the planet will change their economy because of what is happening there . 
  in that particular case , size of economy market is what matters , not how much of the world 's crust it occupies .
