  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  it really is n't . 
  secede is only used when talking about supranational federations of non-sovereign or quasi-sovereign states . 
  eu treaties do n't use this term because they would not pass . 
  withdraw , but i 'm not particular about it . 
  quit , leave , whatever is fine . 
  secede is not the appropriate term , as i imagine you know . 
  at least you do n't have british management , it could be worse . 
   ( we were one of most loyal allies of napoleon and we stayed loyal to the end ) yeah , but you guys have your good points , too . 
  that was actually the ( intended ) main thrust of the joke , that the polish legions were n't on britain 's side . 
  poland not existing then and more generally in the past was supposed to be the more subtle joke . 
  the soviet position in europe was stronger than the us/british one at the end of the war - more troops , more armour . 
  realistically , the only option for pushing back the soviets would have been to armistice with the nazis before they were totally defeated or to nuke them a bunch . 
  either way , europe was already on the brink of famine and did n't have the resources to continue the fighting . 
  maybe if the rest of europe had n't collaborated with the nazis so enthusiastically , they could have been beaten in a shorter timeframe . 
  things that are never there when you need them : * glasses * socks * toothpaste * poland in 1806, 
   i have no good will towards the uk , to me they are a threat to humanity , they want to close borders and regard me as garbage who does n't have the right to live in the uk just because i 'm foreign . 
  is this a parody ? 
  you know the eu has an external border and does n't automatically grant foreigners the right to enter , right ? 
  eastern europe would leave in a shot if they did n't , for a start . 
  that sounds like a fucking incredible job . 
  how many hawks does he have ? 
  nah , it 's true . 
  we are hideous . 
  i caught sight of myself in the mirror yesterday and i still ca n't keep down solid food . 
  i did my primary education in north wales , so i largely learned about how many englishmen owain glyndwr killed . 
  it was a lot . 
  i do n't remember it being so aesthetic and well designed . 
  the french guy looks so french i feel like there is no way anyone could get this mixed up . 
  welsh was never at the stage irish is now , and the government 's attempts to spread the language in e.g. 
  cardiff are mostly unsuccessful . 
  in northern wales , welsh is naturally the primary language of communication for most people , and so it is easy to spread . 
  the orange order was one of the ni groups i was thinking of . 
  maybe that 's an unfair characterisation of them . 
  they might have 50,000 members but they do n't have 50,000 on their marches - about 10 % of that , 20 % if you count everyone who comes to gawk at them . 
  yes , they make a lot of noise , that 's their sole purpose , but that 's not a big march . 
  they 're not a dominant political force . 
   at the moment , there 's huge anti-catholic and anti-irish marches going on in the u.k. from glasgow to liverpool no , there are n't . 
  in britain there are tiny marches organised by the edl or northern irish , yes , but not often . 
  france has actual soldiers on the streets . 
  has n't done much . 
  it really is , is n't it ? 
  because the uk never crushed and assimilated with the same verve as , say , the french . 
  as such , there are a lot of these very old divisions inside it . 
  and they say germans have no sense of humour . 
  is it normal to park your car in the river in lithuania ? 
   as far as i know , welsh does not have the same level of recognition outside wales ( or even inside ) . 
  well , it does . 
  inside wales , you can do all those things . 
  that was literally the only thing you said that i did n't take issue with , as i said in my last post . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't agree that you have any grounds for the other things you said . 
   or you could that 's not a logical segue from anything i said . 
  i did n't suggest i or anyone else do anything . 
   getting your pants wet you 're projecting . 
  well , firstly , i never said anything of the sort . 
  what i did was make an ironic comment about the supposed benefits of mandatory unpaid work , aka slavery . 
  secondly , it would n't be ` the fact that work even unpaid blah blah blah ' implying anything about your beliefs - facts ca n't do that - but your drawing attention to that specific ahem ` fact ' and the context in which you did it . 
   the good ` ol `` a day of fairly mundane work = = slavery '' no . 
  let me emphasise :  and work itself is very important ... ** even if the work is not paid at all . 
   and work itself is very important . 
  there actually exists plenty of research on it . 
  it gives purpose and direction in life . 
  even if the work is not paid at all . 
  ah , the elevating mental effects of slavery . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  lmao, 
   so , if you have beef go talking with may about it , not us . 
  how did he ` go talking with you about it ' in the first place ? 
  he did n't reply to you or any other indian poster , or imply that it was india 's fault it was getting money from the british government . 
  most of this chain is you responding to conjured slights , with the exception of your remark about the irrelevance of india to diego garcia . 
  speak for yourself , i was a boring fuck at 17 . 
  how i 've changed . 
  i think ankara 's looks great , although it does look like it belongs more to some kind of space colony . 
  if you want the kind of consistent quality and passion for food you get in italy , you 're out of luck . 
  that said , it 's not anything like as bad as people are implying and has n't been since the extreme shortages in wwii and its aftermath . 
  about ~ 2.2 bn worth overall . 
  france is britain 's third or second largest market depending on the year . 
  top imports : liquor ( mostly whisk\u00e9y ) , various meats , baked goods , cheese , coffee , chocolate . 
  also , sorry to say , wine makes up almost a whole percentage point , which is , uh , interesting . 
  your inferiority complex is showing . 
  yes , i listen to english music , watch english movies , read english books , and speak the english language too . 
  but seriously , i never claimed to have a deep understanding of spanish culture , but what i am saying is that someone who consumes english media does n't necessarily have a good understanding of uk/us cuilture , particularly if they do n't differentiate between the two . 
  english is de facto * the * international language . 
   i think a lot of the problems with the us and uk is that we understand their culture , there 's a very big difference between speaking english and understanding uk or us culture . 
  i think the problem is that you guys can understand english news , if anything . 
  the government should force the tabloids to publish in rhyming slang , in my opinion . 
   the most humilliating defeat to the british army oh , please . 
  the british army 's had some pretty humiliating defeats , that one does n't even crack the top ten . 
  he had an excellent defensive position and disease did most of his work for him . 
  the attack was a blunder , but was n't executed completely incompetently . 
  if you want a really bad defeat for the british army , look at singapore or roarke 's drift or the disaster in afghanistan . 
  one day urban planning , the next tyranny . 
  you use both as a threat to misbehaving children ? 
  drink all your beer , or it 's the sejm for you ! '', 
  actually , as a native english speaker the meaning is obvious . 
  esl speakers are unlikely to know the word ` argent ' , though . 
  he 's a pole speaking in english .
