   do you think that australia is going to no . 
  and i think both of his were . 
  yes . 
  in both cases , though , we 're talking about countries , and in both cases we are comparing the uk to much less populous states . 
  whether the uk is huge or tiny depends only on what rhetorical point you want to make , and not some external frame of reference . 
  i 'm not doing that at all . 
  i am not / u / - madi - . 
  ah , i see , you were using a cosmic scale to discuss international politics . 
  how intelligent of you . 
  i thought the uk was :  a tiny country on the other side of the planet and now it 's huge !, 
  looks like these pivots are n't so hard after all . 
  napoleon captured moscow , too . 
  there was just no one there . 
  investment bankers need hip clubs to snort coke in . 
  it 's pretty much what they do . 
  i understand some trading happens as a kind of byproduct . 
  do you even over-centralise ? 
  # 350 a week sounds about right , actually . 
  you specified a method - elected 50 % by one chamber etc. 
  the uk and usa do n't do it that way , we do n't elect judges at all in the uk . 
  that 's why i said it 's not done in the way you said in the uk , you see . 
  and perhaps explains all that other stuff i said about electing judges being stupid , if you think about it really hard . 
  i 've come to the conclusion that you are incapable of communicating in english . 
  good day to you . 
  there is no discussion about semantics . 
  there is what you , according to very basic logic , said , and your denial of this fact . 
  if i say `` you are not intelligent '' i am saying `` you are unintelligent '' , by the same measure . 
  do you understand ? 
   i told you how democratic countries do it . 
  that is n't how the uk & usa do it . 
  are you saying they 're undemocratic because of that , or do you admit you are wrong about the way democratic countries do it ? 
  there is no alternative . 
  i 'm not saying shit . 
  you said something and now you 're angry at me because apparently you did n't mean it . 
  how the fuck am i supposed to know you did n't mean what you said ? 
   you also seem to agree that poland is trying to achieve an imbalance of power which means that you 're arguing just for the sake of it . 
  no , i was a ) genuinely blindsided by your inability to express yourself and ; b ) expressing the view that the way to fix an imbalance of power due to people electing judges is not to let different people elect judges but to make the judiciary independent . 
  but you did say that . 
  if you say `` democratic countries do x. . . '' then you are also saying that any country that does n't do x is not democratic . 
   this is a huge imbalance of power . 
  yup , sure is . 
  i 'm referencing another of his posts , further down in the thread , where he said he did n't want any political discussion of these photographs . 
   democratic countries choose judges via panels that are formed by people from both the government and the parliament , in equal measure ( 50 % each ) . 
  yes , anyone who does it any differently than this one exact way with this precise balance is non democratic . 
  good one , comrade . 
  electing judges is , by the way , incredibly stupid , and ensures awful jurisprudence from a gaggle of sycophants . 
  yes , yes , it 's all very scary . 
  only by forcing civil servants to spend an hour rummaging through musty paper can their power to snoop be held in check . 
  it is a shame . 
  modern dresden is considerably uglier than this . 
  i thought your goal in posting these pictures was apolitical , and that you did n't want any political discussion in this thread ? 
  now that 's a nice looking square . 
  and the british empire beat the zulus . 
  but that does n't mean the manner of the victory was n't as humiliating as a defeat . 
  yes , that 's it exactly . 
  do n't worry , no one would ever take the eu for granted . 
  that 's called ethnic cleansing , i believe . 
  we 've gone from you saying : `` why do n't you call iceland british ? '', 
  to `` iceland and ireland are both european islands . '', 
  spin on . 
  i have no problem with not calling it the british isles , as i said . 
  can you read , or do you just choose not to do so ? 
  however , i think your argument about iceland is nonsensical . 
  if you 're not interested in defending it , then we have nothing to discuss . 
  that 's a bad example , because that 's exactly the purpose of calling it ireland . 
  i could n't find any in stock at my local supermarket . 
  because it 's fucking miles away , while ireland and britain are part of the same chain of islands , together with the isle of man , anglesey etc etc. 
  they 're all right next to each other . 
  you know , i can understand not wanting to be called part of the british isles . 
  fine . 
  but i ca n't understand why so many irish people think this iceland thing is an intelligent argument for it . 
  `` hey , you call borneo part of the sunda islands ? 
  why not hainan ? '', 
  are you sure ? 
  the red bull in asia tastes completely different to me . 
  less like sewer water , for example . 
  right , but in this case , it 's `` time to adapt '' is n't talking about any of those things ; the guy you responded to was talking about having children and relying on social benefits to raise them . 
  it 's a dig at immigrants they 're making , not a call for a race to the bottom . 
  furthermore , having a bunch of kids ( what he 's talking about ) is n't something the chinese do , and in fact they have very few children , contrary to the immigrants with huge families trope he 's playing to . 
  what ? 
  27/40 , i was doing great until it asked me all about these ` famous artists ' . 
  and government responsibilities . 
  and ... sstill , that 's without studying at all . 
  i think it 'd be pretty easy for a european to pass this test . 
  not really . 
  devsirme is far from the extent of the ottoman involvement in the slave trade . 
  the difference between the two is nothing like that big . 
  the extra four countries in the esa add about one trillion ; they are all rich but small . 
  did you really think countries totalling 14 million people generated 2.5 trillion dollars a year ? 
  the bulk of the difference in your figures is due to different projections , methods or years . 
  the ottoman empire enslaved them ( and plenty of europeans , too ) in the first place . 
  do n't they teach you that in school ? 
  you 've seen too much of what the uk has to offer . 
  i only start to feel tipsy on the second bottle of vodka . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is an inviolable constitutional principle . 
  not having a written constitution is wholly irrelevant . 
  it 's a supranational confederation of sovereign states . 
  directly effective law does n't change that . 
  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention .
