yes , they are discussing it there , but ** do you have proof ** that the russians sabotaged the satellites ? 
  how has russia done this ? 
  / u/mr _ happy_man please provide proof for your claim !, 
  fake ??? 
  it 's an american teen comedy set in europe , not a movie about europe . 
  americans love to make fun of europe . 
  source : me , a german living in the usa for the past 22 years, 
  well , now that you are mentioning it ... . . 
  the was a post on / r/ukraine a while back , sure if you do a search you can find it . 
  yes exit polls to a ballot that did not offer a no option . 
  hey how did you vote ? 
  well i picked one of the two yes option . 
  this vote is a joke . 
  well , there was n't a ` no ' option on the ballot , so what did you expect ? 
  why do you assume the german flag means i 'm in the eu ? 
  your chinese flag is an attempt to troll as per your own admission . 
  ( you see i did read your profile ), 
  nor did i say you did just arguing against your pro-putin bias . 
  are you on putins payroll ? 
  your commend history seems to imply that . 
  sure , just like all those soldiers are not russians , just individuals that purchased their gear in a shop , all 10,000 + of them . 
  yes , nature can seem alien to those that do not care to study it, 
  ok , three cabinets ... not sure how am i suppose to use those to relieve myself . 
  i still hope rational minds will prevail , but it seems more and more that the empowered want confrontation . 
  why they want that i do n't understand . 
  again , i hope it can be figured out peacefully . 
  this is the moment 100 % of students need to hold a protest . 
  looking forward hearing that news . 
  this grand coalition is doomed from the beginning . 
  i think it best if new elections would be held , especially now that we know so much more about the spying on germans under merkles leadership . 
  it 's not religious persecution since you are a cult , plain and simple, 
  i do n't care what the world things ot how they want to see it . 
  and i am not saying that if germany participate we somehow turn back to nazism , i am simply stating that i do n't agree with our army getting involved in a war of aggression . 
  the german army because of our history , should be used as it was set up after ww ii , as a defense only army . 
  where is the evidence ? 
  show it to me . 
  you ca n't . 
  ca n't help you with understanding what fiat in this contexts means . 
  maybe this helps : fiat : an authoritative command or order to do something ; an effectual decree . 
  with other words you want it to be assad not because you have evidence but because it is decreed . 
  the usa says , it 's assad because we say so . 
  it 's his fault by our decree . 
  just like they decreed that saddam had wmd , no evidence , you just have to accept it because they said so ( decreed ) personal attack : you did not understand fiat and made an assumption that i was insulting someone . 
  no , this is a german telling you i do n't agree that our army should be deployed in a war of aggression . 
  it should only be used in defense of germany . 
  fiat is latin , meaning , let it be so ; it 's in reference for you accepting the claim that assad is behind the chemical attacks . 
  no proof has been laid out and furthermore why would he do it ? 
  the three main factions have been fighting amongst themselves , assad was winning , so why would he do the one thing that would guarantee us involvement ? 
  next time before making an personal attack why do n't you ask , hey i do n't know this word , can you explain it ? 
  or maybe google ? 
  as a german let me remind you that those that do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it . 
  it has nothing to do with shame and all with understanding reality . 
  as to syria you are listening to those that promote fiat . 
  remember when the german military was for defense only ? 
  that 's how it should be - we germans need to remember the past . 
  as to syria , it is not at all clear who is behind the chemical attack - get the facts first before making a decision is the right path . 
  nope , not one bit . 
  r/conspiracy is --  that way , 
  been living in the states for 20 years , as an european you have to develop a sense of humor to survive the political suicide here, 
  yes , i was trying to be sarcastic but obviously failed :(, 
  millimerkels  thanks for the laugh, 
  i wounder ? 
  is there a similar anal discussion going on on the question of denmark being scandinavian at least cultural ? 
  i live in the states and these three are interchangeable here , at least here in the south were i am, 
  fresh sheet each time , proper folding technique is required . 
  3 wipes , a wet towel and a final dry one . 
  it 's always away from your body , always . 
  no rubbing !, 
  well as you can see we germans are not as boring as most think of us . 
  we have history !!, 
  well that depends on weather you are a woman or not . 
  and loving it . 
  i am guilty as charged . 
  it 's also time saving for i do not have to change out rolls , so 30 seconds per exchange x 2 times per week x 52 weeks/year x 50 years = 2600 minutes or 43.3 hours . 
  it 's worth it i think . 
  hi raiden55 , i believe your reply belongs to ~ ~ imliterallydyinghere ~ ~ lurkson1stdates . 
  as a german i must insist on orderly parent child coments succession . 
  it is a special shoe made to wear inside , so yes slippers are part of it but most of us have full closed house shoes because we love warm feet . 
  i live in america right now and yes i can confirm the batshit craziness . 
  walking on socks ??? 
  you 've got a lot of socks laying about . 
  yes , because it 's actually a continent unlike the arctic . 
  but i do get your point . 
  i thought we were talking about artic not antarctic , two opposite poles you know . 
  til ... , but it 's still funny because geography ought to play a role in such claims and where is china touching even remotely the arctic ? 
   china now claims to be a `` near-arctic '' state with interests in new arctic shipping routes , oil , minerals and climate change laughing my ass off . 
  all speculation , no substance !, 
   he has also alarmed the military establishment with his pacifist outlook : yes that 's so terrible that the first choice of conflict resolution is not war !, 
  war should always be the last card played !, 
  yes , there are no homosexual relationships in the animal world , right ? 
  [ not ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexual_behavior_in_animals ) !, 
  [ at school , she learned to speak russian fluently , and was awarded prizes for her proficiency in russian and mathematics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angela_merkel ) why would she need a translator ? 
   but if they start pumping them full of medicine then they 'll lose their organic credentials . 
  that 's sounds very plausible, 
  thanks for the info, 
  ok , so sugar pills , fine and how does sugar cure ? 
  especially if you trow it into water ? 
  any info on the oil homeopathy ? 
   homeopathy based on sugar and oils what ? 
  please explain that to me - i searched and can find nothing in the literature .
