  of course it failed . 
  wolves are angsty animals and hybrids refused to attack person when ordered to do so . 
  so abter few decades police gave up this project . 
  but hobby pet breeders decided it would be nice to continue to breed the hybrids and though selection , they could curb down some negative behaviour . 
  today , this breed is known as czechoslovakian wolfdog . 
  external schengen borders . 
  really ? 
  recently we get 100-200 illegals detained daily , but numbers grow as we speak . 
  it is nothing compared with balkan countries , but it really grows very steeply now . 
  prague \u00b4 s most expensive streets see rents growing by 5-10 % recently . 
  [ source . 
  what is the actual rate in bosnia ? 
  the newest available eurostat statistics show 4,9 % unemployment for the czech republic in june 2015 . 
  [ source ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=une_rt_m&amp;lang=en ) edit - i saw your source and its figures are 1 month old . 
  so its not your fault , sorry . 
  old data . 
  why dont you use the latest available eurostat data ? 
  i dont see a reason why austrian economy should go south . 
  your main bussiness partner ( germany ) is in best condition . 
  most economies in eastern-central europe around you are doing great , their gdp growing by 3-4 % . 
  this all must boost your exports , bring more tourists etc. 
  with addition of falling oil prices , weak euro and low interest rates , really , your economy should see a big boom soon . 
  i think non-eu immigration should be allowed only when there is a free job offer and he/she already signed a job contract . 
  this way , the immigrant can support itself and doesnt need state support , subsidized housing etc. 
  we got half a million ukrainian gastarbeiters in this way in 00s and it created only little problems , despite importing equivalent of 5 % of our total population within few years . 
  yes , you do . 
  we hear about it for weeks that germany ( bayern + sachsen ) would like to close borders with us . 
  our president zeman calls himself as old friend of jakunin . 
  lets see who will be the next puppetmaster of our dear president now . 
  why racism ? 
  we have similar policy - obligatory vaccination of children whose parents come from countries with tb incidence higher then 40 cases per 100.000 annually . 
  our traditional gastarbeiters are mostly ukrainians and east-slovakians . 
  before the last economic crisis , we were importing up to 100.000 ukrainians per year . 
  there were some problems ( their and our mafia exploiting them ) , but generally they are ok . those , that decided to stay , are assimilating nicely and we dont hear about them . 
  czech economy is dependent to a good degree on german economy , 1/3 of our exports go there . 
  so , this is very good news for our economy . 
  our unemployment is 4,9 % according to eurostat . 
  with strong exports and strong domestic demand , i hope we can reach 4,0 % unemployment next year . 
  ukraine has shale gas , especially around crimea . 
  because the czech republic consists of 3 lands : \u010cechy ( czechia/bohemia ) , morava and slezsko ( silesia ) . 
  to use czechia for the whole country is the same as using england when you mean the uk , or holland for netherlands . 
  it can sometimes provoke negative reaction of more patriotic moravians . 
  so when i used czechia , i mean the western part of our republic that was historically called bohemia in latin . 
  wolves are cool animals and very important to keep hoofed pray in good health and their numbers under check . 
  but it is hard to reconcile local rural people with the idea of sharing their space with them . 
  there will always be losses on domestic stock , from sheep to colts , no matter how good protective means you use . 
  we actually have the first wolf pack in north czechia , some 80 km away from prague . 
  in last 2 years , they killed exactly 1 sheep . 
  so i hope people stay positive about their presence and we will see more wolf packs roaming our country . 
  i had to laught at those amateurs . 
  why do they try to crush them on that soft sandy soil ? 
  why dont they put something hard under them ? 
  a piece of metal plate or a flat large stone or similar . 
  or at least wait till they thaw . 
  there are different definitions of middle class i have seen . 
  a class between the piss-poor and really rich - this is a common meaning of middle class in my country that encompases around 85-90 % of czechs . 
  what is your definition of middle class ? 
  thanks . 
  but there is a lot more then just staropramen . 
  we also have some 250 mini-breweries , if you ever get bored with mainstream beers . 
  i think that 35.000 participants is overestimating it . 
  police said somewhere between 10.000 and 20.000 were taking part in the march . 
  there were many thousands supporters that were in the streets but didnt participate in the march itself , so i dont think they should be counted in ( source - i had forgotten about the event and got cought in a jam in the centrum yesterday when police closed some streets ) . 
  there were less then 100 anti-protesters in total ( catholic politicians from kdu-\u010csl , catholic youth and some sort of far-right nationalists ) . 
  you heard it right . 
  our extraordinary strong first quarter ( 2,5 % q/q ) was due to technical factors like taxes on tabacco products and eu subsidies . 
  but our `` real '' growth is still pretty strong this year . 
  central bank and fm expect 4 % y/y . 
  local bank analysts \u00b4 predictions got revised to around 4,6 % yesterday . 
  economical indicators like retail sales growing by 11,1 % y/y in june , or july pmi of 57,5 , could indicate a further acceleration of our gdp to 5 % before year-end . 
  many economic indicators run non-lineary during a calendar year , they show a typical pattern instead , with ups and downs . 
  because of summer holidays , christmas , bad weather in winter , usual high tourist season etc. 
  [ look at this unemployment rate , extend it to 10 years first , and you can see main peak each winter and a secondary peak during summer , and it repeats each year again and again ) . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/czech-republic/unemployment-rate ) so , statistical offices of most countries publish figures on seasonally adjusted basis . 
  from past experience , they know the usual pattern , for example how an unemployment rate or gdp behaves during a year . 
  and then they take real measured figures and multiply it with a factor typical for that season ( month , quarter etc. ), 
  you can compare q2 with q1 only when you use seasonally adjusted figures . 
  we used to have them . 
  as a child , i had a book full of them . 
  but i havent heard one in last 2 decades . 
  only in some movies maybe . 
  not in everyday life . 
  casual jew jokes ? 
  we czechs dont have them . 
  i would wish our country could have a balanced budget . 
  but unfortunatelly we have socialist goverment that just piles deficits up , despite our growing economy . 
  one thing you must keep in mind : chinese statistical figures are as reliable as greek ones ( = absolutely untrustworty ) . 
  take their reported gdp growth between 6 and 7 % for example . 
  this looks great on paper . 
  but in reality , its gdp growth is being estimated around 2 % currently , if you look at `` hard facts '' as material and oil consuption , electricity production , volumes of transport etc. 
  and we czechs are losers again . 
  it is only between -0,09 % and -0,21 % today for our 2y bonds . 
  czechs have the same tradition of whipping women on easter with willow branches , moravians prefer pouring water . 
  there is ofcourse etiquette , you cant really hurt unknown girls/women you just see on the street or visit their house , the whole whipping is purely ritual/feigned . 
  but the more familiar you are with them and more interested in them , the intensity increases . 
  many of my friends ( when we were late teens ) would come to school the next day with large red and blue bruising on their bottoms and very proud of it . 
  you talk about nationalism . 
  ant that is not unique to europe . 
  i think they print new money , like czech national bank does . 
  [ source in cz ] ( http://zpravy.e15.cz/domaci/ekonomika/ctyricet-procent-ceskeho-exportu-v-nemecku-nekonci ) states that 40 % of czech export to germany is being immediatelly re-exported outside europe .
