  many countries have visa free travel with the eu . 
  for example venezuela !, 
  there are no planned additional requirements for ukrainians afaik . 
  they show their passport at borders , get a stamp and can stay 90 days out of 180 days period in the eu . 
  but the eu plans to introduce a web-based evidence program for all people from visa-free countries . 
  including tourists from the us , canada , australia , japan etc. 
  the fee will be 5 eur . 
  the czech republic has already the highest percent of manufacturing in its economic output of all eu countries . 
  we are number 2 car producer in the world counted by number of cars per population . 
  and we have lowest unemployment in the eu , with prague having 2,3 % rate . 
  we need to streghten specialized highly productive service sector . 
  we don \u00b4 t need more car assembly lines . 
  the share of car manufacturing is getting too big , it would be potentially dangerous for us . 
  we need diversification . 
  germans are by far the most numerous tourist group in cz . 
  3quarter 2016 to be precise . 
  greek gdp grew 1,5 % year-on-year according to statistics released today . 
  there is hope for greece . 
  this one is golden !, 
  still united in our hatred for all foreigners . 
  latest data for japan on oecd are from year 2014 - 10,1 % neet rate among 20-24 years old . 
  might be lower now . 
  only , female unemployment rate ( 3,5 % ) is much higher than male unemployment rate ( 2,5 % ) in the czech republic . 
  long maternity leave not only causes higher unemployment for females , but also large pay gap and much lower persions for czech females than males . 
  czech males should take over their fare share of household chores and childcare . 
  that would also increase our childbirth figures . 
  fyi vietnamese took over czech drug business ( meth and marihuana ) ca 10 years ago too . 
  they dominate large-scale production and wholesale . 
  currently , ca 0,7 % of our vietnamese minority sits in our jails , mostly for drugs . 
  we are projected around $ 18k per capita nominal this year , slightly over portugal and greece . 
  with gdp growth at 3 % , inflation 2 % and annual 2 % appreciation against $ , we will reach 30k maybe in 10 years . 
  if nothing bad happens . 
  not in czechia . 
  guns is a very small thema in cz . 
  most people don \u00b4 t care one way or other , honestly . 
  but quotas , oh boy , is one of the main themas of discussions in our country for 2 years already . 
  in the smallest village pub , among teenagers hanging in town park , or among workers in large multinations . 
  i mean , it \u00b4 s not even a discussion . 
  everybody is against it . 
  people just swear at the eu and germany . 
  my former colleague was in similar position ( czech , living near german border , working there ) , so i can comment a little . 
  tldr - several thousand people commute daily over border to germany and that number increases gradually , but it \u00b4 s way lower than what everybody expected . 
  germany put 7-years prohibition on employment of czech workers after our eu entry , they were scared we would flood their job market . 
  it got lifted only 2011 . 
  after it , czech people would increasingly start commuting to germany for jobs . 
  right now , it is 18.000 czech workers in bavaria and maybe 3.000 in saxony ( saxony still has lower wages and high unemployment ) . 
  why is it still so low ? 
  first the language , only few czechs speak german fluently . 
  also different education schemes , many positions in germany require apprenticeship that we don \u00b4 t have . 
  also eastern europeans are not really liked , so companies are rather reluctant to hire czechs , and they face not so nice treatment by their coworkers . 
  another obstackle is the border region itself - the whole border cz/de is actually a mountain range with forests , few roads connect both countries . 
  it used to be inhabited by sudeten germans ( minority ) who got genocided after wwii ( +3 mio people ) . 
  later , area got forested and unpenetrable border fences got erected , so infrastructure is missing or shit . 
  also , cz has very low unemployment ( 2 % in southwest area - along bavarian border ) so not many people are eager to commute daily . 
  they really have no minimum wage . 
  but specialised unions in each canton announce contracts that put minimum wage for each type of job , education and years of experience and revide them fruequently . 
  we were sending some people doing installation of machines at eth z\u00fcrich and had to inform relevant canton on their wage ( to assure them we pay more than their minimum ) . 
  it took me long time to understand their system and find the info i needed . 
  it \u00b4 s similar here too . 
  you can \u00b4 t survive on 3 dollars per hour , even living in your own house at village , unless you own and work on your own land or forest too . 
  officially 3 % of czech employees earn minimum wage . 
  in reality , nobody does . 
  they just get the rest of their salary on hand , to avoid taxes . 
  i can \u00b4 t comment on latvia . 
  i don \u00b4 t know much about it . 
  since 2004 ( when we got eu membership ) , exchange rate of koruna got 18 % stronger against euro . 
  and it is expected to get another 4 % next year . 
  our inflation is low , our central bank competent . 
  i myself have no solid opinion on our eurozone membership , i don \u00b4 t have prefference for koruna or euro . 
  when i think about it , yes , it \u00b4 s more prevalent in older people . 
  i find it kind of sad that our society is becoming more bigoted in last 30 years , when we talk about clothing and nudity . 
  czechs on average love their korunas . 
  we use koruna since 19th century when we were still part of hre . 
  people believe in its stability/appreciation and are not interested to have savings in euro/usd like many others in ee . 
  ( i talk about average people , not rich folks ) . 
  is he a czech by any chance ? 
  because in my little town ( no sea , but we have a river popular with local tourists ) , men in streets/shops without shirt on hot day are not so uncommon , including locals of all ages . 
  how can current quota of 6.000 visa for ukrainians per year keep our salaries low , when we have 184.000 open positions ? 
  they don \u00b4 t have any measurable effect . 
  do you remmember year 2007 ? 
  we had net immigration of 100.000 that year !, 
  it didn \u00b4 t hurt our wage growth then . 
  why should few thousand do it now ? 
  this only counts people living in we . 
  why are you so cranky ? 
  we have more open jobs than unemployed people . 
  everybody who is not happy in his/her current place can easily find a better one . 
  and wages are growing - in may 2017 it was 9 % in manufacturing sector ( see czech statistical office for more stats ) . 
  skilled immigrants from slavic countries ( ukraine/serbia/russia etc. ), 
  will help our demography . 
  it \u00b4 s called brain drain . 
  tell me , when you speak about people living in the czech republic , do you always mention czechs , moravians , silesians and roma ? 
  and when mentioning slovakia , have you ever forgotten the hungarians or ruthenians or carpathian germans ? 
  each of them speak their own language and consider themselves to be different ethnicity . 
  when you have your figures complete , please post it . 
  some nice graph or so would be cool . 
  czechia ... implemented the same right-wing policy you just mentioned , around years 2009-2010 ( we got scared by greek crisis and voted for harsh self-imposed austerity and reform program ) . 
  i have no idea why it worked nicely for us , while netherlands struggles . 
  prague wants it too !, 
  but apparently didn \u00b4 t send a bid ?
