  it is practiced by all public universities . 
  ( private universities are few and usually low quality . ), 
  czech language is not easy for non-slavic speakers . 
  it takes at least 1 year of full-time education to get fluency in it . 
  czech republic has no tuition fee for foreigners who study in czech language . 
  it is widely used by slovaks , ukrainians , russians and youth from other slavic speaking countries . 
  ca 1/5 of student on czech universities are foreigners who study in local language . 
  i don \u00b4 t know exactly why it happened . 
  i think that they came in 1950s as part of labour force for new factory . 
  most of them kept their jobs even during the economical downturn in 1990s . 
  and when some lost them , they got hired by council in sort of ve\u0159ejn\u00e9 pr\u00e1ce . 
  their community never collapsed into chaos , or drugs , or debts or widespread crime . 
  at the same time , majority people never behaved openly aggresive towards them too . 
  but the segregation is still real , there is no sight of assimilation/mixed couples . 
  the original question was about personal experience with turks . 
  i just answered it honestly . 
  if i would be attacked by a dog as a child , it is entirely possible i would still feel uneasy about dogs now and avoid them at all cost . 
  fear is a strong emotion , not always rational . 
  big village ( small town ) in okres bene\u0161ov . 
  you won \u00b4 t hear locals cursing or even mentioning gypsies . 
  you won \u00b4 t find police frequently visiting gypsy quarter because of noise or conflicts . 
  petty crime is practically unknown , burglaries don \u00b4 t exist here . 
  graffiti is caused by prague youth when they come to nearby chatov\u00e1 oblast in summer . 
  it is sort of peaceful status quo that exists since i can remmember ( i live here +30 years ) . 
  our gypsies are starousedl\u00edci , living here for generations , their total numbers don \u00b4 t change visibly . 
  i know that many people complain and i ofcourse know from first hand problematic gypsy communities ( kutn\u00e1 hora , chomutov ... ) . 
  but we lucked out . 
  just today morning when i was leaving house , a local gypsy youth respectfully greeted me , while tending to ornamental trees . 
  he is a little bit mental retarded , but honest and good worker , local council employs him to take care of lawns and trees in this village . 
  edit : the example of our local gypsies is a reason why i believe that we can integrate bigger part of this minority . 
  it won \u00b4 t be easy , cheap , or quick . 
  but it \u00b4 s possible . 
  there are many places ( mountains or towers ) in the czech republic where you can theoretically see alps . 
  but clouds , fog and polluted air make it a very rare occurence in real life . 
  i have one case in my family ( he is mixed slovak/hungarian ) . 
  people like that are clear minority but also not so rare ( maybe 5-10 % ) . 
  in my villige ( central bohemia ) , there exists a gypsy part since at least 50 years , almost without intermarriage with locals . 
  several old apartment houses with exclusively gypsy families . 
  they are a little bit run down , but it \u00b4 s not a real ghetto . 
  local council invests into repairs and cleaning . 
  people living there are rather integrated ( not assimilated ) . 
  they don \u00b4 t have much money and drive only very old cars . 
  but they don \u00b4 t cause crime , children usually attend school , most adult men have jobs , they have on average only 2-3 kids per family . 
  we live peacefully without big conflicts , but we don \u00b4 t really live together with them . 
  informal separation is strong . 
  i \u00b4 m almost 40 now . 
  this was the only case of harasment i \u00b4 ve ever experienced in my whole life . 
  during my first ( and last , if i can help it ) visit of turkey . 
  was a week-long conference and i just wanted to visit nearby town during a break in program . 
  you might find my experience random , non-important or whatever . 
  but personal experience of an sexual attack with crippling fear , panic and disgust is hard to forget . 
  i \u00b4 m a woman . 
  i got stalked and harrased by all-male group of turks . 
  ever since then , i keep away from turkey and turks . 
  walking/hiking . 
  take good shoes , backpack , change of clothes and some money . 
  pick a random destination and walk there . 
  nature , villages you pass on , solitude with occasional chat with random people , all that gives you a new perspective . 
  physical activity releases endorfin , so that helps too . 
  might be criminals/corrupt people and their relatives . 
  might be honest company owners . 
  sport starts . 
  wanna-be celebrities . 
  who knows . 
  my boss ( prague ) who earns +1 mio euro per year from investments alone drives older renault laguna . 
  he would consider even `` normal '' premium cars like porsche too flashy and never buy it . 
  i guess you need special type of character to drive showy car . 
  czech republic - air conditioning is usually only in public spaces ( stores , office buildings ... ) . 
  but i don \u00b4 t know anybody that would have it at home . 
  accoding to statistics , czech households use under 0,1 % of electricity for air condicioning . 
  first - cases that involve children and youth under 15 will get complete press embargo . 
  nothing , even first name will be released . 
  even after conviction . 
  our press abides to it . 
  in `` normal '' circumstances , a short description is usual - age , sex , if it is local or foreigner ( in most cases without stating his exact nationality ) . 
  photos are usually not allowed , unless the suspect agrees . 
  in case of manhunt , where police asks for help , photo , name , citizenship etc might be released to press . 
  convinced person loses legal protection so press is usually allowed to print everything . 
  victims have full protection , before and after conviction . 
  especially if it is child or sexual crime . 
  lets say a stepfather rapes an underage daughter . 
  press won \u00b4 t publish such info about the convict that could make it easy to identify the victim . 
  tldr : presumption of innocence , child and victim protection are usual rules in czech media , even yellow press . 
  should be punished = infridgement proces starts and at the end court will decide a penalty , it can reach high six dixit amount of euros easily , so very significant . 
  most people see them neutral , or with slight prejudice . 
  less liked than poles , more liked than romanians . 
  visegr\u00e1d is a very lose union of 4 countries ( poland , hungary , slovakia , czechia ) that exists since 1991 . 
  it is something like benelux , but with very few activities . 
  it supports better relations between these 4 countries and their cooperation ( in science , education , economy ... ) . 
  most people in europe had no idea what v4 is before the migrant crisis started . 
  officially , visegrad started to help each other into the eu and nato . 
  unofficially , the main reason was to smoother undercurrent ethnical and nationalistic tensions and prevent anything resembling balkan-like situation . 
  slovaks and hungarians don \u00b4 t exactly like each other since 19th century . 
  majority hungarian regions in slovakia have potential to become a big issue , tensions used to be pretty raw in 1990s , in other circumstanses could end like russian minority in ukraine or kosovo . 
  both countries ran ethnic cleansing and exchanges of each other minorities after wwii . 
  old grievances can entflame easily in this part of europe . 
  czechia and poland have also uneasy history - two wars about borderlands , annexations , some ethnic cleansing before and after wwii . 
  potentionally , rabidly atheistic czechs and catholiban poles dont make good mix , especially when their languages are to good part intelligible , so insults/opinions get unfiltered to the other side . 
  it should be noted that v4 countries have very different opinions on many fundamental issues , for example relationship with russia , lgtb right etc. 
  if such issue arises , countries just maintain policy of non-interference and silence , they don \u00b4 t comment on each other politics and choices .
