  sudeten germans were more vocal and active nazi , den germans in reich . 
  and those few brave sudeten germans who put resistance against nazis in their own rows , had very sad end , by hands of their own minority . 
  the only difference between germans in bohemia and turks in germany is time they immigrated into their new land . 
  germans came on invitation of czech kings between 12 . and 14 . century . 
  turks came on invitation of german goverment some 60-50 years ago . 
  til just today i was reading some history esseys , and found out how widespread children `` handl '' agreements between czech and german families used to be here , in 19th centiry and also before wwii . 
  to get bilingual , families coming from different villages and towns would swap children for a year or two , or just for consecutive summer holidays . 
  some children on handl were as young as 4 , some were older like 17 . 
  in more bilingual areas , parents would just put their child for a few years into a german school and vice versa . 
  basing on what i could read , i guess at least 10 % of chilred experienced this , in some areas more like 60 - 80 % . 
  i guess , he means that many turks know some relatives or friends who are already living in the eu . 
  thus , it is pretty easy to get room and informal ( illegal ) employment after overstaying their 90 visa-free term . 
  no , it \u00b4 s not . 
  it \u00b4 s fun . 
  eu has visa waiver program for many countries - for example bosnia , serbia , moldova , mexico , most of south america , saudi arabia , malaysia , s.korea or taiwan . 
  i dont agree with turkey getting in it . 
  but i \u00b4 m not opposed to ukraine . 
  ah , ok , so this type of policy doesnt need eu approval . 
  thanks for info . 
  ukrainians are currently the largest minority in the czech republic , due to big gastarbeiter wave in between 2004 and 2009 , when czech goverment had very lax rules for work visa and our economy was booming . 
  practially every person from ukraine with at least secondary education and job contract got work visa back then , no questions asked , in under 6 weeks . 
  we got over 100.000 immigrants annually , without tensions or bigger problems , ukrainians fit into our society nicely . 
  but , very strict rules were implemented during the latest recession , and it \u00b4 s very hard to get work visa in our country now ( poland is a bit different , but even they offer only time-limited visa for 6-12 months ) . 
  what i was thinking about is opening our labour market for all ukrainians , under condition they have at least secondary education , lined job with salary at least 2/3 of our average ( to prohibit undecutting our wages ) . 
  they wouldnt need any visa . 
  they coud just come , sign a contract and then report themselves to local tax office , police and municipality . 
  you know , czech \u0160koda plant just signed a contract with its unions , adding 11,2 % on their wages ( before bonuses ) . 
  czechia has second lowest unemployment rate , only after germany , and czechs just refuse to move to other areas for jobs . 
  technical professions are hard to fill . 
  we is full . 
  but some eastern eu countries with growing economy are feeling labour force shortage these days ( poland , czechia ... ) . 
  maybe some sort of work-visa-waiver program could be allowed for ukrainians , that would be valid only for certain eu countries . 
  but i dont know if it \u00b4 s even possible under current eu rules . 
  you have wrong numbers for period 2000 - 2010 . 
  why ? 
  because it is obviously calculated based on total number of homicides and attempted homicides of \u010cr . 
  correct definition used for international comparison is number of dead bodies caused by homicide . 
  last decade , this number was around 0,7 - 1,0 for our country . 
  it is not crazy low . 
  it is very similar to germany and other we countries . 
  30 registered cases mean around 16 dead bodies ( based on long-term average percentage of completed and attempted homicides in czechia ) . 
  and this is only for 3 months . 
  calculated for whole year , it is around 64 victims . 
  it translates to 0,6 homicide per 100.000 inhabitans . 
  latest figure is 206 prisoners per 100.000 and it is growing . 
  many roma in slovakia will aswer that yes , they seek for a job . 
  actually , also ethnic slovaks in eastern part of slovakia have sky high unemployment . 
  borderlands around ukraine , be it east of slovakia , poland or hungary , is underdeveloped and fights with poverty and depopulation in last 25 years . 
  functioning association contract between eu and ukraine ( and getting ukr economy on its feet again ) would be very important for people there . 
  many countries show huge internal disparities , not only the uk . 
  prague suburbs had 2,5 % registered unemployment in march ( low season for construction and tourism ) . 
  prostitution itself is not prohibited and not regulated either . 
  pimping on the other hand is criminal offence that will land you in jail for some years . 
  brothels that mask themselves as bars , massage parlours etc. 
  exist . 
  as long as they dont overdo it ( forced prostitution etc. 
  ) , they are mostly ignored . 
  most girls work nowadays independent as excorts , often a few of them rent one flat together . 
  as a woman , i have no idea about prices etc. 
  recently , we talked a little about this thema with my colleage in office , who used to live near german border . 
  she sorta befriended one prostitute there who frequented their bar and asked her why she does what she does . 
  she replied that as a child , she was frequently raped by an uncle/family friend . 
  it made her unable to enjoy sex or keep a relationship . 
  when she was unable to find job for longer time , she decided to use her numbness and earn money this way , she had nothing to lose anyway . 
  if a person in prison or an illegal immigrant in detention centre has any money , it will be confiscated to pay the neccessarry expenses for its housing and feeding . 
  this is a law valid since at least one decade in the czech republic . 
  many european countries have similar laws , predating recent migrantion wave . 
  nothing new or shocking . 
  this is such a wrong step , unfair to many better countries that would more eligible for visa-free travel . 
  my country would never agree with it . 
  turkey has too much people overstaying their tourist visa , to grant visa-free entry . 
  but the eu let itself be blackmailed , once again . 
  germany can take them all , at least german laws allow for it , as long as refugees manage to illegally cross its borders . 
  but on the other hand . 
  you talk about european solution . 
  i quess you mean redistribution of refugees ? 
  tell me , which country is willing to accept significant number of them ? 
  why shouldnt it work ? 
  really , all you need to do is to issue short-term schengen visa , valid for transport to germany , for millions of refugees . 
  most will organize and pay for their trip themselves , lowcost airlines are everywhere . 
  i have heard there are currently around 60 million refugees woldwide and their number grows , both by new dispplacement and children born to refugees . 
  germany can have as much of them as it wishes . 
  germany is a suvereign country and can do what ever it wants . 
  german goverment is free to airlift ( or bring in boats ) as many millions refugees to germany as it wishes , or just issue visa for them so they can take a plan to berlin/frankfurt directly from turkey . 
  i dont think other eu countries will protest it , as long as they stay in germany . 
  czechs dont know anything about egyptians . 
  they dont come to our country . 
  the only contact is during vacations there , so people connect egypt with pyramids , all-inclusive hotels and red sea . 
  on the other hand , turks serve as bad stereotype . 
  if you want to insult somebody ( for being stupid or evil ) , you call him mongol , tatar or turek . 
  centuries of wars with turks ( ottomans ) , their slave raids and legendary brutality is simply part of our folklore . 
  i dont think it has much to do with erdogan ) as somebody else mentioned ) . 
  but turkey being mentioned almost daily in connection with migration/refugee crisis and isis doesnt help too . 
  actually , despite that czech survey saying otherwise , absolute majority of czechs are positive/neutral to jews . 
  czech jews are assimilated and practically invisible . 
  czechs and jews intermarry intensivelly since at least 19th century . 
  the czech republic is the most pro-israel country from the whole eu . 
  and with least antisemitism from all post-commie countries in europe . 
  [ read this to get some perspective . 
  ] ( http://forward.com/news/world/310921/walking-without-fear-in-europe/ ),
