  people dont feel existential crisis or urge to move elsewhere , or to change their lifestyle . 
  young people are supported to study and travel abroad , and then they will return and continue to live similar life as their parents . 
  majority of eu countries have growing gdp this year . 
  i made a mistake to open that video . 
  now , i am scared . 
  i am a woman and i woundt want to meet a huge group of frustrated young men behaving like this on streets . 
  what is the solution ? 
  fortress europe ? 
  i dont ask the whole world to run account surplus . 
  i want only europe to do so . 
  the rest is free to do as they like . 
  the last crisis showed us that large debts are unsustainable . 
  if all eu countries agree to start slowly decrease their national debts when they reach gdp growth , what would be wrong with it ? 
  when most eu countries would decrease their debts , there will be more free capital on the markets , that would increase appetite to buy bonds of the remaining eu countries that still have high debt , and that would decrease interest paid on them . 
  and that would at the end help these countries to pay their debts easier . 
  germany is pushing the whole ez into debt brake . 
  and there are also maastrich criteria ( max 60 % debt to gdp ) , not enforced enought , but this will change i hope . 
  i see no problem with future situation when the whole eu would turn into a large switzerland . 
  world is so much bigger then just europe . 
  asian and african economies are growing . 
  so , why cant whole ez/eu implement policy of current account suplus , high savings , balanced state budgets ? 
  i dont think switzerland has any moral obligation to create new debts only to help southern europe . 
  the same goes to germany , estonia , denmark or sweden . 
  [ some sort of debt brake is being implemented in several countries , including spain and italy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balanced_budget_amendment ), 
  both views are connected . 
  estonia never agreed to run wastly inbalanced bugets that would increase their debt . 
  switzerland and germany both reached debt that they deemed as dangerous , and decided to change their behaviour . 
  they put a brake on debt and approve only balanced budgets ( unless exceptional situation occures ) . 
  in a few decades , both countries could theoretically reach estonian level of debt to gdp . 
  i think it depends on individual opinion . 
  i myself would say increasing debt is only excusable when country is in crisis and needs a boost . 
  switzerland has balanced budget since 10 years ago . 
  germany and some other european countries passsed similar laws recently . 
  are they not normal western goverments ? 
  fun fact : after creation of czechoslovakia , people were really angry with local catholic church . 
  between late 1918 and 1921 , over 1.000.000 czechs formally left the church in protest ( out of ca 7 mln ) . 
  in 1945 , 3 years before the communistic coup , over 50 % of czechs were officially not registered in any church . 
  but , could you imagine german settlers in ustecko ? 
  i am sure they could finally get this cursed region in shape ( if not them , then nobody can ) . 
  how much would we need maybe 200 - 300 thousand ? 
  enough to improve the economy there , and not enough to create ethnical tensions big enought to endanger the republic . 
  bestonia , you cuttie beast . 
  you are of course right that salaries here are very low compared with ireland . 
  not many irish might want to move here . 
  on the other hand , there are not so many czechs moving abroad too , we lost to emigration only 800 people last year , and i predict an even better figure this year , with more people returning . 
  actually , czech republic attracts many ten thousand immigrants annually ( it used to be over 100.000 prior crisis ) . 
  mostly from eastern europe ( slovakia , ukraine , russia , balkan ) . 
  but even germans and us americans have positive migration flow with our country , the american expat community in prague is growing . 
  and recently , we attract more spaniards , italians and greeks then usually , for example in our growing r&d segment . 
  i agree that is the biggest threat i see from the recent development . 
  all this hate against illusional culprits might end really bad . 
  i can even imagine violent attacks against german politicians and their families . 
  or even against german tourists , companies and so on . 
  with so many symphatizers of far left and far right and their love for riots ... 
  we have many social democratic policies . 
  like paid parental leave of 3 years . 
  our advantage is low unemployment . 
  and our goverment takes a large % of our salaries ( 45 % in my case ) . 
  so we can afford social nets . 
  people living with less then 60 % of median income . 
  syriza managed to destroy wealth of 1/3 annual gdp of greece within 1/2 year . 
  this might be a record of recent history , comparable only with collaps of some commie states after 1989 . 
  and the full weight of it will hit greeks only in next months and years , with even higher unemploment and higher pension cuts . 
  and yet they stay the most popular party in greece . 
  the czech republic has the lowest relative poverty of all eu countries since the revolution . 
  our post-revolution development was very smooth , without big crisis . 
  we lost less then 10 % gdp in the `` wild 90s '' and our unemployment never reached 10 % . 
  thanks to this , we could maintain a lot of social nets and egalitarianism . 
  our society is very egalitarian in nature and `` way of thinking '' . 
  with exception of gypsies and drug junkies , you wont meet really poor people . 
  while rich are also rather rare and most of them dont flesh their wealth in `` obscene ways '' . 
  how about czecho-slovakia then ? 
  are we honorary westerners now , or ... ;-), 
  i am glad you took your time to write a lengty answer . 
  it is very interesting topic . 
  do you have big problem with car theft in bulgaria ? 
  because an old stat i saw was surprisingly low for all balkan countries . 
  ( on the other hand , the czech republic was the champion of all former commie european countries in cars stolen per capita then ) . 
  it is around 150 mln euro . 
  we are trying to decrease our national debt , so every koruna counts . 
  i really hope we will get this money back . 
  while our currency is weak and caped to 27 korunas per euro , it is also facing the swiss franc-problem . 
  with our positive current acount balance , and possible speculative attact , our national bank might be forced to intervene on markets and sell koruna to maintain the cap . 
  when the cap is removed ( probably in 2016 ) , koruna might make a huge jump . 
  and that would be deadly for our exports . 
  so it is done deal . 
  we czechs were forced to give a bridging loan ( warranty for a loan ) of 4 bln korunas right now . 
  even through we are not in ez . 
  i dont believe greks will ever pay us back , the same with our share of imf loans . 
  germany is not hated in my country . 
  we had our past differencies , but germany is not seen much more negativelly then lets say poland . 
  people here are opposed with throwing more money out of the window . 
  regarding last deal with greece , we think germany once again went too soft and let greeks off the hook . 
  and that it will backfire to the whole ez/eu soon . 
  \u010cnb had chosen higher employment , instead cheaper imports . 
  i find it a good solution . 
  i gladly accept devaluation by 4 % over high unemployment rate . 
  i \u00b4 ve never had a problem to find a job , but other people might not be so fortunate . 
  i feel solidarity with other czechs , so i support it .
