  first thing that syriza did after elections - they scrapped reforms implemented by greece previously in exchange for bailout money . 
  what prevents them to continue to just do it again ? 
  what will happen then in your opinion ? 
  greek banks are in serious problem . 
  they will need a large injection before they can open again to prevent their collaps . 
  so a good 10-20 bln would have to be transfered to greece within first few days after the deal is signed . 
  wasted money . 
  i dont believe greece will keep their word . 
  they will get more money from ez ( 53 bln !!! ), 
  and then just forget about any cuts or reforms . 
  greece \u00b4 s default got pushed into future for a year or two . 
  while burning another 53 mln euro from taxpayers of other eu countries . 
  are eu politicians so idiotic to agree to sign this ? 
  the uk has a house price bubble . 
  they can easily end like spain . 
  so , we do n't do too badly . 
  highest increase among all post-commie eu members . 
  exactly . 
  if greece will be put off the hook , other countries will have no reason to keep their finances in check . 
  populist parties will win elections with unrealistic promises and ruin their respective countries . 
  spain or italy are too big for other countries to pick up their bill . 
  i think you are right . 
  this is political suicide . 
  i agree with you . 
  if you pay , you can dictate your rules . 
  the thing is , majority of czech would agree to large cut or even total cancellation of eu structural funds if only we could avoid taking in illegal immigrants from italy and greece . 
  and they took over our drug production anf distribution . 
  they are so successful that politicians in both bavaria and saxony are getting political points always when they demand closing of borders with czechia , to combat the large influx of pervitin sold by our vietnamese . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  the recent decision of czech goverment to accept those muslim refugees from italy and greece will probably cost their party ( social democrats ) the next elections . 
  political suicide . 
  could it have similar results in poland ? 
  your elections are soon coming ... 
  our nation has some funny experience with nationalism . 
  you know , like habsburg empire , czechoslovakia , sudeten , hitler and ethnical cleansing of 3 mln germans from our country after wwii . 
  if your two main nationalities hate each other \u00b4 s guts , you have a problem to keep them from killing each other . 
  or take a look at balkan . 
  / end, 
  you are confusing pride in national identity with nationalism . 
  generally , in most countries , visible decrease of unemployment starts only 1 - 1,5 years after gdp starts to grow . 
  and at first , it is mostly hiring of temporary and low payed staff . 
  but with time , as gdp growth continues , also full-time good payed job offers come and quality of life slowly rises again . 
  in the czech republic , we went with austerity after the last global crisis hit us too . 
  now , we are back at pre-crisis level of gdp . 
  what i wanted to say - spain is growing again its economy . 
  it may take time till people will feel that their situation is getting better . 
  but you are on a good way . 
  the most important thing now is to watch like a hawk your deficits and possible corruption . 
  and dont vote for populists . 
  populists seem to have nice quick solutions . 
  but you might fall into a trap again . 
  buying short-time gratification on expense of your long-time future is idiotic . 
  i feel sorry for the people there , no doubt . 
  but this is just beginning of their real suffering . 
  if they thought it can \u00b4 t get worse . 
  yeh , surprise , it can . 
  there is a reason why german minister talked recently about humanitarian aid . 
  soon , many types of food and drugs might become scarce . 
  at least , they have no war or massive riots . 
  it already is , i think . 
  czechia is fulfilling all maastricht criteria , but we wont enter euro for many years , and eu wont push us . 
  i think barclays , but dont remember for sure . 
  [ this is a table that suggests otherwise . 
  germany is export champion since long before euro . 
  euro works for them , right . 
  but even without it , they would still have massive suplus . 
  you live far away and seem to have romanticized image of germans . 
  but we have been their neighbours for last 1500 years . 
  there are certain , ahhhm , downsides to it too . 
  you know , we like our good cooperation now . 
  but dont ever mention to a czech , over a beer , even a slight possibility of germans ruling over us . 
  you migth not like the reaction . 
  ah thanks . 
  it is same here , textile and food . 
  plus vietnamese immigrants . 
  what is imported from vietnam ? 
  each of eastern european ez members gave sum of around 4 % of their gdp to greece . 
  it is higher percentage then germans . 
  it will hurt them more then germans . 
  past doesn \u00b4 t determine future . 
  our cnb announced they will assure a fluid exit from cap . 
  but actually some economists speculate we could go directly into erm . 
  our adoption of euro will depend only on political decision , nothing else . 
  so , it is an open issue . 
  vw still hires czech people and pays taxes here . 
  koruna is practically caped to 27 czk/eur . 
  and even after uncaping it , our cnb will make a lot of efforts to keep it in a very narrow corridor . 
  in 2009 , czechia sent an additional loan to imf , of 1,03 mld . 
  this was part of 75 mld eur that , officialy , was lended by eu to imf to go directly to greece . 
  [ link to our central bank announcement , in czech only ] ( https://www.cnb.cz/cs/verejnost/pro_media/tiskove_zpravy_cnb/2009/090420_cnb_mfcr_imf.html ) if greece defaults on imf debts , each czech will lose at least 100 e. and we are not even ez members . 
  but we felt solidarity with fellow eu member greece . 
  i agree partially . 
  ecb seems to lose its neutrality . 
  it broke its own rules , just to help greece . 
  it is unacceptable , because in long run , this is damaging to whole ez . 
  i am with you for stronger mandate , independce and trasnsparentness of ecb . 
  the sooner , the better . 
  i fully agree . 
  you know , i wish we would have mature politicians/voters like estonia has . 
  unfortunatelly , it was always left-leaning party that was governing our country , when we had economical boom times .
