  the two years since the last general election in late may 2010 have been characterized by an aggressive austerity policy . 
  from 2010 to 2011 the deficit was been cut from 4.8 % of gdp to 3.1 % . 
  this decrease in government consumption matches that in countries such as greece , spain and ireland . 
  and the burden of austerity has largely taken the form of spending cuts -- the flat income tax rate of 15 % has remained unchanged throughout the crisis . 
  the reason for such a hardline approach to spending , despite such a low debt level , lies in the rigid ideological stance of the current centre-right coalition , especially the finance minister , whose small party campaigned on a slogan of ` cuts , cuts , cuts . ' neither the logic of the paradox of thrift nor the numbers seem likely to sway the thinking of economic decision makers . '', 
  romania is not part of ez . 
  but slovakia , slovenia and baltics are . 
  and they are far harsher critics of greece than germany ever could be . 
  czech republic run self-instilled austerity program during the latest crisis . 
  it worked nicely . 
  sovereign debt is under 40 % of gdp . 
  lowest unemployment rate from all eu countries . 
  highest gdp/ppp from all post-commie countries in the eu . 
  gini coeficient/inequality haven \u00b4 t changed during last 10 years . 
  gender pay gap and neet rate are decresing . 
  one or two quarters without growth is nothing . 
  czech republic saw 0,2 % gdp growth in last two quarters . 
  it is miserable-almost-zero-growth . 
  at the same time , our unemployment rate went from 4,0 % to 3,5 % . 
  i wish ... 
  actually , preserved skulls of early moravian mojmirovci and bohemian premyslid dukes are typically gracil , round and pretty feminine . 
  the picture goes well with anthropologic studies . 
  some theories and legends think that early czech aristocratic families were mixed offspring of previous avar noble class and locals . 
  on the other hand , dna reveals your typical central european mix , nothing exotic/middle asian . 
  this was my first thought too . 
  coal contains a lot of other material ( depending on its source ) that gets released into air when it burns . 
  you said you would abolish civil marriage . 
  so i deducted that you are ok with religious marriage ( was i wrong ? ) . 
  in some countries , religious marriage is fully valid alone , and grants you priviledges that are normally granted only through civil marriage ( inheritance , spouse right during immigration , tax deduction , info from hospital etc. ) . 
  and this has direct effect on all people , not only on church or church community . 
  that is odd . 
  i myself would ban religious marriages , completely . 
  churches have in my eyes no right to grant priviledges that are valid also outside church . 
  why ? 
  and what should replace it ? 
  eu membership has solved / calmed down entirely the immense animosity between hungarian minority and slovakian state/majority . 
  i still remmember what huge pain in the ass hungarians were during our czechoslovakian time ( 1989-1992 ) . 
  for comparing countries , you can look at : eurostat has statistics only till 2014 ( and not for all countries ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=crim_off_cat&amp;lang=en ) wikipedia is not a bad source in this , but is slightly outdated too . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ), 
  us is violent country only if you compare it to eu members . 
  but , take for example russia or mexiko and you will realize that the us is not bad either . 
  the us is safe country while the eu is super safe . 
  i have good news for you !, 
  you can go back to your siesta , brother . 
  czech republic had only 65 successfull murders last year . 
  with population of 10,55 million , our homicide rate got down to 0,616 per 100.000 people . 
  we have beaten spain ( by a slight margin ) and so we saved you a lot of work it seems , to avoid landing at the dreaded second place . 
  enjoy your free afternoon !, 
  czech republic has very dense net of villages and small towns , originating in early medival times and surviving both industrialisation and urbanisation of last two centuries . 
  average distance between two villages is only 1-2 km , climb a church tower and you will see next villages around . 
  you practically can \u00b4 t get lost here , go 20 minutes in any direction and you will reach houses or road . 
  we practically don \u00b4 t have any wilderness left , it is all agricultural land , strictly managed planted forests or artificial fish ponds . 
  the old painting was done from sch\u00f6nborn garden , that is today part of american embassy areal . 
  fort was replaced by a really nice palace . 
  because you can \u00b4 t just go into garden of american embassy and ask to make photos there , the new photo was taken from another point . 
  from hill pet\u0159\u00edn , that is few hundert meter away and higher . 
  thus , that small hill on the left is not visible . 
  this picture was created almost at the end of 30-years war . 
  prague experienced many battles with army , lost very many people due to death and forced emigration of protestants , many buildings were destroyed . 
  prague never really got over that , and its decay/stagnation for centuries is the reason why it looks so similar today . 
  at the beginning of 30-years war , prague had 60.000 inhabitants who were +80 % protestant . 
  twenty years after the war ended , it was still only 26.000 and 99 % of them catholic . 
  around 115.000 czechs work for minimum wage . 
  i don \u00b4 t think an uniform eu aproach will be beneficial . 
  situation in member countries differs a lot , and each country needs its special-tailored program . 
  czech goverment recently approved state-paid kindergardens for all children 2 years old and older . 
  it means that woman can easily return to work , without stressing about finding a place in kindergarden , or paying too much for it . 
  i think it will work for us . 
  we had fertility rate of around 1.6 last year . 
  i think we will reach 1.8 within few years . 
  together with increased immigration from eastern europe , our demographic development will be positive . 
  you see a line between different levels of gdp per capita . 
  if the eu should succeed in economic convergence of its eastern member countries , you will see a drastic shift in societal norms there , including acceptance of lgtb . 
  give those countries two decades of time and prosperity , and they will be on par with western europe . 
  i don \u00b4 t know our immigration laws in detail . 
  i have read an article recently that said these quota are only for people without university degree . 
  but i might be wrong , of course . 
  we like our factories , so no :-) we have demographic problem because we had very few children being born here in 1990s and early 2000s . 
  we need some immigration right now ( 20.000 - 30.000 a year ) , other slavic country like ukraine is actually the perfect source . 
  before creation of czechoslovakia , czechia and slovakia were at wastly different development stage . 
  czechia was manufacturing heart of habsburg empire , with practically the same wealth and culture compared to austria proper , while slovakia was very poor rural country similar to eastern poland or russia . 
  both countries had very different religiosity , average children born per woman , ( lack of ) manufacturing , political parties , urban/rural ratio , education system , law system etc. 
  the whole time of its existence , czechoslovakia spent huge effort to bring both halves together and erase cultural and language differencies . 
  it was successfull to a large degree . 
  mixed marriages and targeted migration were supported . 
  slovakia got most of new investment . 
  tv/radio stations had 2-3 days a week broadcasting in the opposite language . 
  think about western germany reunificating with eastern germany . 
  or about eu convergence programs , but 1000x more intense . 
  when czechoslovakia split , we finally had very similar gdp per capita and culture . 
  but old divisions were still lurking deep down and with time , they are getting more visible again . 
  right now , czech factories need a lot of people for low-paying unskilled jobs . 
  even with free movement in eu , they can \u00b4 t find enough people . 
  because they pay such low salaries . 
  i don \u00b4 t think ukraine can join the eu within next 10 years . 
  work visa is the only way now . 
  best solution would be drastical increase in offered salaries to attract unemployed spaniards/greeks etc. 
  but i don \u00b4 t really believe in it . 
  most czech office people go to a restaurant ( or company canteen if it exists ) .
