  so no cuts to goverment spending . 
  that infuriates me . 
  right now , we have 4 % real gdp growth . 
  and 1,9 % budget deficit . 
  it makes no sense . 
  we should balance our budget and maybe go into suplus , to pay our debts . 
  because we never know when next crisis would hit us . 
  why are we only so short-sighted ? 
  our major banks are not responsible because of good intensions . 
  they are responsible because our central bank would cut their balls if they found even a slight shortcoming , not to mention a fraud , or too much hazard or other irresponsibility . 
  our central bank is ferociously independent and transparent . 
  our parlament tried several times to sway it , because of political reasons . 
  no chance in hell . 
  our goverment has exactly zero influence on our cnb . 
  and this is good . 
  ecb must stay neutral , independent on the eu and member \u00b4 s parliaments , if it should do good job . 
  it also must be transparent and always consistent in its decisions . 
  and this is pending now . 
  ecb is prolonging ela beyond what it has mandate to do . 
  and this decision , not tocut ela , is a political one . 
  and that is wrong . 
  ecb must behave independently on what politicians and electrorates want . 
  it must behave only on valid rules and laws . 
  otherwise , euro is doomed , because of lost trust . 
  i know that czech national bank has strict control over all czech banks . 
  they have several hundert employees , whose only job is to audit our banks . 
  constantly . 
  they go from branch to branch , from one headquarter to another , and they make audits , from ceos to last counter clerk . 
  by law , licensed banks must allow them access to all documents . 
  be it employee contracts , mortage contracts with clients , forex , derivatives , or rent of their parking spots . 
  our central bank gives them orders about increase of capitalisation , about types of collaterals they can accept , mortages they can offer , insurance they must pay , banks cant pay dividends or other large transfers without approval of cnb . 
  just because central banks in other countried do terrible job , doesnt mean czech central bank must too . 
  we got wiser from our 90s lesson . 
  of course , no risk can be eliminated for 100 % , but it can be extremelly minimalized . 
  thank you for buying our products . 
  i think that the gap between our countries is getting smaller , not wider . 
  poland is doing really good job , my respect to you guys . 
  the secret behind local success of \u0160koda is a mix of affordable price , good quality , cheap spare parts , and effort to support high employment rate . 
  czech koruna is pegged to euro since 2013 . 
  slovakia is doing equally well , despite really being in euro . 
  euro is not the poison . 
  poison is euro mixed with fiscal irresponsibility or other huge unbalance/bubble . 
  at this point , i want our country to stay out of euro for another few years , while observing what is going on in ez and ecb . 
  but truth is that our exports are 80 % sold to ez countries . 
  germany alone makes something like 30 % . 
  we are bound with germany by umbilical cord . 
  there is a reason for some to call us the 17th bundesland . 
  so , even if we wont accept euro ( people here really dislike that idea ) , our currency will stay pegged one way or another , maybe similar to denmark . 
  so you would prefer a complete collaps of banking sector in at least 4 eu countries ? 
  do you even understand what for a catastrophe it would be for their citizens ? 
  the czech goverment was forced to bail out czech banks in 90s . 
  at that time , my opinion was negative , if it would depend on me , i would let them collaps . 
  my uni professor at that time had an opinion that bank stability is more important , even if all czechs had to pay the bill . 
  we had an dissagreement that we battled about , and both stayed unchanged of their opinion then . 
  the fun fact is , i have changed opinion since then , after realising what could have happened then . 
  and my old professor is now our czech finance minister , btw . 
  and all local banks are under very rigid observation and control of our central bank , with strict rules put on them . 
  czech banks has been very stable since 90s . 
  we learnt our lession the hard way , after we got sent a huge bill . 
  this is just a reminder , that europe doesnt consist only of greece . 
  most europeans countries are doing very well . 
  eu tries to find a way that would be least painful for greece . 
  if that fails , greeks will really suffer , similar to argentina or venezuela . 
  but greece is independent to make a choice.s o all we can do is close borders and offer humanitarian aid . 
  in slovakia , the schengen border means a wild uninhabited national park on both borders with war-torn and close-to financial collaps ukraine . 
  slovakia is fullfilling its obligations in guarding schengen border . 
  unlike italy . 
  you know it is funny . 
  eu is trying to save greek ass from full uncontroled default , with all it contains . 
  against greek will . 
  and now they realised that greece is so headstrong that eu will fail in its attempts . 
  so the only thing we can do , is to prepair humanitarian aid . 
  this was out of question for greece anymore , with their falling gdp . 
  there are countries that decided to have balanced budgets . 
  switzerland , germany , estonia , to name european examples . 
  but they started in good times . 
  your table is wrong , or rather it is not complete debt . 
  czech republic sent 1 bln euro to imf as 1 % loan from our state reserves . 
  a good portion was used in greece . 
  but it doesnt change anything on my statement . 
  countries like slovakia wont help greece anymore . 
  they are not naive like germans are . 
  germans still believe in solidarity with greece . 
  but any new bailout or debt cut wont be able to pass slovak pairlament anymore . 
  you cant imagine how angry people are in countries like slovakia , slovenia or baltics . 
  their fms wont give a single cent to greece anymore , unless they want to face riots in their countries . 
  there might be , but are pretty rare . 
  i understand it differently . 
  he promised to greeks that they will still have euro , but most of the debt will be cancelled . 
  when i see what germans get back for their help and all the money they funnel into greece - only hate and ingratitude , i pity them . 
  please , germans , dont pay too much attention to it , and just stay professional . 
  europe right now depends on you and your cold head , apparently . 
  this is the reason greece is fucked . 
  you are mistaken , it is greece that wants to stay in ez . 
  syriza was voted in because they promised greece can stay in ez . 
  bond yields of other southern eu countries already contain the possibility of greek default . 
  there mighht be an increase , but not enough to tumble them seriously . 
  most eu countries are recovering their economy . 
  again , greek default is not unexpected , and it wont cause big panic . 
  volaility yes , but not fatal .
