  because in real life , average czech probably never saw a me person ( with exception of maybe short holiday resort vacation in all-inclusive hotel ) . 
  i don \u00b4 t think anybody knows the future of +50 european countries for the next century . 
  nobody owns cristal ball to predict future , you know . 
  but if we talk theoretically on the example of the czech republic : our statisticians calculated population change for next 50 years based on current trends . 
  in their model , our total population will remain flat at 10,6 mio if we have net immigration of 16.000 ( or so ) a year to offsett our lower birth rate . 
  right now , our net immigrantion is over 20.000 a year . 
  that means we don \u00b4 t need to attract more immigrants . 
  35 people share the same surname ( combination of both male and female variant of it ) . 
  all are related through my grand-grand-grandfather . 
  around 2000 euros . 
  household of 2 in small town outside prague , don \u00b4 t have to pay rent . 
  yes , meth is the dominant illegal drug in czech lands since 1970s . 
  but , it started to spread like epidemy to neighbouring countries ( including saxony and bavaria ) only ca 10 years ago . 
  when vietnamese gangs completelly took over wholesale production and distribution of meth in our country . 
  it is still our fault , because it \u00b4 s the czech police that \u00b4 s incapable to stop them . 
  already almost 1 % of our vietnamese minority sits in czech prisons , but it didn \u00b4 t even slow the export flow to the rest of europe . 
  we must fight it more . 
  little story . 
  my office is located in an old house in prague that is protected as an architectonical monument . 
  to repair or change even minor detail , you need approval of local authorities who are veeeery strict . 
  company had to pay substantial fine recently when inspection found out renovation of roof damaged some old wooden beams . 
  renovation of facade took long time and was very pricey because of all the ornaments/stucco details . 
  few days back in the morning , we found facade of this building covered in large spray paintings ( light blue color ) of `` antifa '' , or `` release all anarchistic prisoners '' etc. 
  and it was not only our house , whole steet was covered by this shit . 
  i guess some antifa crowd visited prague on their way to hamburg . 
  our leader of far-right is tomio okamura . 
  father was half japanese half korean , mother was czech . 
  he grew up in japan . 
  i don \u00b4 t know his religion , but his origin doesn \u00b4 t seem to bother our neo-nazi at all . 
  once a month , maybe ? 
  tourists i guess ( prague ), 
  number one nationality among italian boat people are bangladeshi so far this year . 
  in the czech republic , number of asylum seekers is stable for 3 years at around 120 persons per month . 
  illegal immigration spiked dramatically in 2015 and went down now , but it \u00b4 s still elevated compared to time pre 2012 . 
  legal immigration from middle east is increasing . 
  of course has hungary many such surnames . 
  after end of ottoman rule , the newly-conquered land had very few people ( wars do that a lot ) . 
  so hungarian/austrian govement invited many new settlers from all over the europe . 
  my grand-grandfather comes from a moravian village near tata . 
  older people there still speak or at least understand old version of moravian czech . 
  the next village is german . 
  and other village nearby is italian . 
  idkifa_cz is right . 
  within last 10 years , vietnamese minority monopolized production and wholesale of meth and marihuana in the czech republic . 
  czechs ofcourse produce some drugs too , but it \u00b4 s mostly small-scale production for a small circle of customers . 
  vietnamese on the other hand run huge international bussiness where they deal in tonnes and not kilograms . 
  they started to export meth at large . 
  i have to write kari and not curry . 
  becuase this powder spice you can buy here is very bland and very uniform . 
  it is adapted to local taste and lost its `` indianness '' so to speak . 
  miniature kol\u00e1\u010de ( pastry with jam/nut/curd filling ) , very sweet and heavy . 
  each guest of the banquet will get a box full of them . 
  it \u00b4 s a white paper box/basket decorated with myrtle . 
  you will find a few indian restaurants in prague and other bigger cities . 
  but when we talk about regular cousine that people prepaire themselves at home , only kari ( curry ) spice got popular . 
  this spice is most commonly used in milk/cream type of sauces we put on meat ( chicken most often ) . 
  most czechs don \u00b4 t consider them muslim countries , as funny as it might sound . 
  when you hear bosna or albania ( and that might be once every 10 years or so , we have hardly any contact ) , you think yeah , those shittiest parts of balkan , mafia and crime , but their prevailing religion is not important . 
  we don \u00b4 t assiciate them directly with islam . 
  the same way we don \u00b4 t associate serbs or russians with orthodox christianity . 
  religion is not important in their case , probably because traditionally most of them don \u00b4 t consider their religion important enough to lead their everyday life and thus its not defining feature for them . 
  lets say you meet tourists - an albanian family . 
  they might be poorer and females wear long sleeves . 
  but them being maybe muslims doesn \u00b4 t even cross your mind and you don \u00b4 t change your behaviour and expectations . 
  when you meet tourists - dark-skinned arab family where females wear hijab and typical muslim clothes , them being muslim becomes their most important feature . 
  so you stop yourself , to consider what might offend them , how the hell to interact with them to not overstep some boundaries that you have no clue about exist in their culture . 
  absolute majority of czechs knows nothing about syria . 
  only some generalized memes based on refugee crisis . 
  so - islam , war , terrorists , desert , danger , keep away . 
  all muslim majority countries are seen like they were the same . 
  the only exception are tourist destination countries : turkey , dubai , egypt and tunisia . 
  slovakia had me\u010diar in 1990s who in some aspects was similar to orb\u00e1n . 
  if slovaks could get rid of him peacefully , hungarians can kick out orb\u00e1n too . 
  unless russians get involved - then it \u00b4 s shitshow with ugly end . 
  but hungary is in the eu and russia can \u00b4 t orchestrate ukraine 2.0 so i keep my hopes high . 
  well-off people living in booming economy and peaceful times are more inclined to vote for reasonable and left-leaning candidates . 
  cutting developing funds won \u00b4 t make orban less popular in any way . 
  the situation of hungary is complicated . 
  hungary used to be pretty wealthy and progressive country compared to all its neigbours ( minus austria ) . 
  but due to high govermental debts and mismanagement , its economy is weak ever since the 1990s and other neighbours are surpassing it . 
  this leads to discontent and frustration and helped populists to get to power and maintain it . 
  the migration crisis was a big gift to orban whose popularity was slowly waning at that time . 
  he misused the situation mercilessly . 
  if not for it , i think hungarians would already get rid of him now . 
  i must stress that i have no constructive solution how to get rid of him . 
  but i know it must be done by hungarians , without direct meddling of other countries . 
  pretty much this . 
  nothing before 21th century is worth living in . 
  almost the whole 20th century was a clusterfuck . 
  even the idealised but short-lived first republic was in fact rather grim , shortages after wwi , fights along ethnical lines , black friday crisis , growth of nazism among sudeten germans and the inevitable death of the republic . 
  and me as a woman , i absolutelly refuse to consider 19th century or earlier times . 
  i understand it also all ( when i read it aloud ) , with exception of the second word . 
  it should be kravka in czech . 
  korovka doesn \u00b4 t ring a bell . 
  main goal of this policy is to expose czech students to foreigners . 
  it also helps us to get quality immigrants , young educated people from similar cultural backround that are easy to assimilate/intermarry with czechs . 
  graduates from czech unis get granted work visa . 
  it is also sort of propaganda tool . 
  graduates that return home or leave for other countries probably will retain a soft spot for czechia , when they get into influential positions . 
  it is the case for both bachelor and master degrees .
