  sorry , but i don \u00b4 t support deliberate killing of people . 
  we have to prevent the people from boats to ever reach their goal ( getting asylum or dissapear into european underworld ) and so discourage them from using this way . 
  when i mention the pull factor , i mean the whole asylum proces and conditions . 
  i basically agree with you . 
  the system was designed for high-trust society and world with low travel oportunities . 
  behaviour and opinions of the migrants/refugees . 
  we took 12 . 
  so we need 4 more refugees to leave the `` bad '' club or what ? 
  we have general elections in october . 
  any czech party that would blink now and agree with quota will lose everything . 
  that is classical political fight and eu is stepping in in the worst possible moment . 
  we have signed lisabon treaty . 
  that means majority voting is enough , decisions don \u00b4 t need to be unanimous anymore . 
  majority of eu countries voted the quota relocation program in . 
  including estonia . 
  we can be aganst it , but it is still legally binding . 
  the problem is far wider than just insufficient border enforcement in southern europe . 
  the current asylum system is broken . 
  vision of free access to western/northern european countries for everybody who manages to finish the insane crosscountry race is just too big a lure for too many people from all around the world . 
  asylum/refugee status is seen as a way how to circumvent normal immigration process by people that would never get in legally . 
  wealthy parts of europe need to reduce the pull factor . 
  otherwise , greece and italy will always fight with large number of illegals on boats . 
  eu can \u00b4 t block already approved funds . 
  but it can place a penalty for infringements . 
  not all proved infringements end with a penalty - see france and their fiscal deficit . 
  yeah , czech companies are not really open to hire foreigners . 
  your experience is pretty common . 
  our company for example discards all cvs of people without eu citizenhip and czech or slovak fluency . 
  while we hire pretty much any czech that reacts to our ads . 
  yes , it \u00b4 s zimmerman , just writen how we hear it ( phonetically ) . 
  every possible line of work looks for more people . 
  our police is bemoaning that it can \u00b4 t hire 5000 people that our goverment agreed to add , especially in prague where police job salary is uncompetitive . 
  army had to lower requirements several times and they still lack recruits . 
  factories are importing tens of thousands foreigners each year . 
  factory i work in hve to refuse some orders because we don \u00b4 t have free capacity . 
  my local bank had to shorted opening hours because they have not enough staff . 
  local post office often don \u00b4 t deliver packages for days , they don \u00b4 t have people . 
  supermarkets run huge bilboards to attract cashiers and store management . 
  every truck on highway is covered with adverts for drivers jobs . 
  i turn on radio , and maybe 1/3 ads they run are hiring ads . 
  practically every pub , pizzeria or hotel around me has a board at entrance with open positions . 
  it people get 2-3 unsolicited e-mails per week with job offers . 
  sometimes i get sms with job offer when i drive along logistics/business centers , last time it was for pet animal store . 
  hospitals are always understaffed , our best transplantation center had to decrease number of operations because even they just can \u00b4 t find nurses . 
  on the other hand , foregners can \u00b4 t help us much . 
  our salaries are low even for spaniards and greeks . 
  most jobs need fluency in czech ( with few exceptions in big cities , like it or construction ) . 
  and not to forget , czechs are often very xenophobic and anti-immigration , even darker europeans like south italians would feel it . 
  it depends . 
  many new eu countries like poland , czech republic , hungary ( frequent destinations for ukrainains looking for work ) have now acute lack of labour force . 
  in czechia for example , we have +200.000 open job advertisements . 
  that is more than number of our unemployed people according to eurostat . 
  catholic ( including greek catholics ) married women in central eastern europe used to wear head covering since their marriage till death . 
  the tradition died out . 
  but still a lot of slovak marriage celebrations end the day with ceremonial head-covering of the bride . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccder-k1wag also , during big church celebrations in morava ( czech republic ) , you might still see women wearing traditional clothes with veil frequently . 
  i find the quickly rising number of open advertised positions ( 175.000 ) to be rather good news for our youth . 
  people coming fresh from school have nowadays high hope to find a good paying stable job . 
  we give 12-18 years for murder ( and half of it when the victim doesn \u00b4 t die ) . 
  i think that both figures are in good proportion to the severity of their crimes . 
  wrong . 
  if poland will limit sale of the pill , it will also require a check-up by said doctor of womans condition prior the usage of the pill . 
  that means no doctor will sell you the pill before you need it . 
  only after you get into such situation you will need it , you can visit doctor , who will check you and give you the pill that you have to swallow in front of the doctor . 
  if only doctor would be legally allowed to give you the pill , then even after sexual assault you still need to do the same process . 
  make an appointment with your gynecologist , get a check-up and get the pill . 
  edit - possible early stage of pregnancy is not a life-threatening situation according to probably every country on earth . 
  that means that nobody can give you the pill , unless he/she is a licensed doctor . 
  it is not situation of life or death ( such situation can override almost every law , if your act can prevent death/serious injury , you are deemed innocent in front of court ) . 
  otherwise such person would brake law and get into prison . 
  look at my case for example . 
  when i make an appointment at my gynekologist , i rarely get one in under 3 days . 
  not to mention i have to take half-day free at work , because she is in another town . 
  that pill is named `` morning after '' for a reason , time in such case is everything . 
  not to mention an doctor appointment costs money ( is it paid in poland from general insurance , i don \u00b4 t know ) . 
  poles , i generally like you a lot . 
  but , as a woman , i seriously ask you to tone done your religious fervour when it affects your law-making process . 
  im sure there are also non-catholic people living around in poland . 
  it is unfair to them to be subjected to catholic-inspired regulations . 
  czech institutions are usually really crap at securing eu funds . 
  but 2015 was the last year we could get money from period 2009-2013 budget . 
  so everybody and their grandmother dedicated their effort to finish projects and get that sweet money home . 
  therefore , year 2015 was an extreme . 
  we got 4x more from eu than any other year since our eu memberhip or so . 
  in future , we will get much less because we are getting nearer the eu average . 
  i should also note that while living standart is not bad here , it is achieved by low col. local prices are rather low . 
  but our average net salary is still under 800 eur . 
  so we feel pretty poor when traveling abroad . 
  i wish they would include cz . 
  most of ee people never knew we were disliked in western europe . 
  majority of people in the east ( i am talking about new eu members , not russia ) used to have very idealised image of people in the west . 
  they didn \u00b4 t belive they could be racist against us ( people tha . 
  some people found out during their first holiday spent there . 
  many found out only during brexit , that got ofcourse large coverage in local newspapers . 
  it is like being a child and adoring your parents/family . 
  and than you grow up and realise they are shitty poeople who cheat , lie or worse on daily basis . 
  and your world is put on head . 
  denmark managed to get an extemption when they got eu membership , they don \u00b4 t need to follow eu immigration policies . 
  at the other hand , they had no right to vote on this particular issue too . 
  no need to blame them .
