  almost 1 % of our numerous vietnamese community is currently sitting in our prisons , mostly for meth production and tax evasion . 
  heads of russian-speaking gangs , caucasian , balkanites have made prague their headquarters . 
  they have made a pact + decade ago , that czech republic is sort of truce-area , they don \u00b4 t engage in mafia wars on our soil . 
  we are their safe haven to launder money and hide their families . 
  after writing all this , i must admit that our crime rate is decreasing recently . 
  our prison population has reached a peak and is poised to go down . 
  youth deliquency is falling sharply . 
  when our adult habitual criminals retire , we should reach prison population nearer we average . 
  jan hus \u00b4 s legacy was a painful way how to get atheism . 
  10/10 don \u00b4 t recommend . 
  early hussites went full fundamentalist isis-style . 
  large scale looting . 
  kidnaping and blokades of towns for ransom . 
  ban on clothing of any colour than gray/black . 
  ban on all fun/sin activities , with executions even for smallest offense . 
  they also destroyed +95 % of our existing churches and monasteries . 
  killing monks , raping nuns , setting everything ablaze . 
  destroying towns and villages that refused to convert . 
  destroying art , paintings and depictions of god/saints . 
  tired of this shit , moderate hussites prevailed , nobles agreed on strict personal freedom of religion , and country started to prosper again . 
  yet , just a century later we got trapped in fight between protestants and catholics , aka 30-years war . 
  even more devastation in our lands . 
  in 30 years , we lost 60 % of inhabitants and almost 100 % of educated people . 
  and this in time when people used to have +5 children per family . 
  prague needed 100 years to get back to pre-war number of inhabitants . 
  many villages were never settled again , forest took them back . 
  recently , i \u00b4 ve read some longer essey written by jan hus . 
  it was about moral values in family life , woman place in society and so . 
  yeah , he was fundamental christian . 
  but . 
  it was 100 % intelligible to me . 
  strange syntax , some archaic words and spelling here and there . 
  but otherwise smooth reading . 
  how little has czech language changed in 6 centuries . 
  congrats estonia for that nice progress . 
  1990s were rough on you . 
  but now you are doing nicely . 
  another decade and you will outcompete germany in these stats . 
  my first and most important conclusion is actually different and has no connection with muslims . 
  the table shows that attitudes in eastern eu countries are changing for the better , the process of deep societal changes is running . 
  it also shows that the most affluent ( gdp/person ) countries are also most tolerant . 
  it means our problem is actually economical . 
  if we want to increase tolerance to gays , prosperity of local population is the key . 
  bring the poor eu countries near/above the average gdp of we countries and homophobic opinions will almost dissappear . 
  give it some time . 
  one additional decade of strong economic boom in estonia and you should see visible progress . 
  you have all neccessary conditions on your side ( btw i absolutelly adore your low corruption index , low state debt , high digitalisation etc. , my respect ) . 
  patience . 
  hey , have you ever visited prague ( almost 20 % immigrants ) or other parts of czech republic ( 5 % immigrants , 10 mio tourists annually ) ? 
  our second biggest immigrant group are vietnamese , clearly noneuropean , they live even in smallest villages . 
  we have almost no xenophobic attacks , antisemitism is dead . 
  poles get beaten in the uk , jews get harrased in sweden , asylum houses are set on fire in germany . 
  do you remmember similar news from my country ? 
  recent refugees are different from ca 20.000 bosnian refugees we accepted in 1990s . 
  when we offer them help , they despise us and offend us . 
  we give them accomodation and jobs , they ran away to germany . 
  we cath them and they say they will commit suicide or kill their children if we don \u00b4 t let them go into germany . 
  many also return home to iraq/syria while saying it \u00b4 s better than our country . 
  after such incidents , public opinion turned against quota . 
  terrorist attacks in we don \u00b4 t help their image too . 
  in which way it has shifted ? 
  there seems to be a direct correlation between gdp per capita , power of local church and homophobia . 
  we can \u00b4 t do much with local church from outside . 
  so economical development of poorer parts of europe is the best way to make them more tolerant . 
  look at older cases of ireland or malta , quick rise of living standarts made wonders for their lgtb stance in relativelly short time . 
  interpol is an important tool . 
  expecially now in the age of terrorist attacks and global crime-nets . 
  why is turkey fucking with it ? 
  a chain of several random events . 
  we were majority heretic ( hussite ) at the begining of 30 year war . 
  german-speaking catholics won the war and recatholized bohemian lands by sword and expulsions . 
  our population went down from 3 million to 800.000 people , 2/3 of villages disappeared . 
  when czech nationalism was born in late 18th century , catholic church was regarded as an oppressive tool loyal to german habsburgs . 
  it was basically calling for anticlericalism , not for atheism at the beginning . 
  priests would be mocked in popular culture of 19th century , depicted to behave immorally , drinking , gambling and sleeping with whores . 
  educated czech elite was left-leaning . 
  french-enamored and often agnostic . 
  during wwi , local catholic church backed the war and called people to participate . 
  that alienated many from lower classes . 
  when we gained independence in 1918 , we cut diplomatic relations with vatican . 
  to depict the popular opinion , when rowdy crowd celebrated end of wwi in prague , it destroyed an iconic 17th century statue of virgin mary at old town square , in symbolic ( and barbaric ) gesture of freeing ourselves from oppression . 
  more than two millions of czechs officially left the church in 1920s and 1930s , by removing their names from babtizing registers . 
  then came attrocities of wwii that robbed faith of many . 
  and when commies backed by soviets made a putch in 1948 , sunday school for children got prohibited and overly religious people targeted . 
  after commie regime fell , we had only mild resurrection of faith , but it died down quicky . 
  that means that a good portion of czech families has not been attending church for 3-4 generations , not even for wedding or funeral . 
  what conspiracy ? 
  what orthodox ? 
  what jews ? 
  putin \u00b4 s russia is activelly trying to weaken its neighbours in order to gain more power . 
  when they sence weakness , they will hit . 
  any goodwill you would show to russia now will be seen as naive stupidity and weakness and used immediatelly against you . 
  i hope you understand it ? 
  was ukraine case not transparent enough ? 
  grrrr ... 
  what direct neighbouring countries are potentionally interested in destroying poland ? 
  only russia . 
  all other are either friends or at least neutral ( belarus ) . 
  and belarus can be brought to our dark side too , we just must wait for the right chance , might be decades through . 
  your israel analogy is wrong .
