  automotive industry creates 8 % of czech gdp and accounts for 25 % of czech exports . 
  it is not only about \u0160koda cars . 
  we are important supplier of auto-parts for assembly lines in half of europe . 
  the czech republic has the highest share of manufacturing on its gdp among all eu countries . 
  real answer ? 
  because czechs love hitchhiking in their own country . 
  deciding on whim to go for a walk for 5-10 km is natural and done frequently . 
  slow saturday with your gf or family ? 
  take your shoes and portmoney , close door and go out , for a long walk through fields and woods . 
  without any preparation or second thought . 
  because czech republic is safe , villages are just 1-3 km apart , we have dense system of walking marked paths , no dangerous animals , no dangerous terrain , no dangerous weather conditions . 
  if you get lost , you just continue to walk and in a few minutes you will meet somebody you can ask about directions . 
  you get hungry or thirty , and you know next pub or store is just around corner . 
  so , when average czechs go abroad , into more dangerous terrain , they often dont give it a second thought , dont prepaire themselves enough . 
  they just go out for a walk , believing nothing will happen to them . 
  we have our gypsies ( 250.000 ) , and while there are good people among them too , their disinterest in education is well known . 
  we have sent some policeforce , aid and money . 
  but definitelly not enough to even make a dent on their list of needed things . 
  captive vultures are easy to rewild , especially when they are released as young birds and get some artificial feeding place at the beginning . 
  czech zoos release young bred vultures , eagles and owls of endangered species regularly , and with very good results . 
  released birds get gps sender and are tracked for months to be sure they are able to take care of themselves in the wild . 
  black vultures are pretty hard to breed in captivity , with 1 chick per year at most . 
  several czech zoos has got breeding pairs with the aim to produce chicks and then release them in balkan and elsewhere in southern europe . 
  i dont know if you would like to live in czechia . 
  our wages are shitty compared with western europe . 
  if you want to move to earn decent money , go west . 
  chr\u00e1st or chrast\u00ed has a meaning of thin dry branches laying on forest floor that you collect to get wood for heating , without falling a tree . 
  \u0160umava is czech name for a forested mountain chain on the border between bavaria and czechia . 
  contemporary german name is b\u00f6hmerwald . 
  romans called it saltus hircanus or sylva lunae . 
  celts called it gabreta . 
  yup . 
  \u0160um has the same meaning in czech . 
  les \u0161um\u00ed = forest makes noise in wind . 
  and we also still use doubrava = oak forest ( old-czech form was dubrava ) . 
  any important czech party that would be loudly pro-refugee from mena region would commit instant suicide . 
  only `` greens '' have some pro-refugee stance , but they are fringe party and they stay rather silent . 
  recent survey stated that almost 50 % czech would accept influx of ukrainian refugees . 
  but almost 90 % are against muslim refugees , even with temporal stay . 
  local social democrats are central-left party . 
  czech national bank forecasts 5,2 % growth of real gdp in 4q 2015 . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.cnb.cz/en/monetary_policy/forecast/index.html?cnb_css=true ), 
  congrats to our neighbours !, 
  ( ps : we will beat you when our numbers for 4q are released , with estimated 5 % growth of gdp ) . 
  prague was no. 1 among methamphetamin users in year 2013 and 2012 . 
  we did it !, 
  merkel has been a good politician for years . 
  her only two faults are energiewende and now large scale asylum immigration . 
  i dont want merkel to step down . 
  i just want her to rethink her stance on irregular immigration . 
  without germany , the eu is in stalemate and cant find united solution . 
  we received almost 500.000 legal immigrants during last 10 years . 
  despite our traditionally very strict immigration laws . 
  we might just not attrack many muslims , with germany and austria around the corner . 
  but during balkan wars and ukraine crisis , we were a popular destination . 
  are we in the same situation as greece now ? 
  can we reach their % of state debt in 2-3 decades ? 
  easily , if we dont pay attention . 
  interest already makes 5 % of our state budget . 
  is it not too much ? 
  it is more then all healtcare costs in one year together . 
  only a little less then our total budget of all schools and universities . 
  over 50 billion czk is a lot of money !, 
  i am not angry because of current shape of czechia , which is not bad . 
  i am mad about tendency of our politicians to ignore future costs of their decisions that bring short-term illusion of prosperity , to buy voters in next elections . 
  populism is too dangerous to be ignored . 
  i dont see state debt as an investment . 
  rather like a anti-cyclical tool . 
  when recession hits , you take loan to stabilize gdp and prevent excessive poverty of people depending primarily on social transfers ( pensioners etc. ) . 
  then , during boom years , you pay the loan back over reasonable timeframe . 
  is greece living a fairy tale ? 
  is interest our state pays due to our debt just an imaginery ? 
  last year , our gdp grew over 4 % . 
  while state deficit was almost 2 % of gdp . 
  that doesnt make sense !, 
  this is a crime against next generations . 
  my answer : we should decrease spending . 
  i am losing faith in my country . 
  we live through boom years , yet we are still not able to balance our state budget . 
  this is bad for the future , because with so much looming risks in both europe and elsewehere recently , next financial crisis might come any day . 
  we need to create reserves and `` room to breath '' to wither it without too much damage . 
  prague has an ongoing problem of pickpocketing gangs , cheating taxis and street exchange offices . 
  ( while violent crime is extremelly rare . ), 
  being a bit street smart is a good thing . 
  differences in culture , i would say . 
  their concept of family , future , honour , etc is in clash with majority population . 
  one example : traditional roma dont understand the concept of delayed gratification ( you sacrifice something now in order to reap benefits in future ) . 
  therefore , education is not considered an investment in better life of their children . 
  they view it as a nuisanse that makes their life difficult and only costs money . 
  generaly , bad experiences on both sides resulted into deep rasism now , on both sides , that will be hard to overcome in decades to come . 
  definitelly . 
  germany , austria and the uk are favourite targets of our criminals . 
  commie czechoslovakia had a plan to assimilate roma living in eastern slovakia in absolute poverty . 
  goverment dispersed them over whole czechoslovakia , gave them nice new apartments , jobs and forced all their children into schools . 
  this way , we got majority of our roma in czechia , because holocaust killed all old indigenous czech roma , only few hundert survived in 1945 . 
  that assimilation plan was unsuccessfull , btw . 
  yeah , a good part of them is there now . 
  i have just checked german statistics and czechs made 0,22 % of your tatverd\u00e4chtiger / crime suspects in year 2014 . 
  haha , not really .
