  we belong between top 10 most peaceful countries on earth , that \u00b4 s true . 
  but property crime ( like pick-pocketing and car break-in ) is still a problem , and we must be more active to combat it . 
  there is enough space for improvement . 
  those wild 90s are over . 
  our police managed to break and inprison or scare away those violent gangs . 
  remaining ukrainian mafias are now specialised in exploiting their compatriots working and living here . 
  ( if you or some your friend ever think about working in cz , be very wary of ukr . 
  agencies arranging visa and job here , search for references , or you might land in sort of slavery . ), 
  russian crime has now form of rich russsian immigrants that invest here and often bring their old habits with them ( bribing , cheating , blackmail , nepotism ... ) . 
  klaus \u00b4 s amnesty caused probably that 7 % increase in crime rate in year 2013 . 
  but it cant explain why it decreased by 22 % in two years since then . 
  i am sure our police has tendency to sway stats to paint a rosier view of our crime situation . 
  that is natural for every police force . 
  but even our insurance companies , car register and journalists agree that most crimes are on the decline . 
  at first , yes , it would be a brackish lake . 
  but with time , with only fresh water inflow , salinity should gradually decrease . 
  it will be very slow process through , even with salinity in bothnian bay of less then 5 promile now . 
  i dont think there is one single reason . 
  if i should guess what are the underlaying causes , i would suggest : - falling unemployment and rising real wages , even in the worst regions ( ostrava , \u00dast\u00ed , chomutov ) - new law that prohibits sale of scrap metal for cash ( theft of metal parts has decreased by 50 % since this law passed earlier this year ) - police staff grew , together with police funding , and implementation of new tools ( like crime prediction software ) - sales of new cars grew by 20 % compared to last year , new cars have better protection against theft , and there is now lower demand for second-hand spare parts originating from stolen cars - better international cooperation , like police officers from vietnam stationed here long-term to combat vietnamese gangs that dominate our drug scene , or romanian police force that helps catch romanian gypsy gangs in prague - czech courts dealing with crime offences have success in decreasing average lenght of a process each passing year , so criminals land sooner in jail ( but this causes our jails to become overcrowded again ) - crime rates in slovakia , poland , baltics , balkan , romania etc. 
  are decreasing too , so we get much less foreign criminals then we used to , despite open borders czech crime rate is lowest since year 1991 , but we still have a long way to reach crime rate comparable with last years of commie regime . 
  it helps , i am sure . 
  4,5 % of czechs work in tourism industry , but i cant find statisticsolely for prague region . 
  it is a significant factor in both employment and gdp for sure . 
  on the other side , a lot of tourist bussiness in city centrum ( hotels , restaurants , tour operators ... ) is owned and staffed by foreigners . 
  according to official stats from year 2012 , 14 % of permanent prague inhabitants had foreign passport . 
  real number is probably higher . 
  i cant say i am happy about this result . 
  while i believe in maximum personal freedom and `` live and let live '' credo , i also despise addicts . 
  be it heavy alcoholics , or people addicted to hard drugs or gambling . 
  because they cause serious harm to others , most often their own families . 
   \u010cnb is the central bank of the state . 
  its primary purpose is to maintain price stability ; its activities can be interferred only by a law . 
  \u010cnb has a self-defined inflation targeting of 2 % y/y . 
  \u010cnb created koruna floor in late 2013 , at 27 czk / eur . 
  the main reason was to avoid impending deflation . 
  it is a temporary measure , till our inflation will get back on track of around 2 % ( toleration zone is 1 - 3 % ) . 
  if koruna floor wont help enough because our foreign reserves might grow too much one day ( they are low now and our central bank has been critized because they were too low ) , \u010cnb already mentioned it is ready to impose negative interest rate . 
  \u010cnb \u00b4 s reserves as of 30.06.2015 : eur 51,20 bln usd 57,29 bln, 
  the linked article talks about euro being stronger then expected against usd . 
  and it tries to speculate \u010cnb \u00b4 s fx interventions might be one of many causes of it . 
  which is nonsense . 
  an example - in june 2015 , \u010cnb increased its reserves by 1,51 bln euro . 
  that is absolutely insignificant figure . 
   euro 's large move upwards have baffled traders and investors , who struggle to pin point any specific reason for the move . 
   and with dollar broadly weak across board , euro advance against dollar . 
  it is pretty stupid to think czech national bank can have any significant impact on the exchange rate of eur / usd . 
  our economy is very very small and currency reserves of central bank are around of 30 % of gdp . 
  due to interventions , our eur reserves could grow , lets say , by another 40-50 bln euro till end of year 2016 . 
  and 50 bln euro spread over 18 months , that is insignificant for european fx market . 
  average salary in slovakia and czech rep are now almost the same . 
  our economies are on par ( the biggest difference is high unemployment in eastern slovakia ) . 
  so if you think czechia is ok , then slovakia is ok too . 
  if you ever think about emigrating from hungary , look into south slovakia !, 
  everything is in hungarian language , shops , schools , companies etc there , even slovaks living there are bilingual . 
  while exports to russia decreased by 40 % , total czechs exports grew by 5 % annualy . 
  the same with tourism . 
  we lost almost 50 % of russians , while total number of foreign tourists grew by 10 % . 
  i dont know about netherlands . 
  i commented on differencies between eu countries . 
  some of them prohibit fresh refugees to work . 
  my country is one of them . 
  a new refugee is placed in detention camp in deep woods ( with barbed wire , similar to prison , with dozens of policemen watching over them ) and prohibited to work for at least 1 year . 
  after that , they get help to find a work - mostly the lowest jobs imaginable , with minimum salary . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  each eu country has different laws about refugees . 
  in the czech republic for example , refugees are prohibited to work at least 1 year . 
  poland is similar . 
  he was sarcastic , if you havent noticed . 
  the czech republic did austerity when the latest crisis hit us and tax income sharply fell . 
  we have started austerity when our debt was still low ( but growing ) and havent waited till it got critical . 
  long before we could get into cripling loans or be on mercy of imf . 
  and it paid off . 
  our unemployment according to eurostat is 5,9 % and forecasted to go under 5 % in 2017 . 
  what did you expect and why ? 
  small town 1/2 hour from prague . 
  sometimes i feel bad to live in an area of europe with very low wages , but with only 3,5 % unemployment rate . 
  the only danger i can see in temporary koruna cap and central bank interventions is potential bubble due to too much newly printed cash . 
  short term , it will support domestic spending . 
  long term , it might be unstable . 
  we will see next summer whan the cap is lifted . 
  yeh , it is really ugly sometimes . 
  my friend was left by her long-time partner ( they lived together for years ) when she was in 8th month and not only he refused to be put on birth certificate . 
  she had nowhere to live and had practically no family . 
  she was on bring of collaps and while several of her riends helped her , she had it really hard . 
  some men are ***, 
  in czech republic , if parents are unmaried , father can say he is not the father of the child before the birth . 
  in that case , he wont be written on birth certificate and wont have to pay alimonies . 
  if mother still insist he is the father , she must go to court and sue him . 
  such case takes years . 
  most women wont even start it when they see the father is unwilling to take his part of responsibility . 
  i dont see an euro crisis in my country any time soon . 
  first , we have korunas , and second , czechs are similar to germans in their love to save money . 
  btw , we have a positive current account , but only 1 - 2 % of gdp , so it is not excessive yet . 
  based on my experience ( i live in village all my life ) , czechs outside large cities lead rather quiet , unambitioned life . 
  i dont think we lack opportunities . 
  it is more like we are too lazy to take them . 
  our motto is `` pohoda '' = contentment . 
  people dont strive to reach big success or change the world . 
  most just find some hobby , find a partner , get some 1-2 kids , and go piecefully through their life . 
  unemployment in my county is 3,5 % now , who wants a job will get one .
