  we are a mixed bunch . 
  we have 500.000 foreign citizens living in our country legally and long-term/permanently ( slovaks , ukrainians , russians , vietnamese , balkanites basically ) . 
  we get around 40.000 new immigrants each year . 
  also 250.000 local roma . 
  around 30.000.000 foreign tourists annually . 
  maybe 100.000 illegal gastarbeiters , mostly ukrainians . 
  that is a lot of problematic loans . 
  but isnt italian unemployment decreasing and economic growth picking up ? 
  that should help . 
  wrong answer . 
  all have a rating . 
  we will keep our koruna for a little bit longer , thank you wery much . 
  ( btw , our gdp grows by 4,7 % and our unemployment rate is 4,6 % and falling ) . 
  but our younger twin ( slovakia ) has accepted euro and they are doing very well too . 
  how long must asylum claimants/refugees in germany wait till they can get a job ? 
  ( in czechia , it is 12 months ) . 
  yes . 
  there is only one country created and run by czechs for czechs . 
  my country is such a corrupt shithole still , what an embarassment . 
  even our police cheffs have no real explanation why we experience such improvement in crime rates . 
  but let me try . 
  my personal opinion ( valid for czechia ) is that this has several causes , and they all have linkage to our recent past , namely fall of communism and entry into the eu . 
  demography - we have less youth due to fall of fertility rate . 
  during 1990s , our society made huge leap within just a few years . 
  people have less kids per family , and average age of mother grew from 20 to 30 years , while unwanted children dissapeared . 
  less young people combined with more mature parents and more resources put into upbringing and education means our under-18 deliquency rate decreased by !, 
  within last 10 years . 
  economic growth - quick growth of gdp , fall of poverty and lower unemployment rate has had obvious positive effects . 
  eu - our country got special funds to fight criminality , also money from norway-funds . 
  police force started to use schengen databases , most modern tools ( crime forecasting , massive dna testing ) and gets support from western colleagues who share their experiences . 
  most gangs and large criminal organisations have been broken up . 
  also fight with corruption is in full run . 
  we invest a lot in crime prevention , have hired special staff to handle conflicts with/within roma minority , our laws are getting alternated to discrupt monetization of loot . 
  tldr : young generation is more law obiding , positive economic development and better police force . 
  that little fucker ... on a side note : our more problematic czech gypsy families are moving to the uk ( and belgium ) too . 
  britons must love us all . 
  not only western europe . 
  prague has a lot of problems with romanian gypsies doing pickpocketing etc. 
  this is interesting statistics about foreign suspects in germany being so overproportionally involved in crime . 
  because in czechia it is proportional , non-citizen population is around 5 % ( mostly ukrainians , slovaks , vietnamese and balkanites ) , while foreign crime suspects make 6 % of all . 
  i dont know sources in english . 
  but for czech republic , here are [ police statistics ] ( http://www.policie.cz/clanek/statisticke-prehledy-kriminality-za-rok-2015.aspx ) that show 15 % decrease of crime between years 2015 and 2014 , and 11 % decrease of crime between 2014 and 2013 . 
  slovak police [ publicizes statistics too , ] ( http://www.minv.sk/?statistika-kriminality-v-slovenskej-republike-za-rok-2015 ) , they registered 10 % decrease between years 2015 and 2014 , after a decrease of 9 % between 2014 and 2013 . 
  i dont have statistics for other countries like hungary , romania or baltics , but i guess they might experience similar trends . 
  i dont know if poland is more safe then western europe . 
  but you must pay attention to the year of the statistic , because the situation is changing quickly , in both west and east of europe . 
  fact is , registered crime is quickly decresing in countries like poland , slovakia and the czech republic recently , on average by 10 % each year !, 
  no , the highest wage inequality in the eu have austria and czechia , if i remmember corrently . 
  i would like to know how comes that our embassy is the last one open `` western '' embassy in syria . 
  is it not dangerous for the staff ? 
  especially with those unnecessary anti-islam comments of our president and some other higher-ups recently , it might be the perfect target for radicals . 
  i dont know about other countries , but in czechia , all demostrations are legal . 
  you should just give a short notice to municipal authority about the place , timeframe and purpose , but even if you dont give a prior notice , police cant prohibit you . 
  goverment and police can stop demostration only if there are blatant breaks of our constitution or laws ( violence , incitement for violence or discrimination etc ) and police fails to correct it with persecuting such individuals . 
  in reality , it is extremely rare that a demonstration would be dispersed , mostly when neo-nazis go too overboard , maybe 1-2 times per year . 
  thailand has a lot of problems with theft , gangs and sexual violence . 
  not to mention their muslim minority in the south that is getting more violent each day and organizes terrorist attacks . 
  switzerland has very very low unemployment , around 3 % ( it is lower in german speaking cantons and higher in french speaking ones ) . 
  not only eurozone countries are doing good . 
  i think unemployment rate in my country will fall below germany within 2-3 months . 
  economy is great , salaries grow , people invest in apartments and cars , start families and are overall optimistic . 
  there are some eu-funded useful projects in baltic region ( coast around st.petersburg and kaliningrad ) , like waste treatment facilities or veterinary support ( rabbies vaccination etc. ) . 
  whateverer you might think about putin , these funds are well invested , protect nature/see and wild animals in border regions to eu member states . 
  nairu is a funny variable - czech nairu is highly volatile short-term and also decresing in long trend , according to graph by our central bank . 
  the lower our unemployment rate gets , the lower nairu moves . 
  it is like chasing after a ghost , elusive and unattainable . 
  we get a lot of cheating too , despite tightening the rules several times in recent decade . 
  official estimate is at least 1/3 of `` registered unemployed '' work illegally full-time jobs . 
  i hope that poland wont lower their protection of wolves . 
  not ony because of their own population . 
  it is also important for slovakian wolves , because slovakia still allows extensive hunting quota , and only pressure from both czechia and poland lead to creation of no-wolf-hunt area alongside polish and czech border . 
  how is the forecast for monday ? 
  i have an airticket to izmir through istambul and i hope it wont be cancelled . 
  ratimir hat a little diferent meaning . 
  - mir in slavic personal names means an ability to mitigate/soothe/alleviate / tame something . 
  ratimir = person that has the ability/power to mitigate war . 
  official estimate of illegally working ukrainians in the czech republic is around 100.000 right now while it used to be 200.000 - 250.000 during boom years . 
  those ukrainians that want to live and work here illegaly are already doing so . 
  tourist visa abolition wont change much . 
  if anything , i would hope our work visa could be obtained easier by them , so they can stay here legally , pay taxes and have health insurance . 
  while europe as a whole sees some crisis ( war in ukraine , mass illegal imigration in the west , terorism ) , my country stays sheltered and is entering another boom phase . 
  economy grows rapidly , unemployment is low and falls quickly , real wages grow a lot , crime decreased by two digit percentage , more children born , less suicides , tourism industry booms , car sales are up 20 % and so on . 
  illegals are avoiding my country like plague , terrorism is unheard of here around and russian/ukrainian economy meltdown had negligible impact on us . 
  slovaks already have to deal with their powerfull , corrupt , bigoted and aggresive catholic church . 
  why to add another hardcore religious organisation ? 
  yes , they have sold all their czech pumps already last summer . 
  i guess they need hard cash thus they are selling all expendable assets abroad . 
  when i read your post , i ask myself , why some post-commie countries turned out good , while others lapsed back . 
  a czech and a slovak are in a pub . 
  how can you differenciate who is who ? 
  the czech has 1000 korunas in his pocket while pretending to have only 10 korunas . 
  the slovak has 10 korunas in his pocket but behaves like he would have 1000 . 
  he doesnt come from ethnically homogenous society . 
  prague is pretty cosmopolitan . 
  almost 20 % of people living here have foreign passport , not counting students and tourists . 
  and his gf is from vietnamese minority . 
  he said he disliked the lifestyle and people around him . 
  he then praised prague , how good living here is . 
  ( just for info - 20 % of people in prague have foreign passport . 
  and his gf is vietnamese .
