historical enemy - definitelly germans . 
  it goes back more then one millenium . 
  but we are ok now , i guess . 
  here is a map , outdated ( 2013 ) , but it still can give you an overall feeling . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/lfs it should be noted that most eu countries saw a nice rise of employment rate recently . 
  they are ukrainian citizens of polish ethnicity . 
  czech republic has a relocation plan for ethnic czechs living in dangerous or poor countries too , they dont need to prove they fear for their lives and would not be eligible for asylum otherwise . 
  we help people coming from kasachstan , venezuela , kuba etc. 
  this year , over 1000 ukrainians asked to be relocated in this preferencial way . 
  they get similar support as normal asylum seekers . 
  they get place to live , czech lessons ( if needed ) , clothes , food , pocket money and officials activelly search job oportunities for them . 
  if they are old , they get czech state pension and all other wellfare as long-time citizens would get . 
  becoase their refugee camps are half-empty ? 
  more then 90 % of registered refugees disappear in less then week to go to germany . 
  hungary has no refugees that need to be redistributed thus they dont want any quota . 
  the last crisis hit us hard . 
  but otherwise , our gdp growth is higher , so we are slowly catching up . 
  it is a slow process , but i am optimist . 
  czechoslovakia was rather undamaged , we lost only 3 % of population during wwii . 
  so we decided to ethnic cleans 1/3 million of our citizens afterwards for good measure . 
  there was shortage of food ( no meat , suggar etc. 
  ) , but you wont die because of hunger - our situation was very different to germany or austria , where several ten thousand children died of hunger postwar . 
  russian soldiers were stealing and raping a little , but it was uncomparable with their behaviour in countries like germany , so we cant complain . 
  people had a lot of guns and grievances , so crime and illegal justice were high . 
  ugly war and its crimes also messed many people forever . 
  over 10 % of czechs were sent to germany as slave laborers and some of them ( especially women ) refused to talk about that time later . 
  all in all , our country was in better condition than all of our neighbours post-war . 
  if we wouldnt be so stupid to vote for communists and become part of the eastern bloc , we could be more prosperous then today \u00b4 s austria , i think . 
  france sees growing unemployment and no improvement of its economy in recent years . 
  they might still be doing fine now , but its outlook is worrying . 
  i agree with this . 
  regardless of his/her personal opinion , a police staff at duty must stay neutral and serve to the best of their abilities . 
  what they do in their free time when they wear no uniform is their business . 
  but this is plain wrong , if that picture is correctly labeled . 
  i cant even imagine what would happen if turkey one day just says f * ck you europe and starts supporting all their refugees , immigrants and poor villagers to emigrate towards the eu . 
  our police found and detained 2800 illegal migrants here during this summer . 
  a few mistakes are inevitable . 
  i speak or at least passively understand all languages/dialects of our neighbours . 
  most people are faithfull to their region/country/nation / family/friends and refuse to move abroad , despite huge wage disparities . 
  most czechs will complain about our country , politics , laws , low wages etc. 
  all day long . 
  but then they will refuse to move few kilometers away , over green border to germany or austria , and earn 3x - 4x more doing the same job . 
  because germans/austrians are not one of us . 
  it is not because of hate or disdain , we are not nationalistic , we dont think they are worse people then us . 
  they are just strangers , while we enjoy to live among our kin in our own land . 
  this is too late . 
  germany should have implemented and advertized these changes months if not years ago . 
  now , maybe half of middle east is on the way to europe , because of those stupid `` welcome refugee '' signs and mama merkel . 
  and all those cheated `` refugees '' will get stuck in sourteastern europe . 
  bravo germany !, 
  if you think so ... 
  nonsense . 
  we should join our forces and change the eu to be more like we want it to be . 
  everybody in eastern europe knows that for example hungary hands out its passports freely to every non-eu person who swears it had ethic hungarian grand-grandmother in law , so far almost 1 million of such passports were issued , mostly to ukrainians , balkanites etc. 
  and poland has issued over 1 million multi-year schengen visa to ukrainians since the war began last year . 
  ukrainians know it and hen they want to work in germany etc. , they just need to aks polish consulat . 
  everybody knows about these issues here , you can read about it in local newspapers , and nobody goes ballistic . 
  how many illegals try to cross the outer schengen border of poland annually ? 
  that stat about pupils per primary school teacher is interesting , so low numbers , wow . 
  when i was a child , classes in my grade had 36-39 children per class/teacher . 
  there is a written law that describes how a eu member country can lawfully leave eu . 
  it is easy , but takes more then 1 year so that all other countries can prepaire for it without chaos . 
  no , it was former soviet army camp in the czech republic , not far away from prague ... 
  thank you for that graph . 
  interesting to see that big change in trend after 1980 in hungary . 
  what happened ? 
  meanvile , we had temporary decline after 1994 but now we grow again . 
  i would not , sorry . 
  poland is too big and would dominate in that relationship . 
  hungary used to have more people then us 25 years ago . 
  but it has changed !, 
  while hungarians are emigrating in drowes toward west , czechia is a net immigration land since we gained eu membership . 
  poland issued over 1 million long-term work visa for ukrainians since last spring . 
  i am sorry to hear that we easterners are causing you problems . 
  no china , no turkey . 
  the only ally we trust is the usa . 
  we used to like the uk too , but they are not interested in us anymore . 
  regionally , we have no open quarrel with anybody . 
  we can count on slovakia , most probably poland and romania . 
  but egenerally , we would be on our own and easy pray . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  but we wont align with russia , never ever . 
  despite our alcoholic zeman and whoring ml\u00e1dek . 
  it is a sensitive and important issue for people here , not something you can solve with threatening sanctions . 
  you will make it worse . 
  if you try it , you will slowly destroy the eu . 
  people would rather accept we should leave the eu then the quota . 
  if our goverment agrees , it is their political suicide . 
  the same when slovakia helped greece by lending money due to eu \u00b4 s pressure , their govement fell and they had new elections . 
  i want our country to stay in the eu , you know . 
  some eu members try to blackmail other eu members . 
  people will remmember it for a long time . 
  you are burning goodwill and trust . 
  eu was sold as friendship and cooperation among equal countries . 
  nobody came to be bullied . 
  the whole handling of this crisis is unfortunate . 
  czechs were eurosceptic for a long time , this wont help . 
  i dont want referendum . 
  i like fully open borders with all our neighbours . 
  all that eu needs is a real and protected schengen outer border and very rigid refugee and deportation rules everywhere so that we dont attract so much illegals .
