  otherwise , constitutional court would abolish such a law . 
   polygyny if polygynic marriage should be allowed , then polyandry must be too . 
  equality and all that jazz . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  this is our most problematic region , former stronghold of coal mines and heavy industry . 
  it is former sudeten , but all germans were forced out after wwii . 
  since then , questionable existences from the whole czechoslovakia moved into the empty houses , including a big group of slovak gypsies . 
  since revolution and transformation of our economy to free market , it went downhill there . 
  unemployment , high crime rate , 28 % are under poverty rate , gypsy ghettos , usury , low life expectancy , general resignation and so on . 
  and this type of `` culture '' is prominent even in the local goverment and city councils , there is high level of corruption . 
  it is actually a big shame that the first thing many germans see when they cross the former border and visit the former `` east '' is such a wasteland , peppered by chicks standing on roadsides and vietnamese kiosks selling meth . 
  a good part of the despect eastern parts of the eu get is `` thanks '' to our incompetence to do something with this region . 
  i asked myself recently what future is there for transnistria ? 
  russia cut its financial support and the goverment will get bancrupt soon . 
  ukraine has more then enough problems with eastern war . 
  moldavia is too poor to help transnistria in any way . 
  romania is within eu now und can \u00b4 t get into some annexing spree . 
  could transnitria survive on its own , if russian-backed goverment is kicked out , all surrounding countries get friendly to it , and imf ( + eu ? ), 
  would help financing it for a few years . 
  can transnistria get balanced budget and somehow normal way of life , while independent ? 
  in reality , our most significant item is cars , we export over 1.000.000 annually . 
  glamour porno times are over , a lot has changed within last 5 years . 
  most of bigger production companies got bancrupt . 
  also the paid-sex scene got a major overhaul . 
  russian etc. 
  mafias dissapeared , most s.workers don \u00b4 t have a pimp anymore and are working alone or in small groups , at least according to one interview i have read . 
  i don \u00b4 t think i have ever seen a similar statistic . 
  but i know that 55 % of people sentenced to jail in cz last year already have a previous criminal record . 
  that means we have sizable but rather stable population of `` rotten '' criminals that are either sitting in jail , or continuing their criminal path . 
  the more time they spend arrested means less time they are able to hurt others . 
  i personally don \u00b4 t really believe in corrective power of prisons , but at least they keep associals out . 
  russia is prepairing its citizens mentally for a war . 
  czech ex-president klaus made a similar amnestia here in 2013 . 
  within first 12 months , crime rate rose by 15 % . 
  and within 2 years , almost half of the amnested prisoners is back behind bars . 
  maybe yes , maybe not . 
  i guess percentage of such cases is similar with surrounding countries ? 
  but , huh , you sound pretty bitter . 
  from my very limited personal experience , all r&d money spent within the company i work for and in instutitions cooperating with us ( technical universities , research , automotive industry etc. 
  ) , is spent on real r&d . no white elephants , no frauds , no cheating . 
  actually , past few weeks i have spent by calculating the exact amount for our income tax declaration . 
  all dubious or unclear expenses go out . 
  from many bills and working hours , i automatically deduct a given percentage , to rather undervaluate the total spending . 
  our auditors are pretty strict . 
  so , slovenia and b-estonia are beating us again . 
  what \u00b4 s new ... 
  i think our middle class had some difficulties during the crisis in 2009-2013 , people limited their luxurious spendings and postponed investments . 
  but it changed again in 2014 . 
  now i see apartment blocks being built everywhere , new cars bought , people going for exotic holiday again etc. 
  our gini coeficient was always very low ( only norway and iceland can beat us in europe , i think ) and this coeficient is falling sharply again . 
  latest stats show that average salary incresed by 2,3 % within a year , while median salary increased by 2,6 % !, 
  also our most rural parts ( vyso\u010dina ) saw the highest pay-rise . 
  the inequality is decreasing and middle class is getting bigger . 
  the employment rate increased by 2,3 % within last 12 months and reached a level never seen before since the velvet revolution . 
  new car sales increased by 28 % year on year . 
  if important parts of the eu ( especially germany ) don \u00b4 t crash and burn , our middle class will see a nice boom in the near future , even better then the boom prior 2007 . 
  people are now more willing to settle down , buy a house/flat and get children . 
  doesn \u00b4 t have the uk currently the third lowest unemployment rate within the eu ? 
  and isn \u00b4 t london like the financial/banking centrum that immensely profits from eu membership ? 
  i also envy you because of the mass stream of young educated white easily-assimilated eastern europeans . 
  if some of them would rather come to the czech republic and boost our gdp , i woudn \u00b4 t be mad , our own low birthrate is unsustainable . 
  such sort of immigrantion would be perfect for us . 
  but we can \u00b4 t compete with your wages ... 
  the czech republic has currently the highest share of industry on its gdp from all eu members , slovakia is close second . 
  which might be potentially dangerous - see detroit . 
  bieszczady/poloniny is a beautiful piece of earth . 
  last century \u00b4 s politic decisions removed most of the human population in all three parts ( polish , slovak and ukrainian ) and so now large pieces of land are dominated by wolves , bears and wisents . 
  i don \u00b4 t know if it is feasible , but how about to turn it into a small european yellowstone ? 
  offer remaining inhabitants a voluntary relocation and impose stong rules for nature protection . 
  let forest and animals conquer it all back . 
  with some controlled tourism . 
  because the author apparently thinks we czechs have occupied slovakia . 
  and somehow puts it on the same level as 1968 when a few hundert thousand warszaw-pact soldiers came on tanks . 
  had slovaks felt accupied by czechs ? 
  jews had relativelly neutral perception in our lands since at least second half of 19th century . 
  in pre-wwii-war central europe , bohemia was probably the most jews-friendly country . 
  yet we didn \u00b4 t manage to ensure the survival of `` our '' jews in wwii . 
  then , communistic ( = left-wing ) czechoslovakia was the place where arafat and his group spent a long time ( several years ) , he got his terroristic training at local army bases under best czech instructors and got his weapons and explosives donated by us . 
  it happened on direct soviet order , there was no way to refuse . 
  but it doesn \u00b4 t change anything , a good portion of palestinian terrorismus was caused by cz and a lot of izraeli blood is on our hands . 
  we fell guilty , i guess , for what our communistic goverment has done . 
  this is also an important reason why the ( right-wing ) czech republic is now the most loyal ally of izrael of all european countries . 
  we still have low antisemitism among population and we try to make amends for our past sins . 
  estonia - atheists like us . 
  roma maintain their separate culture and don \u00b4 t assimilate . 
  they don \u00b4 t feel any loyalty to country they happen to live in , only to their own kin . 
  the moment they find a better place to live , their families just move to another country ans so on . 
  they are nomads . 
  they disreagard education , laws , taxes etc. 
  i don \u00b4 t know if they are still indians , but they are not europeans either , by their own view , they call us gad\u017eo ( = white ) and they feel proud when they manage to cheat stupid gad\u017eos . 
  there is also some similarity with us blacks - roma make only around 2-3 % of our country \u00b4 s population , but +50 % of our prison population . 
  afghan illegal refugees use turkey-hungary-slovakia route on their way to nw europe . 
  also - drugs trade . 
  and very important , slovaks are part of the current nato contingent in afghanistan , that leads to regular slovak casualties and also fear of potential terrorism if some nuts would like to take `` revenge '' . 
  i guess slovaks are afraid of the conflict in ukraine because of secondary impacts - possible wave of refugees , increase of crime/infections ( tb , hiv ... ) etc. . a collapsing country on your border is something to be worried about . 
  i personally know several families of czech greeks in prague and surrounding area . 
  most live here for many decades or were born here . 
  very friendly people that i really liked to work with , with good business sense . 
  the only issue was politic - i coudn \u00b4 t discuss it . 
  older males were radical hard-die communists ( with large che portraits in their offices ) , discussion was frustrating , i just gave up .
