  georgian burglars heavily mis-use asylum system in the eu right now . 
  it won \u00b4 t change much after visa-free regime starts . 
  poland is in schengen . 
  colombia is half way around the globe . 
  it filters the number of potential free regime abusers , smugglers etc. 
  ukraine is right at the eu border . 
  yet , all eu countries that directly border ukraine are for visa-free regime . 
  while it is blocked by western europe like netherlands which are scared . 
  yeah , i know . 
  considering the fact that cca 150.000 czechs in cz work illegally right now ( not paying tax and health insurance , while collecting welfare ) , and a good number of czechs work illegally abroad ( us , canada , australia ... ) , i don \u00b4 t feel inclination to blame ukrainians for doing the same . 
  the whole situation comes from very low number of work visas issued by czech embassies , wage disparity between our two countries and labour shortage in cz . 
  our companies need people but can \u00b4 t find them . 
  while ukrainains would like to wok here legally , but can \u00b4 t get permits . 
  add greedy unscrupulous czech firms and ukrainain + czech mafia and you get the current picture . 
  czech state doesn \u00b4 t get its taxes , illegal workers work without health insurance or pension and mafia is getting richer each day . 
  uhm , not really . 
  it is expected that visa-free regime would multiply the number of illegally working ukrainians in cz at least 2-3 times ( very rought estimate ) . 
  czech goverment thinks that such consequence is still acceptable , and pros from visa-free regime with ukraine outweight cons in the long term . 
  i agree with anarchisto , it is all about numbers . 
  czech republic has ( according to estimates ) at least 100.000 illegally employed ukrainians right now . 
  georgians make negliable number compared to them . 
  on the other hand , czech goverment fully supports visa-free regime for ukrainians . 
  we are not blocking it in any way . 
  edit : just to clarify . 
  i personally support visa-free regime for ukraine . 
  while majority of czechs is probably neutral on this issue , doesn \u00b4 t care either way . 
  it \u00b4 s some western eu countries that oppose it . 
  even within ex socialist sphere , there were better and worse cases . 
  czechoslovakia and slovenia came out with almost no scars . 
  while former ussr , romania and war-damaged parts of yugoslavia had the longest and brutalest crisis . 
  commie czechoslovakia ( as soviet union proxy ) had training camps for terrorists since 1960s , even one dedicated university institution for higher-end members ( leaders , bodyguards , intel guys ) , supplied guns and explosives etc. 
  most notable was its activity in palestine ( arafat ) , asia and africa ( here before 1968 mostly ) . 
  but it systematically aided also raf members or carlos . 
  great moravia was indeed promoted in school curiculum during czechoslovakian times , to show czechs and slovaks like two parts of the same people , devided for 1000 years by vile outside forces untill we returned into our `` natural state '' . 
  works similar to grounding myths of medieval kingdoms . 
  but , basically it shows approximatelly western slavs ( without polish lands ) right before magyar invasion . 
  real extend of moravia is still unclear because of almost nonexistent literal sources and hard-to-evaluate archeological finds outside its core area . 
  most numerous refugees/asylum applicants in the czech republic are ukrainians , cubans and chinese . 
  we are not popular among middle east/african folks . 
  there are labor shortages in some eu countries and occupations . 
  my very simplified calculation points at 1,62 trf for year 2016 ( official number will be out in a few months ) . 
  due to growing wages , cheap mortages , massive investment into state-owned kindergartens and low unemployment , i think our trf will rise substantially in next years . 
  far away from 1,1-1 ,2 during transformation . 
  latest available figures show that we ( czechia ) had fertility rate above 1,6 last year . 
  so , our fertility is growing !, 
  hre was not shitty , at least not the last century . 
  most czechs would never dream about independence before start of wwi . 
  we wanted more minority rights . 
  but most people could clearly see how our standart of living rapidly increased , our scientific and cultural achievments , societal progress , while being integral part of hre . 
  belle \u00c9poque is still dearly remmembered . 
  that was my first idea too , actually . 
  because i dont believe so many people believe in god in germany , austria or hungary or in my country , based on my personal experience . 
  i am czech and when i was attending primary school in my village , only 1 child among ca 75 kids of same age believed in god . 
  so i am a bit sceptical about this survey . 
  i am czech . 
  we have free education too . 
  i understand that some people obtain completely useless degrees . 
  but , unemployment of people with tertiary education is almost unheard of in cz . 
  even during the peak of last crisis , or during our deep post-commie recession in 1990s , it was never higher than 3 % . 
  degree has high societal status here . 
  you will be the last person kicked out of any company when everything goes south . 
  on the other hand , to have a degree and be long-time unemployed is huge stigma . 
  your family and friends will look down at you , pressure you , belittle you , it will get unbearable and you will accept any available job , just to escape such situation . 
  czech society is conformist , a little bit like japan . 
  you have an expected role you have to fullfill and if you stray away and `` create problems '' , society will remind you . 
  btw i still think that spanish and portugese problems of `` too high qualification '' will largerly dissapear when their economy booms again . 
  but now i see their problem from your pow too , that i was not fully aware of before . 
  so , thanks for it . 
  the question was - do you believe in existence of a god ? 
  the survey is 7 years old through , so reality might be different now . 
  i personally don \u00b4 t think it is about overqualification in countries like portugal or spain . 
  their economy is simply still in crisis , and unemployment rate is high for everybody . 
  look here at eurostat numbers . 
  spain , portugal , greece , cyprus and croatia are affected . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:unemployment_rates_ ( among_persons_aged_25-64_years ) _ by_level_of_educational_attainment , _ 2015 _ ( % 25 ) . png, 
  which european countries have overqualification problem ? 
  eu supports regional culture a lot . 
  you are wrong . 
  hijab is cultural and undergoes strong fashion trends . 
  muslim albanians , turks in bulgaria or lipka tatars don \u00b4 t weas scarves . 
  also most muslim women in indonesia/malajsia/iran / turkey didn \u00b4 t use to wear anything , scarf or hijab is very recent trend there ( few decades ) . 
  on the other hand , just 100-150 years ago absolute majority of wed christian women in moravia/bohemia/slovakia ( eastern europe ) were wearing scarf or bonnet . 
  it was impossible ( in rural parts ) to leave house after marriage without it , you would be shamed and ridiculed . 
  nowadays , scarves are worn only locally during special occasions , look for example here : https://ohlednuti.uh.cz/autor/richard-horak, 
  czech republic 1 . 
  anyone with czech citizenship or permanent residence . 
  up to 12 weeks . 
  abortion of foetus older than 12 weeks can happen only due to heavy medical problems of mother or child and can be decided only by doctors . 
  woman pays it all . 
  insurance pays only for abortion decided by a doctor . 
  absolute majority of czech abortions happen before 8th week , because the procedure is friendlier to woman \u00b4 s health if done so early . 
  police has officially not announced any info about the children , their names or anything , because suspected minors are strongly protected in czech law . 
  also serious czech newspapers never mentioned their ethnicity . 
  but , the zoologist at the zoo , in his facebook post directly after the crime , posted pic of dead flamingo and hinted at roma ethnicity of the children . 
  he said it was not first time roma children/youth broke into the zoo and created issues . 
  jihlava is small town where everybody knows everybody and no info can be kept secret . 
  the 3 children come from large families , all living in one block of flats in `` gypsy locality '' , few streets away from the zoo . 
  their families , especially older siblings , are well known to local police and social protection office , due to their problems ( school avoidance , street crime ... ) . 
  also , czech roma organization critized anti-roma sentiment seen in comments under news articles , while indirectly accepting the children were indeed roma . 
  actually , it looks like the eu ( as a whole ) has significantly less inequality that the us .
