  we are shitty to them , but we treat them equally to czechs . 
  no discrimination . 
  how about macedonia ? 
  they need to close their borders first - and they will need a lot of outside help , because they dont have enough resources for this . 
  spanish gdp is growing nicely , industrial production is growing , employment is finally growing too . 
  it just needs more time . 
  improvements dont come overnight . 
  this is idiotic . 
  we must stop this immigration at turkish/greek/bulgarian border . 
  zeman is an embarassment , a russian puppet that we gladly voted in . 
  shame on us czechs . 
  regarding treatment of refugees , there are certainly things that we can do better . 
  we still dont have enough facilities , translators , finances and experience with mass illegal immigration . 
  if we treat the illegal migrants , that refuse to ask for asylum in our country , rather harsh , we will be critized . 
  but it works to deter them and they will use austria to go to germany instead of our country . 
  we woul be a dirty doormat for them anyway , none wants to stay here . 
  if we would treat them in velvet gloves , we will get pat on our shoulder . 
  but at the same time , germany will get upset that we allow them to pass to them and close our western border . 
  our small economy is very export-oriented and we cant afford closed borders with germany . 
  this situation has no nice solution . 
  correct . 
  when you go bancrupt , you basically tell your creditors they can f * ck off . 
  most vietnamese in czechia still havent obtained czech citizenship , this goes also for their children born here . 
  our country is very restrictive about who can get it . 
  majority of those vietnamese drug producers and dealers can be deported , if we manage to sign a deal with vietnam . 
  here , germany has more leverage to push for such a deal on our behalf . 
  i still dont understand why we dont issue more work visa for ukrainians . 
  we need more workforce . 
  while hardworking ukrainians need jobs and are willing to come here . 
  match made in heaven . 
  and ? 
  if i wanted to go to canada and on my way there went through the usa illegally without visa , what do you think would happen ? 
  would i not be detained and deported ? 
  we dont do whatever we want . 
  there are valid czech laws that must be obeyed . 
  if there are shortcommings , our state should do its best to correct them . 
  acute shortage of translators is understandable . 
  there are very few licensed translators for mena languages in our country and nobody wants to work for immigration office ( shitty pay , far away places , danger ) . 
  shortage of some basic neccessities is not nice , but when you get unannounced hundert people in one night , it can happen on the first day . 
  also , under-financed asylum centers is pretty normal occurence . 
  they get a room , food , clothes , tv and some other neccessities . 
  but no luxuries . 
  lack of hygiene is their own fault , many of them refuse to clean their own places . 
  and all those that refuse to ask for asylum are deported within 7 days . 
  only those that should under dublin be deported to hungary and greece stay for 40 days . 
  because both countries refuse to accept them back . 
  not our fault . 
  btw , those illegals that ask for asylum in our country are not detained and deported . 
  they are placed in centers where they can come and leave any moment . 
  they get help with education , job , flat and integration . 
  sorry , but that is probably bullshit . 
  it had nothing to do with leftism or whatever . 
  i speak german ( with heavy accent ) and if i should judge them they were rather right leaning if anything ( btw all my bad experience was with men , why are german men so nasty and hatefull ? 
  as a czech woman , i have met xenophoby/disrespect/insults from western europeans ( germans ) on several occasions , based only on my nationality . 
  without provocation or warning . 
  i never reacted , just silently turned away . 
  i understand that not all germans are the same and dont hold grudges . 
  their political correctness is apparently only valid when it comes to non-europeans . 
  `` when we were in the camp , we hated the czech republic , '' if you hate us so much , then please dont break our laws . 
  obtain visa through czech embassy in syria - it is open and working . 
  then you woudnt be detained and deported . 
  when i want to visit russia , china or the usa , i need visa too . 
  i have no idea why his campaign was soccessfull , russian money is not good enough explanation . 
  he is an idiot , but so many czechs voted for him . 
  there are engaged groups that maintain `` pure '' traditional music , dance and old habits , especially in southern moravia . 
  but only a tiny percentage of our population takes part in it . 
  local traditions evolve with time , some vanish , some stay popular among general population . 
  like meeting of whole village around huge fire on mountaintop on `` witch-burning night '' , egg-painting and woman-whipping on easter monday or masked groups on st.nicolaus day . 
  all of these traditions are still very vivid in my town near prague . 
  considering music , the most economically successfull local music band of last decade is \u010cechomor , they mostly play centuries old folk songs in new arrangements . 
  their concerts are packed . 
  it is ** u-6 ** unemployment rate !, 
  [ read it !, 
  $ 3k + / month netto as an entry salary ? 
  sorry , this country is not for you . 
  we already do it , albait on small scale . 
  woman that forgives cheating ? 
  haha . 
  good luck to find any . 
  for me and most of my friends that is unforgivable and such man would be kicked out . 
  we are probably worse then slovakia , but even here the divorce rate is only 45-50 % , at least according to official statistics . 
  i have no idea why we are pictured as 66 % , that is not true . 
  what field have you studied ? 
  what yay ? 
  do you know what a pain in the a ** it is to find technically educated job applicant at prague ? 
  engineers are rare like unicorns nowadays . 
  but also vacant jobs for secondary level educated stay open for months , without a single decent cv . 
  this is something i dont understand . 
  graduates speak foreign languages so they shouldnt have much problems to move to another eu country to get a job . 
  why do they stay ? 
  actually , i think there are such people . 
  i ve read a survey some time ago , that among czech teenagers , it is more accepted by peers to be gay then to be religious . 
  so most kids who believe in god stay silent about it , in order not to be ostracized/been made fun . 
  i think it depends on location , some got it better or worse . 
  my fathers family comes from an ethnic moravian village in northern hungary , near danube . 
  it is a very diverse region with german , italian , polish , serbian , czech etc. 
  villages . 
  when ottomans/turks conquered the land , there was ressistence from the original inhabitants ( slovaks and hungarians i guess ) . 
  turks got fed up and after killing most men in fights , they started to hunt and kill females and children and burn down villages . 
  all remaining inhabitants from many villages in that area ran into near wooded mountains and hid in cave system .
