  slovakia is originally very rural area . 
  slovaks are 70 % religious , their catholic church is rabidly anti-gay . 
  czechs are more city dwelling , with long industrial and left-leaning tradition . 
  only 16 % believe in god . 
  and even our religious people are usually pretty mellow in their opinions . 
  your map is a bit outdated . 
  in year 2016 , we had 50800 marriages and 25000 divorces . 
  our divorce rate is decreasing in recent years . 
  ( and our birthrate is growing nicely . ), 
  more than 50 % of czech children are born to married parents . 
  and ca 50 % of marriages is never divorced . 
  czechs usually don \u00b4 t become parents without living together for +5 years . 
  that means people think that children are lifelong commitment and want to be sure they decided good mit whoom to have children . 
  even if parents later part their ways ( not because of boredom !, 
  but usually after many months of endless quarreling ) , they still remain biological parents and will take over their child every second weekend with them . 
  the model of family might be different than in poland . 
  but bonds between related people stay strong . 
  please , don \u00b4 t apply your experience from russia on other slavic countries so easily . 
  yes , many slavic countries are homophobic . 
  why ? 
  because of iron curtain that separated eastern europe from rest of the world during and after 1960s . 
  when western europe and usa was experiencing sexual revolution and huge cultural changes , we were experiencing soviet domination , censura and isolationalism . 
  people easily forget that till 1950s , western world used to be rabidly homophobic . 
  only 1960s with hippies and all that circus made a difference and changed west forever . 
  czechoslovakia was partially lucky because it experienced a sort of relaxation of soviet grip for a short time in 1960s . 
  we had prague spring and more culture exchange with the west , czech new wave got famous etc. 
  it got destroyed in august 1968 by soviet invasion . 
  but those few years before 1968 were very important and shaped the view of our youngest generation positivelly towards lgtb . 
  czech republic retained this relaxed view and newer generations are increasingly more lgtb friendly . 
  slovakia on the other hand decided to turn catholic after 1989 . 
  slovak catholic church is rabidly homophobic and it slowly rubbs off on people . 
  for czechs - family is the most important thing . 
  look at any opinion suvvey done here over the years . 
  italy has insanelly high youth unemployment rate , over 40 % . 
  more children won \u00b4 t solve it . 
  while i agree with you on principle that many eastern eu countries are hemoraging people to the west , it is not the reason for labor shortage in czechia . 
  we have positive net migration of ca 25.000 per year . 
  our population is growing , both by immigration and increased number of births , ever since we entered the eu . 
  czech republic is currently enjoying the lowest suicide rate ever seen in this land since 19th century ( and there are no reliable data before it ) . 
  the moment illegal immigrants from other part of the world get more money thanks to benefits from eu than local eu citizens living in that country earn on average , you will have uprising . 
  can you imagine what for life awaits these refugees that will be placed into some town in eastern eu , where +95 % locals don \u00b4 t want them there ? 
  wrong . 
  we ( cz ) accepted asylum seekers . 
  they run to germany . 
  germany gave them asylum status , despite our country asking germany to deport them back to cz . 
  zeman \u00b4 s main adviser and head of his election team is ceo of local lukoil company . 
  it means zeman won because of russian money and russia leads his career now . 
  austria used to have bad longevity due to hardships of wwii and the aftermath . 
  in 1946 , czechoslovakia was sending them trains with aid - to help with the hunger there that claimed a lot of their children . 
  because czechoslovakia got almost no damage during wwii , while austria was a broken burned down country that suffered huge population loss and reached famine locally . 
  in 1989 , after 40 years of commie dictature in cs , austria was so much more weathier and with so much better healtcare than us . 
  it was painful to visit that land after borders were finally opened to us , and see how good they live and how poor and desolate we are . 
  my maternal grandparents died both not long after their 50th birthdays . 
  both their illnesses would be probably successfully cured if we only lived in austria or germany . 
  instead , they were let to die slowly within months . 
  doctors even lied to my parents and the pacient about the cause of the illness ( we found out by chance later because other family member , a cleaning help in hospital , was able to get the info ) . 
  i also remmember my paternal granddad , who got chronic deseases in early 1990s and i visited him also often . 
  i could see how rapidly the quality and equipment and cure etc was improving in our local hospital after the revolution . 
  i don \u00b4 t know why you acuse me of propaganda . 
  what is wrong with calling them commies ? 
  one of my grand-granddad was almost killed by soviets in 1956 hungary , they tried to hung him , then he tried to flee to the west , was unsuccessfull and eventually settled in czechoslovakia ( to suffer another invasion of soviets tanks in 1968 , how ironic ) . 
  my other grand-grandparents were considered kulaks , their farm and land got stolen by commies , he didn \u00b4 t survive it and my grandgrandmother was forcefully removed from the farm . 
  she had to live in small rotting building together with her 11 children . 
  whole rest of her life , she worked hard as lowliest agriculture helping hand in dru\u017estvo ( = kolchoz ) barely feeding her children . 
  when i visited her in late 1980s , she still had no running water or sewage in that house . 
  because her man used to be landowner ( nothing big , some 15 hectares or so ) , commies considered him `` enemy of people '' . 
  all his children and grandchildren were prohibited to ever enter university or other higher education or get any good career . 
  i could continue to explain for example the m\u011bnov\u00e1 reforma of 1953 . 
  commies decided that all czechockovakian koruna ( currency ) will lose their value 100x overnight . 
  people lost everything . 
  they also confiscated all pensions , bank accounts , bank deposits etc. 
  of all citizens overnight . 
  or cangaroo courts of 1950s , political processes that ended with executions of innocent people . 
  concentration and work camps for ten thousands of political oponents . 
  or i could explain to you that i took part in compulsory summer children camps organized by company where my parents worked , ever since i turned 6 . 
  they were specialized in military training in enemy \u00b4 s area , behind front . 
  i was trained in `` war games '' , survive in nature , long tracks , in using grenates . 
  with 7 , i won my first girl competition there in shooting , in woods with long guns on moving targets shaped as people . 
  camps also included heavy propaganda indoctrination , who are our enemies and who are friends ... all that political commie bullshit , several hours a days , for weeks . 
  i got it all and i believed it all . 
  i lived for the victory of the commie party , i loves russia and hated western imperialists . 
  my parents pretty much resigned on anything , they just wanted survive , so they let me be ignorant/innocent , never telling me about stories of my family . 
  only after 1989 , i started to get the pieces of info and slowly put them together . 
  our extended family got their old lands , houses in prague etc. 
  back in 1990s . 
  but it could never erase injustices and loss of lives . 
  never again . 
  you don \u00b4 t even need mountains . 
  continental weather brings big swings between night and day . 
  i live in lowlands near prague and i had to scratch ice from my car today morning . 
  if a valley gets stuck with low clouds that block sun , air stays cold during the day . 
  your view is wrong . 
  the life expectancy in czechoslovakia and austria used to be almost the same before and during wwii . 
  one decade after commies took over in 1948 , our life expectancy started to decline/stall . 
  while in austria and most other west european countries it continued to increase nicely . 
  we were robbed in daylight of our lives . 
  look at this http://statinfo.biz/html/m255f7616a2026l2.aspx when commies consolidated their power in 1950s and our lives went to hell . 
  i know how healthcare during 1980 was , i lived though it , my two grandparents spent long time in hospitals and eventually died , and i spent a lot of my time with them . 
  i saw how the system was , what equipment etc. 
  was available , what shitty attitude doctors had .
