  edit : i work for a company that exports mainly to germany and china , and it \u00b4 s 100 % owned by czech people . 
  devaluation of czech koruna means doubling of profit after taxes , higher number of employees and exceptionally high bonuses for most full-timers . 
  and since devaluation , we cut some imported goods and found local suppliers instead , supporting indirectly local employment even more . 
  right now , the czech republic has highest level of employment ever since velvet revolution , read statistics . 
  the trade-off was worth it . 
  i think this is exactly what is happening now . 
  countries are waiting how ez will handle the current mess . 
  i think , grexit followed with more accent on enforcing the rules within ez , would increase willingness to join . 
  for tsipras and probably more then 50 % of greek parliament , this new bailout is lesser evil then grexit , apparently . 
  you see it as death . 
  they see it as better of all remaining options . 
  just for your info , our czech fm is vehemently for grexit and even today he voiced his dissapointment about a new deal . 
  he thinks greece has no place in ez . 
  because he is an important politician and part of his job is diplomacy , profesionality and courtesy . 
  he said what probably 95 % of czechs think . 
  but he still has no right to say it in this way because of his position . 
  he fully deserves critique for his behaviour . 
  death of your country ? 
  what are you smoking ? 
  greece can leave any negotiations at this very moment . 
  eu already offered a managed grexit , without leaving eu . 
  greece can leave , without backlash from other countries . 
  what more do you want ? 
  to be honest , i have no idea what syriza really wants to do with greece . 
  they look like amateurs that by luck landed an important job , yet they have no idea how to handle anything . 
  he is referencing arab spring , i guess at first , good intentions ( democracy , end to old corrupt authorities ) of rioting young unemployed males . 
  but because of immaturity it causes an economic meltdown , emigration wave and some idiotic regime to prevail ( like islamism , or wannabe-communism in this case ) . 
  he sees greeks as teenagers that cant think about all consequences of thier own actions , imho . 
  greece is free to leave eurozone . 
  nobody is stopping them . 
  it is the eu that bailed out greece two times already , otherwise greece would be bankrupt and its people without basic things like pensions , wages for teachers and policemen . 
  shortage of food and medicine , riots . 
  if greeks dont want the eu \u00b4 s help anymore , it is easy . 
  just return all the money . 
  yeh , sorry , i always forget about balkan . 
  my bad . 
  russia has the highest portion of muslims of all european countries ( close to 15 % ) . 
  whatever currency germany will chose , denmark will peg their krone to . 
  they do so for over 30 years already . 
  all countries on german orbit ( denmark etc. ), 
  will follow germany out of euro at the same moment . 
  and peg their currencies to d mark . 
  this is indeed strange , because in my country , girls/women are much more supportive then men towards gay rights , in all survays . 
  if return to drachma would help them , then they should do it and stay so . 
  with drachmas , they can have large deficits and just inflate away their internal debts to greek citizens by printing more banknotes . 
  german bond yield will increase . 
  nobody can prohibit greece to have referendum . 
  not in 2010 , not now . 
  greece asked for help and loans . 
  eu helped and loaned money . 
  ah , ok . then you have to wait few months more . 
  gdp growth takes time to appear in declining unemployment rates . 
  for example , czech gdp started to grow in second half of 2013 , but our unemployment rate reached its highest level only in february 2014 ( 8,63 % ) . 
  currently , our unemployment is 6,17 % and projected to fall to 5,5 % next year . 
  it takes time . 
  you are wrong . 
  eu is fair , supportive and patient with greece . 
  it breaks even its own rules that prohibit financing one country by fiscal transfers . 
  and with ela still functioning , ecb is probably in breach of its own rules . 
  all , just to help greece . 
  milk quotas were cancelled few weeks ago . 
  fishery policy was implemented to protect fish from overfishing and collaps of future catches . 
  it is very important investment into our future . 
  but i agree that there are many wrong policies in eu subsidies . 
  they are destroying czech nature too . 
  free movement of greek citizens in other eu countries . 
  common market and tax on imports/exports . 
  agriculture subsidies and structural funds . 
  if one day eu wants to play dirty , there is enough of it . 
  i have big faith in your youngsters . 
  please do n't spoil it for me . 
  the only thing ez is doing now is calculating , how much must greece change itself to get balanced budget and prevent bancrupcy . 
  and if it will find out austerity would be harsher then bancrupcy for average greeks , they will refuse this bailout plan . 
  if greek politicians would not be totaly useless , then greece woud n't need an outside intervention to help them out with housework . 
  each day banks stay closed , greek gdp probably falls by 0,10 - 0,25 % . 
  and so cuts and reforms must be harsher every day , to compensate this loss in collectable taxes . 
  if greeks want to vote fascists as their goverment , they can . 
  they have democracy and suvereignity . 
  but they must also see that other countries might refuse to be in union with a fascist state . 
  necessity to discuss plan proposals with inept communists is already making it hard for everybody . 
  something like infection ? 
  talking with a gay - 2 % risk to get infected . 
  shaking a hand with a gay - 30 % risk to get infected . 
  having gay parent - 99 % risk to get infected . 
  `` at any costs '' sorry , but i ca n't accept this . 
  there are 500 mln people in eu countries . 
  you ca n't sacrifice them because 10 mln greeks ca n't manage their state finances . 
  there are indeed similarities in return to conservatism and uncritical `` christian values '' in 90s after the collaps of communism in both lands . 
  but poland is slowly getting better . 
  polish youth is very different from their parents , most of them do n't differ much in their opinions from their western counterparts . 
  i would like to see their solution to this one . 
  gay men are sometimes called 4 % - minority . 
  if they want to `` eliminate '' them , they must kill circa 4 % of their own male children , in each generation . 
  we all know where such path leads . 
  sorry , what do you mean with 1 % ? 
  i know that `` 4 % man '' means gay . 
  but 1 % ? 
  my best guess is - they will come back to ask for more loans in less then 12 months . 
  those are good news . 
  continue the good job , spaniards !,
