  but still , i can see why people might be reluctant to allow reintroduction . 
  never !, 
  the problem is in numbers and democracy . 
  in a joint country , there would be 10 mln czechs , 4,5 mln slovaks , 0,5 mln hungarians and soon 1 mln gypsies . 
  unless we steal some silesian or ruthenian soil again , czechs would always dominate in popular voting . 
  i can see why slovaks wouldnt want to form czechoslovakia again ... 
  czechoslovakia was not a bad country and the differences between character of both nations are small , me myself is a product of a cooperation , hi . 
  and if german minority had not been radicalised by great crisis and hitler , we could still be a functioning multi-national state . 
  old czechslovakia ( in 1921 ) had 7 mln czechs , 2 mln slovaks , 3 mln germans , 1 mln hungarians , 0,5 mln ruthenians and some other sizible minorities like polish 0,25 mln and jews . 
  thats true , it wont solve their problems . 
  actually , i mull over if very relaxed ( send a form , show your diploma and pay a small fee ) work visa for ukrainians would be a good or bad thing . 
  it would erase much of the abuse illegal workers go through and increase collection of taxes . 
  but i am afraid how much ukrainians would come . 
  our country goes into economic boom and there will be many new jobs in construction etc. 
  how many can we absorb without creating a problem ? 
  i wish we would be united once again . 
  for nostalgia reasons mostly . 
  i have relatives in both countries and feel czechoslovakian . 
  also , security is in numbers . 
  together , we would have more power within the eu . 
  but i really dont know if slovaks would agree to lose part of their suvereignity ... 
  here in czechia we have both sorts . 
  some ukrainians go back , some sort their papers and get permanent visa , assimilate and later get citizenship . 
  i myself have no problem with legal ukrainian workers they make construction work cheaper , and we have lack workforce . 
  problematic are illegal ones . 
  because they are very often abused and live like slaves , often robbed by their boses , their passports taken away etc. 
  how about this [ article ? 
  our goverment tried to keep it low , they havent informed the people at all . 
  and with our luck , it was actually raining that day so we have got radiation soaked into soil . 
  even today , high percentage of wild boars reach radioactive levels that are above health limits ( they eat mushrooms that concentrate the radioactivity from soil ) . 
  so their meat must be tested before consumption . 
  czech goverment wont agree 100 % . 
  the general attitude here is strongly anti-refugee from muslim and african countries . 
  any party that would agree would commit an instant political suicide . 
  current legal work immigrants ( cca 500.000 from ukraine , vietnam , mongolia , kasachstan , balkan ) are tolerated . 
  but this balance might break with strong influx of problematic refugees . 
  this seems not right . 
  i work in praha and office job openings get bombarded with dozens of cvs ( while technical skilled/engineer jobs are open for months without a single suitable applicant ) . 
  the rate must be higher then just 2,5 % . 
  i would have never guessed that prague would be the eu region with the lowest unemployment rate in 2014 . 
  i mean yes , we have a rather low rate . 
  but the lowest ? 
  my sentence was missing a / s , because it was meant as a joke . 
  it is actually a running joke here since a few years ago , when wealthy russians started to buy property in karlovy vary en masse , and turned its centrum into a mostly russian town , where signs , restaurant menues and services are mostly just in russian and we czechs feel there foreign . 
  we regularly joke that one day they will send an invitation letter home so that their goverment would come to `` free them from our oppression '' . 
  you know like our german minority officially asked hitler to `` save '' them in 1938 and he used it as casus belli and really came to annex us . 
  and later in 1968 , our commie party stagged an invitation letter to moscow , to `` save '' our country , and then this letter again became casus belli for a half a million waszawa pact soldiers with 6900 tanks coming to occupate , killing few hunderd and causing +250.000 exodus to austria and west germany ( 2,5 % of our population escaped over [ iron border that looked like this ] ( http://www.kdphotosite.net/gallery2/main.php?g2_itemid=206 ) . 
  and later , when slovakia decided to split the czechoslovakia , we czechs had another running joke , that we agree to it just to have one additional border between us and russia . 
  i dont expect russia to attack us in near future , nobody takes such a threat seriously here . 
  but i would also not held for possible the eastern ukrainian war if somebody would ask me two years ago . 
  i thouth it is not possible in europe nymore , where all countries became friendly to each other , minus some insignifact loudmouths . 
  thank you a lot for that article . 
  fascinating . 
  here is a link to the latest official info on immigration in 2014 . 
  exactly 4862 russians immigrated . 
  [ czech statistical office ] ( https://www.czso.cz/documents/10180/20555777/13006214q463.pdf/9fdc539e-644d-45eb-b35d-18e1fc0d7062?version=1.1 ) during the local boom in around years 2007-2008 , we used to get +5000 russian annually . 
  it went down with the crisis , but has started to climb up again since spring last year . 
  in 2015 , i expect + - 10.000 . 
  please forget the census in 2011 , many people ignored it or filled wrong/missing info . 
  it is based on anecdotal evidence , both mine and mine friends . 
  the russians living in and around prague i got to know like to keep to themselves . 
  they either work for/or own a local russian firm or have unclear source of income ( for us ) . 
  they like to buy apartments where already other russians live , and create `` enclaves '' . 
  there are several firms that specialize in providing services/help with local beuracracy , all in russian language for their clients . 
  they spend free time mostly with other russians , are reading russian news , their children don \u00b4 t mix much with local kids . 
  the pair i know sends children into english-speaking school for foreigners . 
  all but one person never bothered to learn czech . 
  they segregate themselves . 
  i dont know if you accept such a source . 
  we get thousands of russian immigrants annually too . 
  unfortunatelly , many/most refuse to learn the language and assimilate . 
  i just hope they wont need a `` rescue '' from their mother russia few years down the way . 
  i think that ethical decisions should be based on what makes less harm in the long term , not on theological teaching of one or another religion . 
  an example : the former communist czechoslovakia first passed an abortion law that required the pregnant woman to go in front of an commision and explain in detail her reason why she asks for abortion , what are her circumstances , how she got pregnant and so on , very humilitating for the woman . 
  and the commision then decided if she is allowed to abort or not . 
  then two or three decades later nationwide study was done that compared the life of children born from unwanted pregnancies where mother was denied the right for abortion because a commision decided so . 
  the result was worriyng - unwanted kids had much lower success in school , more mental problems and high probability to land in jail for crime later . 
  based on this study , abortion commisions were abolished and every woman has a right for an abortion based only on her wish since then ( mostly within first 8 weeks ) . 
  funny fact - the czech republic has now the highest birth rate compared to all its neighboring countries , despite the most relaxed abortion law of them all . 
  i dont know where you can find estimates about rejected embryos . 
  i used to have a colleague who sort of became an expert on such things and statistics , i know from her . 
  she wished to have a child , but went only through several spontaneus aborts before 30 , and was mentally really down because of it , so had to go through long treatment because of both hormonal inbalances and depressions . 
  she succeeded at the end , only for her long-term boyfriend and father of her child to leave her shortly before the birth for another woman . 
  she was left without means , family or place to stay , while being in high-risk sort of pregnancy . 
  so we helped her , also the company went out of its way to help her a lot . 
  she had to return to her job shortly after the birth , ger side-jobs and still manage a baby alone , while trying to pay old debts and childcare . 
  after really really hard first 4-5 years ( she was close to collapsing ) , she managed it all at the end and now has an own flat , good job and a son in elementary school . 
  around 30 % of pregnancies detected by doctors at around 5th - 6th week end later with spontaneus abortions , because womans body simply rejects the developing foetus . 
  how many nested eggs and early embryos are refused by the body before a pregnancy is even officially detected - is estimated very high , maybe 70 % on average . 
  nature is very wastefull with egg cells and embryos . 
  the life of adult female and the investment of the mother into her offpring is very high in higher mammals , while egg cells can be produced every few weeks . 
  so at every sign of irregularity , disbalance , deformity , lack of nutrients etc. , the female body will react at its own will and just discontinue the pregnancy , and start anew during the next cycle . 
  i was born in czechoslovakia and i wish we would be together again . 
  i think slightly more then 50 % of czechs would agree with reunification ( based on people around me ) . 
  but nobody really cares or talks about it . 
  if slovakia decides one day it wants into federation again , czechs wont disagree . 
  but we wont push for it either . 
  czech president is the sole person responsible for choosing our central bankers . 
  dont forget . 
  while gererally speaking our president has mostly ceremonial role , he still has some decisive power .
