  why does the uk want to limit net migration to only 100.000 ? 
  around 300.000 looks reasonable for such a big and populous country . 
  the czech republic got 62.000 new foreigner workers last year ( this is net amount ) and we don \u00b4 t feel strong about it . 
  while we are only 10 million-people homogenous country . 
  immigration of eu people is ok anyway . 
  good - our economy is growing nicely , we have current account surplus , lowest unemployment in the eu and now even balanced budget . 
  bad - we got balanced budget only due to combination of very good economy and failed investment plans . 
  we have worsening demographic trend , percentage of old people in population grows . 
  our goverment started binge-spending before election year to bribe voters . 
  ergo , we need some sort of law that will bind our goverment to have balanced budget in long term ( small deficit during crisis and small surplus in boom years ) . 
  we should get inspiration from switzerland i think . 
  italy is favourite summer family holiday place , people spend 1-3 weeks there . 
  in cz , foreigners mostly just visit prague and spend only 2-3 days on average . 
  practically all people involved in armed robberies start as small streets criminals in youth gangs ( or they are ex-army guys ) . 
  later on , they `` upgrade '' , get guns and look for fatter targets . 
  france should do something with their street criminality . 
  the ottoman state was financially and politically in ruins before wwi . 
  millet system was evil . 
  your comment is spot on . 
  europeans are unwillig to move for jobs . 
  czechia is very good example of this . 
  we have high structural unemployment in some towns like ostrava , karvina , usti , most or teplice ( +10 % rate ) . 
  but people are unwilling to move to other towns or commute daily , they prefer to sit home and complain . 
  our labour market is very unflexible . 
  our hope might be people from slavic non-eu countries . 
  ukraine , belarus , serbia etc. 
  if we would relax our work visa system for them , we could attract substantial immigration . 
  but our political situation prevents it , public opinion right now is very anti-immigration . 
  majority ( ca 1/2 ) of foreigners live in prague and prague has unemployment rate of 2.2 % . 
  skilled english speaking workers with eu passport have no problem to find a job in prague or brno . 
  yes , we hire only people fluent in czech or slovak . 
  it is very hard to get work visa for non-eu people in cz . 
  i think our goverment limits it to less then 300 visas per month . 
  the process takes ca 4-6 months . 
  all this means that companies are not interested in people from outside eu . 
  the same problem - i help to update our open positions on www.jobs.cz and we often don \u00b4 t receive a single suitable cv for weeks . 
  the pool of jobs for only-english-speakers is limited . 
  but , only immigrants who try to learn our language and assimilate are from other post-commie countries and vietnam . 
  expats from other parts of europe and world will stay here few years in their expat bubble and then move away . 
  you statistic is a little bit outdated . 
  in year 2015 , murder rate in slovakia was already lower than in the uk . 
  slovakia - 48 murders in a country of 5,5 million = 8,7 murders per million england and wales - 573 murders in population of 56 million = 10,2 murders per million . 
  the difference is even more significant in other crime . 
  total registered crime in slovakia - 73.000 total registered crime in england and wales - 4.400.000 car thefts in slovakia - 1.900 car thefts in england and wales - 81.000, 
  he was wearing expensive hand-maid suit and tie and probably spoke without accent due to long stay in the uk . 
  his visage screamed wealthy businessman . 
  i guess they had no idea he was an immigrant . 
  they just got into quarrel with higher class person and took their revenge and anger on him . 
  they were white and probably british ( according to witness ) . 
  actually , most/all commie states in eastern europe had more or less pronounced antisemitic tendency . 
  both on personal and institutional level . 
  very many jews thus tried to hide their identity , especially from their own children and grandchildren , who could - in their childish naivety - spread this info to other people . 
  it is not rare that people find out real identity of their grandparents only by chance . 
  by finding old birth certificate , photos or other documents . 
  decades after their death . 
  they are not as innocent as you think . 
  early last year in summer , greece changed radically its refugee policy . 
  they used to intern newcommers in camps and try to extradite them back . 
  this served as deterrent and kept numbers manageable . 
  but then , after all that shit with bailout , tsipras wanted his revenge on germany/eu . 
  so he changed legislation and let refugees just pass the country , without much registering or forcing them in camps ( tsipras knew what will follow , he talked about swamping germany with these people ) . 
  why do you think there was such a huge surge on balkan way even before merkel \u00b4 s wir schaffen das ? 
  what is the average time for asylum process in germany ? 
  more then 80 % of asylum claimants in poland have russian citizenship . 
  ukrainians don \u00b4 t need ( to abuse ) asylum , because poland gives 6-month work visa to every ukrainian that wants it . 
  in many ( most ? ), 
  eastern eu countries , getting citizenship is tied with local language test . 
  because poland lies between belarus and germany . 
  belarus has free movement regime with russia . 
  so people that travel from/through russia and want to western europe , will prefer to cross polish border . 
  if they are caught there , they will claim asylum and then continue their travel . 
  on the other hand , more then 50 % of asylum claims in czech republic are by people that seriously intend to immigrate here , and use asylum to circumvent long visa process . 
  ukranians , vietnamese , cubanese , chinese are the main nationalities here who claim asylum . 
  it erodes faith in justice . 
  and that leads to more corrupt and ruthless society and that breeds more crime . 
  do you really think that drug gang wars in mexico , which produce high body count of killed criminals , reduce criminal rates in any way ? 
  i can \u00b4 t see how indiscriminate killing of poeple that somebody accuses without proof can lead to better society and more safety . 
  he is just using it to ged rid of opposition and his business rivals . 
  it will backfire . 
  in czechia , neonazis are far more numerous and have caused a fair share of problems , bad injuries etc. 
  but our tiny anarchist scene still takes the cake - because one of their groups got recently found guilty of prepairing a terroristic attack - bombing of a train . 
  the only court decision on terrorism in our country ever since it exists . 
  their two leaders are now sitting in jail while the rest of the group sets police cars in prague on fire and organized violent protests and personal intimidation of state employees ( police staff , judges , city clerks etc. 
  poland or slovakia is low because city people there are better off then people living in small towns and villages . 
  eastern europe has problems with rural poverty . 
  while majority of poverty in western europe is centered in poor neighbourhoods of their biggest cities . 
  drug-resistant tb is a problem in post-ussr countries - russia , ukraine , belarus ( 1/3 of their tb is drug-resistant ) and baltics . 
  romania has a lot of normal tb , drug-resistant patients make only small percentage . 
  while romania has currently highest tb rate in eu , it also reduces it successfully in recent years . 
  we should send more eu funds to combat tb and help them to reach eu-average rate sooner . 
  it should also be noted that some parts of london have twice higher tb rate then romania . 
  doctors in some countries ( like slovakia ) make tb checks with people that return from london after longer time . 
  because london is considered high-tb risk zone , similar to some 3rd countries in asia and africa, 
  are czechs counted in it too ? 
  because it looks incredibly low . 
  we had 323.000 foreigner workers at 31.12.2015 in cz . 
  and it grows rapidly , by 60.000 last year , and i predict 100.000 new employees this year . 
  150.000 slovaks 42.000 ukrainians 3.700 germans 3.300 brits 2.600 french etc. 
  slovakia has almost comparable salaries with us , so your numbers don \u00b4 t seem correct . 
  this is reasonable .
