  they both could probably live another 2-3 decades if only we were in austria or wgermany , just few dozen km away from our village . 
  under communism in the czechoslovakia , the average expected age was stagnating for decades , even decreasing for males . 
  only after 1989 , our healthcare got much better . 
  probably gun for rubber bullets run by pressurised air ( sorry , don \u00b4 t know the right english name ) . 
  why ? 
  who needs new elections now ? 
  couldn \u00b4 t he wait few months till the end of regular term ? 
  instability is bad for economics . 
  look at the first picture in this thread . 
  eurostat ( = ilo ) unemployment rate for czech republic was 3,2 % in march 2017 . 
  while registered unemployment was 4,8 % in march 2017 . 
  trading economics is inconsistent . 
  it lists czech registered unemployment rate . 
  but it lists eurostat ( = ilo ) unemployment rate for germany , for example . 
  i never rely on their stats , i always try to get to source . 
  https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=lfs_sexage_i_r oecd has participation rate , but only for year 2015 latest . 
  edit : in age brackets , chose `` total '' instead of `` 15 -64 '' to get total participation rate for whole population over 15 . 
  employment rate is published by eurostat once every 3 months . 
  here is regional map for 2016 . http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/maptoolclosed.do?tab=map&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tgs00102&amp;toolbox=types the problem with employment rate are traditional cultural differencies in participation of women in labour force . 
  for example czech men have one of highest employment rates from all eu countries , but czech women stay at home with children and retire early , so they destroy our average rate . 
  you are wrong . 
  you mix different statistics . 
  germany has higher participation rate than the uk . 
  check eurostat for detailed figures . 
  greece has less than 2 % of total eu population . 
  the graph woudn \u00b4 t change much by excluding it . 
  and median would be meaningless . 
  this is basically u6 methodology from the us . 
  eurostat has thousands of tables with all possible info . 
  also about poverty . 
  check its site . 
  btw while unemployment rate is just one figure , it is pretty important one . 
  people without jobs are loosing qualifications , self-respect and dignity in society fast . 
  it often leads to mental and physical problems , crime , political radicalisation etc. 
  unemployed people in hungary have to work +20 hours a week in state-provided jobs ( cleaning streets etc. ), 
  to receive any sort of unemployment allowance/heath insurance . 
  because they work some hours ( for less than minimal wage !, 
  ) , eurostat doesn \u00b4 t count them as unemployed . 
  turkey , montenegro are candidates for eu memebrship and report their figures to eurostat . 
  switzerland , island and norway are eea memebrs and report to eurostat . 
  russia and belarus are neither candidates or associate eu members . 
  the uk has lower employment rate than germany ( by ca 1 % ) . 
  czechia for example would need more immigrants . 
  ideally from other eu countries . 
  unfortunatelly , we are not an attractive place for southerners ( low wages , shitty weather , alien language ) . 
  1 ) kick national and local goverments of affected regions hard so that they cut red tape and too heavy regulations , simplify bureaucracy and taxes , push for e-goverment 2 ) increase workers mobility 3 ) some sort of tax breaks for new investors in bad regions , financed by eu, 
  according to detailed eurostat data , lowest unemployment rate was in niederbayern ( 2,1 % ) and prague ( 2,2 % ) in 2016 . 
  no eu nuts2 region had unemployment rate under 2 % actually . 
  fyi, 
  he is from a small country of 5 million people that spent decades under commie oppression , was under us czechs , under nazis , under hungarians for centuries , and got independence only in 1993 . 
  no oil , no gas , no other meaningfull resources . 
  mostly mountains , little arable land . 
  transition in 1990s in slovakia was pretty brutal , almost on ussr level , with +20 % unemployment rate . 
  slovakia had to build all institutions from nothing , no flag , parliament , constitution , foreign consulates . 
  they started with empty hands . 
  and slovaks succeeded . 
  full democracy , free market , very low crime ( lower than in germany !, 
  ) , biggest car producer per capita in the world , member of eu and nato . 
  bratislava has higher gdp per capita than prague now . 
  actually , it has fouth highest gdp per capita from all regions in eu , according to eurostat . 
  that is not true any longer . 
  average western european is faaar less religious than average post-commie european . 
  we czechs , or estonians , are outliers . 
  poland is almost catholiban , slovakia is 60 % religious , russia is returning to church pretty quickly . 
  before brexit . 
  i would maybe add that my tipping point for disliking turks came ca 10 years ago . 
  i \u00b4 ve visited turkey for the first time . 
  antalya hotel complex where we had a congress for people from european branches . 
  on morning we had some time , i went to old town . 
  me and my colleage ( both blond ) got followed by nasty group of young men on streets , we tried to explain we dislike them , but they got just more pushing . 
  we had to run away to hotel . 
  i \u00b4 ve spoken with czechs who visited north africa or turkey and very many women had similar experience . 
  and one bad experience can taint the opinion forever . 
  polish catholic church has pretty bad antisemitic undertones . 
  i think big issue is also intermarriage and immersion into host culture . 
  most turks in czechia are university graduates that married a local . 
  they don \u00b4 t build a closed minority , or `` pure '' families and similar stuff . 
  i guess spanish turks are similar ? 
  what is hizmet follower ? 
  in the past ( going by chronicles from late middle ages ) , the czech easter tradition was that one gender spanked the other in turn , on different days . 
  church tried to forbid it , because it always included a wild chase in streets and lack of `` morals '' . 
  nowadays , only some regions in northeast bohemia still celebrate this old version . 
  while most places retained only spanking of women by men on easter monday sadly . 
  whow , such low quality ugly whips . 
  mere table decoration , i guess . 
  you can check job offers here : www.jobs.cz/en https://www.expats.cz/jobs/?nav http://portal.mpsv.cz/sz/obcane/vmjedno/vmobor, 
  i did check the results for other countries ( also non-european ) and indeed . 
  czech turks have the lowest percentage of yes votes overall . 
  czech tourism expanded in the first quarter with ** hotels reporting a 7.1 % year-on-year increase in foreign guests ** to 1.49 million , lured by the mix of a weaker koruna and offerings at local mountain ski resorts , the latest data by the country 's statistics bureau csu showed on may 11 , according to nasdaq . 
  the reading reinforces the overall rebounding local economy with the hospitality industry -- except some spa areas -- proving resilient to declines by visitors from russia , hurt by their shrinking economy amid low oil prices and western sanctions against moscow for its support for russian-speaking insurgents in eastern ukraine . 
  the czech tourism sector is the country 's second-largest generator of foreign revenue after manufacturing exports , centered on autos and electronics . 
  two years ago amid fears of deflation , the czech central bank intervened in foreign-exchange markets and weakened the koruna by more than 5 % to the euro . 
  the bank also pledged to prevent the koruna from appreciating beyond 27.00 , while letting the currency trade freely at weaker levels . 
  there was a 17 % year-on-year increase in german visitors in the first quarter to 328,194 , keeping germany at the top of the number of foreign visitors ranking . 
  slovak and polish visitors came second and third . 
  the number of guests from slovakia and poland rose annually by 20 % and 19 % to 103,895 and 97,265 , respectively . 
  at the same time the number of russians declined 48 % on the year to 95,885 in the first quarter . 
  the western czech spa region of karlovy vary , specifically popular among the russians , was the only area in the country where the total number of visitors -- both local and foreign -- shrank in the quarter . 
  u.s. tourists also visited the czech republic in growing numbers with their total up 18 % on the year at 51,515 in the first quarter . 
  the number of south koreans showed the highest year-on-year increase at 41 % to 46,364 .
