  only number 4 ? 
  yeeh , i hoped for top 3 . 
  polish women come in thousands to czech/slovak clinics for abortion . 
  because their rights in poland are restricted . 
  polish people chose religious dogma over wellbeing of polish women and children . 
  i am a woman and let me say , most women have a rather clear idea how many children they want to have . 
  if they get pregnant unplanned lets say with 18 , then it doesnt increase their wish from lets say 2 children to 3 . 
  they will still get 2 children in total , if they can . 
  actually , unplanned pregnancy also means her chance to find a good man diminish substantially . 
  result of scenario 1 : she goes for abortion , and later , she meets a good man , gets married and will have 2 children . 
  scenario 2 : she gets child with 18 , father of the child leaves her , she gets into difficult financial situation , never finds a man who wants to marry her , and never gets a second child . 
  and yes , i know a person who was unwanted child . 
  pretty awfull childhood ( parents married because of the pregnancy , but hated each other strongly , including violence , also to the child ) , she tried suicide several times , her mother ended with strong schizophreny , the father left them and started a new family . 
  unwanted child is a punishment for both child and mother . 
  what stereotype ? 
  poland bans abortions because cathlic church says it should be banned . 
  the same way muslims in some countries stone women for extramarital sex because their religion leaders say so in mosques . 
  your morality is dictated by religion , by church . 
  muslims think polish lack morality ( drinking alcohol , no headscarve/abaja , sex outside marriage ) and are disgusting too . 
  why do polish catholics feel they have right to force other people in poland ( non-catholics ) to obey their rules ? 
  why woman living on the czech side of the border has better rights and life quality then identical woman living just across our open borders ? 
  why do have czech women on average more children then polish women , despite our liberal abortion law ? 
  you cant order a woman to have a child she doesnt want to have . 
  it will only result in pain , unhapiness and tragedy . 
  unwanted children have pretty sad prospects . 
  actually , it looks like the old custom was that both men and women took turns . 
  on different days around easter , men on monday and women on tuesday - at least in prague . 
  i dont think we have seen such rise in the czech republic . 
  some old far-right parties vanished and some new have formed , but they still remain at around 5 % of voting polls ( all together ) . 
  anti-muslim immigration feelings in general population increased significantly , ever since paris attacs . 
  but all mainstream parties reflect it in their politics , thus far-right parties dont get new voters . 
  for czech republic - we have around 20.000 muslims , but only less then 2.000 are practising ( visiting some sort of praying place ) . 
  most of our muslims are former uni students that married a local and stayed . 
  no ghettos , no youth gangs , no increased unemployment . 
  practically no muslim children . 
  this can change in near future with immigration of muslim families , that will raise their children to be practising muslims . 
  they might radicalize later in same way we saw in western europe . 
  decades-long neglect of main highways and now-available eu funds . 
  be happy you see our roadwork only on map . 
  i commute daily to prague and it is a nightmare . 
  it goes like that for last 2 years already and should continue . 
  so far , our muslim minority ( ca 20.000 ) was very silent and our services havent identified even one person that would join isis . 
  but apparently we have small but active group of anarchists . 
  they regularly torch police cars or cars owned by people they dislike . 
  and they even planned a terror attack on train last year , rather amateurish , but still , that would be first for our country in decades . 
  our police caught them and they are facing trial . 
  czech detention centers for refused asylum claimants has seen all different sorts of self-harming and violence . 
  attempted suicides . 
  attacts on civil personal and guards . 
  last year , one man took the cake when he took his own toddler to window and threated to throw it out from 4th or 5th level . 
  shitty father . 
  we have become an immigration land 25 years ago . 
  but now , even czech citizens , that emigrated in the past , are comming back in droves , which is a positive sign . 
  ( personal experience - my previous boss was living for 10 years in china and singapore in high managerial positions , but when his children were old enough to enter school , it was his reason to return back to cz for good ) . 
  small correction - czech net natural population growth is in equilibrium right now . 
  around 110.000 births and 107.000 deaths annually . 
  i know about it !, 
  or at least , i ve deducted it when i was looking at tubersulosis rates in europe in early 1990s , where romania was absolutly the worst . 
  tuberculosis prospers when population is really poor , goes through war or other heavy unrest . 
  and this desease persists long term and it takes several decades of peace and prosperity to suppress it in population again . 
  it carries the information of past bad times . 
  this is imf , thus i think they take official stats from eurostat ? 
  your anti-eu-migration folks dont need to have heavy head because of cz then . 
  latest stats from 2015 show more czech citizens are comming back from abroad then how many emigrate . 
  i dont want to say that greek decades of mismanagement were caused by euro . 
  i just want to say that euro cut them one possible way out , that might otherwise mitigate/lessen some consequences of their past populistic policies . 
  greece decided against leaving euro , because their debts and savings were in euro . 
  thus devaluation would destroy them maybe more then staying in euro zone . 
  but if greece never entered euro zone first , then it would be able to devaluate , with less casualties . 
  greece has too rigid employment framework / unions / population prone to riot , to go through internal devaluation smoothly ( f.e. 
  baltics are different , so they gone through short intensive pain and then bounced back ) . 
  and so greece stays with 25 % unemployment rate now . 
  edit : tldr if you want euro as your currency , you must have disciplined fiscal policy and reasonable population . 
  if you dont , hands away from euro . 
  spain , italy and portugal would also be better off , if they could devaluate . 
  instead of high unemployment . 
  on the other hand , look at russia . 
  it is in deep shit due to oil , but at least their unemployment is still very low . 
  ruble devaluated and it keeps the society in jobs and thus not revolting/going to streets . 
  own currency has its pros . 
  i am undecided on this issue . 
  i like euro in everyday life , no hassle to exchange money or calculate exchange profit/loss . 
  but i know that in case of acute emergency , our own currency allows us to devaluate . 
  and thus we dont need to experience the same pains like greece is going though now , with high unemployment . 
  central bank weakened our currency by only 5 % in year 2013 . 
  are these 5 % really so significant to you ? 
  because i , for myself , enjoy our low unemployment and strong exports . 
  weaker czk means company i work for has unusually high profit ( we export mainly to germany and china ) and we get fat bonuses . 
  czech national bank is printing money like crazy , worth 1-2 bln eur each month , to keep our currency weak and avoid deflation . 
  when ( if ? ), 
  this stops , our nominal gdp calculated in eur might jump up by 5 - 10 % overnight . 
  i wish we could do more for ukrainians , this map is so depressing ... 
  is turkey not a very big country , with different regions , cultures , languages , weather etc. ? 
  maybe you can find a nice place for yourself somewhere , where you would be happy , even without emigration . 
  anyway , i hope you stay safe . 
  is izmir much better then other places in turkey ? 
  more safe ? 
  what country would you like to emigrate to ? 
  just curious . 
  the whole migrant crisis is not really about those refugees/migrants and european countries \u00b4 ability to feed them and find a bed for them for a few years .
