  my estimate is from around 2007-2008 , i haven \u00b4 t seen a newer one . 
  surprise , but we differenciate clearly both nationalities . 
  russians are rude but weathy tourists , we accept their money and dislike them for their behaviour . 
  ukrainians are dirt-poor gastarbeiters ( estimation is 250.000 are working here legally and another 250.000 illegally ) . 
  they used to be much more disliked then russians , but since the conflict in ukraine started , czechs are changing their opinion . 
  now they are on par with russians and improving . 
  the second place worldwide goes to czechia . 
  10,5 million people and 1,25 million cars . 
  we used to be number one , but slovakia took over in 2012 and is leading with a great margin . 
  they can have children , they are not infertile , you know ? 
  a lot of gays have their own biological children , from previous heterosexual marriage etc. 
  really many lesbians have children too , from past het . 
  relationship , by mutuals \u00b4 s friend help or ai . 
  actually , i am not sure what benefits are you talking about ? 
  registered parters in czechia receive exactly the same benefits ( = tax bonuses etc. ), 
  as married pairs . 
  the only difference is that people that are in registered partnerhip are banned to adopt children . 
  so , a single gay/lesbian can adopt . 
  but a pair that went through registration is banned from adoptions . 
  makes no sense to me , honestly . 
  we have similar agreement with croatia . 
  every summer season , around 2 dozen czech policists serve on dalmatian coast . 
  they help czech tourists . 
  thank you macedonia !, 
  intellectual discussion and reddit dont come together , sorry , wrong place . 
  and honestly , you sound like a troll . 
  but in case you really mean what you write here , then let me tell you , you sound like either religious fanatic ( thus my suggestion to go to saudi arabia , because they like to preach about dangers of western decadency , you might love it there ) , or some neo-nazi . 
  but , in case you want to get my detailed answer : this is not an end of my country . 
  eu membership is the best thing that could happen to us . 
  our relationship with all our neighbouring countries is the best we ever had in our history . 
  we have agreements on cooperation with neighbours in area of cross-border police , healtcare , fire-fighting , pollution control and many more . 
  our economy is best it ever was . 
  our employment rate is highest in our history . 
  our tb rate is second lowest in europe after iceland . 
  our suicide rate is lowest since more then century , when statistics started to be collected . 
  our murder rate is on par with switzerland this year ( more then 10 times lower then in russia ) , lower then during communism . 
  our crime rate is decreasing by 10 % each year , despite open borders and huge tourism boom . 
  our highways and roads are getting upgraded by eu funds . 
  our students use erasmus to experience other countries . 
  our people can study or work in every eu country . 
  our passports enable us to visit the us , canada , most of south amerika and asia visa free . 
  when something happens abroad to a czech person and there is not our embasssy , he/she can contact other embassy of eu member state and it has duty to help him/her . 
  we dont have any exodus , in contrary , our population grew by 300.000 since we entered the eu . 
  and , decadent civilisation is such an empty slogan . 
  but let me quess what you mean with decadence : drugs , porn , infidelity , divorce , lgtb rights ? 
  you maybe never visited us , but let me tell you , my country is more `` decadent '' then most of western europe . 
  if somebody should feel threatened by our eu membership , it is them , not us . 
  we have more beach nudity then anybody else in europe , sans former east germany ( during commie time , i practically grew up on nudist beaches ) . 
  our porn is famous woldwide since decades . 
  we decriminalized drugs like second country in europe , only after portugal . 
  legal weed is even on prescription . 
  we are most tolerant to alcohol and other vices according to recent survey . 
  half of children are born to single mothers and absolutly nobody cares . 
  we are more gay friendly then austria and on par with germany . 
  you talk about economic collaps , exodus and decadence . 
  i experience most prosperous times , immigation ( mostly from other slavic countries ) and personal freedom to do whatever i want , as long as i dont hurt other people . 
  people here are generally optimistic about future . 
  if you long for society that punishes decadency , move to saudi arabia . 
  czechia had 1102 women and 16265 men in prison , making it 6,3 % last friday . 
  women are wastly underrepresented as perpetrators of crimes worldwide , and especially in violent crime . 
  ah , ok . i \u00b4 m used to situation in czechia where head of university ( rektor ) is voted in by academical village and is independent on any goverment . 
  do we or poles have leprosy or what ? 
  my country provides free university education for russians ( if they study in czech language ) , including subsidised accomodation and meals . 
  no geopolitical tensions could change it so far . 
  because academics with integrity usually consider important thema like quality terciary education above stupid political skirmishes . 
  is paranoia really so bad among educated people in russia like this article tries to paint ? 
  i \u00b4 m glad we are members . 
  we need friendly neighbours , stability , free trade and free travel . 
  in this globalised world and with our geopolitical location , we dont have other way to survive long term . 
  there are things i dislike or i think they should be done differently , but we as members have vote too so we should strive to change the eu in a way we want it to work . 
  we should cooperate and compromise more with other countries and thus get more power within the eu . 
  i see eu fonds more and more sceptically . 
  i think they should be decreased and applied only in really important areas that have impact on our neighbours , like health/education/international transport system . 
  i think we shoud develop our country practically exclusivelly by our own strenght . 
  eu funds distort free market and lead to wrong allocation of resources ( aka wasted money ) . 
  eu funds should be redirected to romania/bulgaria or balkan countries/ukraine that still need them . 
  at least 3 - 4 generations , in case russia would apologize , return land and pay reparations right now . 
  but it is possible the hate will become balkan-like and will survive for centuries . 
  ukrainians couldnt imagine russians , the brother nation , can attack them . 
  broken trust within family is something you dont forget , especially not between slavs . 
  yup , i can smell the big bonfire behind our town , i had to close my window . 
  but , the number of participants seem to be quite low this year , maybe 200 in the procession and only 4 or 5 musicians in capella . 
  it used to be much bigger event during my childhood . 
  yup , this is good explanation . 
  czech job office ( that registers unemployed and pays them benefits ) estimates that around 1/3 of registered unemployed people work unofficially . 
  i havent felt any significant change during my two decades of professional life . 
  i experienced only polite and friendly bosses so far ( btw my current boss is the best ) . 
  but my area in central bohemia has never seen unemployment rate over 6 % . 
  i have never done more then 2 interviews before landing a job in my life . 
  if i would ever meet really rude/abusive boss , i would quit on the spot . 
  great !, 
  czech unemployment rate just hit the lowest point since year 1996 . 
  our salaries should rise more . 
  but this big time difference had little effect on assimilation . 
  czech germans , living with us czechs for almost a millenium , still fell pray to hitler propaganda so easily . 
  in goverment elections in year 1935 , 2/3 of them voted for local nazi party . 
  and in local elections at the beginning of year 1938 , nazis ( party lead by henlein , with the same program as hitler , including getting rid of jews and czechs ) got 89,5 % of german votes . 
  after sudeten got incorporated into germany in 1938 , czech germans voted for nsdap with 98,9 % of their votes . 
  over half a million of them became regular nsdap registered members . 
  the membership in hitlerjugend was twice so often here , then in germany proper .
