  we experienced similar development shortly in 2014 in cz when we got out of last recession . 
  wow , some of those linked photos are really really nice . 
  this is nothing new . 
  we got a lot of barter goods to settle similar disputes in the past . 
  one of the most memorable agreements was vith vietnamese goverment around 1988 . 
  we got several shipments of exotic animals including elephants , black bears and binturongs . 
  and what kind of job you wish to find ? 
  in education ? 
  research ? 
  industry ? 
  financial sector ? ... 
  if all you need is several years of experience to get a shot at your dream job , maybe you could really look for openings on continent . 
  it might mean a salary cut right now . 
  but if it gets you a cushy job in the uk later , consider it an investment . 
  lets say prague ? 
  lowest unemployment rate in the eu ( 2 % ) , actually zero unemployment rate for engineers of all sorts . 
  booming economy , exciting night life , many cultural events ( it can \u00b4 t beat london through ) , large english speaking expat communities , low cost of living , decent healtcare , no violent crime , no muslims , almost all-white population with few vietnamese on top . 
  you will experience upper-middle-class life with your engineering diplom . 
  engineering degree in what exactly ? 
  many eu countries have high demand for people like you . 
  if you can \u00b4 t find anything in the uk , move . 
  use your eu citizen \u00b4 s rights and search for jobs in an economical area that encompases half a billion people . 
  if you want to understand the roma problem , start with googling images of romsk\u00e1 osada ( = roma village in slovakian ) . 
  cultural difference . 
  my first experience using it was rather weird . 
  it was inside tax office for prague 1 , few steps away from v\u00e1clav\u00e1k . 
  question for turks : is dollar seen as a way to keep your savings and set price of more expensive investment ( car , apartment etc. ), 
  the same way deutsche mark was used in 90s in balkan ? 
  romania is more generous than czechia . 
  because our goverment gives only 1850 eur to long-time unemployed that is willing to move to other part of cz to get a job . 
  this has been implemented recently , to tackle our shockingly high unemployment rate of 3,8 % . 
  this is a little strange . 
  two largest czech rafineries burned down this year too . 
  artificially undervalued koruna against euro . 
  you can thank \u010cnb for our low unemployment rate . 
  reply : very high poverty rate ( check intrastat ) and public work scheme ( check http://www.intellinews.com/hungarian-public-works-schemes-just-hide-problems-111311/ ), 
  i understand it that way , yes . 
  but , i would be also very interested to know how roma are doing in rich west/north european countries , as well as in russia/ukraine/non-eu balkan countries/turkey/asia . 
  such study would be probably much more expensive that this one to conduct through . 
  i think this article is not biased . 
  it just sets its criteria as folowing - eu member countries with the most numerous officially reported roma minorities . 
  each country has its own laws about asylum seekers , their rights and financial support . 
  some countries ( norway , denmark ... ) have already made it much harder to cheat them . 
  other countries like germany don \u00b4 t plan to fix their systems . 
  i think we talk about two different things . 
  one is economic immigration , people finding jobs in richer countries and immigrating forever or just for shorter time like gastarbeiters still supporting family at home - that is what you talk about . 
  if legal , i have no problem with it , more power for such people . 
  we czechs used to be like this for centuries , men working in alp forests or north german seaports , and returning home to their poor village only once a year . 
  even my grandfather still spoke 5 languages because when young , he traveled many countries , where he got hired for menial work . 
  the second situation is premediated abuse of asylum system . 
  people targeting good intentions of richer and naive countries . 
  it is fraud and should be seriously punished . 
  not just by swift deportation . 
  because it damages societal trust . 
  asylum should be for people that really are in danger of life . 
  poverty is sad , but can \u00b4 t be solved by crime . 
  a large amount of balkan gypsies abuse your asylum system . 
  and their middlemen get rich . 
  the same problem were czech gypsies emigrating to canada and requesting asylum there . 
  most of them returned within a year . 
  why do they emigrate ? 
  organized middlemen from their own communities talk with the families and press them to move and abuse the system , promising them to arrange the travel and help them dealing with authorities in targeted country . 
  the families pay them a percentage from money they get in refugee allowance . 
  often these middlemen are hired by refugee office to translate/assist , so double income for them . 
  the more refugees from their community come , the richer they get . 
  often the families sell their land/houses to these middlemen for price under fair value . 
  because they believe other gypsies , and totaly distrust outsiders , so they don \u00b4 t even realise they get scammed . 
  and if they realise they got scammed , they can \u00b4 t fight back . 
  they don \u00b4 t speak the language of the target country , and they don \u00b4 t trust police . 
  they are trapped , often landing in drugs or prostitution . 
  solution ? 
  stop accepting asylum requests from balkan . 
  at all . 
  western balkan is fractured and unstable . 
  prospect of eu membership keeps it calm and safe . 
  or , are you prepared for a million or two new refugees when a new war erupts there ? 
  tfr of czech republic is going up nicely . 
  it was 1,53 in year 2014 . 
  it was 1,57 last year . 
  it will be around 1,60 this year . 
  do you have any figures about family reunifications ? 
  do they count under refugees , or are they reported as legal immigrants in statistics ? 
  ahoj for people you know and are informal . 
  dobr\u00fd den for unknown folk and formal spreech . 
  if you want to break ice a little bit , you will mention at least one bad thing that happened to you recently . 
  if the second person complains about their own shitty day in responce - you are doing it right . 
  you are successfully bonding with a local !, 
  i think we should look after these extra poor european countries more . 
  not necessary by direct financial transfers . 
  but by opening more trade routes , supporting tourism , help with crime eradication or even some direct aid ( like tb antibiotics for free etc. ), 
  why do you think ukrainains that wanted to are not already working in the eu , either legally or illegally ? 
  do you know how many work visas has poland handed out already ? 
  or how many czech freelance visa were snaped by ukrainains ? 
  come to prague and listen people around you talk . 
  both ukrainain and russian is very common . 
  you are only thinking about wealthy people flying to london or french riviera for a week ( - end ) . 
  but , it will really help local tourism in eastern eu countries that border with ukraine . 
  their eastern parts suffer very high unemployment rate ( eastern slovakia has 20 % ! ), 
  while they have a lot of interesting low-cost tourist places . 
  i think you are wastly overestimating that percentage .
