  czech median salary is growing more then our average salary . 
  and our unemployment rate , while already low , is falling quickly . 
  so far , 7 bodies recovered . 
  among them 2 asian women . 
  wrong . 
  at least here in my country , all levels of society can feel the positive effects . 
  employment is highest since velvet revolution . 
  even worst regions with ghettos saw a fall in unemployment . 
  supermarkets and other stores are full of people every day more and more , i have problems to find parking place . 
  car models i can see on village roads change rapidly . 
  most houses in my village/town got modernized within last 2 years . 
  many of my girl friends are expecting or are fresh mothers , we will have baby boom this and next year . 
  people are not afraid of future and have big plans , start businesses , buy apartments etc. 
  our latest gdp growth rate of 4,3 % was a dissapointment for me , i hoped for at least 4,6 - 4,8 % . 
  cee needs rapid growth to finally catch up with western europe . 
  it is a slow process that takes decades and some people are getting impatient . 
  i wish ... no , we are just egalitarian . 
  with exception of gypsies . 
  you can clearly see two regions where most of gypsy ghettos are located . 
  i wish we would somehow manage to assimilate them one day . 
  we are a country of only 10.5 mio . 
  we get between 30.000 and 100.000 legal economic immigrants per year , from ukraine to phillipines . 
  we are tolerant of them . 
  we get 8.000.000 foreign tourists per year . 
  we are tolerant of them . 
  more then 15 % of prague residents have foreign passport . 
  we live peacefully together . 
  we are gay friendly . 
  we have low antisemitism , religious conflicts are nonexistent . 
  nationalismus/patriotism is practically extinct . 
  we are among top 10 most peacefull countries in the world . 
  we are not rich , but we live sheltered . 
  czechs are passive people , we avoid all potential conflicts . 
  but muslims has got bad pr recently with all that terrorism we can see on tv . 
  the czech republic has never experienced terrorism so far . 
  no wonder people are scared of illegal muslim immigrats traveling through austria , few km from our southern border , at the pace of 10.000 per day . 
  around half of our foreign tourists come from non schengen countries . 
  americans are number two after germans . 
  then , we get a lot of russians , chinese , koreans and so on . 
  schengen helps us , sure . 
  but prague , cheap beer and safe destination status is a big factor too . 
  what i found interesting is the high number of domestic tourists , ig czech tourists spending their holiday in czech hotels/pensions . 
  our statistical office says their number increased by more then 12 % this year , that would mean around 17,5 million in a country of only 10,5 mio !, 
  despite booming economy , low unemployment and zero inflation - we prefer to travel locally , instead of going for exotic destinations . 
  like russians , if your numbers are correct . 
  we have no power to change german decisions , so your point is moot . 
  we are a small and economically/politically irrelevant country . 
  but over 1/3 of our jobs directly depends on germany . 
  if something really bad should happen to them , my country would turn into greece overnight . 
  thus , purely because of egoistic reasons , we must be alert about what is going on in germany . 
  and help them , if it is in our power . 
  it is common sense . 
  the problem is , i dont know how to help them . 
  i dont even know what is their end game in this refugee crisis . 
  germany is by far our most important export partner . 
  we need strong , peaceful , friendly and open germany . 
  thus , we must care about them . 
  and help them , i just dont know how we should help them . 
  in this particular case , those families were selected to come here because healthcare in refugee camp was not enough for their ill children . 
  they needed special care and our best child clinic was ready to accept them and treat them . 
  i have no problem with bringing in such cases into europe and give them permanent asylum , inclusive their family . 
  the czech republic has the highest rate of doctors per population in europe . 
  we also have low emigration rate . 
  our universities produce ca 2500 doctors per year . 
  to lose 10 % of them is not a catastrophe , considering they can earn 4x more with just moving one country away . 
  the problem is that both germany and the uk have targeted recruiting campaign on czech doctors and nurses . 
  they contact them personally and help them with relocation of their families , bonuses , language courses and all . 
  this created local shortages or shortage of some specialisations here . 
  they actually havent done anything illegal if you think about it . 
  so there is no need to fine them or even arrest them . 
  refusing offered help is not against law . 
  and germany agrees to accept all syrian refugees that cross their border . 
  so , really , while there might be some broken trust and disdain for our country , they havent done anything wrong per se that is punishable by law . 
  maybe they had family members in germany already ? 
  maybe they were scared that czechs would be violent to them - is nonsense of course , but our media image is bad right now and they might feel insecure . 
  i am not angry because of them . 
  they can go in peace . 
  but on the other hand , if they would want to come back one day , i hope we will reject them . 
  i had no idea estonia gets so much tourists . 
  til the czech republic is basically a russia in central europe . 
  we got 8 m foreign tourists and 15,5 m internal tourists last year . 
  i think he meant fingerprinting and dna profiling . 
  there are thousands russian tourists going there because of drugs ? 
  i understand thailand = sextourism , but india and lsd ? 
  til, 
  germany will accept them . 
  because germany officially announced that syrians are not an subject of dublin regulation anymore . 
  deportation to an eu country where they first asked for asylum is therefore not possible . 
  that our country paid their airticket from lebanon and offered them best possible health care for their child is not relevant . 
  that seems random ... 
  which goa - in india ? 
  what are the top 5 most popular foreign destinations for russians now ? 
  egypt , turkey , ? 
  then , what do you think is average price of a family house with garden ? 
  these prices are in line with average house prices i can see in local adverts . 
  average price for a newer but still modest one-family house with plot of ca 800 m2 in my small town ( 50 km far from prague outskirts ) and villages around us is in range 150k-250k . 
  prague on the other hand , is insanelly expensive when we talk about houses with own garden . 
  generally it is believed , there is a natual unemployment rate of around 4 % . 
  it consists of people changing jobs , some disabled having difficulties finding occupation etc. 
  the higher rate gets over 4 % , the bigger the gap between real and full potential of the local economy .
