  there is no universal definition what is still acceptable and what is too high unemployment rate . 
  in europe , it is belarus that takes the crown , with under 1 % unemployment rate , acording to their ofificial statistics . 
  they are still 99 % commies . 
  eurostat doesnt calculate ilo unemployment rates for individual countries . 
  eurostat just sends out a methodology manual to national statistic offices . 
  and then waits to receive data from them . 
  the ons always sends its unemployment data 2 months later then other countries . 
  the latest gdp growth forecast by our financial ministerium is 4,5 % ( 5,2 % nominaly ) for year 2015 . 
  1000 asylum requests per year is nothing we cant handle easily . 
  most asylum seekers will be denied anyway . 
  i have no feeling about it , as long as it stays the same . 
  it is insignificant . 
  the only time i would lobby for more leniency would be massive refugee crisis due to war on european soil . 
  new balkan wars or large-scale russian invasion into ukraine/belarus/moldavia / baltics . 
  then , i hope we accept ten thousands or possibly hundert thousands people . 
  i feel sorry to read it . 
  i cant imagine to live under such conditions . 
  ( in my okres ( county ) , registered unemployment rate is 3,6 % and is predicted to fall under 3 % next summer . ), 
  do you see a way how to improve the situation in your country ? 
  that must be hard . 
  czech republic has traditionally low unemployment rate , since 1989 till now . 
  our transformation into capitalism was rather smooth . 
  also , our central bank devaluated our koruna currency in 2013 and set a peg at 27 koruna per euro . 
  this helps our exports to be more competitive . 
  but , it can potentionally end bad for us , see switzerland and their franc peg . 
  what is your unemployment rate in serbia now ? 
  we are better . 
  yay . 
  we got 1115 asylum requests this year . 
  527 ukrainians , 114 cubans , 73 syrians , next were vietnamese . 
  out of these 46 got asylum , 330 got time-limited visa , 649 dissapeared into thin air and 573 requests are not decided yet . 
  it is pretty clear that asylum right is abused to circumvent shengen work/immigration visa proces in most cases . 
  unfortunatelly , politicians are too populistic in many countries , especially in poorest ones , and just go into too high debt , to buy votes short term . 
  they dont think about `` back wheels '' . 
  also , collaps of gdp due to global economic crisis is something you cant predict . 
  it comes with little warning . 
  that means , if you create state debt , you must calculate with such option and never `` max you credit card '' . 
  maastricht criteria say no eu land should have more then 60 % debt/gdp ratio . 
  many economists argue ( and i agree with it ) that weaker economies of ex-communistic eu countries should not significantly break over 40 % debt/gdp ratio . 
  dont be so hard on estonia . 
  because of historical reasons , our part of europe is a little bit behind . 
  but most of western europe was pretty hardcore anti-gay less then 30-50 years ago . 
  it just needs time . 
  degree of tolerance of lgbt is correlated with wealth and prosperity . 
  with sustained gdp growth in estonia , general attitude will change . 
  we dont strive to be called west european . 
  but east europe is associated with poverty , lawlessness and russian agression , thus we dont feel pleased with it either . 
  central european is nice compromise . 
  this transfer is prepaired in cooperation with local christian organisations - those that help in refugee camps and are in regular contact with people there , taking part in masses , wedding , funerals etc. 
  i think it is easy to find out who is christian for them . 
  i personally would support if our country would prefere atheistic refugees . 
  but i think it would be impossible to really identify them . 
  i think i disagree with you . 
  too high borrowing wont end nicely , no matter what country we talk about . 
  at first , it increases your purchasing power , but later on you have to pay back with interest . 
  and , the weaker an economy is , the higher interest it must pay for the same debt to gdp . 
  look at hungary . 
  they were borrowing in 80s and 90s like there is no tommorow . 
  that increased their debt to the point of almost collaps , very high taxes , supressed growth and high poverty and brought orb\u00e1n and jobbiks to power . 
  i understand there is poverty in many eastern countries . 
  but unsustained increase of state debt is not the answer . 
  they can and often do so . 
  it is pretty normal for lesbian pairs to become parents , when one or both deliver a child ( by help of a friend or ai ) . 
  for gay pairs , it gets more complicated , because of parent rights of biological mum . 
  and i personally think people like you are the reason hungary is doing so bad lately . 
  which is a big shame , i like your country ( my grandparents used to quarrel in hungarian so that we kids couldnt understand them ) . 
  czechs were envious of your country in 1980s , because you seemed so rich , open-minded , progressive and cool . 
  what happened in last 30 years that changed hungary so much ? 
  i dislike orb\u00e1n because of his corruption , populism and some other things.e might be better option then jobbik , but not by far . 
  i agree with him about neccessity of stopping the recent influx of illegals into europe . 
  but , just because i agree with him on 1 thing , doesnt make him any better . 
  i am worried about hungary . 
  their poverty rate is growing and their democracy deteriorates . 
  many eastern european democraties are still rather weak and unstable . 
  and thus populists have it easier . 
  fortunatelly , only hungary sem to be on a wrong path , and even there i have hope they will overcome it eventually . 
  like slovakia got rid of me\u010diar in 90s . 
  zeman , fortunatelly , has no real power , his role is only ceremonial . 
  he is an embarassement , but he is not dangerous . 
  central european here . 
  less then 1000 czechs emigrate to west annually . 
  im sad they leave , but we cant keep them if they feel like leaving . 
  at least 50 % will return anyway , from my experience . 
  the czech republic gets immigrants from eastern and southeastern europe . 
  some years we absorbe over 100.000 immigrants without friction ( 1 % of our total population ) . 
  their unemployment rate is close to zero . 
  their crime rate is the same as among ethnic czechs . 
  and they assimilate nicely . 
  i feel ok with that amount . 
  eastern europeans are best sort of immigrants - hardworking , not entitled and eager to learn our language . 
  something along the lines that increasing muslim minority will eventually impose wearing hijab even on czech women , which he would find unfortunate . 
  but then there are a few czech women that would be served good/would need it . 
  he is a troglodyte . 
  we have identical opinion on him . 
  and being a woman , his recent remark didnt help . 
  how hard it is to get rid of him ? 
  whatever my stance on illegal immigration is , one is sure , zeman is a cunt . 
  paid by russian money , his main advisor is head of czech lukoil branch . 
  all prisoners in the czech republic have to pay for their stay in prison . 
  you can read about it [ here .
