  and he commits serious crime in his new adoptive country , there were also children sleeping inside the house !, 
  if he doesnt like our country , he can easily go back to russia . 
  he can get up to 8 years in prison . 
  but i hope he will be deported asap . 
  thank you a lot for that document , danish is ok , i understand a lot . 
  czech inmates are not even mentioned , so there is less then 6 czechs in your prisons . 
  and people from other eastern-eu member states make only a small percentage , less then 2 % in total . 
  in my country , 16 % of crimes are commited by foreigners , mostly from ex-soviet countries and balkan . 
  so we have apparently bigger `` imported '' crime problem then denmark . 
  interesting . 
  yes , i know that might be a problem . 
  and my country agrees and recently , we signed a deal with german police force , that both police forces can work in both countries , without a prior approval . 
  [ read this link ] ( http://www.br.de/nachrichten/oberpfalz/inhalt/polizeiabkommen-deutsch-tschechisch-100.html ) germany signed a similar deal with poland recently too . 
  do you think there is more that can be done so that criminals cant misuse schengen ? 
  do you know where exactly these organised eastern europeans thieves come from ( country ) ? 
  because in czechia , poland and slovakia , crime rate is falling very quickly . 
  in my country , crime in year 2015 fell 16 % compared with last year . 
  burglary alone decreased by 31 % , car thefts even more . 
  just within last 12 months !, 
  and in year 2014 , overall crime rate fell 11 % compared with year 2013 . 
  could it be that our police is very active recently and so our thieves are all moving to the west ? 
  50 % of german debt was cancelled after wwii . 
  50 % of greek debt was cancelled few years back . 
  they had the same chance . 
  germany got marshal plan . 
  greece got eu subsidies . 
  do greeks even know what their economical mess , irresponsibility and ego caused in other ez countries ? 
  for example , past slovak goverment agreed to solidarity with greece and pooled a large chunk of their tax money to greece as a loan . 
  but it was clearly against the will of slovak electrorate . 
  of course , the goverment lost during next electrions . 
  if ordinary slovaks would have any real power , they would strangle greeks long time ago , and kicked them our from eu , without any ceremony . 
  poor slovaks donated them so much money , and all they got back were insults . 
  nobody from slovakia will show solidarity to greece for a second time , to be fooled again . 
  i agree with this . 
  eu has bended so many internal rules just to accomodate greece in the past , that deal like this is very realistic , when both sides will agree . 
  if greece leaves euro , it will need all eu subsidies it can get to revive its economy . 
  in my opinion , as a complete outsider who doesnt follow your politics much , this development was to be expected . 
  your goverment is going less secular and more islam-fundamentalistic each passing year . 
  i am probably wrong , but i think this is only another step in that direction and with time , screws will only be made tighter . 
  because the uk \u00b4 s got a strong bargaining position . 
  50.000 is a lot people for turkey , i had no idea it is so popular and tolerated there . 
  ( prague in comparison gets only around 20.000 during the pride parade ), 
  germany could , but not us . 
  czechs \u00b4 biggest archenemy was always germany ( or bavaria , saxony , austria , frankisch reich , you name it ) for more then 1000 years . 
  that usss-puppet period was just a very short blip . 
  if eu should stop to exist , germany would be our enemy again . 
  thanks to eu we have the best relations with germany ever in our history . 
  but without eu through ... 
  i personally think that greek bancrupcy will negativelly effect the whole eu economically , even countries outside eurozone , like us . 
  i just dont know how much . 
  on the other hand , if eu would cave in to greece \u00b4 s blackmail , other countries will see it as an example and just follow the same way ( spain , italy , ... ) . 
  and that would mean the end of the whole eurozone and frobably even eu for sure . 
  they are too big to be bailed by the rest of the eu . 
  slovaks are mostly catholics . 
  i have attended a wedding in church in slovakia few years back . 
  during the ceremony ( ca 1,5 hour of monologue by the priest ) , the priest included anti-gay hate comments into his speach . 
  and the whole church havent blinked an eye , apparently it is a part of their regular mass there . 
  both catholic and orthodox church in former eastern block preach rabid homophobia . 
  it is one of their main teachings about morality . 
  since when has germany or us nuclear weapons ? 
  economical prosperity means that mine whole adult life , i was never more then 3 weeks without a proper job ( full-time , unlimited-period contract , good pay ) , without moving to another town . 
  united friendly europe is a neccessity . 
  greeks voted for populists for several decades and now it comes back to them , is not eu \u00b4 s fault . 
  the problem is their `` zdroje jsou '' motto . 
  those who wote for populists will suffer . 
  greek electorate gets exactly what it deserves . 
  no way . 
  i am enjoing peace , free movement and economical prosperity too much to even pay attention to all those doomsday phrases some peaople like to throw around . 
  latest survey shows that 49 % of czechs support gay marriage and 75 % support registered partnership . 
  30 % of hungarians support gay marriage . 
  only 21 % of poles support gay marriage but 39 % support registered partnership . 
  russia is more conservative then any other ex-commie european country . 
  i am not israeli/jewish as long as i know . 
  but even if i was , what would it change ? 
  jews were never more then 1 - 2 % of prague population . 
  refused . 
  there is a reason that czechia has least antisemitism from all european countries . 
  we know first hand what goal palestinian political parties were really after . 
  we trained them ourselves . 
  commie czechoslovakia was an important supporter of j\u00e1sir arafat and his party , he visited our country at least 10 times officially and nobody knows how many times without a ceremony , since 1960es . 
  we trained , funded and armed terrorists , provided everything from specialized torture techniques to tonnes of semtex and firearms , we provided best army instructors , intelligence and reconvalescence for wounded fighters . 
  blood shed by palestinian terrorists is also on our hands . 
  it is a dark part of our history , and shouldnt be forgotten . 
  yes , we were moscow \u00b4 s puppet and acted on their direct orders . 
  but it can not bring life to all those victims . 
  we have a moral debt to israel , and it is not related with holocaust . 
  i commented according to my personal experience . 
  condensed milk used to be more common during commie times . 
  now , while you can still see it in shops , it is very marginally used . 
  mostly to add it into your coffee . 
  but even that is pretty rare . 
  you are an troll . 
  thank you for the link . 
  according to that survey , it is less then half . 
  and with time , less and less people agree with it ( it was over 60 % in 1990es ) . 
  your society goes an opposite way with time then i would assume . 
  in my country , more people agree with abortions then in 1990es . 
  recent czech survey shows that 67 % of us support abortions based solely on woman \u00b4 s decision , 17 % support with some limitations ( must have valid social or health reasons ) , 8 % would allow it only when mothers health is endangered and 3 % would forbid it completely . 
  i think that our last +60 years were very similar . 
  and 60 years is time enough for a society to substantially change an opinion .
