  the main goal is to remain good neigbours with no sour feelings . 
  both countries are relatively good places to live for average joe ( compared to their neighbours ) . 
  unfortunatelly , both are ( according to my personal opinion ) heading into major crisis and maybe war a decade or two down the road . 
  their societies are getting more unstable and radicalism is growing . 
  polish goverment is all talk because vast majority of poles is fiercely pro-eu . 
  so if pis would take actions , polish people would disagree . 
  this is ironically absolutly oposite to czech situation . 
  czech current goverment is socdem ( center-left ) and very pro eu . 
  while average czechs are very critical of it . 
  eu unfortunatelly is a a la carte . 
  look at all the exceptions . 
  like denmark doesn \u00b4 t need to participate in refugee quota , because they were clever enough to opt out of it . 
  or insane agriculture subsidies , adopted by eu with the single purpose to appease french farmers . 
  eu is all about realpolitik when you look only at its behaviour and not rhetoric . 
  i don \u00b4 t think that open racism is growing much in the czech republic recently . 
  we always had some neo-nazi , their numbers and activity don \u00b4 t grow , but decrease slightly . 
  gypsies are disliked by general population since forever . 
  some groups get more unpopular recently ( muslims ) , while other ethnicities improve their image ( polish , vietnamese etc. 
  ) , at least according to opinion surveys . 
  we have studies about hate crime , and its numbers fluctuate for years without a clear trend . 
  it can \u00b4 t be compared with for example germany , where hate crime expoded in recent 3 years . 
  holy crap , i hope you don \u00b4 t believe that nonsense you write here . 
  eu doesn \u00b4 t in any way try to destroy europe or anything else you migth suggest . 
  we already have guarded camps ( capacity for a few hunderd people ) . 
  they are for illegal immigrants that wait for forced expulsion . 
  we get critique from eu organs for it . 
  not to mention riots that happen there . 
  the issue has two levels . 
  first , if countries should be punished for breaking a valid law . 
  and yes , there must be some punishment . 
  so far , eu has been very inconsistent with penalties . 
  see france and other countries that have excessive budget deficits , but the eu decided ( for political reasons , to not support anti-eu parties ) not to fine them and thus breaks its own laws and loses credibility . 
  this has to stop . 
  that means some sort of fine for violating law must follow , always . 
  second level is the damage that will be caused by all this to the eu and czech political scene . 
  czechs will be even more eu pessimists than now ( and we are more pessimistic about membership than even the uk shortly before brexit ) . 
  i can see some far-right/populist party to gain a lot in next elections . 
  refugees will be angry because they never wanted to come to our country . 
  they spent huge amounts on smugglers to get to germany/sweden . 
  germany will be angry because those refugees will run to them the second they can . 
  people that crossed deserts and oceans wont be stopped by green borders . 
  the eu managed to maneuvreu itself into loss-loss situation . 
  it sounds like he is speaking about czechs . 
  vietnamese gangs control probably +90 % of drug production and wholesale distribution , especially meth . 
  they are big in large tax frauds , illegal imports into eu . 
  also ivory and rhino horn trade . 
  gypsy clans are active in pickpocketing , street crime and frauds mainly . 
  albanians are in forced prostitution , some drugs and guns . 
  probably the most brutal group we have ? 
  slavic-speaking balkan gangs have protection rackets , extortion , political lobying . 
  money laundering on big scale . 
  russian speaking gangs are probably most all-rounders . 
  jacks of all trades . 
  also many political connections/corruption . 
  illegal immigration , sale of false documents . 
  israeli gangs are into ( illegal ) gambling . 
  arabs are slowly getting foot in drug imports and false money . 
  caucasian gangs are into luxury car thefts , robberies and some other violence . 
  car thefts are often done by poles and lithuania-russians , but they are mostly foot soldiers . 
  edit : most organized crime is ofcourse done by czechs here . 
  i woudnt want to live in either . 
  but if i had only one of these options , i would go with a. 
  b is nice if you are a strong man with strong network and no problem in using violence to get what you want ( aka gang leader ) . 
  me being single woman would not be able to survive withou a `` protector '' in such situation . 
  if you want to experience society close to b , get into overcrowded prison . 
  or some far-away region in ex-ussr in 1990s might be close approxiation . 
  poverty , suicides , shy-high crime , no functioning healtcare , no pension , no justice . 
  i think that both ordinary poles and hungarians are very much pro-eu . 
  much more than czechs . 
  i don \u00b4 t think it is good idea . 
  czech republic has job-centered visa program . 
  or you can immigrate if you start a business here . 
  that leads to situation that our non-eu immigrants have higher employment rate than ordinary czechs and only rarely land on welfare , even after decades spent here . 
  why to change something that works well for us ? 
  if we would want to increase immigration , we can just decide to increase our current visa quota . 
  in most cases , you can \u00b4 t immigrate without securing your job first . 
  your visa will be tied to that job/employer . 
  almost nobody speaks english ? 
  even young people ? 
  what is the default foreign language in primary school in russia . 
  maybe chinese ? 
  i work in prague and live in small town . 
  i see police once every 2 weeks or so ( mostly highway patrols ) . 
  policemen on foot are more rare . 
  christianity traditionally banned lending of money for interest . 
  it got legal in europe only recently ( in historical view of time ) . 
  islam still bans it to this day . 
  that stigma just continues . 
  the income and wealth disparity is too large . 
  so no . 
  and the moment some country in ee becomes richer that western europe , it will attract not only ethnic western europeans , but also muslim immigrants from western europe . 
  so we will lose any advantage of low muslim numbers . 
  we are eu members . 
  we can \u00b4 t prohibit immigration of muslims from we if they have eu citizenship !, 
  edit : in case western europeans would start to immigrate en masse to cz , we would probably leave the eu . 
  no matter how crazy that sounds . 
  czechs are more eu-sceptic than brits ever were . 
  unfortunately . 
  i have withnessed just one firing ( cancellation of open-end work contract on spot ) during last 20 years . 
  circa around 2007 ( when cz economic boom caused serious labour shortages ) , the company was really desperate to get a qualified electrician .
