  according to latest news from maternity hospitals , childbirths continue to grow also in year 2015 . 
  if our gdp should grow by 3 - 4 % annually in near future , our tfr might reach around 1,80 , i guess . 
  we dont need 2,1 rate when we have stable flood of young slovaks to our univesities who are so easy to ~ ~ seduce to the dark side ~ ~ assimilate . 
  there was no single reason or magical cure , rather a mix of open borders through eu access , strong gdp growth ( pre-crisis ) , low unemployment rate and attractivity of cosmopolitan prague =  some baby boom and massive immigration from other slavic countries and beyond . 
  on the other hand , most czechs are too lazy or scared to move abroad , so we havent experienced substantial emigration . 
  often expats return back und bring their partners with them , that helps too . 
  that article is about the possibility to legally claim refugee status , not about reaction of general population . 
  ukrainians are mostly denied it in eu countries , so they rather ask for working visa then for refugee status , because such cases are rarely accepted and they would face deportation . 
  in case of czech republic , ukrainians make the largest percentage of accepted refugees by far . 
  but still , most of them try to get first working visa ( because if they have at least secondary education and a job contract , they are rarely denied ) , and they wont be internated like refugees would be here . 
  all baltic countries seem to improve their demographics recently , more children are born , and less emigration . 
  a few years of economic boom and their populations will grow again , with more births and return of expats . 
  czech republic was loosing people till 2004 , when the trend got reversed . 
  our population grew by 300.000 people in just 10 years , and it accelerates further . 
  baltics can do it too . 
  ukraine is a new poland with much much more natural resources . 
  it is very poor country now , but its people have potential ( based on immigrant and assimilated ukrainians i meet frequently ) . 
  if ukraine could be stabilised and get on the right path of economical growth and fight of corruption , it would be a huge win for eu in the long term . 
  is there any legal and realistic possibility to get lgbt rally in russia sanctioned , under current laws ? 
  this event of 1968 , when moscow ( our friend and ally ! ), 
  sent 500.000 soldiers with tanks and other heavy arms to czechoslovakia , peaceful nation that didnt have any handguns or anything , was a big painful lection for us . 
  when velvet revolution in 1989 happened ( with zero casualties ! ), 
  and we got our freedom and democracy again , we kicked russian army of 75.000 out , and then we searched how we can prevent another russian ( or german for that matter ) invasion in the future . 
  we dont like when our people are killed , you know ? 
  and the only way how our tiny nation could guarantee our safety , was nato . 
  and european unity and friendship . 
  nato didnt want us as their member . 
  but we begged for years and at the end , we guilt-tripped them to accept us . 
  with the recent development in russia and its aggresive wars with several neighbours , i am eternally grateful our past politicians managed to get us into nato . 
  we got peace . 
  putin is openly psychologically prepairing russians for an aggresive war . 
  he may or may not act on it , but better be prepaired then sorry later . 
  zeman \u00b4 s presidential election campaign was financed by russian money , his main official adviser is ceo of czech lukoil branch . 
  of course he sings ode on putin \u00b4 s goverment . 
  his opinion diametrally differs from opinion of most czechs . 
  russian state , you can go f * uck yourself . 
  from prague , with lov . . ( not ) . 
  i cant find anything recent on growth of productivity . 
  some random facts : employment rate grew 1,0 % year on year ( april 2015 ) . 
  average salary grew 2,3 % year on year , 1,8 % if adjusted for inflation ( 2014 vs 2013 ) . 
  domestic car sales grew 22 % year on year ( april 2015 ) . 
  total fertility rate grew to 1,53 from 1,46 ( 2014 versus 2013 ) . 
  crime rate fell 15,2 % year on year , while car thefts and domestic burglary fell circa 30 % ( 1q2015 vs 1q2014 ) . 
  i cross my fingers that problems in greece and ukraine wont affect us much . 
  we need strong growth to slowly close the gap of living standarts between us and western europe . 
  he was born here during commie time and is fully assimilated , no big issue . 
  czechs dont care about genetics and colour of skin itself as long as that person behaves like 100 % czech , in language , values , opinions , religion , clothes and way of life , it is a czech , one of us . 
  but it doesnt change anything about our negative view and refuse to accept hunderts or more refugees from africa and middle east . 
  i dont have an answer to that . 
  i know for sure that eu cant help every single human on this earth that needs help , there is too much of them . 
  to try to save everybody can lead to catastrophe , like people with mental illness of samaritan complex that horde stray dogs or cats to a point of self-destruction . 
  there is goodwill , there is abused naivety , and there is pure stupidity . 
  everybody in europe must find its own sane limits , how much it wants to do charity , without endangering own family and home country . 
  only around 7 % of czechs support the idea of accepting any refugees , according to latest survey . 
  you might find it disgusting , you might not belive it , you might even start a campaign to change opinion of our majority . 
  i am only stating how things are right now . 
  we dont live in an ideal world , mate . 
  our president zeman has a hard on russia , because lukoil paid for his election campaign . 
  and our communists still live in the age of `` good russia '' and `` bad west '' . 
  otherwise , it is dead too . 
  you are right , but it is forbidden to change titles of linked articles . 
  support for eu membership among czechs is currently 51 % . 
  more then 1/3 of czechs wish for eu to disband and go back to suvereign states . 
  85 % refuse adoption of euro . 
  we have very few emigrants in wstern europe , pleople like the way of life here and want to preserve it . 
  we are eurosceptic as fuck ( this is not my personal opinion , i am a big eu supporter ) . 
  you wont find many fans of panslavism here , it is a dead idea . 
  our christian minority is small , less then 4 % attend sunday masses . 
  maybe 20 % of czechs believe in some sort of god . 
  actually , it is more accepted among school kids to be homosexual then to be religious . 
  most religious children hide their believe from their peers . 
  we were cheering us soldiers guarding eastern eu border . 
  because they are a guarrantee that russia wont invade us again . 
  last time it did so was in 1968 , and it generated 300.000 czechoslovakian refugees crossing german and austrian border within few days , most of them never returned . 
  i bet western europe doesnt want to have millions of new refugees now , right ? 
  we dont need strongly worded eu letters , we need a reliable ally , the usa . 
  if the eu could be trusted to defend us , we would cheer eu soldiers , but ... 
  an example : if your country pays ransom for a kidnaped citizen , it will save the life of that person . 
  it seems like the only possible morally accepable solution . 
  but at the same time it will encourage all gangsters to kidnap as much of your citizens as possible , because they know they can exort money from you that way . 
  tell me , how would you decide on this issue yourself ? 
  save the life of the kidnaped and bring desaster for any future victims ? 
  or sacrifice that one person and save lives of many potential victims ? 
  personally , i dont think we can help arabs solve their issues . 
  if we try to meddle in , they will only hate us . 
  refugees are future members of our society . 
  their children will be classmates and marriage partners for our children . 
  it makes a lot of sense to categorise them along the line how good they will culturally integrate and assimilate . 
  second generation ukrainians will be 100 % czechs , just with strange surname . 
  he is a slovak btw . 
  but he expresses an opinion that probably 95 % of czech agree with . 
  now imagine bringing in thousands of poor uneducated dark refugees here , that dont speak the language and are mostly muslim . 
  how do your think the locals would treat them ? 
  i agree . 
  can you imagine taking x thousand refugees from afrika and middle east and mix them with average czech working class population ? 
  that would bring a nice explosion of violence , on both sides . 
  racism and xenofobia are indeed rampant here . 
  gypsies are hated , live in ghettos , nobody wants to give them jobs , nobody want to live near them , their children leave education before they turn 15 , they have no future . 
  but at least they speak the language , are mostly atheistic and are not organised enough to create real problems . 
  [ article about gypsy ghettos ] ( http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/zpravy/up-to-115-000-people-live-in-ghettoes-in-czech-republic/1220728 ),
