  so they have it probably even worse with social housing there . 
  not to mention gypsy ghettos , especially in eastern slovakia . 
  no electricity or water , tuberculosis , malnutrion , average longevity under 45 years . 
  slovakia has + 500.000 gypsies . 
  i remember driving with my parents though inland croatia in 90s and seeing wast areas with empty houses damaged by shooting , fields with unharvested corn , no human in sight for 30-40 km , in heavily agricultural countryside . 
  it was surreal , apocalyptical . 
  fun fact : czech tourists were among the first who returned to croatia shortly after the balkan wars in 90s and helped to restart their tourism industry . 
  take your agenda somewhere else , please . 
  most of europe is very safe and getting better each year . 
  as an example , crime rate in czech republic decreased by 16 % within last 12 months , while burglary and car theft alone fell by over 30 % . 
  i dont feel any need to own a weapon , not even a pepper spray ( woman here ) . 
  but if i really wanted , i can own and carry a gun . 
  it is not hard to obtain a licence in my country . 
  ( fun fact , when i was 7 , i won a competition among my peers in a summer camp , in shooting from a riffle on moving targets . ), 
  my impression is that albania is getting progressivey better . 
  it is also a reason why they get more czech tourists recently . 
  thank you for you answers . 
  so , do you think , if both parts agree on reunification , the people in north would then become `` full '' eu citizens ? 
  is it legal , without aproval of the other 27 eu parlaments ? 
  i dont want to say it is good or bad , just i dont know if it is legal to just add new land and people into eu , just because some country gets extention of its area ( that they had no control before , despite what was on paper ), 
  sorry for my ignorance , as i said , cyprus is absolutelly outside of my interest ( most czechs dont even know it is part of eu , i think ) . 
  so , people in northern turkish part have eu passports and use euro now ? 
  do they get eu subsidies , and part of erasmus etc ? 
  i mean , are they part of eu also in practical ways of life , not only on paper ? 
  edit, 
  they actually dont need to press new euro notes . 
  all they need is to produce stamps and put them on greek euro notes . 
  you can use machines that produce ordinary postage stamps . 
  it is very quick solution . 
  when czechoslovakia broke up , a new law for existence of czech and slovak korunas approved on 2th february 1993 , and czechoslovakian banknotes with either czech or slovak stamp were put in use on 8th of february 1993 . 
  only one week later . 
  i was never interested in cyprus . 
  but what would happen in case both parts would reunificate ? 
  what would it mean for the turkish part and its eu membership ? 
  would it stay outside or become a new eu ( schengen , ez ... ) area ? 
  it took ( west ) germany beeing on good behaviour for 60 years for us to trust it again . 
  after fall of our commie regime , we knew we must integrate into western structures as quickly and deeply as possible , before moscow will get stronger again , and eu was the only possibility . 
  now , we have good relation with germany ( as a country ) and most czechs are glad we are good neighbours . 
  but eu is not equal to germany . 
  we wouldnt agree to be annexed by germany and governed from berlin . 
  within eu of 500 mln people , germany has only 80 mln . 
  germany cant make decisions on its own , it is only one member and needs consent of others . 
  russia is mentally fully back in 80s . 
  we have here in my country significantly more russian ( and chinese ) spies active then in 80s , the amount of money and resouces they pour in propaganda and bribing is scaring . 
  russia doesnt listen to reason . 
  the only language they can listen to is power , tactical advantage and blackmail . 
  i wish we could lead a civilised dialogue with them , but that is impossible from their side . 
  i think tsipras will be remmembered as the one person who ( again ) tanked greece . 
  ecb has started their qe in order to help greece and other southerners ( despite german protests ) . 
  absolute majority of eu countries are seeing nice economic results this year ( spain +3,5 % gdp growth , germany +2 % , ireland +5 % , visegrad4 and romania between 3 - 4,5 % ) and this would be a big positive impuls for greek economy too . 
  in addition , terror attacks in north africa would send many new tourists to greece as a safe alternative . 
  the moment syriza was voted in , greece \u00b4 s revival has been killed . 
  good old cold war tactic . 
  if i would go by my intuition , most ukrainians really dislike russians after the events of recent year . 
  i can only imagine it is similar to croatian/serb hate or our dislike for germans after wwii . 
  it took 2 generations to calm down and still today , +70 years later , anti-german rhetoric managed to win our latest presidential elections . 
  russia managed to unite ukrainians like nothing else before . 
  a single state is impossible . 
  the only people who havent concluded successfully upper secondary education in my country are either of very old generation , gypsies , mentaly ill people , or special cases ( crime backround , hard drugs users etc. ) . 
  most of our non-eu immigrants ( +0,5 mln ) are legal gastarbeiters or enterpreneurs . 
  to get a czech working visa , you need a proof of at least full secondary education and signed job contract . 
  this helps to assure that our immigrants have higher employment rate then average czechs and it brings peace between local population and them . 
  while our general unemployment rate is 6 % , people without secondary education have a rate of over 25 % . 
  there are hardly any jobs available for uneducated . 
  who are your ancestors then ? 
  yes , please create a map based on 2015 data . 
  a very nice article . 
  belarus just asked imf for a loan of 3,5 bln usd . 
  a second lean in recent years . 
  they might be in a trouble . 
  to add some more numbers : the czech republic - 56,9 poland - 54,4 hungary - 55,1 cee region is growing fast . 
  i was writing about a russian , that tried to hurt family members of our defense minister . 
  probably because he loved putin and was vatnik ( i think you call them like this ? ) . 
  brainwashed by your propaganda to the point of using violence . 
  thank you , but we dont nead more people like him . 
  this case doesnt help our view on ordinary russians . 
  and your behaviour doesnt help my view on ordinary russians too . 
  btw : russia has the higher crime rate in europe . 
  czechia has 10x less crime , ukraine has 2x less ( according to official statistics ) . 
  if i understand czech articles correctly , that russian was putin \u00b4 s worshiper . 
  and because our minister critized him , he attacked his family , aiming on window of his son \u00b4 s room . 
  if this is a typical russian behaviour ? 
  causing physical harm on people who have different political view ? 
  we are a very peaceful country with low crime , terrorism is unheard of , and i hope it stays like it for a long time . 
  not only ex-soviet countries . 
  most post-communistics countries fight with this heritage , including my country . 
  only estonia and maybe slovenia somehow managed to weed it out and have low corruption and embezzlement rates . 
  i think it is called europol . 
  but maybe it needs more resources and jurisdiction to be more effective . 
  he is our defence minister and second most popular domestic politic figure . 
  of course he understands that russia is our biggest safety threat and he tries to increase spending and personel of our army . 
  he is critizing russian behaviour a lot . 
  the only pro-russia czechs are our president ( his campaign was paid by russian lukoil ) , our minister mladek ( socialist with `` connections '' and `` sources '' ) , our old commies ( russia is our model , no matter who rules it ) and some fringe extreme right parties . 
  ordinary czechs are anti-russian in similar percentage as polish people . 
  unfortunately , russia managed to corrupt some of our politicians . 
  a high treason in my eyes . 
  ferdinand \u00b4 s wife was a czech noblewoman . 
  mother of several children and innocent . 
  how can somebody worship a killer of an innocent woman ? 
  so , a russian immigrant is protesting aganst other immigrants .
