  brexit is an open issue . 
  dropping value of euro compared to dollar is very positive for germany . 
  it will support their export even more then now . 
  the whole eu is running current account surplus , it helps our economies . 
  conclusion - economically , grexit wont have lasting effects after initial volatility . 
  but it might have heavy political impact on several eu countries . 
  we have to wait and see . 
  i am not talking about greece sending money over . 
  greeks are clear about not paying their debt any more , to anybody . 
  they want default . 
  and will get drachma soon . 
  i was talking about money , that rich eu countries are obliged to send to poorer eu countries . 
  agricalture subsidies , structural funds and so on . 
  eu would refuse to pay them and use that money instead to send it to countries that greece refuses to pay back . 
  i think i will rather avoid that subreddit . 
  i grew up in `` real-socialism '' . 
  thank you , but no . 
  * not all eu members took part in the bailout . 
  and there are also outside creditors like the imf . 
  but yes , this is more or less eu funds that get `` confiscated '' to go back to eu members . 
  subsidies , that greece is eligible to receive through signed contracts with eu . 
  eu can \u00b4 t unilateraly kick greece out , and while greece is still a member , it can request all due subsidies . 
  so , no subsidies for greece for several decades . 
  it is similar to an employee who owes money to its boss , and boss tells him he will deduct it from his salary in installments . 
  first i wanted to write a lenghty answer . 
  but this is tiresome . 
  so shortly - your comparison is wrong . 
  this must be agreed upon by greece and other 27 eu members . 
  maybe , the debt can be deducted in installments . 
  what i mean is , due eu subsidies for greece won \u00b4 t be transfered to greece , but to its creditors instead . 
  it would take 2-3 decades , till the rest of the debt would be written off . 
  i would replace greece with costarika . 
  they seem like very decent bunch . 
  our country is not part of the ez , so my opinion doesn \u00b4 t matter much . 
  but greece is like drug addict that slowly destroys its family , that is earnestly trying to help it , but t one moment too much is too much . 
  greece should get out of ez , but remain eu member . 
  the same as poland , czechia or denmark is now . 
  eu yes , but with its own currency . 
  this way , they can spend and print as much money they want . 
  and still get eu subsidies , stay in schengen and all other positive eu perks . 
  win-win . 
  i dont know what else to answer you , then that i hope you stay well and your country will become a better place for ordinary citizens soon . 
  ah , you are right . 
  we recently got some refugees ( with czech roots ) from venezuela . 
  and their stories were pretty dire . 
  can you put more details to it ? 
  i dont remember any eu contract we or poland signed that said that other countries must accept illegal migrants from other eu country , unless they can prove they came from that country . 
  italy is responsible to guard their border and not let illegals in . 
  the same way poland is responsible for their eastern border . 
  if they fail , they are responsible for their fault and muss process illegals themselves . 
  i understand that it is unfair to italy . 
  but it cant be solved by just sending the illegals to all corners of eu . 
  the real solution is either make their border tight . 
  or even better , remove the reason why illegals come here . 
  they come here because germany , sweden and co. are extremely generous to illegals . 
  free housing , free language lessons , free food , even monthly allowance . 
  now compare it with poland or czechia , both extremelly strict with illegals , where most people who want refugee status are refused and deported behind eu border . 
  refugee status is abused by illegals that wouldnt be allowed in if they asked for schengen visa . 
  we must punish those who use illegal ways , not reward them !, 
  poland ( and other easterners ) think that accepting illegals from italy is bad idea , because it would lift the urgency of solving the whole problem of illegals within eu . 
  it would enable eu just put head into sand and pretend the situation is `` solved '' . 
  our czech goverment is prepairing for an ukrainian mass exodus since 1 year ago . 
  capacity and resources are being increased and shelter possibilities created . 
  this reminds me of an accident in the uk last year . 
  a czech man was killed by a local dude , because he though he was polish . 
  eurozone can so so afford losing 300 bln in greece , even when it means losing around 2-3 % of gdp of all countries who helped out greece . 
  but eu cant bail out italy or spain , they are too big . 
  maybe you should read the sources you give me . 
  let me put this here :  a 90 % absorption rate in cee-6 would spur average gdp growth by 0.3-0 .8 pp per year . 
   among the cee-6 countries , only poland managed to draw two thirds ( 67.9 % ) of its eu funds allocated for the previous 2007-2013 period as of the end of 2013 . 
  the baltics are regional champions in eu funds utilization . 
  hungary ( 59.3 % ) , slovakia ( 52.6 % ) and the czech republic ( 51.1 % ) managed to absorb more than half the eu funds they were allocated while romania lagged behind with 37.8 % of funds utilised . 
  czech republic would get a boost of 0,3 % of gdp if we managed to absorb 90 % of available funds for 2014 . 
  but we absorb only 50 % . 
  so in reality , our gdp will rise only by 0,17 % annually . 
  that is not significant . 
  especially , when the majority is wasted . 
  ( i have worked with eu funds for a few months on the receiving end . ), 
  there are different sources of forecasts , for example . 
  latest forecast by [ oecd  ( http://www.bne.eu/content/story/oecd-calls-investment-boost-growth ) czech republic : + 3,1 % slovakia : + 3 % poland : + 3,5 % hungary : + 3 % latest forecast by our local [ unicredit bank  ( http://www.investujeme.cz/rust-ekonomiky-stredni-a-vychodni-evropy-v-roce-2015-je-castecnym-prekvapenim/ ) poland : + 3,8 % romania : + 3,7 % slovakia : + 3,2 % czech republic : + 3,8 % hungary : + 3,2 %, 
  what recession ? 
  all countries in central eastern europe are predicted to grow their real gdp with over 3 % this year . 
  eu subsidies are under 2 % of their gdp . 
  so even if all funds are cut right now , most people wont even realize it here . 
  i personally support eu and schengen and all that and believe in strong cooperation and friendship . 
  but i would be so glad if all money transfers between eu countries would be just abolished . 
  it creates so much corruption , 80 % of funds are wasted this way . 
  more then 50 % of czechs have the same opinion like me . 
  official refugees and people claiming they are refugees ( before a decision is taken ) have right to housing , food , clothing and allowance paid by our goverment . 
  a normal czech citizen or legal immigrant doesnt have such right . 
  special refugee status was planned to be given for a few dozens , maybe few hundert people in a year , and only for a few weeks/months . 
  to unfortunate people who faced severe persecution in their home country , fled without any possesion and needed temporary help to find a job and place to live . 
  the system was never meant for large crowds of people who pay smugglers to get illegally here . 
  i dont know details about slovakia , but czechia has no system of social housing . 
  we have thousands of homeless people on streets , because there is no place for them . 
  dozens die in winters due to freezing . 
  there are ( very rare ) temporary hostels for tortured single mothers in need . 
  there are ( low ) subsidies for pensioners who cant affort rent . 
  but this still leaves many people in very dire situation . 
  actually , we have hunderts/thousands homeless slovaks in prague , becuase they say it is easier to survive here then in bratislava .
