  eu has pushed all interest on its loans into future , for several years you pay zero interest here . 
  you have two possibilities . 
  do austerity and slowly get your finances under control . 
  or stop austerity and default on your loans . 
  your choice . 
  yes , it is valid for other countries . 
  but the exact time of delay depends on law framework in a country . 
  the more rigid rules and barriers to fire an employee , the longer companies wait . 
  [ you can read the basics on imf page . 
  ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/basics/unemploy.htm ), 
  you are partially wrong again . 
  employment rate for people between 15 and 64 increased by 1,7 % in one year ( when i look at eurostat figures for 1q2015 and 1q2016 ) . 
  you have emigration , yes . 
  to stop emigration , you need low unemployment , good wages and calm society . 
  you speak with person from post-commie country , we know everything about emigration . 
  really , listen to me , greeks now can \u00b4 t make any mistake . 
  don \u00b4 t endanger this positive developemnt by some stupidity of yours . 
  pray hard that greek economy recovers before some new worldwide or euwide crisis comes . 
  because next time , your country can get it even worse . 
  yup . 
  at least in czech economy , it takes 6-9 months , before we see unemployment rate reacting on changes in economy . 
  one or two good/bad months are seen by managers like normal fluctuation and will be covered by overtime or written off from reserves . 
  but 6 consequent months is enought to get companies to decide changes in their hiring/firing policy . 
  your pesimism is unwarranted . 
  greek unemployment rate is decreasing nicely . 
  [ check this graph !, 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate ) if you can achieve 2,5 % annual decrease in unemployment , greece can get okeyish in around 7 years . 
  small budget surplus achieved is very good news for all greeks . 
  it means the first and most painful milestone is achieved and from now on it will get better and easier . 
  it means that greece doen \u00b4 t need to addopt new cuts and increase taxes even more then now . 
  it can wait a little bit , see development in next years and then slowly relax its austerity measures step by step in next years . 
  the greek economy is apparently turning for the better , the rock bottom was hit and surpasssed . 
  with growing economy , unemployment rate should slowly decrease too ( unemployment is delayed by around 2 quartals behind development of real gdp ) . 
  celebrate !, 
  the graph you linked shows figures that are not seasonally adjusted . 
  and number of young people without job fluctuates depending on season . 
  it is the highest after students graduate ( = 3q ) and than it goes down . 
  eurostat on the other hand shows seasonaly adjusted figures , thus their numbers are smooth and don \u00b4 t fluctuate like this . 
  wrong , you can \u00b4 t compare registered unemployment with ilo unemployment rate ( eurostat and oecd use ilo definition ) . 
  switzerland had youth unemployment rate of 8,245 % in 1q 2016 according to oecd . 
  i know that macedonia is a small country , has high unemployment and jobs are probably filled by people that have connections . 
  but 500 is still quite low . 
  big czech portal www.prace.cz has now 67.000 active job ads . 
  czech state job office has online list of 135.000 open positions . 
  get eu passport , learn some czech ( easy for speakers of other slavic languages ) and come here , we have serious shortage of skilled workforce . 
  czech republic saw only very limited decrease of asylum applications this year : 662 till may ( that is 17 less compared with last year ) . 
  205 ukrainians 130 iraqis 60 chinese 31 vietnamese 28 syrians 26 cubans 23 russians 21 georgians 17 armenians 12 afghans, 
  russia and belarus have free movement agreement . 
  so polish border is the first one where they have to show passport on their way to western europe . 
  golden eagles love carrion , so i don \u00b4 t doubt you can find ungulate meat in their diet . 
  but i have friends among falconers . 
  some of them use golden eagle females to hunt roedeer . 
  and they say it is very difficult to train them to do it , because ungulates are not among their normal pray in the wild . 
  so they must train them since they are young and use tricks for them to even attack such pray . 
  and they must help them to kill roedeer by knife , because eagles are unable to do it themselves in most cases . 
  really ? 
  in our country , we have golden eagles , imperial eagles , white-tailed sea eagles and lesser spotted eagles . 
  there is no evidence of them killing or even attacking sheep . 
  we have state program that compensates for damages caused by protected species . 
  there was never ever any sheep/goat killed by eagles in decades . 
  norway must have different , mutant monster eagles , i guess . 
  what have golden eagles to do with sheep or reindeer farming ? 
  and why is norway going in this way ? 
  in our country , we fight with illegal killings of eagles , wolves , lynx and otters . 
  if news like this get into czech newspapers , poachers will feel vindicated . 
  it is not only looks . 
  it is culture too , we dont have arranged marriages or strong pressure from parents who to date . 
  poles and other ee will intermarry in second generation with majority population . 
  we dont create separate society where czech children will marry other czechs . 
  this is different for indians or muslims , where parents prefere potential son/daughter in law to be somebody from their own circle/culture . 
  why ? 
  most were coming from turkey on inflatable dingies to greek islands . 
  that is just few km on calm water . 
  actually , those numbers show only registered immigrants . 
  it excludes people that came legally in ( tourist visa or no visa ) , on forget documents , as blind pasagiers or sneaked over landborder in without anybody noticing . 
  slovakia for example found a crashed helicopter near ukrainian border with ca 10 dead corpses last year , all from south asia . 
  the stream of illegals into eu is very strong . 
  there are 6.000 brits working in prague alone , another ca 600 british students . 
  they are here , because they could just hop on a plane and live here , get a job , apartment etc. 
  british students even get competely free education here and subsidised accomodation and meals , they are treated equally to czech students . 
  the uk opened their land to us and we opened to brits . 
  both sides agreed and signed . 
  the uk even was our important ally in accesion into eu . 
  and now they made a complete u-turn on their word . 
  i feel cheated . 
  [ we will . 
  after the uk leaves , the czech repubic and slovenia will become net contributors to eu budget . 
  just saying ... can we demand now ? 
  eu is about compromises . 
  each country says what they wish the union should be , and at the and there will be a compromise somewhere in the middle that all countries can accept . 
  i think she is very good politician and i wish we had at least as good pm in our country . 
  she had only two wrong decisions in last two decades . 
  energiewende and migration policy last summer . 
  eu has one thousand ills and problems . 
  but it is still the best thing that happened in europe in last 1000 years . 
  my country was enforcing significant budget cuts during last crisis . 
  i \u00b4 m ok with it . 
  it helped to keep our total debt manageable . 
  unfortunatelly , we now have soc dem party in goverment that supports debt creation during boom . 
  this , that is the stupidest politic i can think of .
