  according to latest info i saw , number of legal foreign employees in cz increased by 62.000 last year . 
  it could be 100.000 this year . 
  but it \u00b4 s still not enought . 
  hard language and low salaries are the biggest obstacle . 
  belarus is actually not so bad in some aspects . 
  according to people who visited recently : unemployment is very very low . 
  towns and cities are very clean and neat . 
  life is calm . 
  russians consider belarus better to live in then their own country ( with exception of moscow and petersburg ) . 
  one very important issue is also structural unemployment which is different between countries . 
  in czech republic , we have low unemployment rate . 
  but it masks our problems with structurally weak regions and an army of low educated people who are years without work and got used to live on state allowances , or get paid off books . 
  towns like karvina , usti , most or karvina have +10 % unemployment rate , despite our economic boom and labour shortage elsewhere . 
  how comes that canary islands do so poorly ? 
  with all the tourism redirected from north africa/turkey , it should boom . 
  prague is in top 5 most visited cities in europe . 
  also , over 15 % of permanent residents are foreigners . 
  maybe 30 % of students are from abroad ( our universitees are free , even for non-eu people ) . 
  several hundert thousand people commute from suburbs . 
  a lot of gray economy , substantial illegal immigrant communities . 
  prague is/was biggest porn producer in europe , also meth/pervitin capital of europe . 
  very popular among mafia bosses from balkan and ex-ussr . 
  anonymity , huge turnaround of people , babylon of languages and ethinicies . 
  prague used to be really wild in 1990s . 
  what you see now , is only a shadow of past glory . 
  give it another 10 years and prague will be as safe as warszawa . 
  i don \u00b4 t think that people would commit less crime because they fear capital punishment . 
  most murders are commited under affect , and within family or friends . 
  on the other hand , public canning and other shaming that singapore uses to punish crime seems to work . 
  asians are all about not loosing their face . 
  while i envy singapore for their low crime , i still prefer to live where i live . 
  personal freedom , missing physical punishment , second chances . 
  we don \u00b4 t need singaporean policy to lead safe life . 
  our police is improving its work it seems . 
  and our population is getting more law abiding with time . 
  youth crime decreased from 22.000 cases 20 years ago , to 3.000 - 4.000 cases per year now . 
  when current criminals retire , they won \u00b4 t find many new recruits to continue . 
  ok , i \u00b4 ve compared the figures between warszawa and praha ( praha - official city area , doesn \u00b4 t count suburbs , ca 1,3 million ) , and then calculated rates per million inhabitants . 
  prague has almost 2-time more registered crime , so we `` win '' hands down . 
  that goes for overall theft , car theft and burglary , in all these we are worse then warzawa . 
  damage to health is almost equal in both cities ( prague has slightly lower number ) . 
  while we have only half of robberies . 
  and we had only a single fight last year , at least officialy . 
  why would he film swimming pool in slovakia ? 
  don \u00b4 t they have swimming pools in the uk or what ? 
  doesn \u00b4 t make sense . 
  i haven \u00b4 t seen those billboards , but when you describe it like this , i have to laught too . 
  why would anybody downvote you ? 
  yes , there is international crime , and a lot of it comes from eastern europe . 
  we have it too , 30 % of prague criminals are foreign , that is just integral part of open borders , tourism and immigration . 
  our police had to learn how to cope with it . 
  we have dozens of germans in our prisons too , but in most cases , germany agrese to take them back so they can serve their term in germany . 
  but , i think you are wrong when you think that crime decrease in eastern europe is because our criminals just moved west . 
  empirical data , coming from your own police records , don \u00b4 t agree with you . 
  actually , prague is by far the most crime-ridden place within the czech republic . 
  the rest of our country sees 3-times less crime then the city , even the suburbs of prague are much safer compared with tourist-packed center . 
  those numbers seem to be quite old . 
  don \u00b4 t we have newer ones ? 
  because crime in eastern countries is undergoing a very quick development , and homicide decreases a lot recently . 
  i think estonia is already under 4 , and poland is under 1 . 
  so far i would guess he was half german half iranian , who felt himself german , and who got mobbed in turkish majority school ( by turkish male gangs , i guess ) . 
  two days ago , we had a murder in prague . 
  a woman randomly killed another woman in shopping centre . 
  just when she was released from mental clinic and two weeks after another murder attempt . 
  she said she used to be regularly raped ( i guess when she was child ) and that it made her just want to kill indiscriminately , and she had sexual deviation now ( necrofilia ) . 
  child victims of horrible treatment , be it sexual or just constant bullying/abuse , often become psychopaths and as adults repeat the cycle of aggresion and abuse . 
  sad world . 
  1997 was our first economic crisis after revolution . 
  unlike other commie countries , our transition was rather smooth and painless at first . 
  even dissolution of czechoslovakia went quickly and without negative influence on us . 
  but in 1997 , our central bank kept koruna exchange rate wrongly fixed . 
  when it let it go , it caused shock , a full-blown banking crisis with state bailouts , sky high inflation and recession . 
  our unemployment rate trippled within 2 years . 
  it was the moment people lost hope we would catch up with germany in any reasonable timeframe . 
  2013 was eurozone crisis . 
  we are not part of the eurozone , but we have extremelly open economy that relies a lot on automotive and other industry , exports to other eu countries make 80 % of our gdp . 
  when eurozone countries got economic flu and their people cut spending , our economy got serious pneumonia , so to speak . 
  i think prefferency between a bad job and unemployent depends partially on cultural backround . 
  in france , people expect good job , and if there is none , they don \u00b4 t have a problem to stay on benefits for some months and wait for the `` right job '' . 
  all the while they function normally and their family and society accepts this as normal . 
  in czechia , being without job is seen as a big shame . 
  you basically lose your worth in eyes of other people if you can \u00b4 t find a job for more then few weeks . 
  your family will express sympathy ( in belittling way ) , friends and community will gossip about what might be wrong with you . 
  this leads to rather low unemployment rate . 
  but also people are more unhappy with their jobs . 
  and a lot of people are overqualified for their current jobs . 
  exodus from eastern eu countries towards west has slowed down considerably . 
  only romania and bulgaria still lose a lot of people , but this will go down eventually too , in a few years . 
  the most developed post-comie countries like cz , estonia and slovenia have already net immigrantion gains . 
  with time , it will happen in other coutries too , with improving economy and living standarts . 
  it is actually sounthern eu countries that are currently facing the biggest exodus . 
  spain , greece , italy and portugal . 
  but internal emigration is still better for all involved than to sit 10 years at home on dole . 
  long-time unemployment is very harmfull for person involved and for society too . 
  most turks in germany are for erdogan . 
  he got over 70 % of their votes last elections . 
  my colleage is now vacationing for two weeks in albania , rafting on river , with a lot of friends . 
  unspoiled nature is a big devise for tourism . 
  slashing public sector = austerity so , you agree with me . 
  but you already got pause on interest payments .
