  that all means - every immigrant can come to our country legally . 
  no need to endanger their life on boat or use fake passport . 
  on the other hand , illegal immigrants get treated harshly , jailed and deported , because we don \u00b4 t want to reward people breaking our laws . 
  accepting and spending tax money on `` refugees '' from mediterrain boats is immoral in eyes of czech people . 
  because that would reward bad behaviour and disregard rule of law . 
  not to mention most of these people will despise our country , because they wanted to go to germany and sweeden and not to us . 
  how long do you thing people are willing to help people that despise our country and would probably get violent when we don \u00b4 t let them go west . 
  no goverment in ee will agree with forced allocation of `` refugees '' , like no ee goverment would agree to forced surrender of part of their country , these issues are seen too important and not for eu to meddle in . 
  if goverment will agree , they will lose next elections . 
  and the next goverment would be some shade of far right . 
  i really don \u00b4 t want fascists governing my country . 
  which means that if italy , germany etc. 
  continue to blackmail our countries , voters will get angry . 
  instead of accepting quota , they will ask for referendum to exit the eu . 
  czechs were majority eurosceptics already years ago . 
  but , if you want to desintegrate the eu , please continue . 
  so we are number one destination country in the eu to settle down for russians ? 
  huh , til . 
  and number two for ukrainians and belorussians ( after poland with their easy work visa ) . 
  til . 
  i can \u00b4 t imagine any eu country that would prohibit its citizens to leave the country just because of debt . 
  it would be against constitution . 
  the only reason would be they commited serious crime and are under investigation or ordered to go to jail . 
  my grandfather had to escape the terror and atrocities that russian invaders in hungary caused . 
  he escaped to czechoslovakia , only to meet russian tanks again in 1968 . 
  fuck russians that glorify these invasions . 
  strong seasonal peak of unemployment rate during winter months is typical for practically all countries in central europe . 
  construction industry , tourism and agriculture often hires blue collar people only during warmer months . 
  and these people go to job office during winter and ask for wellfare payments . 
  exactly . 
  gypsies enslaving other gypsies . 
  very sad . 
  also gypsy victims tend to not seek help from official agencies/police , they don \u00b4 t trust the system and rule of law , or they simply don \u00b4 t know whom to ask for help . 
  if they are not protected by their family net , they become far more vulnerable and helpless then other people . 
  military camps for kids were/are very popular in the whole eastern block . 
  i grew up up in 1980s and i took part in my first military training camp when i was 7 , and second year i even won first price ( lollipop ) in precision shooting from long arms among all girls . 
  is this regular sport camp with military flair or real political indoctrination camp ? 
  i guess the second . 
  gays are one of the main point of current anti-west propaganda of both russian goverment and russian orthodox church . 
  russia demonizes them to very high degree . 
  look at that picture . 
  what are bad characteristics of the eu in their eyes ? 
  rich pigs ( = uncultured rich people ) . 
  and gays ( = immoral ) . 
  we don \u00b4 t have krampus . 
  but every czech town and village has groups of devils in masks going around with angels and mikul\u00e1\u0161 on st.nicolaus evening and visiting families . 
  most of them don \u00b4 t have traditional old costumes anymore ( that look identical to krampus ) , but some rural villages still use these old ones . 
  his campain was financed by lukoil money , even that little piece of info should be enough to never vote for him . 
  russian money brings russian habits into our country . 
  he doesn \u00b4 t have an unce of moral left . 
  can we kick him our of his president position somehow ? 
  why can \u00b4 t we have a new havel or masaryk ? 
  that index shows weird results . 
  i mean the czech republic has acute shortage of skilled workforce , but we are near the bottom . 
  you can \u00b4 t start to teach discipline when puberty hits , that is too late . 
  i don \u00b4 t see any advantage of gender separated education . 
  in opposite - it is very good that children grow up together . 
  that way both genders learn how to behave normally around each other , without nervosity or excitement . 
  we are not doing bad . 
  aha , thanks for explanation . 
  i \u00b4 m unsure about that 50 % unemployment rate . 
  i understand that official rate in belarus is around 1 % and it seems bogus number . 
  but 50 % seems wrong too . 
  how does it work ? 
  i mean what happens if you refuse this forced labour ? 
  you will only lose financial support ? 
  or you will go to prison ? 
  belarus has several times more murders per capita then cz . 
  actually , old custom in hungary was for married woman to accept the whole husband name , both first and second name . 
  nobody used her first name anymore after wedding . 
  she was just a woman owned by her husband . 
  `` n\u00e9 '' means owned . 
  she took hunband name for example varga imrich and would become varga imrichn\u00e9 in everyday life . 
  but i \u00b4 ve heard this old custom is dying out . 
  the problem of eu are big differences between member countries and criplling govermental debts in some of them . 
  while some other eu countries go strong . 
  the unemployment rate in cz is now even a tad lower then before the crisis . 
  our state budget will post a surplus at the end of this year - thanks to austerity measures taken few years back . 
  good good . 
  czech companies are rooted deeply in german supply chain so it helps us too . 
  if it continues like this , we might see unemployment rate of under 3 % in cz soon - comparable to japan or singapore . 
  i think it is due to undervalued currency and low oil prices . 
  we have more manufacturing then any other eu country ( when you compare % of gdp ) . 
  cars and machinery exports soar , this increases demand for labour , it increases wages , companies also achieve good profits and thus pay more in taxes . 
  we will experience interesting times when \u010cnb stops koruna devaluating ( maybe next year ) . 
  that shock won \u00b4 t be nice for our economy . 
  switzerland put austerity ( = balanced budget ) into local law more then 10 years ago , after public voting in favour of it . 
  it works nicely for them . 
  germany and sweden had balanced their budgets last year . 
  estonia gets regularly small budget surpluses . 
  czech republic will probably reach small surplus only this year and is forecasted to continue to do so . 
  it is possible to balance state budget , with little bit of fiscal responsibility . 
  if our rather corrupt country with greedy social democratic goverment can achieve it , most european countries can as well . 
  we have now typical autumn weather here , non-stop rain and dark cloudy sky , ca 5-10 degrees during day and 3-5 at night - in prague . 
  mountains have heavy wet snow that breaks trees and sub-zero temperatures at night . 
  we had snow in cz on hills and mountains that are over 600 meters high . 
  some village in krkono\u0161e mountains had ca 25 cm of snow . 
  so , why not to start a party that promises zero net migration ? 
  or even expulsion of people without citizenship ? 
  missed oportunity .
