  an example : czech state offices stopped to issue tourist visas for ukrainians ever since crimea/donbas conflict started . 
  both individual tourists and organised by tourist agencies . 
  because they fear some of them might overstay their tourist visa and start working illegaly or apply for asylum . 
  it hurts our tourist industry and good relations with ukraine . 
  but it is not unreasonable policy and it has majority support . 
  the same attitude apply to turkey . 
  visa-free entry is a big no . 
  and in case turkey would get into large-scale armed conflict , we would stop even tourists visas too , to stop illegal immigation . 
  individual russian is much closer to me then individual turk . 
  we would get along perfectly , due to similar language , food , traditions and general vibe . 
  but regarding goverment , political stance and collective hivemind of societies in both russia and turkey - those countries are equally allien and non-compatible with us like china or india would be . 
  i find this decision reasonable . 
  our country voted no , but majority voted yes and we agreed to lisbon , so we are tied by that decision . 
  it is not nice situation , but we must behave according to our laws and signed treaties . 
  do you know why is unemployment so low in russia ? 
  despite the crisis , it is only around 5 % still . 
  so germany had no plan to balance their budget at all , it happened against their will . 
  good one . 
  yup , austerity is literaly evil incarnated . 
  stimulating economy by overblown loans and subsequent defaulting on them is more fun . 
  my country applied austerity in the latest crisis while our most important export partner ( germany ) did the same . 
  now , we suffer 4,5 % gdp growth and 4,8 % unemployment . 
  our goverment 5-year bonds have negative yield , what an atrocity . 
  and worst of all , new pregnancies are 10 % up . 
  we expect baby boom next year , might be our strongest class in 20 years . 
  germany will never agree with closing borders with czechia and poland , unless their goverment goes full bonkers . 
  not because of good heart or signed treaties . 
  but because of heavy german investment in cee countries and dependency of german industry on timely supplies from our region . 
  is it possible to break that number down according to each country of origin ? 
  eu countries show strong heterogenesis . 
  ireland is growing in chinese tempo while greece is still in recession . 
  germany grows due to 3rd country exports while `` new europe '' grows due to exploding domestic consumption . 
  there exists no uniform cure to get problematic countries back in shape . 
  some are ill because of corruption , some grapple with overblown state regulation , some were just hit by one-off russian recession etc. 
  there are several million ukrainian refugees . 
  2 million are in russia . 
  probably ? 
  1 million in eu , both legally ( visa ) and illegally . 
  most stay within ukraine , but displaced and living pretty desperate lives . 
  the main problem is poverty of average ukrainians , the war , inflation and economic meltdown has made ukraina extremely poor . 
  average salaries are ca 30-50 usd per month according to my friend who visited this summer . 
  and situation of pensioners is catastrophical , they cant afford medine and heating , and only the shittiest food . 
  i dont have any literal sources , just memories . 
  and i dont have agenda . 
  it all happened centuries ago . 
  the village where my grandfathers family come from is v\u00e9rtessz\u0151l\u0151s . 
  wiki says `` a t\u00f6r\u00f6k korban sokszor feld\u00falt\u00e1k '' and google translates it as `` the turks devastated many times '' and that it was repopulated by slovak colonists . 
  while my family , by surname and old accent , is clearly moravian ( from near slovakian border ) , so i dont know if i should believe wiki in this . 
  but i dont remember the name of place in mountains nearby where that cave with mass grave was , is many years ago i was there . 
  there was a metal statue of eagle on top of the mountain , metal plaque with traditional legend of ottomans torturing a child for the mother to reveal the location of the cave where women and children from several villages were hiding to escape the genocide . 
  and it was popular place with tourists , with large parkingplace and hiking paths around in woods . 
  but it doesnt help much i quess . 
  i know practically nothing about history of ottoman empire . 
  but my grandfather comes from a village in northern hungary that used to be under ottoman empire for some time . 
  his ancestors came from moravia after habsburgs pushed ottomans back and reclaimed that land . 
  that land was completely empty of people at that time . 
  so hungarians/habsburgs invited colonists from many european countries to settle there , on highly productive land near danube river . 
  there are german villages , italian villages , croatian villages etc. , some old people still use those languages , young people are assimilated through . 
  it used to be empty land because ottomans got fed with revolts of original inhabitants - hungarians and slovaks . 
  so they cleansed the area by 100 % killing of men , women and children from all existing villages , on area bigger then 50 km long . 
  there are some mass graves , my grandfather took me there as a child , to a cave where they killed hunderts of children and women by fire , where he explained the history of his village and roots of my unusual surname . 
  i think ottomans were most brutal of all overlords in this part of europe . 
  thirty years war and violent recatholisation saw death of ca 30 % of population . 
  nazis killed less then 10 % . 
  only ottomans did ran systematic complete removal of people here . 
  where do you live ? 
  ( just general info ) because your town seems fucked . 
  you are mistaken . 
  people might call police if they think it is illegal immigrant . 
  but otherwise , we are cool . 
  look at [ this video , 3:00 minute ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttmkzoaa7ky ) . 
  blacks are ok even in `` deep south '' , even accepted into family of native girlfriend . 
  i dont know if i can junge whole country by their football hooligans . 
  because czech hooligans are practically all neo-nazi . 
  the worst group of young men we have . 
  only some radical anarchists can be on par with them in agressivity . 
  i just pretend he is not my president . 
  he is such a big shame . 
  wrong . 
  poland has their lipka tatars , for centuries , plus new immigrants in thousands . 
  czech republic has circa 25.000 muslims , immigrants from last 50 years . 
  hungary has around 60.000 of them , both old and new . 
  i dont know about other v4 countries , but our security forces have a lot of work with radicals and foreign agents . 
  palestinians and some arab radical/crime groups like to use prague as their meeting , hiding , transfer and business point . 
  we helped to get info or catch a good number of them for other countries . 
  also , our new muslim immigrants are infiltrated and followed , if they show signs of radicalisation . 
  hate speach and radical publications are investigated as serious crime . 
  last year , police raided mosque during main prayer and arrested such criminals . 
  despite outcry and demostrations about free speach and freedom of religion , they landed in court and jail . 
  we know about dangers of radical islamists and try our best to stemm it at the beginning . 
  one of the passports was fake . 
  thus , we dont know the real identity and nationality of that attacker yet . 
  but we know he came through greece along with the mass of refugees . 
  i would be content if our salaries would reach at least 1/2 of german and austrian salaries . 
  because now , in two identical villages , few km apart just across the green border , and their salaries are 4x as high . 
  i understand it is based on productivity . 
  but when everything else is the same ( density , landscape , lack of ports ... ) , the difference is just too large . 
  we must work hard on convergence . 
  slovaks are doing very well within eurozone . 
  wrong .
