  czechs are germanized slavs , we never heard about squatting ourselves . 
  maybe for balkan it is true . 
  but central europe , that fell under soviets , suffered a long agony . 
  right after wwii , czechoslovakians were collecting food and aid for austrians , because we were wealthier then them and interested in charity . 
  this would be unthinkable now , when czech average salary is only 1000 euro before tax . 
  austrians earn 3 - 4 times more then us . 
  for me , western europe starts at german/czech border . 
  and eastern europe starts at slovakian/ukrainian border . 
  i am unsure about baltics and eastern and northern balkan , i would traditionally place them as eastern . 
  but eu membership mixed that a little . 
  nature . 
  sci fi and related literature . 
  vysotskyj , folk and church songs . 
  the article behind the title clearly states that what is regretted are atrocities that happened during the deportation . 
  not deportation itself . 
  most czechs agree with removal of germans from czech lands after wwii . 
  the title of the article is misleading . 
  is your last sentence just your guess or is it based on some sort of knowledge/have you heard it somewhere ? 
  while prague lost 50 % of russian tourists within 1 year , it is because of fall of rouble , not because they would fear any violence here . 
  not cool . 
  btw thanks for your comments that put many russian news into a context , that most outsiders are missing when reading it . 
  that doesnt make sense . 
  if eu dissapeared , and we woudnt be an independent country , what orthoxerox envisioned for us ? 
  annnexed by germany ? 
  visegrad + romania federation ? 
  i would like to have free trade and free movement agreements with all 4 mentioned countries . 
  maybe on the level of eea . 
  that would be cool . 
  now , i am curious . 
  what would happen with my country ? 
  i think our country should wait a few years , or even better , our pairlament shoud pass the law , without referendum . 
  no need to waste money now . 
  we have law regarding registered partnership already . 
  last year \u00b4 s survey found 73 % support registered partnership . 
  53 % support adoption right ( now banned ) for registered pairs . 
  and only 45 % support same-sex marriage . 
  give it a few years , and support for same-sex marriage will grow significantly over 50 % . 
  the most numerous foreign spies in my country are russians ( 1 . ), 
  and chinese ( 2 . ) . 
  while chinese are interessted mostly in industry espionage , russians are interessted in strategic issues , people with power etc. 
  and they are investing heavy funds in propaganda , gaining favors and data mining . 
  if there is one country that is dangerous to the czech republic in near future , it is russia . 
  i dont go about my everyday life in constant fear of russia . 
  but if somebody ask the same question as op did , this is my answer . 
  thank all gods we managed to get nato and eu membership . 
  it guarranties our safety and i can sleep sound . 
  if anybody in russia thinks banning abortions would increase number of children , please take a look at poland . 
  highly religious population , abortions banned , and still second lowest number of children born per woman among eu countries . 
  women with unwanted pregnancy will always find a way . 
  abortion pills can be ordered through internet easilly , for less then 100 usd . 
  this sounds terrible . 
  in all my life ( i am 35 ) i have been victim of crime only once . 
  theft of a car ( a few days after a big amnesty ) . 
  my family and friends have similar experience . 
  i cant imagine being victim more then once per year , even sexual assaults ? 
  central bohemia 2 . 
  central bohemia 3 . 
  central bohemia or prague, 
  high youth unemployment in saudi arabia ? 
  what is the reason ( if i understood you corrently , this is a rather new phenomenon ) ? 
  what negative attitude ? 
  moldavia is poor and needs help . 
  czech prisons have enough moldavians inside . 
  is it not better to just help the country to reach better standarts of living , then to solve the consequences ? 
  we cant kick moldova from europe . 
  but there should be a way to lift it from poverty . 
  many european countries send tons of development aid to some god-forgotten third world states . 
  why not to redirect at least part of it towards moldova ? 
  if not because of altruism , then because of cold calcul that such investment will pay off in long term . 
  having such a desperate , lawless country in our continent , is an uncessary security risk . 
  extreme powerty breeds crime , mafias , human trafficing , tb , hiv etc. 
  whole europe would benefit if moldova could be brough on the same level as romania is now ( still rather poor , but light years away from moldavian current state . ), 
  why ? 
  hungary is an excellent country for tourism . 
  i have relatives both in south slovakia and north hungary , so i visit that area frequently . 
  i make often day trips to see the surrounding cities , nature etc. 
  and i enjoy it greatly . 
  ireland has more children per woman . 
  but sweden gets tons and tons of immigants . 
  all these flash estimates are without much detail , so it is hard to tell which specific region of a country is behind the growth . 
  best chance would be to look on latest regional y/y change of unemployment . 
  in czechia , for example , all regions saw a big drop in unemployment compared with same month in 2014 , it was not limited to just some specific area . 
  and it droped for all sorts of economy , including agricalture/forestry employees . 
  most cited reasons for the recent growth are here : weaker euro ( = more exports ) , low oil price , strong demand from germany and strong internal consumption . 
  when you look at a map , you can see that all visegrad countries + romania are growing at 3-4 % . 
  so i think it is not like `` czechia is doing good and so south poland gets a lift too '' . 
  or `` it is based only on strong manufacturing sector '' . 
  it \u00b4 s probably that the whole area of central europe has met with favourable conditions for strong growth . 
  it would be actually nice to get back to 6-7 % annual gdp growth like before the crisis . 
  we have a long way to reach similar standart of living as germany/austria . 
  yes , it is . 
  many other wealthy countries in the eu would wish it was them . 
  sweden also sees its population growing 1 % annually . 
  the highest population growth in the eu , topped only by luxembourg with 2,5 % . 
  i think poland is probably in top 5 eu countries too . 
  romania - 4,2 % ireland - not published yet , but probably around 4 % malta - not published yet , but probably around 4 % czech republic - 3,9 % poland - 3,5 % luxembourg - not published yet , but probably around 3,5 % hungary - 3,1 % sweden - not published yet , but probably around 3 % slovakia - 2,9 %, 
  while i believe this result wont repeat in next quarters , i still hope our total gdp growth for 2015 would go over 3 % . 
  we dont get 100.000 each and every year , it fluctuates depending on our economic situation . 
  look at this ( i hope you understand a little bit czech ? ), 
  czech central statistic office report from year 2007 .
