  i guess most eastern-eu countries would react in similar way . 
  thinking along ethnic and societal lines is dormant in times of peace and prosperity , but gets active when you feel attacked . 
  i can understand that germans like chinese state and goverment more then us . 
  china is big , powerfull and imports a lot of stuff , while we are just a small irrelevant country , known to them for cheap alcohol , sluts and meth . 
  but why do germans very strongly like putin ( 14 % ) more then czechia ( 12 % ) is beyond me . 
  they export more to us then to whole russia . 
  we are only at place 6 . 
  too much prisoners and police staff i guess . 
  i hope we will fare better in few years . 
  czech salaries are growing , oil prices are growing . 
  our inflation may reach target sooner then expected . 
  \u010cnb will un-cap koruna soon i think . 
  morgan the orca is deaf . 
  completelly deaf and thus unable to orientate herself in ocean or hunt pray . 
  and this is the reason why she cant ever be released . 
  actually , even if she wouldnt be deaf , it would be pretty hard to find a wild orca pod that would adopt her . 
  there are only two options for her . 
  to let her live in captivity with other tame orcas . 
  or kill her quickly and painlessly . 
  spain looks to be recovering . 
  good . 
  but , lack of real goverment can be both positive and negative . 
  it is like autopilot . 
  it will prevent strong turbulences . 
  but lack of political power/capital to implement major structural reforms will come to bite you in the ass long term . 
  we have little common with russia and belarus , despite speaking another slavic language . 
  czechs dont understand mentality of those two nations , our realities and experiences are different too . 
  belarus people could easily be arabs or bantu , how unfamiliar they are to us . 
  belarus alone is literaly a white spot on the map , `` hic sunt leones '' . 
  while czech people who were experiencing totality regime under moscow slowly die out , and with them , all the little influence russian culture ever had on us . 
  i understand that western europeans make no distinction about countries east of berlin , it is the same shit for them . 
  but to us , the distinction between dangerous east ( russia and its minions ) and the rest of europe is extremelly important . 
  median czech netto salary is 680 euro ( brutto is 880 euro ) . 
  prague is better by ca 1/3 . 
  here is [ a short video from folklore ball in str\u00e1n\u00ed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgxl6qlotni ) , a village directly on czech/slovakian border . 
  these are people from villages from both sides of the border . 
  much diversity in traditional clothes , coming from very small area of white carpathian mountains . 
  a very small part of kazachstan is in europe . 
  similar to turkey in this aspect . 
  this is hard to evaluate because each country defines and measures crime differently . 
  if i take into account only official registered crime by police : generally , all cee countries experienced a spike in crimes in 1990s . 
  after it , it went down significantly , but each country moved on at different speed . 
  right now , only baltics and some parts of balkan have higher crime rate then finland or belgium . 
  on the other hand , slovenia is safety haven , only iceland can rival it . 
  the rest is somewhere in between , but improving each year . 
  for example czechia has only 1/2 or registered crime then germany per milion inhabitants . 
  murder rate is the same in both countries . 
  car theft is ca 1/3 higher in cz . 
  burglary is 2x higher in germany . 
  but german crime rate is more or less stagnant for a decade , while czech crime rate decreased by 1/4 just within last two years . 
  there are some local gangs specialised in different crimes , but most od them avoid violence , so they are not much visible . 
  a lot of petty crime is indeed just drug junkies or career small criminals , with connection to middlemen but without beeing in any organised structure . 
  this is not an isolated phenomenon . 
  the same development can be seen in practically all cee countries . 
  crime is decreasing by two digit percentage per year in czechia , slovakia , poland , baltics etc. 
  growing prosperity , less corruption , better rule of law . 
  for example kutn\u00e1 hora ( cz ) used to have ca 60.000 people in late 13th till 15th century , the second most populous town after prague here . 
  large silver mines and cosmopolitan people from all over europe . 
  zbraslav cronicle mentions that in one calendar year ( 1318 ) during plague , over 30.000 bodies were burried in cemetery around main church in sedlec ( one dictrict of this town ) . 
  kutn\u00e1 hora would be top 10 according to this list , but who knows how many cities east of germany are ommited . 
  no data from eurostat . 
  why illegally ? 
  our janitors all have contract and freelance visa . 
  in that case , your unemployment rate must be way under 2 % . 
  or alternativelly our data are wrong . 
  btw , janitors are easy to find . 
  that doen \u00b4 t seem right . 
  in my country , immigrants have lower unemployment rate then natives . 
  and despite strong net immigration , we have lowest rate in the eu . 
  the problem is not immigration , but what immigrants you attract/import . 
  good immigration is beneficial for economy and employment levels of natives . 
  is workers scarcity evenly distributed among education levels/professions in bavaria ? 
  because in prague ( eurostat 1q 2016 unemployment rate 2,3 % ) , stem graduates and programmers are like unicorns , manufacturing blue collars are hard to find but possible , while for unspecialised administrative position we get dozens of cvs . 
  there is clear mismatch between supply and demand . 
  immigration - 25.000 new people move in annually , last year was even worse ( refugees ) . 
  highly qualified people from new eu countries create strong competition and push out lower educated people from jobs , it hits hard especially older immigrants ( that came from balkan , turkey , me etc. 
  main sources are : heavy industry collaps in early 1990s that created `` dead '' regions . 
  rising gypsy population who suffers very high unemployment ( 80 % or so ) , even strongly growing economy doesn \u00b4 t create jobs for people with low education level . 
  my personal experience so far is that most people feel great pride they have a job , even if their salary is low . 
  being unemployed is seen as humilitation and loss of self-worth , especially for men . 
  but unemployment , especially long-term , is pretty harmfull to society , dont you think ? 
  it leads to antisocial behaviour , like youth gangs etc. 
  people that sit home or walk streets whole day without an aim and perspective wont be happy citizens , they \u00b4 ll feel unwanted and turn to protests/crime/revolution . 
  what sparked arab spring - high long-term youth unemployment rate . 
  but , is it really depending on women ? 
  because when i talk with my friends/colleauges and we get to topic of children , women often express their fear their partner will leave them and they will stay alone with their children one day . 
  you can manage 1 or 2 children on single paycheck , but not more , unless you have really good position . 
  thus , hardly any woman plans for more then 2 children . 
  even the first slavs that colonized czechia in 6th century were farmers . 
  words for farming equipment , farming tools , domestic animals and crops are almost all of slavic origin in our language . 
  sucessful agriculture was the reason slavic tribes were so numerous to settle half of europe quickly . 
  slavs were never nomadic . 
  their main occupancy was farming . 
  ostrava has high unemployment , high pollution and a strong gypsy minority . 
  young people are running away from the town and region , to prague and abroad . 
  on the other hand , local goverment tries to change this negative perception of the town . 
  they push for cleaner technologies in factories , subsidize house insulation and modern heating , invest in town parks , tourist atractions and terciary education providers . 
  so , it was an unlucky accident after customs tried to stop a car by firing at its tyres . 
  which is rather a common way czech police stops cars that disobey stop sign , if they suspect the driver tries to run away because he brakes law ( smuggling drugs or arms , driving stolen car etc. ) . 
  smuggling illegal migrants is crime too , punishable up to 10 years in prison .
