  look at this article : http://bruegel.org/2016/11/income-inequality-has-been-falling-in-the-eu/, 
  arrested till their parents picked them up . 
  huh , one father even didn \u00b4 t know the age of his arrested son . 
  the policeman asked him , and he answered `` how should i know his age ? 
  i have 6 children , it \u00b4 s hard to notice such things . '', 
  loosers . 
  these numbers are pretty outdated . 
  why not to use the latest available - 3q 2016 ? 
  it was not independent so their losses are counted towards ussr . 
  when looking locally , belarus , good part of ukraine and most of poland had the highest casualties per capita . 
  switzerland was first to adopt a version of fiscal compact in europe in 2003 . 
  with success . 
  germany follows e. fiscal compact and is doing great . 
  it continues with budget surpluses , while having second lowest unemployment in the eu . 
  czech republic haven \u00b4 t formally adopted eu fiscal impact because of our currency . 
  but we have done a lot of austerity in 2009-2013 to keep our debt low . 
  we reached fiscal surplus in 2016 and should continue to do so in next years . 
  we also have the lowest unemployment rate in the eu ( 3,4 % and decreasing ) . 
  it is possible to have fiscal discipline , low unemployment and reasonable economic growth at the same time . 
  we use it in czech too . 
  language and culture barrier . 
  family/friends safety net . 
  sentimental reasons . 
  racism in western europe towards ees . 
  i mean , you are a czech so you should be able to relate . 
  we earn less than 1/3 of german average salary , while we live next door to germany/austria . 
  why are we all not emigrating in droves ? 
  in survey shortly before brexit , czech republic had higher percentage of eurosceptics than the uk . 
  i pray we never do a referendum here . 
  because that would mean hard czexit . 
  unfortunatelly . 
  unfortunatelly , mongolia is currently in huge economical problems . 
  even with imf help , they might default . 
  economical problems often lead to increased crime/political instability etc. 
  so we will see how mongolia manages it . 
  low unemployment rate will help to gradually bring more people from inactivity to employment . 
  it just needs time . 
  really ? 
  even large hungarian companies don \u00b4 t offer more than 4 weeks ? 
  eurostat offers also a stat that is named severe material deprivation . 
  i think it measures poverty much better . 
  but frictional unemployment is pretty low , like 2 % ( i am talking about czechs here who like stability and change jobs on average only once every 7 years or so ) . 
  unless we hit around that number , our inflation problems should stay manageable . 
  more than 50 % of czech private companies offer 5 weeks of paid vacation , some ( especially in prague ) offer 6 weeks . 
  all state-owned companies ( ca 1/4 of our workforce is there ) has 5 weeks required by law , school/university/kindergarden employees have minimum 8 weeks of paid vacation . 
  employment rate of czech men is comparable to swedish men . 
  our achiles heel is low employment rate of women . 
  our goverment \u00b4 s started to invest into kindergartens recently , to allow mothers go back to work . 
  it shows some results - january 2017 numbers show employment rate of 66,2 % for women , compared with just 63,2 % last january . 
  there are different ways how to count unemployment rate . 
  eurostat uses ilo definition . 
  it is based on surveys in households and produces results you can compare between countries . 
  national goverments usually run paralel their own system based on a register of unemployed people . 
  this often leads to misunderstating , because most countries publicize more than one rate . 
  our salaries are lower than in spain or greece , our weather is miserable and language hard . 
  we are not attractive enough . 
  from other eu citizens , we get romanians , bulgarians , slovaks , and lately also poles and hungarians . 
  20 days is minimum dictated by law . 
  most companies offer 5-6 weeks anyway . 
  why to change something that works ? 
  you are correct . 
  manufacturing makes over 1/3 of our gdp ( it is the highest rate among all eu countries ) and it employs a shit ton of people . 
  i myself work most my life in machinery manufacturing companies ( in accounting/business/planning etc. ), 
  and yes , we heavily target foreign markets , mainly other eu countries . 
  but also china recently , gulf countries etc. 
  it is very competitive field , we try to offer german quality for reasonable prices . 
  unfortunatelly , czech republic doesn \u00b4 t have the same brand value like germany . 
  but we work on that . 
  spain seems to get better . 
  but 18 % is still damn too high . 
  this is just a way we feel about our country . 
  small insignificant piece of land lost somewehere on the continent . 
  our inferiority complex to germans is something that has always been present in our history . 
  we are a small country with egalitarian society , we have low inequality just like scandinavia . 
  no inner/outer conflicts . 
  people are financially conservative . 
  strong banking sector . 
  balanced budget and low debt . 
  own currency . 
  a lot of labour-demanding manufacturing . 
  competitive products and prices ( thanks to low salaries ) . 
  ideally located near rich prosperous countries ( germany ! ), 
  and far away from problems . 
  eu subsidies . 
  too poor to atract wellfare tourists , our immigration is job-centered and mainly from ukraine/vietnam . 
  corruption exists but is not strong enough to spoil it for us , the same goes for bureaucracy and politics . 
  average czech leads stable calm predictable and comfortable life , despite our low salaries . 
  i find it strange that they would single out slovakia . 
  all eu countries with roma minority have huge problems , be it in the western or eastern part . 
  and i find it strange that they criticize `` white flight '' . 
  it is something that happens all over the world . 
  even in most tolerant and open countries like sweden . 
  parents want only the best for their children , the best school , best classmates , best future . 
  i agree that we must improve the situation of roma children in education in our countries . 
  but slapping a fine on country whose parents remove their children from roma-majority schools ? 
  czech republic adopted a new law on compulsory kindergarden attendance of all children , starting next year . 
  hoping it would help roma children to straighten out their disadvantage stemming from poor parenting , hygiene , language knowledge and socialisation . 
  we will see if it will help or not . 
  your k\u00f6fte is called \u010dufty here . 
  it is meat balls ( mixed pork , beef , bread , onions , garlic and spices ) in thick sauce from tomatos and/or paprika .
