  obviously , our official statistics above are wrong , those numbers dont add up . 
  if we say at least 10 % people work for less then 10.000 czk ( part-timers , or they get minimum wage in contract and the rest cash on hand ) , the total eu employee number would be around 270.000 i guess . 
  employment among population uses to be around 50 % ( the rest are children , students , seniors etc. ) . 
  that brings me to estimated real number of eu foreigners of circa 500.000 - 540.000 at the end of year 2015 . 
  but , now we are 1 year later . 
  how many new people immigrated ? 
  probably more then last year ( which saw 62.000 more foreigners paing social security that in december 2014 ) . 
  because of our urgent labor shortage and growing wages , local companies take anybody with two hands . 
  so , add another 80.000 - 100.000 workers from eu alone for 2016 . 
  total brings us to maybe 600.000 - 700.000 eu citizens living here right now . 
  how many of them are portugese ? 
  no idea . 
  my anecdotical experience says they are not rare , at least here in prague . 
  just to illustrate the influx of people and how it impacts people here - average flat price rose by 20 % in prague within last 12 months !, 
  while average wage is growing by 4-5 % per year . 
  that number is much higher in reality . 
  first - eu citizens don \u00b4 t have legal obligation to register in cz when they move here . 
  majority never register . 
  also because they rent flats without official contract ( that way owners don \u00b4 t need to pay 15 % tax on rent income ) second - our economy booms last 2 years and the number of new immigrants is staggering . 
  even in smaller towns , you can recently meet large groups of people from whole europe . 
  economic loses haven \u00b4 t stoped brexit . 
  czech voters are so angry about illegal imigration , quota , terrorist attacks inwe and blackmailing from the eu , that they would vote out if we will have referendum on membership in next few years . 
  we never agreed to this , show me eu legislation that we negotiated about and signed . 
  we voted against that one-time sharing program . 
  after it was accepted by majority , we agreed to accept those 1000 people or so over next few years . 
  that is all . 
  that 1000 people won \u00b4 t solve illegal immigartion problem or italy or greece . 
  but it got our voters so agry and eurosceptic that they will vote out if we ever get refeendum on eu membership . 
  sadly . 
  we don \u00b4 t know much about sea borders . 
  but we used to have one of best guarded land borders during commie time . 
  we even created new dog breeds dedicated solely to keep border safe from people running away towards west - czechoslovakian wolfdog ( german shephard/carpatian wolf mix ) and czech shephard . 
  it exists . 
  when a foreigner registers \u017eivnostensk\u00fd list for voln\u00e1 \u017eivnost , he gets residence visa . 
  many companies in prague and elsewehere provide assistance to get it , for a small fee . 
  how do you think so many thousand russians immigrated here ? 
  if you can \u00b4 t guard outer eu border , you fail as eu member . 
  no matter how long your membership lasts . 
  if slovakia or poland would fail to keep eastern eu border safe , i would say the same thing to them . 
  it is problem of many eu countries that they reward immigrants for crossing sea and borders illegally and give them money , residence and citizenship after few years . 
  you lure them like wasps on honey . 
  but you make legal immigration almost impossible , be it educated workers or real refugees from camps . 
  czech republic has very relaxed immigration policy . 
  freelance and study visa is for everybody , no matter their origin or place they currently live . 
  czech embassy in syria is still open . 
  really . 
  it is not our country that creates problem for other eu countries . 
  if somebody want to come here , he/she can do it . 
  while we don \u00b4 t incentivise illegal behaviour . 
  illegals that we catch in our land get into prison-like detention centers , because both austria and slovakia are not warn-town countries and they don \u00b4 t ran away from them to save their lives . 
  no , you leave the union . 
  denmark has eu exception and doesn \u00b4 t need to accept any quota . 
  is it fair ? 
  the whole mena region is a ticking bomb . 
  like egypt with their falling economy and overpopulation , a large scale bloody conflict can send several million people to european coast in weeks . 
  eu can \u00b4 t solve illegal immigration by forced redistribution to member states . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t solve anything , instead it can mean an end of the eu . 
  because not only people in ee will get angry . 
  even the most goodhearted people like germans or swedes will ran out of solidarity one day . 
  you know that czech republic is net immigration land ? 
  we get more eu immigrants that how many czechs move to other eu countries . 
  visit prague and you will find fair share of italian youth working here . 
  it is nice that western countries help poor regions . 
  i think that poor people ( balkan , poland , south italy etc. ), 
  need help to get back on their feet . 
  i personally live near prague and our local gdp per capita is above eu average . 
  that means our region is not eligible for eu funds and subsidies . 
  i \u00b4 m ok that 1 % of our taxes goes to other people in europe . 
  it is italy that shows no solidarity . 
  you just ferry the people across sea and then let them cross your northern borders . 
  unlike spain that is able to keep gibraltar straight safe . 
  we are in eu not because of funds . 
  we are in because of free movements of goods , capital and labor . 
  if eu wants to cut down subsidies for czechia , i will support it . 
  we have a fair share of portugeese , italians or spaniards in prague ( 15 % of prague residents have foreign passport ) . 
  pushing down wages for czech people . 
  it goes both ways you know . 
  portugal is net emigration land now . 
  while czech republic is net immigration land . 
  and we don \u00b4 t moan about it , because free labor market is one of eu obligations that we agree with and obey . 
  so , you think my country only wants things and doesn \u00b4 t give anything back ? 
  really . 
  we fullfill every eu obligation , we breach rules only very very rarely ( unlike italy ) . 
  the only think we doesn \u00b4 t want is forced refugee distribution . 
  we want the same right that denmark or the uk has , to decide on our immigration ourselves . 
  we are not against refugees , every refugee that asks us directly has its application fairly judged by our courts and most are approved for asylum . 
  but we don \u00b4 t want to accept people that aim at germany for example , and don \u00b4 t want to live here . 
  people that hate out country wull never intergate and only cause problems . 
  if anybody , than it should be italy to leave the union . 
  because it can \u00b4 t protect eu border from large-scale illegal immigration . 
  it fails its obligations . 
  i myself am eu fan and don \u00b4 t want any country to leave , actually . 
  this whole thing is making me very sad . 
  you know , my country has easiest way to get freelance visa from non-eu countries . 
  everybody can get them and immigrate legally , no matter their education , wealth , age or origin . 
  also , our universities are free of charge for non-eu people . 
  if somebody wants to study here , they just need to pass entry exams . 
  with study visa , they get full work visa and they can stay after getting diploma indefinitelly . 
  ( btw our asylum system works good too . 
  more they 50 % of all asylum seekers get either asylum or additional protection , which leads in 5 years to permanent residency . ),
