  while \u010devap\u010di\u010di is cone-shaped minced meat , served with potatoes and chopped onion . 
  which country are you talking about ? 
  my interpretation would be : pro-europeanism - positive attitude to the eu supporting european integration - adding new eu members eurofederalism - turning eu into united states of europe, 
  during last economic boom in year 2007 , we had 100k net immigration annually . 
  recession and changed immigration laws calmed it down . 
  now our economy has entered another boom phase , unemployment is 3,5 % and i expect +50 k immigrants this year . 
  could anybody explain to me how turkey managed to decrease their murders from 3,216 in year 2012 to less than 2,000 last year ? 
  15 % + of people living permanently in prague are foreign-born . 
  over 20 % of peple living in slovakia is of non-slovak ethnicity , and most of them don \u00b4 t even understand slovak language . 
  i understand what you try to say . 
  but other countries and places in europe exist , with similar % of foreign born/nationality like in sweden , without creating high unemployment tied to being member of other ethnicity/non-citizen . 
  what i mean is that immigrants from ee/balkan in sweden come from more then two dozen different countries , with many different languages and ethnic identification . 
  it is not one dominant minority culture , like for example arabic-speaking north africans in france , or turks in germany , or pakistani in the uk . 
  no group from ee/balkan is strong enough in sweden to create one-language closed-minded ghetto . 
  that means that people from ee , despite more distant culture to swedes , will assimilate in the next generation into the swedish majority . 
  because they are so fractured . 
  which is an advantage in my view . 
  somes econd/third generation muslim immigrants get radicalised and form youth criminal gangs . 
  while second/third generation of ee immigrants will be just regular swedes with funny surnames . 
  my numbers are from eurostat and they show a percentage of unemployed people compared to available total workforce . 
  unemployed people are persons who haven \u00b4 t worked even an hour in last 14 days , are legally allowed to work in the country , and are activelly searching for a job . 
  workforce is a sum of people who are either employed , or unemployed . 
  it excludes people who are inactive ( retired , students , stay-in-home women , people not looking for a job ... ) . 
  would a czech or pole been considered `` good '' or `` bad '' immigrant nowadays in the nederlands ? 
  how much east is still ok ? 
  i understand that ukrainians are no-no . 
  i think that people from ee/balkan have far more problems in nw europe , including sweden , than many would wish would be truth . 
  socialism in sweden and communism in ee/balkan produced highly different mindsets . 
  when germany repatriated large number of volga germans from russia in early 90s , these people had problems to adjust in their new country . 
  they quickly created real ghettos , with youth gangs and crime . 
  it was similar to turkish minority , bullying in school based on ethnic backround etc. 
  my own conclusion is that results depend on cultural similarity and raw number of immigration from one country . 
  if immigrants form large uniform ghettos , with one language and culture , you get clash . 
  sweden gets ee/balkan immigrants from many countries and no minority is big enough to live insulated , because of so fragmented backround . 
  this will help to assimilate them far more easily and overcome cultural differencies . 
  this is huge advantage . 
  i myself grew up in small czech town that consisted over 50 % from first generation immigrants ( big factory was built in 1970s and commies built the town and settled here mostly low-educated gastarbeiters ) . 
  my `` girl-gang '' in school were platinum blond polish , red-headed russian , vietnamese-chinese , currly half-african , one czech , one czech-slovak and me ( half hungarian/slovak ) . 
  we all were 100 % czech in upbringing and self-identification , despite origin of our parents . 
  no minority had any substancial number , so we all mixed and became czechs . 
  no racism or even one bad word during my whole childhood ( with exception of gypsies , but that is another story ) . 
  whole childhood i have actually not realised how diverse bunch we are in our town . 
  i was suprised how uniform-looking people live in big town nearby , when i started to attend gymnasium there . 
  non-eu immigrants make slightly over 50 % of our foreigners . 
  mostly ukrainians , vietnamese , russians and chinese . 
  but also kasachstani , people from balkan and caucasus . 
  we dont import non-skilled arab or african immigrants . 
  we are also too poor to attract refugees . 
  on the other hand , we allow immigration from all countries , if they are university students or found job that is hard to fill ( it , medicine ... ) . 
  sweden has 9 % of foreigners including recent refugees . 
  czech republic has 5 % foreigners without czech citizenship . 
  prague itself has +15 % of foreigners , and 30 % of appartments are sold to foreigners . 
  yes , sweden has higher percentage than us - 9 % vs 5 % , but it can \u00b4 t explain the difference . 
  50 % of registered unemployed people in sweden are foreigners . 
  on the other hand , only few thousand foreigners are registered as officially unemployed in cz . 
  and prague , with its high percentage of non-citizens in our country , has also the lowest unemployment rate not only in czechia , but in the whole eu ( 2,2 % ) . 
  yes , it is a big difference . 
  but each eu country also has different outcome for non-eu people . 
  sweden is a real extreme . 
  for example in czechia in year 2015 , unemployment rates were according to eurostat : czechs 5,1 % eu 4,6 % non-eu 4,4 % our society makes it easy for people to integrate , and our gastarbeiters are from compatible countries ( eastern europe , balkan , vietnam , mongolia etc. ) . 
  swedish people are very nice and altruistic . 
  but their society , individualistic and distanced , probably simply clashes with culture of their immigrants and it makes it hard for them . 
  even eu citizens struggle in sweden apparently . 
  unemployment rates sorted by citizenship and birthplace are available in eurostat for sweden latest for year 2015 . 
  by citizenship : swedish 6,4 % eu 8,6 % non-eu 30,3 % apparently , even people from other eu countries have it harder in sweden to get a job and integrate . 
  you need to know the language of the country to work there in healtcare ( minus some rare exceptions ) . 
  who knows ? 
  but , practical problem are people who eat wild boar meat regularly and set off alarm at entrance points to our two nuclear power plants . 
  i am not kidding . 
  nuclear power plants have very sensitive sensors installed to inform about even tiny bit of radioactivity , and so to protect staff that might be exposed to it while working in the areal , or prevent unauthorised radioactive material to leave . 
  sensors at gates were meant to scan people going out . 
  but nowadays they catch almost always just people going in . 
  i hope a part of czech doctors comes back home from the uk . 
  we need them now . 
  we have both versions . 
  vdolek - fried donut with plum jam on top kobliha - baked donut with jam inside ( = berliner ), 
  eurostat doesn \u00b4 t have your data from year 2008 . 
  but you can check years since 2010 here : http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=ilc_mddd11&amp;lang=en, 
  rise in poverty in the uk is connected with rising inequality of domestic population , and with immigration from non-eu countries . 
  eurostat has following numbers on material deprivation in the uk ( year 2015 ) : uk citizens : 5,1 % eu citizens ( non-uk ) : 4,5 % non-eu citizens : 8,2 %, 
  eurostat has nice stats !, 
  i think most countries experienced changes of leading party in goverment during the last 10 years . 
  you won \u00b4 t find clear correlation . 
  case cz - we started with social democrats , when crisis came we voted for central right austerity-supporting party , when goverment collapsed due to scandal we got technical goverment , and now we have social democratic pm in coalition with center-right-populist party . 
  hungary has real problem with poverty . 
  far worse than other v4 countries . 
  unemployment stats in hungary are not reflecting reality . 
  hungary started forced employment program few years back - people will get their wellfare only if they work some hours weekly for local goverment ( cleaning , gardening ... ) , and they get less than minimum wage for such work . 
  that means that a lot of people are counted like employed by eurostat , when in reality they have no meaningfull job and live still in appaling poverty . 
  you can \u00b4 t link murder and wealth . 
  there is some weak correlation , but no causation . 
  because murder is more connected with structure/harmony of society , trust in institutions and similar underlying conditions . 
  but not directly with wealth . 
  germany has 0.8 murders per 100k . 
  usa has almost 4 murders per 100k . 
  czechia had only 0.6 murders per 100k last year . 
  and we are far poorer than both germany and the us . 
  guess what ? 
  czech currency is fixed at 27 czk/eur since 2013 . 
  and our austerity was pretty harsh , here is a part of an old article : `` the answer , therefore , must lie in the fall in spending in the domestic economy , in particular in the public sector .
