  they were just smarter than we were . 
  actually , i think this will be exactly the solution at the end . 
  we have general elections here in october . 
  once they are over , our country will start take over people from refugee camps in gr/it and place them near german border , with change of clothes and pocket money enough to buy train ticket . 
  it won \u00b4 t be businesses that will vote . 
  it will be local voters . 
  who use their emotions to decide . 
  explain voting results on brexit by economic profit alone . 
  i know this all . 
  but unfortunatelly , your schengen accession has become a populist thema in some countries . 
  and mainstream politicians will block you and posture to their voters , hoping this way they can weaken ring-wing parties to not become majority . 
  yes ? 
  at least in part . 
  it is very important to keep positive pr in the eyes of other eu citizens . 
  it is very important capital . 
  weurope makes a lot of politics based on consensus , backstage negotiations and coalitions . 
  if we lose credit and reputation , we will lose what remaining bargaining power we have in the eu . 
  you know , i think refugee quotas are total nonsense . 
  but right now , it is stupidity to go into grave conflict with the eu about something that was legally voted and is binding for our country !, 
  we should accept those people , give them change of clothes , some pocket money and put them on nearest train station to germany . 
  or at least , we should put some conditions , lke we will accept only women and children under 10 or so . 
  czechs don \u00b4 t understand that by going into lost battle , we might lose too much . 
  you sound naive if you think politicians always do what is best for their country . 
  surprise - they do what is best for their careers . 
  if voters want them to keep stinky ee people out , they wil do it . 
  no matter want are the following costs . 
  look at brexit ? 
  for the same reasons we wanted to join i guess ? 
  a mix of hope for good peaceful future of unified europe . 
  and expectation of economic profit in the long term . 
  but you forget that political landscape in western europe is changing . 
  animosity against ee is growing there among ordinary people . 
  no matter how much economic pain it would cause to western companies doing business here if we were kicked out of the eu . 
  if majority of voters in germany/france/spain etc. 
  will not agree with our memberhip in schenger/efta , we are fucked and won \u00b4 t get any deal . 
  you know , democratic vote , elections and all that crap . 
  western politicians can \u00b4 t go against prevailing sentiment of majority of voters . 
  sorry , but you are naive . 
  western eu countries veto schengen accession to romania and bulgaria for years . 
  because voters in those countries are agains ee . 
  do you think we would get into schengen without eu memberhip . 
  we are not rich switzerland or norwey . 
  the same goes with efta . 
  even a single eu country can block any deal . 
  do you think eu will accept our schengen membership ? 
  why should they do it ? 
  for our nice eyes ? 
  western european voters will never agree with free movement of people and goods once we are not eu members anymore . 
  they will be happy to keep us out . 
  czech republic gets on average 1500 asylum requests per year . 
  there requests are processed in normal way and over 50 % of those people get some sort of asylum/temporary residence . 
  we continue to keep our obligations coming from geneva convetion etc. 
  edit blocking of refugee quota is due to october general elections . 
  any party that would theoretically agree with quota will lose support . 
  when we leave the eu , we will be forced to leave customs union and schengen too . 
  that means tariff on exports and long border controls . 
  look at eu/ukrainian border if you want to see an example . 
  edit : i don \u00b4 t want to become a second ukraine or moldova . 
  if you want it , good , but don \u00b4 t take us with you . 
  czech economy wont survive leaving of the eu . 
  86 % of our export goes to eu countries , and export makes 83 % of czech gdp . 
  leaving the eu is a suicide . 
  i don \u00b4 t want to be that person . 
  but is this not the epitome of local news ? 
  and i don \u00b4 t even consider it news . 
  many monogamous bird species form some sort of non-standard bonds . 
  in flamingos for example , between 5-10 % of breeding pairs in zoos are same sex . 
  but you will sometime see also trios , in all possible combination of males and females . 
  happens . 
  what means female friendly ? 
  our wages are already growing more than our productivity . 
  that is dangerous and can \u00b4 t continue much longer . 
  they went up because people have money to pay such rents . 
  strong immigration , foreign real estate funds , airbnb . 
  prague is among top10 airbnb \u00b4 ing cities . 
  tldr rich foreigners are buying here , turism booms and also many czech people from provinces are moving in . 
  eurostat is publishing such numbers quarterly . 
  before other czechs come with the obligatory argument that our low unemployment rate doesn \u00b4 t translate into higher wages . 
  czech statistic office has just released figures for salary growth in last year . 
  citing from it : czech job market is growing . 
  number of employees is growing , and average earnings grow in all groups of employees . 
  the highest increase is in lowest paying jobs . 
  police and army staff got +11,5 % hike , retail and service people got +7,1 % more y/y , unqualified laborers are 6,7 % up , factory and technical staff are 5,3 % better . 
  while managerial positions saw salary growth of only 2,3 % . 
  while our salaries are lower than in the west , they are developing nicely . 
  and our income unequality is decreasing . 
  eu membership helped to calm down the hungarian minority in slovakia . 
  another fine example . 
  they don \u00b4 t go by foot . 
  they book a flight to turkey/lebanon/jordan or other country in that area and continue from there to lybia , by using travel agencies run by smugglers . 
  there travel agencies have price lists that go by travel time and danger to be caught . 
  it is also most times bangadeshi expats that work in malaysia/india/gulf and get lured by their relatives/friends that already got into europe , to come too . 
  so they leave their jobs and travel to europe , to pretend to be refugees . 
  czechs are on average very relaxed about sexuality and nudity . 
  very atheistic . 
  very timid , but passive-aggressive if pressed into corner . 
  conformist society . 
  strong traditional gender roles in family and jobs . 
  also most racist and anti-immigrant country in the whole eu ( according to two independent recent surveys ) . 
  we \u00b4 re weird bunch .
