  i work for 20 years and i cant still afford to buy an apartment , let alone house . 
  and nobody will give me anything , not our state , not any charity . 
  why do you think euro has economical power to give housing for people that are not citizens , that just come from outside and demand things ? 
  eu countries like mine has thousands of homeless czech people on streets , because we cant afford to give them more . 
  then , why turkey doesnt buid them houses ? 
  if they refuse tents , build them proper housing . 
  men cause 90 % of all crimes in my country , despite beeing slightly less then 50 % of our population . 
  deport all men . 
  a super giant country with cute sexy girls for everyone . 
  calm down , he just poked fun . 
  friendly banter between good neighbours . 
  practically every czech has visited austria at least once . 
  one-day trips to wien , weekend ski trips into alps , bike tours along the border , or passing by car going to croatian/italian coast . 
  we might not be interested in your internal politics and stuff , be we know how austria looks like . 
  not to mention his name is a giveaway . 
  kurva means female prostitute in most slavic languages . 
  his name is a nice wordplay so i assume he is fluent in german . 
  tell me , how many of these refugees speak czech/slovak , have valid welders \u00b4 or truck driving licences , and are willing to work for 1/3 of german salary ? 
  big fat zero . 
  `` refugees '' might burden our wellfare budget or compete with ukrainian gastarbeiters in cleaning/construction segment . 
  but they cant steal jobs from czechs . 
  you know , around year 2007 ( just before the crisis ) , our country got up to 100.000 new legal immigrants annualy . 
  no big deal , it didnt have huge impact on our wages rising by +5 % annually . 
  right now , we get more illegals through turkey/greece/balkan then through libya . 
  you are trying to be edgy , i see , but you just reveal your utter ignorance about our country . 
  our asylum and naturalisation policy is extremely tight . 
  thus , we dont attract mena and african `` refugees '' . 
  on the other hand , we have serious workforce shortage now , to hire a skilled welder or truck driver equals a small miracle . 
  our economy would need a serious relaxation of work visa policy for ukrainians/balkanites i think, 
  how about that truck full of 71 dead people in austria ? 
  only 1 id found . 
  both countries started operations to catch as many illegals as possible few months ago . 
  within last 2 months , our police caught circa 100 human trafficers and they are now in custody and wait for trial . 
  but only a small percentage gets caught , most succeed in crossing our country . 
  and saxony is angry at us already . 
  huh , we have them too , at popular tourist spots . 
  but they are fairly expensive to hire . 
  czech republic has lost far less then 100.000 citizens due to emigration since our eu membership in 2004 . 
  last year , it was only 800 people . 
  on the other hand , we got +400.000 immigrants from other countries since 2004 . 
  we are a target of large scale immigration from some other eastern european countries . 
  low unemployment , low crime , tolerant laid-back people , slavic language . 
  our salaries cant compete with germany or sweden , but life here is not bad . 
  i cant comment on other countries much . 
  but the score of the czech republic is true . 
  we dont want to make foreign politics . 
  we dont want to save the world . 
  we dont want to influence neighbouring countries . 
  we just want to be on friendly terms with everyone , while not expecting anything in return . 
  live and let live . 
  i dont think so . 
  the czech republic has very high exports ( 85 % of gdp ) but we scored zero points in ambitions . 
  few years back , 16 % of prague inhabitants had foreign passport . 
  i bet it is more now . 
  schengen has unified visa that are valid in all countries . 
  for example , tourist visa issued by czech authority is valid for all schengen countries . 
  do most of them think about settling in turkey ? 
  or do they consider turkey just a temporary shelter , before they either return home or emigrate west ? 
  because german and sweden are viewed by them as their future permanent residence and the moment they get asylum , they plan to bring in all their big families there too . 
  i have hungarian surname , genes and some old family recipes from my grandmother . 
  otherwise i am 100 % proud czech . 
  the same as all descendants of that emigration wave in our country that i ever heard about . 
  they forgot the language and totaly assimilated . 
  poles are wise . 
  they refuse to give asylum status to ukrainians . 
  but instead they are very generous with issuing work visa for them . 
  this way , they wont get wellfare , but are allowed to accept jobs , rent flats and support themselves in poland and send money to their families in ukraine . 
  a very good aproach if you ask me . 
  it allows them to escape their country without straining polish govermental/local resources . 
  that way , poland can accept way more ukrainians then if they would become official refugees , sitting in camps and doing nothing , just costing money . 
  i wish my country would do the same . 
  we could then help more ukrainians then now . 
  czech courts dont consider ukraine a safe country now . 
  this has an implication that all ukrainians caught here without visa are not deported . 
  people from donbas and krym get asylum , other ukrainians dont get refugee status but get provisional documents stating they must leave only when the situation in ukraine stabilizes . 
  in reality , most will find ways to obtain a way to legalize their stay here later on . 
  if you dont want to assimilate , then go away . 
  move to a country where you want to live and be happy there . 
  a country with not-assimilated minorities is instabil . 
  a strong goverment during prosperous times might work even with such minorities present , for decades or longer . 
  but social cohesion is essential in difficult times when all official structures crumble down and economy melts . 
  the goodwill and nonexistent social tensions will assure that the population survive the crisis without eruption of violence , deep internal conflicts or even civil war . 
  if 180.000 slovaks/poles/germans / austrians/hungarians would need a refugee status in our country , because of objective reasons ( oppressive goverment cracking violently on oposition , natural desaster ... ) , they would be welcomed . 
  even 180.000 ukrainians fleeing war and collapsing economy asking for refugee status would not be turned down , but sheltered and offered to settle down . 
  their children will assimilate perfectly and become 100 % czechs in under one generation . 
  i know it , i am a descendant of hungarian refugees of 1956 . 
  the last time we invited germans to immigrate in large numbers didnt end well , so ... fun fact - the czech republic has a positive migration balance with germany , we get more immigrants from there then we lose our people to emigration ( last year , the balance was + 1.400 according to our stats ) . 
  it is probably caused by german families putting their erderly into our retirement homes , they want to save money . 
  i dont know about visa-free travel . 
  but i think czech goverment should ease the issuing of working visa for ukrainians . 
  our economy is doing good , unemployment is low and we are facing workforce shortage in some segments . 
  few ten thousand ukrainians added per year shouldnt pose a problem for us . 
  hardworking folk and easy to assimilate . 
  please , dont spoil our rare 5 minutes of feeling-good mood with hard facts '' :-), 
  most want to go to germany and sweden . 
  but we are a schengen country and we have our laws . 
  illegal imigrants get internated into prison-like camps . 
  most refuse to ask for asylum and when they get out , they cross german border soon . 
  fun fact : our commie border police force used german shephard dogs to guards our western border , but they were not fully satisfied with their performance . 
  so they started to crossbreed shephards with carpathian wolves to create a `` perfect border dog '' .
