  especially prague gets a lot of those immigrants . 
  more then 10 % of its permanent inhabitants have foreign passport . 
  i hope you realise that ukrainians are pretty easy to assimilate ? 
  they pick up another slavic language within few months . 
  their children will be 100 % czechs/slovaks/poles in all but surname and a few traditional dishes . 
  you know , czechia and especially prague has low unemployment and hunger for many professions , so we get a ton of work immigrants , up to 100.000 a year . 
  if i can chose their origin , i will happily accept an ukrainian over most other non-eu nationalities . 
  i have some ukrainian colleagues . 
  hard woking , create no problems . 
  if they woudnt have an accent , i coudnt tell them apart from czechs . 
  even my polish colleage still has accent too , after 20 years living here . 
  a simple but nice article . 
  i think it points out one important issue . 
  ukrainian war immigrants/refugies in central europe need easy access to legal jobs through simple and quick work visa/temporary residence . 
  in this way , they dont become drain on welfare system and dont get backlash from local population . 
  and at the same time they can avoid awful refugee centers , months of hopelessness or entering grey/black economy . 
  a win/win for both sides . 
  our 1q gdp growth will be announced only on friday . 
  i hope for at least 2,5 % . 
  half russian ? 
  why ? 
  yes , last year our birthrate was only 1,53 , this year it is predicted to get around 1,60 and then continue to grow . 
  the last economical crisis hit us badly and people decided to postpone having babies to better times . 
  our unemployment rate should decrease under 6 % in autumn 2015 , this should trigger people to start families again . 
  the magic why we have positive natural change is in low number of deaths . 
  average expected longevity is increasing . 
  during last year , it got longer by 0,5 year !, 
  this is registered unemployment rate , aka people registered at local job center . 
  it differs from unemployment rate recorded by eurostat . 
  it is widely believed the real rate is actually lower , because people working in grey economy often register themself at job center ( because state will pay their health security then ) , but in reality they are working somewhere without paying taxes . 
  why is it dangerous to have a stagnant population ? 
  you do realise we had fertility rate lower then 2.1 already during wwi ? 
  it is nothing new here . 
  we live like this for around one century . 
  yes , our pension system must adjust to future demographic changes . 
  other then this , i dont see big problems avaiting us . 
  our security is backed by nato and eu . 
  our economy is growing . 
  and with exception of gypsie minority , we have no inner tensions or dangers , no separationists tendencies , no religions conflicts . 
  we expelled close to 3 mln sudetengermans after ww2 ( almost 1/3 of the total population then ) . 
  but it is not so important now . 
  rather look at our population since 1960es till today ( no more wars , no more forced migrations ) . 
  it went little down , little up , then down again and up again . 
  generally , we are stable with oscillations of less then + - 0,5 mln for the last 50 years . 
  because we have positive natural change ( more births then deaths ) , and we have positive net immigration too ( mostly from slovakia , ukraine and russia ) . 
  why ? 
  you forget that eastern countries have their own problematic minorities , that are big drain on their welfare system or endanger their countrys security/unity . 
  just few examples : czech republic has 250.000 gypsies and 500.000 economical immigrants that came within last 10 years , more then 10 % of prague permanent inhabitants have foreign passport , with forming vietnamese/russian/ukrainian / slovakian gypsies etc ghettos . 
  slovakia has over 500.000 gypsies ( 10 % of their population ! , in catastrophical housing situation without running water or electricity ) and 500.000 hungarians that repeat `` reverse trianon '' . 
  romania has similar problem ( gypsies and hungarian separatists , plus moldovan economical immigrants ) . 
  hungary itself has huge hated gypsies minority . 
  baltic countries have substantial russian non-citizen minorities that dream about putin `` rescuing '' them . 
  i ve checked the predicted total fertility rate and net immigration for the czech republic , and both seem pretty plausible ( unless we will see some large crisis , war or huge immigration wave etc. ) . 
  our population is predicted to grow from 10,5 mln today to 11,1 mln in 2060 . 
  while our population was 10,3 mln in 1914 ( one century ago ! ) . 
  i think we follow the best possible scenario - stable population over a long time . 
  no boom and no doom . 
  in my country , stray dogs are not tolerated and have never been . 
  since many centuries , there was always a system and laws in place to get rid of them . 
  now , all dogs without an owner in sight are captured and placed in shelters where they wait for its owner or an adoption . 
  czechs have similar attitudes to dogs as germans or poles , i think . 
  we love our dogs and treat them almost as members of family . 
  at the same time , they must be well trained and obedient , because the owner is responsible for any damage or injury caused by its dog , that can land you in jail easily or paying hefty fines . 
  so nobody would let their dog stray without supervision . 
  yes , probably you are right . 
  if they have always been there , then all are used to it . 
  i looked at the maps posted by op and i am sure it represents all registered and reported rabies cases = human + domestic animals + wild mammals + bats . 
  that stray dogs policy of turkey sounds good , i am sure it helps a lot to fight spread of rabies infection to humans . 
  but wouldnt it be better to just eliminate all stray dogs , instead of investing so much to treat them each year ? 
  i might sound inhumane ( because not all of them can be adopted , many would have to be put down ) , but i find this a better solution long-term . 
  i came here to comment how red army soldiers in my land were famous for stealing watches from random persons ( not only watches , they took everything they liked , for example water taps were often stolen , i have no idea why ) . 
  but others mentioned it already . 
  it seem some experiences with russians are universal . 
  turkey used to have good quality rabbies reporting for years and spent a lot to erradicate rabbies , with good success . 
  if this map is correct , they are losing the game again . 
  i have no idea why . 
  eu moneys being spent on bait-based rabbies vaccination of wild foxes , afaik . 
  but poland seems to fail in this somehow , i can see the red horde being almost on czech border again . 
  step up your game , pol\u00e1ci !, 
  european countries dont really lead a currency and trade war against russia . 
  there are a few mild sanctions on financing , sale of military equipment and travel of few selected individuals among putin \u00b4 s personal friends . 
  it is only russia itself that prohibits import of many products . 
  never the eu . 
  customs union and single market with russia and - stans is not something you can make happen overnight . 
  it would take years to harmonize laws and regulations , subsidies etc. 
  but it has potential to skyrocket russian economy , look at the example of turkey that had free trade with eu and its economical boom . 
  in the long term , i am more interested in europe-friendly russia that doesnt start wars , annexations , doesnt support corruption , crime and scales back a bit their spying operations in europe . 
  single market and visa-free travel are only secondary , i dont have a clear opinion on them , i dont wish for a related flood of russians and central asians in our lands ( high crime , drugs , tb , hiv etc. 
  we are poor , but at least we are all equally poor . 
  is it good or rather bad ? 
  why do we have the sluggiest growth among visegrad countries ? 
  only 2,5 % ? 
  that sucks . 
  i was talking only about lynx and wolf . 
  lynx and wolf are harmless for humans . 
  there is not 1 documented case ( by non-rabbid ) wild animal killing a human in europe in last 100 years . 
  bear is another topic , unfortunatelly , they cause injuries and occasionally a death . 
  it is very very rare , but it happens . 
  i think slovakia has 1.000 bears and they cause 1 death every 10 years or so . 
  bees or horses kill way more .
