  central bank , naming of judges , amnesty etc. 
  you are wrong if you think we czechs label him `` russian puppet '' without reason , it is well known fact since before he became president . 
  his campaign was financed by russian state money . 
  officially , his main adviser till today is mr. martin nejedl\u00fd , the ceo of lukoil aviation czech company . 
  he visits russian embassy very frequently . 
  among his personal friends are several people from putin \u00b4 s inner circle , he meets with them officially even though they are on eu sanction list , like vladimir jakunin . 
  his other two importants advisors are miroslav \u0160louf and mirek dal\u00edk , both are lobbyist and `` grey eminences '' who earn russian money ( state russian firms hire their them for different pr or advisory services - on paper at least ) , both are intervined in several huge czech corruption scandals . 
  zeman is fighting for abolition of eu sanctions and the situation on ukraine he describes as `` something similar to a flu , nothing important '' . 
  i tend to agree that we are somewhere in between . 
  on one hand , our gdp per capita or life expectancy are still significantly lower compared with the most developed countries . 
  on the other hand , the quality of life here is not bad . 
  our people dont emigrate in significant numbers toward west eu , despite open borders . 
  actually , we get sizable net immigration . 
  this `` vote with feet '' is telling . 
  for centuries , czech lands were source of massive emmigation . 
  this was true during hapsburg empire , during interwar period , also during commie time . 
  but ever since 1989 , it stopped . 
  standard russian journalism these days , i guess ? 
  russian propaganda follows closely in goebbels \u00b4 s footprints , that country resembles 1930 \u00b4 germany more each day . 
  the only way that can help to increase birth rate in developed countries , is to split the house chores and child care 50 / 50 between the woman and man . 
  plus creation of enough affordable pre-school facilities so that both parents can work fulltime and have small children simultaneously . 
  i can confirm that masses of people were comming to greet the us army , see their equipment or just be part of the party , and caused a huge traffic jam around the army base in ruzyn\u011b today . 
  prague radio stations warned constantly not to drive in the vinicity because of the jam . 
  there are countries that have cooked their numbers more then germany - for example hungary or austria . 
  actually , i would like to invite some hungarian to explain the very unique way their goverment decided to fight against unemployment . 
  yup , this makes me feel better . 
  our wages are very low , but at least we dont have unemployment rate of greece . 
  while czechs are very un-patriotic , timid and pacifist , they still like to visit military exhibitions , museums and air shows a lot . 
  it is normal to have huge crowds to visit such events . 
  nato-days in mo\u0161nov last year attracted 140.000 paying visitors per day . 
  local air shows , tank rides or historical battles get easily attendance of 40.000 - 50.000 on average . 
  fully agree . 
  there were several ten thousand people ( a conservative estimate ) greeting the convoy in eastern czechia alone . 
  in pardubice , several thousands of inhabitants of this town came to the military base and wanted to take a selfie with the soldiers . 
  this caused that all traffic in the vinicity got stopped for 2 hours because of the masses of people . 
  on the other hand , there were circa 10 people protesting - all over 60 years old , just old commies . 
  i hope this answers your questions ? 
  recent poll has found out more then 80 % czechs support this transport , less then 10 % are against , the rest is undecided . 
  protests like these are set mostly by a few usual suspects . 
  old communists and some young pro-russian fringe organisations that mostly stemmed from the ground within the last cca 2 years , and are linked to russian embassy and/or russian minority . 
  on the other hand different poll showed that , 70 % of people are against permanent base of foreign troops in our country . 
  mostly because of remminiscences of the former bases of soviet troops . 
  we still fight to manage the aftermath - contamination , lost ammunition and old empty barracks falling apart . 
  the defensive nato/american radar stations in czechia and poland were cancelled after russia started to threaten the nato/us . 
  and obama cancelled it , despite polish protests , because he believed this move would make russia less aggressive . 
  how short-sighted of him . 
  this is rather funny . 
  the anti-nato folk has ks\u010cm-posters . 
  that means they are members of the old and still existing communistic party , that gets most of its funding from russia . 
  the same party that had the power for 40 years , the same party that sent an invitation for warszawa-pact tanks in 1968 . 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  we are a member of nato , they are our allies , by our own choice . 
  armed forces of nato members frequently visit our land , and czech armed forces frequently use area of other nato countries . 
  it is fair . 
  what does our constitution say about allied armed forces anyway ? 
  i quess nothing . 
  that turkey \u00b4 s humanitarian organisation has organised a press conference of sorts , with their flags and all . 
  i think they want it to be reported as widely as possible . 
  first choice would be slovakia for obvious reasons . 
  second is new caledonia . 
  last few days , i spent trying to obtain short term work visa for indonesia and china . 
  the paperwork needed is so frustrating , qeues at ambasy are long , one mistake in any formular means a delay of few days . 
  europeans are spoiled rotten by schengen . 
  we don \u00b4 t really appreciate how much simpler our lives are now with open borders . 
  we must do everything to preserve this priviledge !, 
  in czech , it is called `` bioligical protection of airports '' . 
  most local airports use birds of prey ( falcons , hawks and golden eagles ) in combination with hunting dogs . 
  brno airport used to have also a trained cheetah , to keep roe deer away from ranways . 
  halt you horses . 
  did you feel insulted by my post ? 
  why ? 
  it is a simple fact that most of slovakia used to be mainly rural before wwii , more then 50 % slovaks still worked in agriculture in 1930 . 
  or look for example at average children per woman at that time in both parts of czechoslovakia , vastly different . 
  but it was not meant as an insult - on contrary . 
  slovakia started on a much lowel level of economic development , but managed to catch up and now slovakia beats the czech republic in gdp per capita . 
  this is truly impressive . 
  what year was it ? 
  of course not . 
  but when speaking about 1945 , the us army came till pilsen and then had to stop and sit on their butts for days , so that red army could come and heroically liberate prague as agreed , while thousands of people lost lives in clashes with desperate nazis during that time in rather anarchic czechia , because russians were late for the party and americans were prohibited to cross the agreed border and help us . 
  the title `` sphere of influence '' is something i hate . 
  but when our country was once diminished to a mere czechball , then i would 100x prefer to be a kicking toy for the usa rather then the soviets . 
  the western part ( aka czechia ) was very modern , slovakia was mostly rural then . 
  if there would be 1 wish possible , i would like if yalta conference never happened . 
  and we would be `` liberated '' by us soldiers instead of red army during wwii . 
  does anyone have a statistic how many russians escape from russia per year ? 
  over 3000 legally immigrated to the czech republic last year and we definitely are not their most popular destination in the europe . 
  i guess they lose 300 - 500 k per year , or not ? 
  yup , probably similar to the us-mexican wall . 
  it is not only his weird friends ( several of them are currently on eu sanction list ) . 
  his main adviser is ceo of czech lukoil , who also paid for his campaign to become president . 
  if you can \u00b4 t see the conflict of interest ... 
  yeah , sorry , that we broke a promise with slovaks and shamelessly took the old czechoslovakian flag . 
  poland and the czech republic both got scores of 3,49 - just 0,01 higher and we would be green too . 
  red and white are old czech colours , symbolising old sign of bohemia - silver lion in red field . 
  in 1918 , when czechoslovakia was created , those pesky poles already used red and white , so we made a contest for a new flag . 
  some office cleark added blue triangle and it looked good , so he won . 
  haram means something like a sin i guess ? 
  i dont know much about religions , sorry . 
  i am sure pretty much every european country has its charter of fundamental rights and freedoms that states both sexes are equal in before law . 
  so if any european country would allow marriage that binds together more then 2 persons , it would be gender neutral .
