  i dont think the shooter wil get more then some internal suspension and extra training hours how to use guns in safe way . 
  the correct number for czechia is 80 animals ( counted this winter by volunteers and photo traps ) . 
  europe is densely populated . 
  and lynxes are strict individuals and each needs a large area . 
  in central europe ( czechia ) , each male protects territory of around 300 square kilometers and tolerates 2 or 3 female territories inside his own area . 
  i read the article differently . 
  immigrant russians live along the czechs and our minorities like ukrainians peacefully , but still in their expat bubble . 
  important issue will be second generation . 
  if children absolving our whole education system since kindergarden can be fully assimilated . 
  to become czechs with russian sounding surnames basically . 
  so far , it looks good . 
  a contract with morocco . 
  morocco helps policing gibraltar waters and accepts all illegals back that are catched en route . 
  in exchange , morocco gets some development money , quite a lot work visas and good relations with spain . 
  the only problematic points are ceuta and mellila . 
  despite high fences and concerted effort of both spanish and moroccan police , some pople are able to scale the high fence and reach spanish soil , where they can claim refugee status and get shipped to mainland . 
  because the enclosed table has been translated in a wrong way . 
  i \u00b4 ve read polish original and the survey was about `` czechs '' , `` dutch '' , `` russians '' etc. 
  it was all about people , not goverments . 
  skin colour doesn \u00b4 t matter much here around ( poland , czechia , slovakia ... ) . 
  what matters is self-identification to a culture/nationality/religion . 
  this is not about countries and their goverments !, 
  this is about people belonging to enthnic groups that poles have some chance to meet in their country ( immigrants or tourists ) . 
  we have similar surveys in cz , with questions like `` would you mind becomming a neigbour with people of said enthnicity : '' . 
  slovak and poles are most liked . 
  russians are in the middle ( and we hate russian goverment with passion ) . 
  while roma and arabs always get under 20 % approval rale . 
  it is nice and strange to be loved . 
  do you have number for czechs ? 
  i can \u00b4 t find us in your table ( not in top10 ) . 
  lupercalia tradition is still alive in the czech republic , in a different form called poml\u00e1zka / mrska\u010dka / \u0161myrgust etc. 
  last czech measles epidemy started ca 5 years ago , when backpacker came back from india . 
  you don \u00b4 t need immigrants to spread deseases , your own tourists visiting far-away countries is much bigger threath . 
  so far , no case with serious complications and permanent damage on health is reported . 
  but the epidemy just started - with mostly children under 2 affected , but also doctors/nurses . 
  large scale vaccinations of medical staff , school personel , family contacts etc. 
  is running . 
  doctors have now separated hours for people with or without vaccination/anticorps . 
  people with symptoms are isolated in infection cliniques . 
  laboratory testing to find out genetic origin is still underway . 
  investigations haven \u00b4 t found the index case yet , so nobody knows how it got imported into cz . 
  the whole situation is pretty annoying and will get costly too . 
  last week , czechia reported its first measles outbreak since years too . 
  20 people in city ostrava got it so far . 
  czechia had 0,6 murder rate last year . 
  eurostat dictates an exact way how to count unemployment rate that is reported to it by individual stat offices of member states . 
  it is so called ilo standart ( a survey , with defined questions ) . 
  i disagree . 
  italian debt of more than 130 % is not sustainable . 
  it is slowly killing its economy and prosperity . 
  non-performing debt in italian banks is another huuuge risk . 
  italy is not an isolated island . 
  it is an important stone in eu . 
  when greece was in crisis , czechia got into painful recession , while we are not part of eurozone and greece has almost nonexistent direct trade links to czech economy . 
  can you even imagine the impact of full-blown italian crisis on our economy ? 
  `` women go to university toilet together '' is more accurate . 
  it means : increase of the debt . 
  additional spending will help gdp growth and thus decrease the debt/gdp rate . 
  at least this is my understanding of his/her comment . 
  the only catch is that italy has balooned its debt into extreme , yet it still didn \u00b4 t have the expected result . 
  i don \u00b4 t know why people expect that if italy continues with the same policy , it will sudenly show better results . 
  wait another month when eurostat publishes figures for whole 2016 year . 
  it will hit local press then , i guess . 
  but still , italy is such a big systemic risk for eu . 
  if your banking sector should collapse , we would have crisis much bigger than greece could ever cause . 
  wrong . 
  current german immigration laws , including refugee acceptance , are much older than merkel \u00b4 s time as chancellor . 
  increased cooperation with police force of source and transit countries should help , at least a little bit . 
  interesting thing is that burglary cases in poland/czechia/slovakia did go down considerably in recent years . 
  by more than 60 % in last 3 years in cz , for example . 
  if they can get new georgians passport with biometrics . 
  we have already a precedens - turkish occupied area of cyprus . 
  legally , all of cyprus is eu area and all people have legally right for passport . 
  in reality , cyprus goverment doesn \u00b4 t issue eu-acceptable passports for people living in turkish part . 
  but the same can be said about any country . 
  if czech republic would give citizenship and passport to some random person , he/she gets all the perks of eu citizen . 
  bulgaria issues a lot of passports for macedonians . 
  hungary issues passports for ukrainians who speak hungarian . 
  poland has karta polaka . 
  several eu countries like malta , cyprus or hungary sell citizenship for money . 
  this is way more problematic . 
  georgia will not become part of schengen !!!, 
  eu has visa-free regime for tourists from many countries . 
  including uae , colombia , mexico or albania . 
  refugees don \u00b4 t need to go to georgia to smuggle themselves into europe . 
  what has russia to do with visa-fee regime ? 
  the eu has visa-free regime with over 80 countries . 
  in the czech republic , georgians play only small role in crime statistics . 
  most active are probably albanians . 
  also russian speaking mafias , other balkanites and vietnamese . 
  it looks like spain ( the prime target for latinos in europe ) is ok with the current number of illegals from south amerika and doesn \u00b4 t want to end the visa-free regime . 
  so it is all right . 
  when i look at total population of south america , its levels of crime and poverty , language and easiness of obtaining spanish citizenship , it is clear to me that the long distance indeed works nicely to keep the number of illegal workers at manageable level . 
  you said it yourself , you need to use a plane . 
  it means your passport and luggage is screened every time you go back and fort . 
  you get a stamp in your passport that shows the date you cross the border . 
  your personal data are stored for years . 
  if you want to leave the country , your stamp can \u00b4 t be older than tourist visa-free period ( 90 days in most cases ) . 
  while visa-free regime on eu border looks like a queu of cars . 
  you open the window , show your passport and in 95 % of cases the border guard doesn \u00b4 t even look at it and wave you through .
