  ( we cant save the whole world . ), 
  the czech republic got less then 1000 asylum requests this year . 
  and if i may guess , more then half will be refused , and of the remaining ca 75 % will emigrate west within first year , as usual . 
  berlin , saxony , bavaria and austria threaten to close borders on us every 6 months or so , over different issues . 
  we are used to those threats . 
  fyi , 78 % of czechs wish abolition of schengen and establishment of regular border checks on our borders . 
  it may be true we dont understand your sensitivities . 
  but you dont understand ours too . 
  i think that germans and swedes underestimate the sensitivity of this issue . 
  blackmailing wont help , it will turn countries against each other . 
  legal immigration is ok for most czechs . 
  we get up to 100.000 new legal immigrants per year without large complains or frictions . 
  that is 1 % of our population !, 
  we are good at assimilating other central/eastern europeans , balkanites , vietnamese , mongols etc. 
  please , dont leave the eu . 
  we small nations need the uk to be an opposing force to germany when they fly too far away with their ideas . 
  we need you inside . 
  and ? 
  their schoolbooks are not your business . 
  polish children are tought that czech silesia belongs to poland and was stolen by us . 
  and again , it is not our business to butt in . 
  it is their children . 
  so you expect macedonian army crossing your borders any time soon ? 
  because of a name ? 
  i will repeat myself . 
  you are petty and laughing stock for the rest of the europe . 
  nonsense . 
  we share silesia with poland . 
  we call our part simply slezsko ( = silesia ) . 
  no problem for poles . 
  both sides are mature now . 
  while considering we had 2 wars because of silesia in last century , with involvement of heavy arms . 
  fyi : slovakia calls itself lawfull descendant of great moravia ( moravia is a region in eastern czech republic ) and claims many old heros as slovaks . 
  we dont care , we think it is cute . 
  bavaria and bavarians is derived from name bohemia , their ancestors were germanics that ran away from here before slavs came . 
  we absolutly dont care what they call themselves . 
  you know , czechs used to be the same idiotic nationalists like greeks , serbs etc. 
  still seem to be . 
  100 year ago we were creating stories about our old heroes out of thin air , even false old cronicles were written , just to prove how great and famous and powerfull and civilized and and and we were/are . 
  now , if you ask a czech what we are , he will answer we are bastards of all nations , tribes , armies , refugees and prophets that ever crossed central europe . 
  is macedonia claiming greek land ? 
  i mean do they plan armed insurgence or so ? 
  this all is petty and just shows that greeks are part of `` balkan mentality '' in my eyes . 
  why different . 
  slavs moved into a balkan territory that was called macedonia for millenia and they adopted that name . 
  i still dont understand why greeks behave hysteric . 
  yes . 
  they are all buing airtickets to turkey and plan to cross to greece and europe as `` refugees '' because merkel promised she will accept all refugees without any limit . 
  [ with eyes on europe , iraqis line up to leave baghdad !, 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2015/09/05/437727526/with-eyes-on-europe-iraqis-line-up-to-leave-baghdad ), 
  nonsense . 
  our country is still known as bohemia . 
  while tribe boii was celtic and moved away 2000 years ago . 
  then germanic tribes moved in , and then slavs moved in 1500 years ago . 
  but our land still has its old name . 
  is there any legally distributed substitute for meth ? 
  becuase i know there is nothing here in czechia . 
  ( for heroin addicts - there is metadon available . ), 
  they do it for easy money , drugs or because coercion . 
  most `` actresses '' work as prostitutes anyway . 
  we dont pay any tuition at czech universities . 
  and most students stay in highly subvenced dorms ( less then 100 euro per month ) and eat in subvenced cafeteries ( max 3 euro per lunch ) . 
  to get part-time job is easy , prague had lowest unemployment from all eu regions in 2014 according to eurostat . 
  meth is the most popular drug in czechia since at least 1970s . 
  even after iron borden fell , it remained popular . 
  is cheap and domestically produced . 
  traditionally , it was produced in small quantities to supply your immediate circle . 
  but since 2008 or so , our vietnamese minority took over the production and distribution and they are doing it on large scale and they export huge quantities now . 
  germany is pretty pissed on us now . 
  we are like mexico for them . 
  i hope our police can suppress the biggest gangs , the same they managed to beat and scare away russian violent gangs in the 1990s . 
  this , we all agree . 
  i just tried to explain on what he was hitting when speaking about 7 years . 
  germans refused to share their job market with czechs for as long as legally even possible and they still block bulgaria and romania to enter schengen . 
  but now they opened door wide for everybody that throws passport away and crosses eu border , and even blackmails us to participate in this . 
  it wont make more czechs relocate to the west . 
  we have very low emigration rate ( last year , only 800 czechs moved abroad ) . 
  on contrary , we have strong immigration , some years our population gains up to 100.000 . 
  ukrainians dont take our jobs , we issue working visa only for positions that were unsucsessfully advertised for months on job portals . 
  what refugees ? 
  this article is pleading for bigger work visa quota for ukrainians . 
  and they are very willing to come here , they dont look down on us . 
  i think he is hitting on those 7 years that czechs were prohibited to work in germany after we got eu membersip because average germans were hysterical about us flooding and destoying their lands . 
  it turned out only few thousand czechs were interested to go and take german jobs after all , when that ban was lifted . 
  we like to live in our country , we are emotionally tied to our land and society , even 3x - 4x higher salaries behind open border wont change that . 
  at the beginning it was actually v 5 i think , but romania was kicked out early on . 
  they frown even upon austria . 
  with her proclamation she causes that more and more syrians living currently in refugee camps in turkey , lebanon etc. 
  will decide to travel illegaly to germany , via balkan route . 
  that is 7 million people . 
  please organize airlifts or ships directly from those countries to germany . 
  dont cause huge chaos and mortalities in all those countries inbetween . 
  you forget family reunification . 
  i think 1 million is stretching it . 
  this year has strong el nino predicted and that means long and harsch winter for europe , especially southeastern . 
  that should slow down people travelling from turkey to europe . 
  but next spring ... 
  so , why do they travel to europe ? 
  we offer them tents , turkey offers them houses . 
  german goverment made such prediction .
