  some people would do gardening like that . 
  in my first job , ca 20 years ago , we had christmas party at rented small spa-hotel with indoor pool . 
  some of us didn \u00b4 t know details and so had no swimming suit packed . 
  the rest just decided to go nude , so we could swim too and don \u00b4 t feel out of place . 
  i highly doubt situation like this could happen today . 
  i feel like people are more reserved and prudish . 
  i like stoic , pragmatic and timid nature of average czechs . 
  i fully appreciate it only after spending some time around foreigners/abroad . 
  average price of apartment in prague is $ 3000/m2 . 
  smallest houses start at maybe 400k , the same goes for flats in older/central part of the city . 
  average salary in prague is $ 1000 per month after taxes . 
  no idea what percentage is anarchist . 
  i just repeat what they wrote on our building ( one night , one spray colour , same style ) . 
  by prisoners they probably meant a small group of people who were prepairing fire-bomb attack on train , got caught by our police and charged with attempted terrorism . 
  how about eastern europe in last half a century ? 
  soviet union and its minions ? 
  all those direct and proxi wars all over the world ? 
  czechoslovakia was pretty mellow , but even here commies killed people directly . 
  we had political executions . 
  we had people killed when trying to escape west . 
  we had tens of thousands in forced camps and uran mines with thousands of victims . 
  over quarter a million people escaped the terror and became refugees . 
  economy and morals destroyed . 
  and one tiny occupation in 1968 when russian overlords got scared we are not left-wing anymore . 
  radical right-wing and left-wing ideologies lead basically to the same outcome . 
  we tried both . 
  two times . 
  my grand-granfather was an ( unofficial ) refugee from 1956 hungary . 
  he was die-hard active communist and when the revolution started , people in his village tried to hang him , he was a traitor to them . 
  he ran away with his family and landed in czechoslovakia , where they settled . 
  during 1990s , we had refugee camp for bosniaks behind our village . 
  i remmember only fuzzy the people now . 
  i just know i found it strange that we ( village kids ) could meet and play only with the boys from that camp . 
  all girls were prohibited by their brothers/fathers to ever leave the camp or talk with us . 
  i know because i asked one of the boys from the camp , who dated a girl from our village . 
  the idea his sister would even talk with any boy from our village was scandalous for him and made him angry . 
  at that time , i had no idea why . 
  they put light blue spray graffity `` antifa '' and `` free all anarchistic prisoners '' on most newly repaired plaster fasades of houses in the street i work ( in prague ) recently . 
  most of those houses are cultural protected buildings , you know unesco site and all that . 
  didn \u00b4 t bother them , they are vandals for all i know . 
  it probably originated from roman `` lupercalia '' festival ( google it ) , but that \u00b4 s actually just a guess , because we were never part of roman empire , so how the heck we could adopt it . 
  for sure , it is pre-christian fertility ritual that got intervined with easter holidays . 
  sources from late 14th century already describe that around easter , prague streets would be full of stands where you could buy pre-made whips ( willow twigs with ribbon at the end ) . 
  one day , men would chase women at the streets and whip their butts . 
  second day , it were the women who held the whip and chased after men ( this second day unfortunatelly dissappeared later , only some villages near polish border still keep this original tradition today ) . 
  it used to be mass occasion with clear sexual inuendo , no wonder church tried to prohibit it for centuries . 
  first , your question is wrong . 
  it \u00b4 s not slovaks who are special snowflake . 
  the whole central-eastern europe is insular/xenophobic to a large degree , slovakia is rather mild compared to some others . 
  for example czechs are far far more xenophobic on average , if you believe surveys . 
  that leads us to a question why ? 
  one possible explanation - these countries lived for decades insulated from the world , with barbed wire on borders prohibiting them to leave ( and others to enter ) , and their countries being subjected to domination by outsiders ( moscow ) . 
  nowadays , people here are rather poor and unsecure . 
  oversensitive to perceived forces that could endager them , their countries , their ethnicities , their slowly returning prosperity . 
  and when you fear something , you prepaire pitchforks - to protect yourself . 
  what could make people in this part of europe less xenophobic ? 
  hard to tell . 
  probably several decades of prosperity . 
  bring cee economically on par with western europe , and you will get western society . 
  the tide is flattening and might reverse in next few years . 
  read this article : http://www.colliers.com/-/media/files/emea/emea/research/cee/colliers_cee_boomerang-2017.pdf?la=en-gb, 
  it should be noted that employment rates for both non-eu and eu immigrants in the czech republic are very high . 
  employment rate for foreign citizens ( age between 15-64 ) 2016 : czech republic - 79,2 % switzerland - 75,4 % the uk - 71,5 % germany - 62,6 % france - 51,4 % apparently , we have almost 300.000 legal foreign workers now ( registered with social security fund ) and their numbers grow quickly . 
  current job-centered immigration seems to work ok for us . 
  no need to overhaul the system in any radical way . 
  of course we have a rule of law . 
  but , many issues need improvement , obviously . 
  while criminal proceedings are pretty quick nowadays , civil courts are often painfully slow - in cases of bancrupcy , complicated inheritance cases etc. 
  one czech speciality is politically highly fractured society . 
  this leads to many parties in parliament that need to struck coalitions to create goverment . 
  not a single czech goverment served full term in at least 15 years . 
  it makes structural reforms hard , you need consensus across at least 3 parties . 
  but it also prohibits parties/politicians to accumulate too much power and turn us into authoritan shithole . 
  when czech goverment collapses , nobody bats an eyelid . 
  our economy/society runs on strong institutions and broad consensus , not on name of prime minister or president . 
  it exists ? 
  i mean for more than a few weeks . 
  i would say romania ( estonia just close second ) . 
  romania used to be poorer than rural russia till 19th century , with slavery and all that jazz . 
  most of 20th century was also pretty brutal for them , including bloody revolution when commie regime fell and following deep economical depression with comparable conditions like during collapse of ussr . 
  their current quick economic development is impressive and at the same time , this is just the beginning , with huge room for improvement . 
  still like 1/4 - 1/3 of their population are subsistence farmers - imagine african village where people live from their small piece of land behind house and few goats . 
  in the other thread , i was talking about stereotypes in the czech republic . 
  we are the most anti-immigration country in the eu - if you believe surveys . 
  but , we \u00b4 re used to large tourist crowds . 
  you don \u00b4 t need to worry about your safety here . 
  tourists are untouchable . 
  places that i would avoid - football stadions , areas with high unemployment , post-commie countries outside tourist spots , area around calais , places with large drunken groups ( festivals ... ) . 
  the possibility that somebody will physically attact you is practically zero . 
  the possibility that you might attract bad looks or get verbal abuse , especially by drunken men or football hooligans etc. , is small but real in some parts of europe . 
  what you might face is prejudice . 
  an example : many german party clubs and bars don \u00b4 t allow single mena guys/all-male groups anymore , because they harrased women guests . 
  many airbnb participants won \u00b4 t rent out to you . 
  yes , there was a shift of popular opinion . 
  opinion on `` orient '' used to be more a mix of `` underdeveloped and often in bloody conflict , but so far away it doesn \u00b4 t concern us much '' and idealized romantic `` exotic unknown lands with fascinating people/customs '' . 
  our only contact were a few foreigner university students coming here , plus ( older ) literature on egyptian ancient history etc. 
  after start of terror attacks and expecially with 2015 migrant wave , average middle easterner has become a caricature of evil in local eyes . 
  surveys recorded substantial shift towards negative perception , by 30-40 % of people . 
  nowadays , mena people are as hated/disliked as gypsies - it means they are at the absolute bottom . 
  it all happened due to media reportages .
