  maybe i used the word dominate wrongly . 
  what i meant is - if you look at their economy and population , their total gdp is the largest from all ee countries sans russia . 
  due to its scope and quick growth , poland gets more interesting/powerfull in the eyes of foreign people . 
  poland has 40 million people and stable gdp growth of over 4 % annually . 
  of course it \u00b4 s more dominant power in this part of europe than slovakia or we could ever be . 
  the need to pay back money they borrowed to pay the smugglers . 
  so 400 euro is better than 139 . 
  erithreans and syrians can \u00b4 t be deported because their countries are deemed dangerous . 
  even if they would murder someone in the eu , there is no way they can be deported . 
  refugee convention . 
  i understand this all too well . 
  but there is just nothing else we can do to help unemployed italian youth . 
  our local bank branch ( outskirts of prague 10 ) had to shorten opening hours few months ago . 
  because of critical lack of employees . 
  dear eu citizens . 
  learn czech and move here . 
  why do you think germany is stagnating ? 
  in which way ? 
  their economy is getting better , they have balanced budget and attract educated immigrants from whole eu and beyond . 
  we havent decreased our lag behind germany in last 10 year at all . 
  yeah , we are a small insignificant country with shallow markets and that has some perks too . 
  but still , our \u010cnb had to print koruna to the tune of almost 50 % of our gdp to keep our exchange rate flat . 
  now it sits at huge pile of foreign currency reserves and doesn \u00b4 t know what to do with it . 
  kristinaz covered most of the points , but i would add : currency manipulation - our central bank artificially devaluated our currency by almost 5 % in year 2013 and kept it frozen at fixed rate 27 koruna to euro till april this year . 
  it increased our exports to eurozone ( exports make 80 % of our gdp ) and re-started economic growth and hiring . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  why your nights our sucked ? 
  what dark people scammed you ? 
  but i can easily see that czechs ( in prague ) are often not easy to interact with for foreigners . 
  we are emotionally disconnected/cold to strangers - both in expression and behaviour . 
  i like greece , so no giving away , sorry . 
  greeks just need to put their house in oder , that \u00b4 s all . 
  your first link is golden !, 
  thanks . 
  prague is overrun with tourists and tourism industry has changed the whole inner city into a disneyland . 
  but i \u00b4 m glad you enjoyed your trip . 
  this is good news . 
  we need all poorer european countries to grow strongly ( fingers crossed for ukraine and moldova too ) to decrease the inequality and inner pressures in our continent . 
  on the other hand , albanian unemployment rate still needs to go lower to limit youth emigration . 
  mostly gypsies ( roma ) from albania , kosovo and macedonia use asylum application to get some pocket money , or to start over in another country . 
  it is organized ( by their headmen ) to a great extend . 
  top 6 countries of origin of asylum applicants in the czech republic in 2017 so far were : ukraine azerbaijan georgia armenia cuba vietnam apart from ukrainians , i see no reason to accept the remaining applications . 
  vietnamese form currently the biggest foreign organized crime net in cz - according to interior ministry report about crime in year 2016 . 
  around 0,8 % of our vietnamese minority currently sits in czech prisons - that is much higher % than any other of our main minorities . 
  the second survey is from 2014 , before refugee crisis got big in our press . 
  can you imagine what results would such survey show today in cz :(, 
  while sovereignity very often is just a buzzword to cover your other policies , it has central place in euro adoption discussion . 
  sovereign monetary policy is very important issue that can \u00b4 t be decided by ideology . 
  we should join eurozone only in case when sufficient alignment of the czech economy with the euro area economy is the reality . 
  if we don \u00b4 t want to end like greece . 
  our central bank issues a `` convergence report '' about it annually . 
  it has tones of data . 
  very interesting read . 
  i personally agreed with the devaluation done by \u010cnb in 2013 ( those 5 % were not enough to cause big damage to us anyway ) . 
  it artificially decreased our unemployment rate . 
  it highly benefits the lowest-educated people to get at least some job . 
  in the long run , it probably helps to combat long-time unemployment of our gypsies , ex-convicts , school-drop-outs . 
  people that would otherwise leave labour force and end in crime scene . 
  you are right in a sense . 
  free-floating currency can help in case of asymetric shock . 
  but , so far czech koruna got ca 20 % stronger against euro since 2004 when we joined the eu . 
  our central bank runs responsible inflation policy . 
  your suggestion ( baby box ) shows you are a man and not a woman . 
  it \u00b4 s not meant negativelly towards you , i just state it . 
  woman that already gave birth to a child and established a bond with it will never ever agree to give it away . 
  because the worry about its unknown whereabouts would torture her the rest of her life . 
  it is psychologically easier for a woman to lose a child and know it \u00b4 s dead . 
  because you have a closure , you know nothing bad can happen to it anymore . 
  link to eurostat chart . 
  czech republic has lowest percentage of female workers in it positions . 
  we are worse than even turkey . 
  and it \u00b4 s not only it , but most technical-oriented education looks similar . 
  czechia has third biggest pay gap between male and female employees in the eu . 
  we might be progressive in some ways , but clear traditional gender roles survive here vehemently , both within families and in bussiness enviroment . 
  i hit into this almost dayly . 
  so , i agree with eastern_garbage_bin on this one . 
  if you don \u00b4 t hate women , then you must be very immature . 
  to bring a child into this world is a huge responsibility that can \u00b4 t be decided easily . 
  each women will agonize over it , if it \u00b4 s the right decision . 
  and it pretty much destroys her life if the father refuses to take equal share of said responsibility and she is left alone . 
  personal experience - i had a colleague whose boyfriend left her when she was in later stages of her pregnancy . 
  the next ca 6 years of her life were close to hell , she got even into hospital from fatiques and psychologically-caused illness . 
  fortunatelly , she was over 25 and had a job , so somehow ( with help of family and us ) she survived . 
  but among other issues , her being a single mother pretty much destroyed her chance of dating again . 
  if she would know early in pregnancy that her boyfriend of 6 years would leave , she could abort and would have a good chance to find another man , marry and have 2-3 children easily . 
  while her son is sweet and she loves him dearly , even she knows how fucked her life has become . 
  on the other hand , her ex-boyfriend found new woman ( he was already sleeping with her when he got my colleage pregnant , bastard ) , has third child now and lives pretty luxurious and content life with his new family . 
  tldr pregnancy can destroy life of a woman , while the father comes from it free like a bird . 
  why do you hate women ? 
  this is a good way how to pressure more young polish women to emigrate . 
  i can \u00b4 t see anything positive about this ruling . 
  are you sure you saw beavers ? 
  maybe it was nutria . 
  marriage recognized/registered by goverment leads to preferencial treatment of the spouses . 
  like : taxes . 
  inheritance . 
  immigration . 
  adoption of kids . 
  religious marriage and state marriage are separate events . 
  at least in my country , they happen independently on each other .
