  i doubt anybody from old eu countries would be interested in learning czech to come and work here . 
  germany , the uk , ireland , switzerland , skandinavia or austria look better . 
  but learning new language shouldnt be such a big problem . 
  get the basics yourself , emigrate , get some menial job in a factory/services , and spend few months in intensive self-study . 
  and then search for a job in your field and qualification . 
  in my past job , i helped our hr to sort documents to bring dozens of legal work immigrants from outside the eu , because of critical shortage of local labourforce ( welders , locksmiths , truck drivers ... ) . 
  at first , they didnt understand a single word czech . 
  so we put them together in a team with some fellow countryman , who worked here longer . 
  after 2-3 months , we were able to communicate with them directly simple things . 
  after half a year , they all talked more or less fluently . 
  in my district , the unemployment rate is 3,5 % . 
  the next district ( if you drive 10 minutes ) has only 2,8 % . 
  the nearist job center registers 2.000 unemployed and 1.000 full-time open jobs . 
  that means 2 applicants per job opening . 
  why don \u00b4 t spaniards emigrate if their job market is so bad ? 
  schengen is your friend !, 
  i havent tried the game , but sapkowski books are really good , my favourite fantasy author . 
  his main theme is clever critisism of racism , sexism , bigotry and lack of tolerance . 
  i know i cant convince you or anybody else . 
  i think you must meet gypsies yourselves to build your own opinion . 
  this was just my life experience i wanted to share , that changed my neutral view on them , nothing more . 
  according to statistics , czechs gypsies have unemployment rate of around 85 % , mostly because they have little to no education . 
  and gypsies make more then 50 % of our prisoners , despite being less then 3 % of our population . 
  unfortunatelly , when most of your experience with a certain group of people is negative , you might start to discriminate against them . 
  i wish we could have a way how to change gypsies . 
  but as long as they are not interested in education and assimilation , there is no realistical way imo . 
  may i add a personal experience with gypsies ? 
  10 years ago , my country was going through a big boom , we had unemployment under 3 % in my area and lack of workforce . 
  my colleauge ( hr ) got ill for some weeks so i agreed to take over hiring of new employees . 
  the company was growing and needed asap at least 20 new blue collars for the factory . 
  no education was needed , just willingness to work in shifts , operating simple machines , and some manual work . 
  boss offered slightly over average salary and took everybody who came , without asking about cv or past history , as long he could read and wasnt doing drugs on the first sight . 
  i was young , naive und had little experience in hr . 
  so when several gypsies came that they are interested in our jobs , i saw no problem with it . 
  equality , no racism and all that jazz . 
  they had ids , were living in near village , looked not homeless or drunk . 
  so i said yes and boss didnt protest ( i think he wanted for me to get a life lesson ) . 
  out of 5 gypsies , first gave up after 1 day and we never saw him again , including our equipment and clothes . 
  three other gypsies lasted less then 2 weeks , the moment they got their first salary they got totaly drunk and were unreachable for several days , and only one of them later came to at least apologize and ask for a second chance . 
  the last worked for ca 2 months , but had absentees for +20 % of his worktime , was not responsible , no talk helped , so boss lost patience . 
  after this experience , i would be stupid if i would ever accept any roma job applicant again , without a heavy backround check and references . 
  they are just too expensive for any company to invest in them . 
  it is not worth it , only a small percentage can adapt to a regular job . 
  just dont behave like a complete dick and dont forget basic good manners , and all will be fine . 
  czechs like americans so that goes for you . 
  what war ? 
  the czech republic has ca 250.000 romas . 
  latest pool showed that 83 % of czechs think living along with roma minority is problematic . 
  out of all minorities , czechs dislike romas the most . 
  even active muslims would be preffered as neighbours then romas . 
  i think it says it all . 
  i politely disagree . 
  prague pride gets few individual participants either in thongs or top-naked ( for girls ) , without more then a few stern looks , when they are mixed in the crowd of 20.000 . 
  cee is a region of very different cultural norms of what is tolerated . 
  for example bohemia and religious moravia are worlds apart of each other when it goes about what is acceptable regarding nudity or lgbt . 
  allied with both the us and russia imho . 
  those figures cant be really compared with each other fairly . 
  at first sight , it mixes apples with oranges . 
  some rates are seasonally adjusted , some aren \u00b4 t. 
  some rates are for registered unemployment , some are from survey results done according to ilo . 
  the important question for me now is not how turkey handles its own people . 
  but what he plans for foreign policy . 
  i dont want another crazy neighbour on european doorsteps , that might wreck havoc in balkan . 
  i think the idea goes along the line - if you let them go through your country to get to europe , we will send them back to you to be your problem . 
  so better invest more into safeguarding your borders to slow down the flow . 
  my grand-grandfather loved it so much that he decided to absolve it twice . 
  first barely surviving a lynch attempt in that maddness of 1956 , so he took his wife and children and run to czechoslovakia , only to meet tanks on his street in august 1968 . 
  i think it will exist , but only * de jure * . 
  it will be just big russia * de facto * . 
  we had to be really popular tourist desination in 1968 . 
  we attracted 750.000 vacationers , 6.000 tanks , 2.000 large cannons and 800 airplanes , within one night . 
  this might be a record ? 
  this might be truth for greece . 
  but at the same time , prospering germany is a big deal to its surrounding economies . 
  the czech republic exports 30 % to germany alone . 
  within last few years , our country went from net importer to net exporter , mostly due to high demand of our products from germany . 
  over 50 % of participants of last year \u00b4 s prague pride ( circa 20.000 people ) were straight . 
  they go there to support their family members , friends or colleagues , or they just follow their moral principle etc. 
  i have heard that same political prisoners are put into jails that house mdr-tb patients . 
  this is a tuberculosis strain that is hard to cure . 
  even with best expensive drugs , survival rate is less then 50 % . 
  so they are not shot , but their fate is not much better then that . 
  tokyo actually is a place i want to visit at least once as a tourist . 
  just to feel like a sardine in a can for a few hours ( and to see a little bit of their fascinating culture i was reading books about since childhood ) . 
  egypt took some syrians for sure , but egyptian population is pretty hostile to them , so many of them try to get to europe asap . 
  i have seen some survey about teenage czech women , how much children they wish to become during their life , and this number is stable around 2,0 - 2,2 for years . 
  not all women will find the right partner , and some pairs have fertility problems . 
  my conclusion is , if people wouldnt have much financial/housing worries , our tfr really might reach circa 1,8 . 
  but , personally , i would also rather have a slow stable decrease of our population . 
  because of nature , increased standards of housing and less pollution . 
  only three brave people among 12 million moscow inhabitants ? 
  wow . 
  i personally find hungarian system pretty weird . 
  it makes any google search so difficult . 
  i find prague ( 1,25 mln ) too big . 
  but 12 million - it just sounds so wrong . 
  two dozen fully clothed people , some of them holding a piece of paper or a flag . 
  do you expect them to wear niqab to be kosher to you ? 
  partially correct , becuase our number of births is higher then number of deaths , so we have both positive immigration and positive net natural change , despite low tfr . 
  while our tfr was 1,46 in year 2013 , it grew to 1,53 in year 2014 .
