  it \u00b4 s the same in my country . 
  our debt is still 10 % of gdp higher then before crisis . 
  we have good chance to reach balanced state finances ( black zero ) in 2016 , would be the first time in 20 years . 
  germany is our rolemodel , if it abandons its target , our socdem prime minister might have less pressure to keep our prudent fiscal policy . 
  elections are behind corner . 
  [ czech statistical office . 
  ] ( http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/zpravy/prumerna-mzda-v-cr-v-1-ctvrtleti-mezirocne-stoupla-o-4-4-/1357982 ) in first quarter 2016 ( latest data available ) average salary grew by 4,5 % in non-govermental companies . 
  median salary grew by 6,5 % . 
  we are doing reasonably well . 
  wages grow by 5 % on average . 
  labour shortage is real . 
  we have positive net immigration - number of foreigner workers paying social insurance ( = legally emplyed in cz ) increased by 62.000 last year . 
  we have some subsidized jobs ( subsidies for firms with 50 % handicaped people etc. 
  ) , and some re-educational programs ( truck licence , it skills , welding ... ) . 
  but it covers less then 10 thousand people at any given time . 
  what we have similar to germany is high structural unemployment in some weak regions , like around ostrava or usti . 
  areas that used to have coal mining and heavy industry . 
  in the most ancient czech version ( very short ) it is also mentioned that czech was from croatian tribe . 
  i was surprised by this graph too , because it doesn \u00b4 t feel correct . 
  oficially , czech unemployment rate for people with terciary education is 1,7 % and rate for people with at least abitur is 2,8 % . 
  it makes little sense to have such low employment rate for recent graduates . 
  if almost 20 % of them would be looking for jobs , or just sitting outside in cafes and bars , i would notice it i think . 
  on a serious note - it \u00b4 s not really dificult to rent or buy a camel in czechia . 
  they are kept by some circuses and farms , or as a pet on garden . 
  young animal costs around 3.000 - 4.000 eur . 
  this demonstration was pre-approved by police and city council . 
  we have freedom to dress as we like including full muslim attire , camels are allowed into city , we don \u00b4 t prohibit fake guns to be worn in public ( we have even conceal carry for real guns , those fuckers were luckly nobody got scared enough to shoot them ) . 
  that means , these people can \u00b4 t be prosecuted for any of these reasons . 
  what year is this letter dated ? 
  british economy has serious labour shortages , no wonder you attract people from continent . 
  i don \u00b4 t think it has too much negative financial impact on local population . 
  for comparison - 300.000 foreign workers in the czech republic ( total cz population is only 10,5 mil ) . 
  that figure \u00b4 s increased by 62.000 last year , mostly by eu people . 
  yet , our unemployment is lower then yours , and average salaries grow by 4-5 % . 
  are these by nationality or by place of birth ? 
  because for example many thousands that emigrated after 1968 from czechoslovakia to the uk are still alive . 
  could you put some details about average living strandart and changes in last few years ? 
  because belarus feels like black hole in europe information-wise . 
  everybody forgets it even exists . 
  but , doesn \u00b4 t vienna have a very high unemployment now ? 
  15 % i \u00b4 ve read somewhere . 
  while east used to be poorer then west , the differences were more gradual without a sharp cut like nowadays . 
  for example , czech lands ( that is now czech republic ) were slightly richer then austria in 1948 . 
  we were sending them trains with humanitarian aid in years after wwii . 
  while today , austrian salaries are 3-times higher then czech ones , and difference in accumulated wealth is even bigger . 
  printing money or increasing sovereign debt won \u00b4 t solve structural problems of any economy . 
  i think , burkini is just a symptom , a manifestation of complex behavioural system of certain immigrant groups . 
  in that recent riot on corsica , one youth said the group that contained women in burkini was throwing stones at women that were sunbathing ( top ? ), 
  naked on beach . 
  if you ban burkini , you also get rid of their males that apparently can \u00b4 t coexist with women in bikini or even naked at the same beach . 
  as a woman , i dislike laws that restrict personal freedom of clothing . 
  but , i grew up on nudist beaches myself . 
  and i don \u00b4 t want to ever encounter a group of radical muslims while on european beach , getting disaproving blicks , comments or even get attacked . 
  banning burkini can lock muslim women in their appartments and prohibiting them to visit beaches , which is wrong . 
  but if it means that i myself can sunbath peacefully while going on holiday , i support it . 
  i \u00b4 m selfish like that . 
  according to our news , that man who got shot twice with harpoon was a czech ( but living in corsica for a long time already , his son got beaten and he ran to get his father ) . 
  both landed in hospital . 
  they were christians from 10 different denominations , at least according to this [ article . 
  ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/curraffrs/sixty-chinese-christians-apply-for-asylum-in-czech-republic ), 
  you don \u00b4 t understand how asylum application works . 
  everybody has a right to ask for asylum . 
  czech republic got 60 asylum applications from chinese citizens ( christians claiming being in danger of oppresion ) in last 6 months . 
  in czech republic , as a legal eu immigrant ( = legal czech job , student at local school/uni etc. 
  ) , you are eligible for welfare since day 1 , under same rules and conditions like czech citizens . 
  we take the general eu rule of full equality between czechs and eu citizens seriously . 
  but maybe , we are just too naive in what we consider a fair play . 
  so far , number of eu foreigners on czech welfare is rather low . 
  the only significant group are slovakian gypsies that move here , because slovakia is continuously tighting screws on them , and they have relatives living here since czechoslovakian times . 
  at the same time , number of employed foreigners paying social contributions into czech system increased by 62.000 last year . 
  majority comes from eastern eu ( slovakia , poland , romania , bulgaria ) . 
  our labour market is able to absorb pretty large quantities during boom years , we used to have +100.000 annual net immigrantion in 2007 , and we might reach similar number this year . 
  free movement of labour is maybe the single best feature of eu . 
  you seem really stupid . 
  americans are third most frequent tourist group in our country , only after germans and slovaks . 
  we get 600.000 americans in our hotels per year . 
  also , americans spend highest amount per day compared to all other tourists ( even chinese and japanese spend less ) . 
  american tourists are also very well behaved and cause close to none problems here . 
  we wish to get more of them . 
  you are right , this wasn \u00b4 t a zero sum game . 
  when brits voted for brexit , it meant not only a huge hit to their london city , but also economical losses for our country too . 
  while we had no voting right in it . 
  how comes that brits could vote to damage our economy ? 
  why should i care about heath of british economy now , after brexit ? 
  we send similar percentage of our exports to the uk and russia , for example . 
  we survived the latest russian and ukrainian meltdow almost unscatched , we will survive british meltdown too . 
  and , that is a problem ? 
  i mean , i don \u00b4 t care if global financial hub is in london , hong kong , new york or anywhere else . 
  while i sit in prague . 
  czechia is a little better then you think . 
  according to some recent survay , around 1000 children live in gay/lesbian czech families . 
  i haven \u00b4 t heard about them being bullied in school . 
  another survey said that among teenagers in cz schools , it is more accepted to come out as gay/lesbian , then to be active catholic ( or any other confession ) . 
  religious children are openly mocked and bullied by peers , so most children don \u00b4 t come out about their religion . 
  he is correct . 
  unemployment rate in austria , is really around 11 % now ( if you count registered unemployed and people in sponsored courses for unempled ) . 
  the worst situation is in vienna , over 15 % . 
  the forecast for next year is another increase by 1 - 2 % . 
  we `` import '' foreigners , but it \u00b4 s not enough . 
  and they would need to know at least broken czech/slovak to be able to work in front-office positions .
