  i dont doubt the organizational abilities of germans/northwest europeans . 
  it is about very strong negative reaction of native population in several eu countries , fear can bring people to do stupid/ugly decisions . 
  the eu is an union of 28 suvereign democracies . 
  for the eu to function properly , you need a certail level of goodwill from all participants . 
  but it will end when crazy/corrupt populists can easily win elections by promising shutting refugees/migrants out . 
  without closing the balkan road , there would be no schengen and maybe no eu to talk about in a few years . 
  the czech republic had net immigration gain in all years since 1990 , with exception of 2 years . 
  link to [ relevant statistic . 
  ] ( https://www.czso.cz/csu/czso/structure_of_total_increase_1950_2014 ) even last year , more czech citizens returned from abroad then how many emigrated . 
  i agree with you , but it is pretty hard to sophistically calculate what would be optimum population of europe . 
  fow my country , i am pretty satisfied . 
  we had 10.5 million people 100 years ago . 
  we have 10.5 million people now . 
  and latest eu projection predicts our population to oscilate between 10.5 and 11.0 million in next 60 years . 
  i agree with the author . 
  we are the same generation , and arrived at same conclusions i guess . 
  `` the median proportion of female inmates in the total prison population is 5 % '' ( first page ) . 
  czech kunda is probably loanword from middle high german ( kunt ) . 
  english cunt is probably loanword from proto-german kunton . 
  same origin . 
  dont paint a devil on the wall . 
  are czechs really so stupid ? 
  i am quite sure zeman was there too . 
  not pm but still ... 
  500.000 babies per year now , this number increases as the number of adults grows . 
  syria practically doubled its population between 1970 and 1990 , and then again between 1990 and 2010 . 
  in that case , all countries must take quota only from non-eu countries like turkey or jordan . 
  eu must strictly discourage people illegally entering italy , greece and balkan , or coming through tourist visa to apply for asylum . 
  syria before war had 21 million people , that is half of ukraine . 
  they get 500.000 babies per year , thus double their total population every 20 years . 
  europe cant take even half of their population ( not mentioning palestinians , irakis , afghans , eritreans , or ukrainians etc. ) . 
  thus , there will always be millions people in shitty refugee camps on eu outshirts for years to come . 
  world is a scary unfair place . 
  there has always been latent admiration of that wwii period in some slovakian circles . 
  first independent national state . 
  economic boom . 
  catholic priest as political leader . 
  getting rid of both jews and gypsies by handing them over . 
  just idylic times being hitlers ally . 
  this might sound bitter , while i dont feel any animosity to slovaks . 
  it was difficult time and everybody tried to survive , every nation has its good and bad people and interesting moments . 
  there is no ideal and painless solution to the current migrant crisis . 
  but , at the end of the day , practical solution will prevail . 
  what i think will/have to happen : closing free-for-all flow of people through balkan , lampedusa and elsewhere . 
  even with force . 
  eu helping greece and italy to accomodate and then deport people stuck there back to turkey/lybia . 
  more support for refugee camps around syria . 
  rich europe must get rid of asylum option on arrival , because it is immoral to reward people managing this cross-country deadly race . 
  it might seem inhumane , but its pull factor is too strong . 
  willing countries should send officials to refugee camps in middle east and hand-pick people they want to accept . 
  make backround checks and then fly them directly inland . 
  if europe would refuse any of these steps , greece will be fucked much more in long term . 
  destructed tourism industry , large flow of undocumented people crossing their country , with drug/arms dealers profiting from no-rules-land . 
  flow of isis fighters , criminals on run , maybe even slaves . 
  and rich we countries will reach their breaking point sooner or later anyway , but the later it happens , the more fractured and hating on each other the eu will be then . 
  we have the best relationship with all our neighbours we ever had . 
  freedom to move , work and study in close to 30 countries . 
  european customs union and green borders . 
  czechia will take their share over next few years from greece and italy , voted against quota , but our goverment accepts the result of majority vote . 
  the first few hundert should come in next weeks . 
  we already have an independent program for relocation from me refugee camps , in small numbers and preferably for most urgent cases - families with ill children , christians or other minorities . 
  we have also program for relocation of people from eastern ukraine , around thousand people or so planned this year . 
  ex-communist who put on different coat after revolution , but still part of old establishment , i guess . 
  forced redistribution of millions of muslim `` refugees '' is idiotic idea . 
  if germany will continue to press for it , the eu will fall . 
  but a unified system of refugee identification with fingerprints and so is very desirable . 
  our country will implement it in heartbeat . 
  germany and most of `` new '' europe ( cz , slovakia , poland , hungary , romania etc. ) . 
  cz is now in the boom phase of economical cycle . 
  we have 4,5 % rate of unemployment and our goverment will soften visa for ukrainians soon to cover workers shortage . 
  our gdp grew by 4,3 % last year , while our population is constant ( czechs dont emigrate to the west ) . 
  npl is 4 % - comming back near pre-crisis level of 3 % . 
  real wages grow by 4 % . 
  employment rate is highest since fall of communism . 
  czechs are most content/happy since 20 years according to surveys . 
  asylum seekers are prohibited to work . 
  the process takes on average over 1 year , when they appeal , it gets much longer . 
  the recent big wave started only last spring , thus most of the recent refugees are not counted among workforce yet . 
  it was 11,3 % one year ago . 
  steady decrease by around 0,1 % per month means european economy is recovering albeit slowly . 
  i dont know about this . 
  but i know that many czech tourists has become pretty wary of visiting countries and cities that either were hit by last terrorist attacks or that had large amounts of refugees going through or accumulating in them . 
  cancelling vienna christmas trips , paris weekends , greek islands reservations etc. 
  i can imagine that some young czechs that planned to study or get a summer job in western europe might change their plans now , because their parents might be too afraid to allow them to go . 
  czech exports make 84 % of our gdp , we are a small and extremelly open economy . 
  over 80 % of our exports go to the eu countries . 
  germany is our biggest market , and we have a high trade surplus with it economically speaking , we cant leave the eu , without taking a massive hit ... 
  while czechs always were critical to many eu policies ( we generaly dislike authorities ) , without the recent pressure for permanent refugee quotas through germany , czechs would not think about leaving the eu . 
  because in the grand scheme of everything , the pros are/were still more then the cons . 
  have you searched actively for job at least once in last 2 weeks ? 
  have you worked less then 1 hour last week ? 
  two yes answers and you are counted in this eurostat statistic . 
  all eu countries act according to refugee convention . 
  but not all countries attract so much people from third countries to misuse it to circumvent immigration laws to the same degree as germany and sweden . 
  they are seen as heaven on earth , because their people are rich and naive . 
  the two countries with the highest percentage of accepted asylum claims or agreed additional protection in the eu are actually bulgaria and the czech republic , around 50 % of applications for both . 
  if you get reaaaally desperate one day , try prague or other places in the czech republic . 
  salaries are shit , but you will land job on spot ( engineers have zero unemployment rate here ) . 
  treat it as working vacation , till you find something better in finland or germany . 
  hm , not bad .
