  thus , i cant explain his reaction by simple dislike of other skin colors . ), 
  this might actually hold some truth for many easterners . 
  we listen to people that return home , they have stories . 
  i have heard similar complain this year , about ethnical and cultural mix in london . 
  my colleauge got good paying engineer job there , his gf studies there . 
  but he ran back in a month , to prague , because he coudnt stand it . 
  i think we will see a big flight of ukrainians from russia soon . 
  both gastarbeiters and refugees from donbas will feel the melting economy harder then local russian population . 
  so far , unemployment in russia remained low , but that is changing now . 
  non-nationals always get slammed harder then citizens in such situations . 
  there were very few ukrainians living in poland before the war in east started . 
  thus , i would guess , circa 750.000 ukrainians arrived within last 1,5 year legally . 
  based on info i gathered from ukrainian aquitances , poland gives work and residence visa on spot practically to every ukrainian that asks for it . 
  our goverment ( czechia ) wants to soften work visa requirements for ukrainians too , sometime next year . 
  i hope it will happen . 
  it is so much better to let them immigrate legally so they can work and sustain themselves and their families then offering asylum . 
  our experience with getting up to 100.000 legal immigrants annually from eastern europe during boom years in 2000s was positiv , thus it shouldnt get blocked by popular opinion , i think . 
  czech republic . 
  every student in our public universities , that studies in czech language , has same rights like students with czech citizenship . 
  that means we have tons of ukrainians and russians students here , studying for free and getting subsdized accomodation and food . 
  this law was designed in 1990s to get prefferencial treatment for slovakians after czechoslovakia ceased to exist and was never altered since then . 
  i fully agree . 
  ukrainians \u00b4 ve proved to assimilate nicely in our country . 
  we lack young workforce and they need jobs and they dont mind our salaries ( that are so much lower then in we ) . 
  one in seven living long-term in prague doesnt have czech citizenship . 
  soon , it will be one in four . 
  the most numerous group is ukrainians , slovaks are second . 
  communistic czechoslovakia was asked to do a lot of shit by soviets union . 
  for commie vietnam , among other things , we trained their interrogation experts ( aka people that know how to get info from captives using torture and drugs ) . 
  good portion of arms in sudan civil war was donated by us . 
  and much more . 
  we supported israel since before it was officially created till soviets started to dictate our foreign police . 
  and we renewed our support for israel the moment we regained our independence and kicked our russian occupators . 
  unfortunatelly , commie czechoslovakia had its hand in aggravating the conflict between palestinians and israel . 
  by arming , military training and financial supporting of arafat and his men by our goverment . 
  injured terrorists came here to be nursed back to health in our spa . 
  good chunk of their intelligence staff got training by our instructors . 
  this was done on moscow \u00b4 s order , but that doesn \u00b4 t absolve us of it . 
  i \u00b4 m glad that israelis dont hold grudge against us . 
  this shared history also partly explains our favourable stance on israel . 
  while we also have full diplomatic contact with palestina and their embassy here in prague . 
  price depends on country . 
  in czechia , it is around 150 eur . 
  it is prescribed by doctor , after health check . 
  woman visits clinic twice in two days , always stays there ca 1 hour under observation because of possible complications . 
  then goes home . 
  surgery is quickier ( it is done in 1 day , without hospitalisation overnight ) . 
  first , talk with your partner , what she plans and wants . 
  second , ask yourself , if you plan to stay with her 20 years and bring up that child . 
  if you both decide for abortion , then do it legally abroad , in reputable clinic . 
  dont do anything that might endanger her health . 
  there are clinics/doctors in many towns alongside polish border , in both czechia and slovakia , that are used to polish patients . 
  they might have polish speaking staff . 
  so called `` miniinterupce '' by either taking pill or surgery is available till 6th week of pregnancy . 
  pill is the preferable option . 
  if some countries would fail to keep their population stable , i don \u00b4 t see a substantial problem with depopulation of several parts of eastern europe , especially rural regions , either . 
  yes , these countries must well manage related risks ( pension system , geopolitical weakening ) . 
  but results might actually be really nice . 
  i like bieszczady mountains area in southeast poland . 
  it lost its population to massacres and forced transfers of 20th century . 
  but its nature regenerated nicely within few decades and it is now popular tourist destination . 
  if more rural parts of europe would turn this way ( in slow and peaceful way ) , i wouldnt be angry . 
  the header is absurd because it is not true . 
  our constitution prohibits discrimination based on religion ( or lack of it ) . 
  we get muslim asylum seakers too and they are being accepted too . 
  this time , czech christians got in contact with christian organisations in middle east and together , they organized this transfer . 
  because local church promised to take care of integration of those people ( accomodation , jobs , accepting into community , language courses ... ) , our goverment agreed to it easily . 
  if local muslim community organized similar transfer for people of some discriminated muslim denomination , they would be accepted as well . 
  in case you are interested - we have 3 official mosques and much more `` praying rooms '' . 
  we have around 25.000 muslims in land . 
  according to local muslim organisations , only around 1.500 of them are practising muslims , and most of those active ones are foreign university students . 
  our goverment has several stipendium programs for people from predominantly muslim countries . 
  european countries with good/improving economy see increase in birth rates recently . 
  germany itself is higher then 1.2 for sure , see [ 2014 statistics . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germany-birth-rate-rises/a-18664819 ) my country had total fertility rate 1,53 last year , the highest in 20 years . 
  this year , we have even more children . 
  and next year we await real baby boom ( based on published count of compulsory health tests done in 12th week of pregnancy ) . 
  if growth of productivity is higher then decrease of population , you can have gdp growing despite population decline . 
  an example - several new eu countries that have both high gdp growth and stable or declining population ( czech rep. , slovakia , poland , romania , hungary ... ) . 
  my favourite example is my country . 
  czech republic has currently 10,5 million people . 
  the same area during wwi ( 100 years ago ) had 10,5 million people as well . 
  demographic projections made recently by eu hint at future population between 10,5 and 11 million in 60 years . 
  if we can keep stable for two centuries without problems , other countries might as well . 
  regarding only written laws , yes , turkey is more secular . 
  ukraine is the eu one day ( when they reform themselves and their economy recovers ) is worth it . 
  large vultures in southern europe face many dangers and their populations are often fragmented or almost extinct . 
  i know some people that help protecting these birds in balkan countries . 
  czech zoos also send young vultures there to be released into the wild and restore their populations . 
  but it all is in vain when they just dont have enough food because of some eu directive . 
  dont pay attention to zeman . 
  he might be putinbot ( his election campaign was financed from russia and his main advisor is martin nejedl\u00fd the ceo of lukoil aviation czech ) , but czechs are in absolute majority anti-putin and mildly anti-russian ( occupation makes you that way ) . 
  president has only a ceremonial role anyway . 
  prague gets around 8 million foreign tourists a year , from all over the world . 
  you can see fashionable chinese , rich russians , american backpackers , saudi families in abajas , dutch school trips , west african students , ortodox jews and all other possible nationalities . 
  nobody would insult tourists in any way . 
  and czechs are chill people in general . 
  when crimea/donbass crisis started , czechs were pretty disgusted and angry at russian foreign policy . 
  but nobody touched even one russian tourist/student/businessman . 
  safer then ... ?
