  ( while most pairs decide to do both at the same day . ), 
  they can take down a mature tree easily ( with 50 cm diameter ) . 
  but they prefer young trees around 12-20 cm in diameter with soft wood , like willow or poplar . 
  sorry if my rant came across too aggressive . 
  most refugees from afrika and middle east despise our country . 
  when we catch people on their way to germany and offer them asylum application , they refuse it and sometimes threaten with suicide or killing their child etc. , just so we let them go . 
  arrogant fucks can fuck off - common opinion among czechs after withnessing such behaviour . 
  on the other hand , we attract economic immigrants from eastern europe , balkan , post-soviet central asia and some se asia . 
  our study visa authomaticly translate into work visa after graduation . 
  we have also self-employment visa that are used widely by americans , russians , vietnamese , chinese etc. 
  czechia is probably the easiest country in the eu to legaly immigrate to . 
  our strict approach to illegal immigration in combination with easy access to legal immigration roads brings fruits . 
  employment rate of non-eu immigrants is significantly higher than employment rate of locals . 
  we have no immigrant slums and no problems with integration/assimilation . 
  unemployment and crime among our foreigners ( +500.000 ) is very low . 
  why to change something that works ? 
  syrians have high fertility . 
  before the last war started , its population doubled every 20 years . 
  why do you think eastern europe accepts no immigrants ? 
  yes , many countries are poor and so don \u00b4 t attract much immigration yet . 
  but it will change soon enough . 
  unemployment rates in countries like poland , slovakia or romania are going down like a stone . 
  in few years , their average wages will show even stronger growth and open jobs will attract much more people . 
  czechia is a little bit further on this road . 
  we get circa 40.000 legal immigrants per year . 
  prague itself has nowadays almost 20 % foreigners . 
  and our economical boom just started after 2 long recessions ( during previous boom around year 2006 , we attracted up to 110.000 new immigrants per year ) . 
  happy to be central europe then ... 
  millions of czechs left church between wwi and wwii . 
  we were probably already 50 % atheist in 1945 . 
  commies might have later helped in the process , but even without them , we would be largery irreligious today . 
  most czechs don \u00b4 t really understand german politics . 
  and most also don \u00b4 t understand german language as well . 
  so locals will read only what is written in czech newspapers , or ( in better case ) what can be found in english online . 
  nuaces get lost easily . 
  it is not important what she meant . 
  but what was reported that she said . 
  she directly helps orb\u00e1n and pis in anti-eu propaganda . 
  thai version of budhism is pretty compatible with lgtb . 
  but that \u00b4 s rather unique i guess . 
  i \u00b4 ve checked our scores . 
  most indicators are average/expected . 
  where we fail : high suicide rate , air pollution , freedom of religion ( ??? 
  ) , tolerance of immigrants , religious tolerance , years of tercially schooling where we excell : basic human needs , shelter , personal safety , access to information , tolerance of homosexuals , percent of tertiary students enrolled in globally ranked universities, 
  translation ( authomatic ) : about 590 people have claimed asylum in the czech republic this year by the end of may , 590 foreigners had applied for asylum in the czech republic , which is 72 less than in the previous year . 
  most often , they were citizens of ukraine , azerbaijan and georgia . 
  statistics released tuesday by the interior ministry . 
  in the first five months , 23 people received asylum , another 52 people were eligible for temporary additional protection . 
  in 17 cases , additional protection was prolonged . 
  in 268 cases , proceedings were suspended and in 260 cases authorities rejected them . 
  nearly eight hundred requests were waiting to be processed . 
  ukrainian asylum seekers are most numerous ( 214 ) , before seekers from azerbaijan ( 47 ) and georgia ( 40 ) this year . 
  last year , 1477 foreigners applied for asylum . 
  in the years of the millennium , there were regularly several thousand applicants . 
  extreme was the year 2001 when the authorities registered 18,094 applications . 
  one case in czech republic was local convert to islam who decided to travel to syria . 
  he had no contact on local muslims or anything . 
  i don \u00b4 t know anything about second case . 
  but i would bet on our anarchist scene . 
  they do weird stuff , but so far the worst was burning of ( empty ) police car . 
  same for czechia . 
  labour market is overheated , the worse among eu countries . 
  real estate prices are exploding , our central bank announced new limits on mortages to cool the market a bit . 
  private investment is up , everybody is reconstructing houses/apartments , new car sales doubled in 4 years . 
  travel agencies have record bookings this summer . 
  koruna has appreciated 3 % against euro since march so our purchase power is better . 
  if nothing bad happens in next few years ( new world crisis or so ) , our economy and living standard should jump significantly . 
  our single jihadi was a socially awkward man , a czech without any contact with muslims in real life . 
  he spent most time in basement of his parents surfing net . 
  he got converted this way , he even started his trip to syria . 
  he got stopped on turkish border when he openly admitted he wants to fight for islamic state . 
  so they sent him home . 
  he got sentenced for many years . 
  edit : spelling actually , a pitiful existence . 
  the czech republic has something similar , just without govermental co-funding . 
  if company has not enough work , it can leave people at home while compensating 80 % wage to employees . 
  if unions or local govermental job office agrees , the compensation can go as low as 60 % . 
  it got adopted ca 2009 and helped many companies to survive both following recessions . 
  we implemented a lot of labour law reforms and austerity during the big crisis . 
  greek situation scared a lot of people so czech society was open to otherwise unpopular reforms . 
  the result of more flexible labor laws is broad unemployment rate ( similar to u6 in the us ) of only 5,2 % in 4q 2016 and decreasing . 
  while inequality stagnates . 
  no idea . 
  but , just yesterday i \u00b4 ve read an info that local czech car registers should get full access into eucaris system during 2017 . 
  it is part of pr\u00fcm . 
  so maybe we are on the way to participate in pr\u00fcm ? 
  10 % are hungarians , but many slovaks are fully bilingual . 
  hungarian is most used in southwest - exactly the area that has the biggest labour shortage and booming industry . 
  recently , number of deaths exceeds number of births in eurozone . 
  if you add rapidly ageing of population , the absolute number of people in working age ( 15-64 ) is actually almost constant . 
  total eurozone population in 2007 was 331 million , last year it was 340 million . 
  when we consider only people between 15 and 64 , the total population went from to 220,7 to 220,6 mio people . 
  that means total potential labor force is actually decreasing !, 
  czech republic for example is already feeling its demographic evolution . 
  our working age population ( 15-64 ) shrinks by 50.000 per year . 
  so far , it didn \u00b4 t hit our economy because our employment rate is growing , especially among women and older people . 
  it results in very low unemployment , nice wage growth , increase in total fertility rate ( 1,62 last year ) and net immigration inflows . 
  we will see what future brings us , but so far it goes better than some pessimistic prognosis told us . 
  southern part of slovakia speaks almost exclusivelly hungarian . 
  so hungarian speaking immigrants/employees have added bonus for companies there .
