  this is something really interesting to me . 
  poles are west slavs like us , share a lot of historical experience with us . 
  yet behave completelly different . 
  abortion on demand in first 10-12 weeks is a basic woman right in my opinion ( i am a woman myself ) . 
  it is a very hard decision , so that should depend only on her . 
  religious bigots like polish catholics and middle eastern muslims , tend to put their `` moral code '' above well being of their female part of population . 
  i like poles a lot , but this is something i can not accept about them . 
  so in real life , when i meet a pole , i never ever touch the thema of organized church , abortions , antisemitism , lgbt or their martyrdom syndrom . 
  at one prague tram station , there is a stone wall with an ukrainian flag painted sometime in spring 2014 , and with following text written below it `` today , it is us . 
  tommorow , it will be you . '', 
  if a war with ukraine and treatening of europe with military attack has brought putin such a high support , can you imagine what he could gain if he really attacked our countries ? 
  russians are strange people , hard to believe they are slavs like us . 
  ukraine 2014 / czechoslovakia 1938, 
  from what i understood , while apple prices went down a few percentages in the eu , polish growers still managed to sell and export all their apples they had in stores . 
  the whole affair made polish apples more popular . 
  even countries like thailand or sri lanka made first-time imports from poland . 
  i am a girl myself and guilty as charged . 
  thank you , thank you , for your translation . 
  that characterisation is pretty spot on . 
  how about czechs ? 
  i know about dying in weird ways . 
  but anything else ? 
  many countries in balkan , russia and ex-soviet countries have large markets for stolen cars from western europe . 
  if you know german , here is an example of tadjikistan . 
  i think you are right . 
  it is important to fighht the cause , not only symptoms . 
  it is impossible for eu countries to do anything good for the countries where these people are comming from . 
  military action against dictators or militants islamists will only backfire and make everything worse . 
  humanitarian aid will be stolen . 
  it makes no sense to ontinue with this all . 
  we should go isolationalist . 
  i think that the best solution is for eu countries like sweden and germany to stop accepting `` asylum seekers '' . 
  then people from africa and asia will stop coming illegally . 
  nobody will die in sea , nobody will pay smugglers . 
  only way to enter europe will be through obtaining visa . 
  legally . 
  i myself have problem with that small group of neonazis we see on pictures . 
  they are dangerous and police must consequently fight them . 
  put them in jail and throw away the keys . 
  general folks that oppose mass imigration from culturaly different countries are another story . 
  i think they have right to express their worries . 
  i myself am against quotas becouse i think once we agree , it will be a dangerous precedent . 
  so , basically it was a neonazi action ? 
  no wonder police took them . 
  neonazi are scum . 
  gays - with exception of highly catholic areas in moravia , where priests hold regular hate speaches agaist them , most czechs dont care . 
  i had openly gay colleagues and they never faced any stupid joke in all those years . 
  blacks - only neonazi think something bad about them . 
  most blacks are university students , so we have positive associations . 
  jews - again , only neonazis have a problem , antisemitism is pretty nonexistent among normal people . 
  the only people we dislike are gypsies , non-secular muslims and russians ( in this order ) . 
  most cities in cee have low street crime , compared with london , brussels or paris . 
  i sometime think cee countries dont get enough recognition for the way they managed to overcome chaos of wild 1990es and have reduced their crime rates . 
  while prague still havent reached pre-revolution level of safety , so we are currently worse then warsaw or bratislava in this matter , our police is making good progress . 
  for example pickpocketing is down by 25 % , car thefts and burglaries fell by 35 % within last two years . 
  the life is getter better by the day . 
  nobody reads russian news . 
  the same way nobody reads nigerian or indonesian news . 
  all are large populous countries , be we have zero interest in them . 
  they could be on the dark side of the moon for all we care , i guess . 
  top 10 in the 2015 global peace index : 1 iceland 1.148 2 denmark 1.150 3 austria 1.198 4 new zealand 1.221 5 switzerland 1.275 6 finland 1.277 7 canada 1.287 8 japan 1.322 9 australia 1.329 10 czech republic 1.341 also interesting fact : 15 out of top 20 are all european countries . 
  i meant flat land with grass or sand around lake , large fish pond or river , that people use to sunbath . 
  i had no idea they are not called beaches in english . 
  hehe , true !, 
  on a more serious note - we like our nudist beaches , and generally topless women are tolerated also on `` normal '' family beaches . 
  my village has such custom too , nobody bats an eyelid , there is no negativity to it . 
  now , can you imagine if we would get arab muslim immigrants here ? 
  i dont think they would be able to handle the cultural shock . 
  another question - do muslims see eastern european countries , that are eu members , as part of the west ? 
  i ask because i want to know if they hate me too . 
  what happened ( in your view ) that made young muslims in last 15 years so radicalized ? 
  i agree with this . 
  our average salaries might still be low . 
  but the overall quality of life in cee countries is improving at quick pace . 
  i dont believe we are nationalistic . 
  we are just born pessimists . 
  but i do agree on the part of languages . 
  the quality of lessons in our schools is just awfull . 
  most czechs that go abroad will return , it may take several years , but they do . 
  my colleague will move to the uk soon , for two years , so he can be with his girlfriend who decided to study there . 
  he found a good job there ( tech engineer ) . 
  but he also got a promise from my boss that he can get his old job back in 2 years . 
  he plans to come back , use his savings to buy an apartment here and get their first baby . 
  my previous boss worked in se asia for a decade as ceo , but when his children were old enough to visit school , he came back , as he always planned to do . 
  czechia used to be a big source of emigrants . 
  not only for canada , but also the us , uk , germany , switzerland ... for centuries . 
  because of wars , political conflicts , hunger for own land , ethnic and religious conflicts . 
  i myself have relatives in canada and the uk , who emigrated during communistic regime , married abroad and never returned back . 
  but it has changed during last 25 years . 
  we are not loosing people anymore . 
  on contrary , we are now a land of immigration . 
  our labour market attracts people from eastern europe and asia . 
  some years , we gained 100.000 ( 1 % of our population ! ), 
  it is strange that hungarians are leaving abroad in droves , yet czechs mostly stay at home ( less then 1000 leave annually ) . 
  we have very similar cultures , maybe even more then czech and slovaks , yet different outcomes . 
  3,1 % is really reported gdp growth per quarter . 
  year on year figure is 4,2 % ( we are tied with romania ) . 
  but you are right , that 3,1 % is a statistical anomaly , partly due to taxes , and also increase of inventories . 
  it will be revised down . 
  our salaries are shitty , so we get our gastarbeiters from ukraine , moldavia , romania , bulgaria and mongolia .
