  cheap beer i guess . 
  russia havent changed their behaviour even a bit , and the situation in eastern ukraine is still the same , just with less casualties right now . 
  i see no reason to lift the sanctions yet . 
  appeasing aggresor is very wise as everybody knows . 
  it worked just fine when sudeten was sacrifized to hitler . 
  it prevented wwii . 
  i dont think our country is in any way unique . 
  just a small piece of hilly land somewhere in the middle of europe . 
  but i think our people is our biggest asset . 
  chill , laid back , tolerant , respecting personal freedom , cooperative , with good sense of humor , keen on exploration and so on . 
  motto is `` live and let live '' and `` my freedom stops where freedom of other person starts '' . 
  our closest `` friends '' are slovenia and hong kong , according to that pic . 
  not bad society , i like both . 
  based on my limited info , education is not against roma values . 
  it is just not deemed important by majority of them , yet . 
  most male slaves used were castrated , thus little genetical trail . 
  female slaves were often used as misstresses , their children were accepted as legal heirs of their fathers . 
  this probably changed genetic map of north africa and middle east . 
  i would like to watch this . 
  i find the existence of active combat female soldiers in hussite army fascinating ( and morbid ) . 
  it looks like women made around 10-30 % of warforce then on their side . 
  women used similar weapons like men ( sword , axe , sudlice etc , ) probably just individualy customized to their smaller frame . 
  how frequent you experience harrasing in prague ? 
  and what form ? 
  many post-commie countries experience a rebound of tfr , at various tempo . 
  czechia used to have tfr of around 1,1 - 1,2 just 10 years ago . 
  it gets better with time . 
  it was 1,53 last year . 
  preliminary results show we could get around 1,58 - 1,60 this year . 
  and lastest reports about new pregnancies point to real baby boom next year , with tfr around 1,7 . 
  old communist and russia lover ransdorf . 
  i get allergic reaction when i see his face or hear his name . 
  in czechia , vw sales grow 15 % compared with last year in november . 
  \u0160koda sales grow by 25 % , audi sales grow 44 % , porsche sales grow 61 % , seat grow only 4 % . 
  czechs dont have problem with cheating software . 
  because we a priori expect that car producers cheat in fuel consumption and similar tests anyway . 
  because people , that are not your citizens , dont enter your teritory and never requested asylum in you country , have no rights to demand anything ? 
  your country has no legal responsibility for them . 
  only 16 % ? 
  i envy your country \u00b4 s administration . 
  in czechia , it is 22 % . 
  that percentage for hungary is deceiving . 
  their `` real '' unemployment rate is over 10 % . 
  also , hungary has high rate of poverty and near-poverty , personal debts , emigration and so on . 
  out of v4 , their average citizen has it the worse , i would say . 
  do you have a source for that percentage ? 
  not that i dont believe you . 
  i would be actually happy , if that was true . 
  that would be south/western germany i guess , or berlin . 
  then there is two of us :-), 
  i think it is easy , unless you look for some general office work ( secretary or so ) , there we have still enough czech job seekers now . 
  the situation is changing and unemployment in both prague and the czech republic is decreasing rapidly . 
  if you are unlucky now , try it again next year . 
  every additional language you know is a big bonus . 
  especially german , chinese , japanese , russian etc. 
  if you know any of them fluently , you will land a job regardless of any degree or experience . 
  tourism and foreign investment is strong . 
  also salaries are rising . 
  average for prague is 35.000 koruna brutto . 
  that makes 26.000 after taxes and insurance . 
  you can live well with that money . 
  it might be truth . 
  but still , czech women have higher unemployment then men . 
  and average salary is 1/4 lower for women then for men here . 
  i was not talking about german side of the border , but the czech side . 
  towns like most , \u00dast\u00ed , teplice and chomutov . 
  average hourly wage is 5 euro there . 
  and high unemployment . 
  and huge gypsy ghettos . 
  but still , people refuse to move out , to other parts of czechia . 
  eurostat has tons of interesting stats about employment rates , underemployment , part-time jobs , inactive population etc. 
  for all eu countries . 
  if you are interested in that stuff , i highly recommend to browse their site . 
  for my country ( czechia ) , now we have the highest employment rate since our country ever existed ( 1.1.1993 ) . 
  not really . 
  look at balkan countries just outside the eu like serbia , bosnia or macedonia . 
  also situation in turkey and ukraine is getting worse as we speak . 
  good for you . 
  in most countries , being registered as unemployed brings you some sort of advantage . 
  for example in czechia , state pays health insurance to cover registered unemployed people . 
  otherwise , you have to pay it yourself . 
  in result , only 1/5 of all registered unemployed czechs get direct payments from job office ( it comes first 5 months after you lost a job ) , while 4/5 get nothing . 
  but they stay registered , to have at least their health insurance covered by state . 
  yup , that \u00b4 s right . 
  even in our small country , prague has unemployment rate of 2,5 % while czech towns along border with saxony have unemployment rate over 11 % . 
  both regions are only 1 hour in car apart ( less then 100 km ) . 
  this is a long time issue . 
  the whole eastern-northern part of slovakia has crippled economy . 
  after heavy industry and collective farms collapsed in early 1990s , their unemployment went astronomical within 2-3 years and never fully recovered . 
  if i should guess based on stories from my slovak colleagues , something akin to 1/3 of their adult white population in eastern slovakia is working abroad and sending money home . 
  also , czech gypsies have only around 85 % unemployment rate , while among slovak gypsies it is close to 100 % . 
  i politely oppose to this . 
  very important and sensitive issues like mass immigration or territorial souvereignity cant be decided by majority voting . 
  or it will kill eu . 
  i am pro-eu , thus i can see what damage such decision caused here . 
  this time , it happened . 
  i can tolerate one fuckup by eu . 
  i think we shoud not overblow it . 
  but it should not happen again . 
  if merkel and other we politicians are not able to grasp that some issues are just too big and sensitive for other countries to compromise , then they fail as politicians and diplomats .
