  turks searched long for them , without success , till they cought a small child . 
  its mother pleaded to save the child and in exchange led the turkic army to that cave . 
  turks then killed her and her child , barricaded the cave and put wood inside and started a fire that killed all people hidden there . 
  the area was empty and turned into wasteland/buffer zone for years . 
  after turks were defeated , the area needed new people . 
  so new rulers invited settlers from all over europe there , and they came and started villages , where they spoke their original language , like my grandfather still was able to speak in outdated moravian dialect , and the next village spoke funny italian ( only the very old people ) . 
  this is a story that my grandfather told me when we visited his native village there , many years ago . 
  there is a huge metal statue of an eagle with a plaquette on the hill above the cave that has bones of many hunderts of females and children inside . 
  to remember the atrocities done by ottoman turks . 
  if there is one eu country i really wish good growth for , it is romania . 
  still rather poor compared with the rest of the union , they need to catch up quickly . 
  strong stable romania might be our good future ally . 
  what wrong have we done ? 
  those migrant flows are discrupting many balkan countries and create chaos and fuel stupid antipathies between nations there . 
  if we cant change german opinion on this issue now , we must handle it ourselves . 
  i think all countries in eastern part of the eu , and all eu candidates in balkan should pool resources and build a protected border on turkey \u00b4 s and greek north border . 
  hungarian border is too much north . 
  illegal migrants must be stopped before they ever enter balkan . 
  and if greece is posing as failed state , then their norther border must be protected on our own . 
  and this will win us time to wait for germany to turn back into rational european leader . 
  we need strong reasonable germany for our own good . 
  i dont agree with your opinion . 
  kalousek had to go into austerity because our debt was growing at astronomical pace . 
  it might hurt our economy short-term , but it was a good investment into our future . 
  among other results , austerity managed to get very positive impact on bond yields . 
  i mean , czech bonds pay only very slightly more then german ones !, 
  this significantly cut our debt dervice and saved a lot of money . 
  and while cash pooling is a good thing and i agree in this with babi\u0161 , the real reason while czech debt didnt grow despite 2 % deficit is one-time usage of old reserves . 
  reserves that were accumulated over years to protect us against sudden cash shortage . 
  reserves for really bad times . 
  nobody touched these reserves even when the crisis hit us the hardest . 
  till babi\u0161 came and just spent them , during economical boom !, 
  stupid policy if you ask me . 
  flood after me ... 
  babi\u0161 is profiting from fiscal austerity measures accepted during kalousek time and currently booming economy in central eastern europe . 
  actually , i find it really depressing that he plans with fiscal deficit of 70 bln czk ( almost 2 % of gdp ) for next year . 
  i mean , we are experiencing fat years now , so we should use it to reach suplus budget , pay off our debts and create reserves for the proverbial 7 lean years . 
  gdp grew by 4,6 % annually while gross debt remained practically the same . 
  yeh , i can see that my post might be confusing at first sight . 
  so i \u00b4 ve edited it a little bit . 
  the article talks about bad private loans . 
  so i provided basic statistics for non-performing private loans , broken down by country . 
  thankfully , banks in almost all eu countries are already in the recovery phase , and their bad loans ( npl ratios ) are decreasing . 
  yes , it will take years for the worst hit to get back to pre-crisis situation . 
  banks in greece and cyprus have it worst atm . 
  but italy , while having lower rate than these two countries , is more problematic case because of systemic importance of its banking system within europe . 
  edit : the european banking authority ( eba ) publishes standartized npl rations for all eu countries quarterly . 
  you can check its site for actual info . 
  most recent figures from 2q 2016 and ( 1q 2016 ) : austria 6,0 % ( 6,5 % ) belgium 3,6 % ( 3,7 % ) bulgaria 13,7 % ( 13,7 % ) cyprus 47,4 % ( 48,5 % ) czechia 2,7 % ( 3,0 % ) germany 2,7 % ( 2,9 % ) denmark 3,4 % ( 3,6 % ) spain 6,0 % ( 6,3 % ) finland 1,6 % ( 1,5 % ) france 3,9 % ( 4,0 % ) the uk 2,2 % ( 2,3 % ) greece 46,9 % ( 46,6 % ) croatia 11,0 % ( 12,5 % ) hungary 13,9 % ( 13,8 % ) ireland 15,4 % ( 15,8 % ) italy 16,4 % ( 16,6 % ) lithuania 4,5 % ( 4,9 % ) luxemburg 1,1 % ( 1,2 % ) latvia 3,5 % ( 3,9 % ) netherlands 2,7 % ( 2,7 % ) norway 1,7 % ( 1,4 % ) poland 6,8 % ( 6,9 % ) portugal 19,7 % ( 19,2 % ) romania 12,1 % ( 14,5 % ) sweden 1,1 % ( 1,1 % ) slovakia 4,8 % ( 5,0 % ) estonia 1,5 % ( 1,6 % ) slovenia 19,2 % ( 19,7 % ) malta 5,6 % ( 6,8 % ) total for eu is 5,5 % in 2q 2016 and very slowly decreasing . 
  so that the goverment maintains a semblance of legitimity . 
  legitimity is alfa and omega of rule of law and international recognition . 
  but also used for propaganda purposes , children/citizen indoctrination etc. 
  nazi germany held elections , communist countries in eastern europe held elections , venezuela or north korea hold elections . 
  why is italian youth unemployment so high ? 
  i mean you are almost on par with greece and spain !, 
  our budget has many issues . 
  but balanced budget is still avesome . 
  we celebrate it today too , just maybe a little bit toned down . 
  it is called du\u0161i\u010dky ( little souls day ) . 
  the time when souls of dead relatives come back to this world . 
  families meet together and honour them . 
  marginalized ethnic groups often land in jail . 
  circa 30 % - 40 % of people in czech jails are roma . 
  while roma make only 2 % of our total population . 
  when he says that majority of romanian criminals in western europe are roma , believe him . 
  the best criminal is a person that never becomes criminal . 
  that means we should focus more on children and youth . 
  you are right , we have around 500 slovaks in our prisons . 
  we have large slovak minority , also high number of slovaks just visit our country ( travelling , shopping ) frequently . 
  and we have rather harsh sentences for crimes . 
  doing the same crime in western europe , you would get only 1/2 or 1/3 of our typical prison sentence . 
  our jails are overcrowded because of this hard punishment of criminals . 
  this explain most of the difference between czechs and slovakian expats in eu . 
  czechs emigrate mostly to west and when they do crime , they get short/no prison term . 
  slovaks emigrate to cz and when caught commiting crime , they spend long time behind bars . 
  slovakia is integrated into the german supply chain to the same degree like cz . 
  slovakia even produces the most cars per capita in the whole world . 
  but you are right that slovakia has higher unemployment rate than us . 
  ever since the fall of communism till today . 
  i can \u00b4 t comment on situation and criminals from other countries . 
  but czech police is getting increasingly better in breaking organized bands ( consisting of both czechs and foreigners ) . 
  crime rate in the czech republic is thus decreasing each year by more then 10 % . 
  especially burglaries and car theft is getting rare here . 
  youth deliquency in czechia decreased by almost 90 % within last 20 years . 
  our newest generation is more law abiding then any other before . 
  when our older criminals retire , we won \u00b4 t `` export '' almost any criminals to you . 
  our police is also increasing its cooperation with neighboring countries like bavaria , saxony and austria . 
  they investigate and arrest people who use our country like home base or transit . 
  this should decrease crime in your country in the long term . 
  hunderts of czech police and army people are now serving on macedonian , serbian and hungarian border and shutting up the balkan road . 
  which is used not only for illegal immigrants , but also for trade in weapons , drugs , stolen goods etc. 
  we might not be the ideal neighbour . 
  but i hope you realise we are also not the worse . 
  germany was bullied into euro against their will . 
  otherise france would not allow reunification of germany . 
  i don \u00b4 t think i can find much reliable sources . 
  oficially , our statistical office registers 195 000 eu foreigners living at the end of 2015 in czechia . 
  400 of them portugese , 4.000 italians , 20.000 germans etc. 
  while , acording to our labor ministery , 245 000 eu foreigners paid social insurance to czech welfare fund in december 2015 . 
  you pay it if you work legally in cz and earn over 10 000 czk in given month .
