  our demographics doesn \u00b4 t allow us to be more generous than what we have now . 
  i think our current system works reasonably well . 
  we have lowest percentage of people bellow poverty rate in the eu . 
  we have lower inequality than sweden . 
  lowest unemployment rate in the eu . 
  quality of life of average czech is better than what simple look at gdp figure might reveal . 
  our very low emigration to the west eu is a good indicator of it . 
  heavily regulated domestic banking sector . 
  right after devastating banking crisis in 1997 , our central bank has implemented detailed regulations and auditing of banks and insurance companies , stricter than any other european country afaik . 
  this leads to profitable , stable and well capitalized banks that didn \u00b4 t need any bailing out during recent crisis . 
  general aversion of czech population to inflation , large debts or weak currency . 
  average czechs in everyday life are more risk-averse than even germans . 
  political parties , even populists like ano , run their election campaign on promise of lowering public debt without tax increase . 
  centre-right goverment ( 2010-2013 ) implemented austerity during recession . 
  it was done because it was a popular step . 
  this leads to one of lowest total debts ( public + private ) compared to gdp among all eu countries . 
  before the last economical crisis in 2007 , our debt was only 27 % of gdp . 
  during the crisis it grew up to 45 % . 
  now we are at 39 % . 
  i think we should slowly get down to around the same level as before the crisis ( cca 30 % of gdp ) . 
  to be prepaired for the next crash in europe . 
  you know , looking at italian banks , the next crisis might be nearer than we think . 
  i didn \u00b4 t watch zeman . 
  i hate that person intenselly . 
  i pretend he doesn \u00b4 t exist . 
  we have 135.000 open job positions according to \u00da\u0159ad pr\u00e1ce statistics and intrastat . 
  ofcourse , our exports will be hit by koruna appreciation . 
  but , thanks to very low unemployment , we shouldn \u00b4 t suffer too much . 
  some strugling companies might go down , but their employees will find new jobs very quickly . 
  at the end , it will increase our productivity . 
  hard brexit , on the other side , can do much lasting damage to our economy . 
  2016 - year with lowest number of traffic accident deaths since year 1961 ( when statistics started ) . 
  lowest number of suicides since year 1876 ( aka the beginning of reliable statistics ) . 
  lowest crime rate since year 1991 . 
  crime decreases very quickly , it got slashed by 1/3 within last 3 years . 
  highest fertility rate ( children per woman born ) since year 1993 and trend is still increasing . 
  if our central bank stops its currency interventions ( should happen in summer 2017 ) , koruna will get stronger against euro and dollar by circa 5 % , aka cheaper holidays to us . 
  actually , i have much admiration for swedes . 
  your intentions are very nice . 
  society is very trusting and altruistic , and its institutions very stable . 
  i wish we czechs could someday come even close to you . 
  on the other hand , the number of recent asylum seekers in your country seems too high even for such good country . 
  the problem in my eyes is not immigrants or refugees as individual people . 
  you can always perfectly integrate one person or one family in otherwise homogenous surrounding . 
  but the sheer number of them , in such short time , from culturally incompatible places and without weeding out the small criminals and thugs first . 
  you are way over your carring capacity . 
  actually , i don \u00b4 t think you can find any clear trend on data from european countries , without detailed backround . 
  one example - fertility rates in czechia ( aka the same area what is now the czech republic ) during wwi and wwii . 
  the rate went down significantly in wwi ( by 60 % ) - men were sent into war , food was expensive , illnesses soared , women didn \u00b4 t want to bring child into such uncertain times . 
  while during wwii , czech fertility increased by 50 % . 
  why ? 
  because we were annexed by germany and young local adults were taken and sent to germany to work for free in their factories or on farms . 
  pregnant women or women with infants were extempted . 
  so , every young czech woman tried to get pregnant and avoid forced labor in this way . 
  despite war , food scarcity and hopelessness , our fertility rate went up . 
  actually , the heaviest loss in europe during wwii was in belarus and ukraine ( over 25 and 20 % of their entire population ) . 
  switzerland was neutral and didnt \u00b4 t fight both in wwi and wwii . 
  most of scandinavia had minimal loses . 
  the uk lost only a small percentage of its population . 
  yet , belarus and ukraine show still very high homicide rate , while whole western europe is very peacefull , no matter if they lost many ( germany ) or nobody ( switzerland ) . 
  2012 was during the worst euro crisis . 
  since then , most countries in europe saw a decrease in crime , including homicides . 
  these maps are straight from the un ( see source ) . 
  please take your compain there . 
  why would it go up so much ? 
  in the czech republic , our homicide rate is 15 % down compared to 2 years ago . 
  car theft went down by 43 % and even pickpocketing is down by around 5 % . 
  post-ussr countries have many huge societal problems . 
  if they didn \u00b4 t have strict gun policies , their homicide rates would be even higher than what you can see on that map . 
  actually , the best post-ussr country seems to be estonia . 
  they managed to go from 17 murders per 100.000 20 years ago , to 3 murders per 100.000 in year 2014 . 
  and their rate is falling constantly . 
  they might reach eu-average homicide rate of 1.1 within a decade . 
  i work in prague , which is by far the most crime-ridden region of our country . 
  with 15 % foreign minority , 20 million tourists a year , travel hub , and overrun by russian , balkan , caucasus , vietnamese and chinese mafia . 
  we have on average 10 murders per year , among population of 1.3 million . 
  practically all eu countries experience a steady decreasy in homicide rates within last 15 year . 
  so , we don \u00b4 t differ from the us . 
  it was not 12 dead germans . 
  so far only 8 victims were officially identified . 
  one of them polish , one israeli , one italian , one czech and 4 germans . 
  i think you don \u00b4 t understand wide implications of refugee flow for the czech republic . 
  first , refugees use the area of czech republic to get into germany . 
  this leads to problem for us . 
  our police catches around 10.000 illegals a year , mostly on their way to germany . 
  it costs money to arrest them , process them , deport them etc. 
  second , more important issue is german reaction to refugees . 
  more and more germans want to close their borders . 
  that would discrupt our economy enourmously . 
  czechia is highly dependent on exports to germany ( +30 % of gdp ) , german tourists are by far the biggest group here too . 
  we need schengen working . 
  not to mention the more and more xenophobic view of germans on all foreigners/immigrants . 
  when germans move in that direction , they won \u00b4 t make a distinction between east euros , muslims or afrikans . 
  they will be aggressive to all of them . 
  we might become collateral victims . 
  your unemployment rate went down drastically this summer . 
  many new junior and part-time jobs were created . 
  these pay under-average wage probably , and a lot of that is paid under table too , thus screwing the satistics . 
  so you have more people working , older employees dont see any negative wage development , yet the average hourly wage went down . 
  this is actually good news , it means your economy accelerated .
