  fat years should be used to pay back loans we took during crisis . 
  goverment surplus makes a lot of sense to me . 
  it means the existing debt is getting paid little by little . 
  once we would get to a reasonable level again , lets say 10-20 % of gdp , budget planning can switch back to black zero . 
  i personally would prefer to still run a slight surplus after it , and that money should be put into buying state assets , especially land ( that would be turned into national parks etc. ), 
  or other investment . 
  you know , my country has a huge demographic problem . 
  during crisis after fall of communism , people stopped to have children . 
  we went from 2,2 children per woman to just 1,1 child . 
  it is getting better , it is 1,6 now and growing , but we lack one whole generation . 
  if we don \u00b4 t save up every cent we can now , our pension and healtcare system will just explode into our eyes in next 20 years . 
  i am sorry , but we are in a different boat , you and me . 
  i am central right voter , but would vote for any party ( minus extremists ) that would enforce a law that would guarantee govermental budget surplus each and every year - with exception of recesion years . 
  i am deeply impressed by germany and switzerland that they could reach such stage . 
  i wish it for my country too . 
  on the other hand , if other countries love budget deficits , they can do what their voters wish . 
  only southern europe plus the uk are against austerity . 
  whole eastern europe , north and central part is for austerity . 
  this is cultural difference . 
  and can never be resolved in a way all countries would be happy . 
  czech sounds funny to polish i have been told many times . 
  first , we use a lot of diminutive words and solf pronunciation , so we sound like small children to polish people . 
  second , we have many false friends words with polish , same word with totaly different meaning , like szukat means to search in polish , but having sex in czech and so on . 
  imagine sitting on business meeting and person holds speach that contains a lot of words from sexual slang in your own language , you will involuntary smile . 
  and third , czech language almost died out around year 1800 due to germanisation . 
  when linguists were working on recreating the language , they had to grab old books from 14th and 15th century . 
  so we sound pretty archaic to other slavic speakers , like you would watch actors from historic movie . 
  but we are in special situation , because we are small very open economy and member of eu , so there is little danger for us . 
  1 ) eu has 500 million people . 
  czech company can get a romanian or spaniard very easily . 
  2 ) our export ( and import ) volume makes 85 % of our gdp . 
  there won \u00b4 t be hyperinflation , because whole eu has zero inflation and we import deflationary pressure from countries around us . 
  3 ) we have our own currency koruna . 
  right now , it is caped to euro to beat deflation . 
  but in case there woud be danger of inflation , our central bank can just decouple us . 
  so , instead of inflation , we would get appreciation of koruna against euro . 
  actually , i don \u00b4 t think unemployment rate of less then 4 % is impossible . 
  prague itself had 2,3 % in the first quarter of this year . 
  unofficial calculations by czech financial ministerium show that the czech republic will become net contributor to eu funds the moment when the uk leaves the eu . 
  so far , practically all children living in czech samesex households are biological children of one of the partner . 
  that means this new legislation should solve the most common problem where only 1 parent is recognized , while the second is not . 
  when one day adoptions of unrelated chilren will be common , there will be need for adoption right for couples . 
  it is one step at time . 
  easier for the population to accept and stay calm . 
  i think your argument is important , but it varies among countries . 
  during a survey among czech population last year , 75 % support registered partnerships , 49 % support full marriage rights , and 59 % support child adoptions . 
  the main reason opponets had was that children might lack role model in family and migth get target of bullying . 
  but , all this discussion in our country is only about law and written rules . 
  in real everyday life , thousands of samesex pairs live openly together and raise children in their households . 
  without noticeable problems . 
  czechs are very laidback and calm . 
  yup , my country is being destroyed and heavens are crumbling down on us sinful czechs . 
  any time now . 
  unofficial calculations from czech financial ministery show that czech republic will be net contributor once the uk leaves the eu . 
  our gdp per capita is not so far off average of the eu , and when rich brits leave , we will get over average of the remaining eu citizens and thus we will start to contribute to less lucky eu regions ( romania , greece ... ) . 
  we have also pretty strong net immigration of labour force from eu countries , due to low unemployment . 
  we even think about large-scale import of ukrainians because of labour shortages . 
  all that czech republic needs is oportunity that eu gives us ( free single market and free labour movement area ) . 
  eu funds are just a cherry on top and not really important . 
  im a strong eu supporter , but i dont want federal eu anytime soon . 
  and i dont think majority of czechs would agree with federalisation . 
  surprised . 
  i havent believed in brexit . 
  and sad . 
  brits apparently hate czechs/slovaks/poles ... so much that they are willing to accept economic hit just to get rid of us . 
  only around 25 % of all new foreign immigrants into the uk are from new eu countries . 
  with economies in eastern eu growing and unemployment rate decreasing pretty quickly , their share on immigration will decrease . 
  very high immigration , from east eu , balkan and middle east . 
  on the other hand , austria has lower fertility rate ( children per woman ) then we , czechs . 
  actually , around 10 % of people in vienna are muslims already , their share in schools is even higher . 
  and because immigrants and refugees prefer large cities and have lower education , austrian cities have now very high unemployment . 
  vienna itself has 15 % unemployment rate and it \u00b4 s growing now when refugees from last year get permits to work . 
  only now i \u00b4 ve realised venezuela has more then 30 million people . 
  i always thought they are a small country of + -5 mio and never bothered to check it . 
  together with ill brazil and chronicly bad economy in argentina , s.amerika is there for a wild ride i guess . 
  how to help venezuelans in any meaningful way , does anybody know ? 
  maybe , we ( new eu countries ) could start thinking about some ways to discourage our people into moving to the uk ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think about penalties or bans . 
  it needs to be legal and ok from moral point of view . 
  who is the largest demographic that leaves ? 
  young single people under 30 . 
  so , how about to change our tax systems to give them tax breaks on income ? 
  subsidized mortages for young ? 
  more kindergardens ? 
  something along those lines . 
  they were not ressetled by unhcr or eu . 
  they were iraqis , living as internally displaced persons within kurdish part of iraq . 
  czech ngo helped them to place czech asylum applications without stepping foot into our country ( this is not standart procedure , our ministry had to approve an exception ) . 
  they were vetted by our intel to check backround and legality of personal documents . 
  then , they got awared full asylum status and could immigrate legally by airplane . 
  because they were approved asylants ever since they came here , they were allowed to work immediatelly , their children were placed in schools , they got subsidized individual accomodations in towns , free language courses and there was no threat to be deported when situation gets better in iraq . 
  if they would play by our rules , they could get czech citizenship very soon . 
  edit because these iraqis got special treatment allowed by our ministerium first , they went to this ministerium one day prior their trip to germany and handed a signed official document that they renounce their asylum status and want to leave our country . 
  our minister personally tried to change their mind , without success . 
  this whole special treatment of a small batch of christians from me was partly a pr case . 
  our goverment ( social democrats ) was pressured by eu to accept refugee quota , but czech society was going bonkers about me muslims and our goverment would fall if they would agree quickly . 
  so they tried a salami method - to accept small number of christians so that our society would calm down and accept at least some refugees . 
  with time , the program was planned to continue with bigger numbers . 
  and when czechs would lose slowly interest and got used to the idea , it would continue with eu quotas ( = mostly muslims ) . 
  the escape of these iraqis towards germany had exactly opposite efect then intended .
