  americans are taught spanish . 
  in the uk we have to learn a foreign language from 8 to 16 ( i myself will be still learning french in university ) . 
  canadians are taught french : it is an official language because of les quebecois . 
  i do n't know about australians though . 
  in fact , i am doing my french a-level this summer, 
   ` this is so bad even eurovision would have rejected it ' holy shit, 
  the unit is specifically for attacking , not checking their own firewalls . 
  yes , but what i am saying is that the focus is on making sure everything is secure , not trying to infiltrate foreign networks . 
  they may know how to attack , but that is not where the capabilities are being applied at present . 
  what i mean is that the uk is not , as far as i know , creating offensive cyberwarfare teams . 
  the us , is seems , does have teams which create worms ( e.g. 
  stuxnet ) but they are not creating hacker groups for offensive purposes ( or maybe they are ? ), 
  it does n't really answer my question . 
  do you think that the states would be able to co-operate , or do you think that they would look out for their own interests too much ? 
  indeed , would the meps work together ? 
  do you think that this will be the system under which the eu will finally be united ? 
  to me , it seems like it would be rather a large leap from independant states to a united country . 
  would a yugoslavia-style democracy be more likely , at least initially ? 
  also , you say that the union will happen when spain & the uk disintergrate . 
  however , this does n't really make sense : why would , for exmple , catalonia decide to split from spain , only to find itself once again in the same nation as spain as a state , not an independant country . 
  would n't that defeat the whole point of the nationalist movements ? 
  let 's hope it does n't come to that, 
  i 've always wondered if political union would work . 
  as i see it , it would depend on member states co-operating and being willing to sacrifice their interests for the greater good of the union . 
  i personally can not see this happening for a while , though that could be because i live in a particularly eurosceptic country . 
  is the general feeling different elsewhere in europe ? 
  in fact , this exact thing was being proposed by lord owen in today 's papers . 
  true , but i think it means that its values are mainly protestant ( protestant work ethic , austerity and so on ), 
  george soros has become very vocal about the euro recently . 
  i wonder why he has chosen to wait until now to start talking . 
  good news !, 
  are any other countries getting similar capabilities ? 
  i 'm aware that china , the us , israel and possibly russia have made cyberattacks ( at least it is suspected that they have ) , but i think most nations , like the uk and the us , have been focusing more on cyber defense rather than offensive capabilities . 
  common moorish ancestry i think, 
  sounds about right . 
  after all , australia is huge, 
  if this were the case , then there would be movements in northern eu countries that would want to exclude greece , italy , spain & portugal from the eu project in order to create their `` aryan paradise '' . 
  i have heard of no such movements , so this can not be true . 
  true . 
  thank you , america , for providing me with people who make me feel less dumb . 
  i hope he did , otherwise i sound like an idiot, 
  i know , but they 're considered to be on the same continent in the same way that iceland is considered to be in europe, 
  australia & nz, 
  fair enough , but had op taken an article from a more reputable source ( for example spiegel , le monde , bloomberg itself ) about this , you could hardly make that argument , unless you believe that the world media is trying to destroy the euro . 
  as far as i know , nobody has done a poll , but yeah it 's probably less . 
  we probably would n't be the 51st either : i think puerto rico is trying to become a state . 
  by your logic , rt is also propagandising against the euro . 
  though his motive for posting the article is to spite pro-euro redditors , which is not right , the article itself is relevant and interesting . 
  you ca n't just blame op or those who share his euroscepticism for the story because it is bad news for you ( well , it is bad for everybody , whether they like the euro or not ) . 
  the people who are `` at fault '' for this story are bloomberg , since the article is about something they did . 
  would you rather that only europhiles were on this subreddit ? 
  the whole point of this subreddit is to discuss europe , which we are all doing . 
  otherwise , why would there be americans here ? 
  you seem to tolerate them . 
  eurosceptics are not here to troll you , they are here to discuss . 
  if you want a europhile-only subreddit , go and create / r/europhilecirclejerk or something . 
  if you want a debate , stay here . 
  are you suggesting that op is giving pro-euro redditors a middle finger by posting this article ? 
  this is n't / r/atheism . 
  i 'm just wondering why . 
  i have no problem with you using it, 
  did you just change your flair from eu to uk ? 
  is that how it works in hungary ? 
  maybe you should show the americans this system : private healthcare over there is an expensive nightmare there , and if your system is effective maybe they could learn a thing or two . 
  we do pay for it though , through taxes . 
  he said that he was being sarcastic when he made a similar comment in his post . 
  he wrote this one at roughly the same time as that one , so it 's probably sarcasm, 
  as you said , people have been speculating about a collapse for years . 
  just because someone has joined them does n't mean he wants it . 
  after all , the collapse of the euro would hit everyone hard - nobody * wants * it , they 're just pessimistic about it . 
  i ca n't see any great benefit for turkey if they try to take northern greece & the rest of cyprus , only another un taskforce and the scuppering of their plans to enter the eu ( i think they 're still keen on that ), 
  still , i do n't see how this speech is an attempt to bring down the euro, 
  i thought that you had exchanged your respective minorities already . 
  why do the turks seem to want northern greece & cyprus ? 
  the serbians wanted to make the former yugoslavia into a `` greater serbia '' . 
  the russians want control over the oil pipelines in georgia . 
  each of these aggressors were motivated by something more than just wanting to grab more land . 
  why is turkey doing it then ? 
  i know he did it to the pound - he is after all the man who broke the bank of england . 
  but as far as i know he has not been active in the financial world for a while now , and , given his age , i do n't think that he has any intention of getting back in . 
  are there any reasons behind the airspace violations ? 
  it 's not as if this is unknown to us : the russians used to violate ours a while back quite often ( not in the cold war , this decade ), 
  in what way ? 
  how would he profit from the faliure of the euro ? 
   if greece did not have the protection of the political union with the eu i would not be surprised if they entered north eastern greece the next day . 
  there are two major problems i have with this sentence : 1 ) nato means that greece & turkey are allies , and thus can not attack one another . 
  the eu has nothing to do with it . 
  2 ) why the hell would the turks invade ? 
   europe is at peace with itself clearly you have not heard of some of the nationalistic sentiment coming out of greece ( golden dawn ) & france ( fn ), 
  true , it would be really awkward for us if we did, 
  are you seriously expecting an entire nation to just change overnight ? 
  i 'm not sure if he thinks that leaving the eurozone is a bad thing for greece , at least in the long run ( of course , initially it will be hellish for them ), 
  i doubt george soros has a grudge against the euro . 
  as any fox news viewer would know , george soros is too busy trying to bring socialism to america through the liberal media [ if you do n't know what i mean , ask an american ], 
  heh , we are all becoming a little stereotypical on this subreddit, 
  nah , it 's just two idiots arguing . 
  both are in the wrong here , not just one side . 
  he is n't complaining about your post , he is complaining about the comment you made . 
  just because there are tools out there does n't mean you have to sink to their level, 
  kill it .
