it looks like the logo of [ singapore 's ruling party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people%27s_action_party ) too, 
  can someone explain to me why the uk is affected by the tobin tax , but not non-eu countries ? 
  i wonder if they actually want us out or if this an attempt at reverse psychology . 
  do n't forget the mini coopers and michael caine . 
  gosh , it 's been ages since i last heard that song . 
  so much nostalgia ... 
  maybe it 's something you can do if you have res ? 
   `` some sort of military presence in the territory -- however transitory -- either through force , the threat of force , negotiation or payment . 
  incursions by british pirates , privateers or armed explorers have also been included , provided they were operating with the approval of their government . '', 
  so the peninsular war, 
  perhaps algeria too ? 
  why would the uk veto eu membership for scotland ? 
  just rain here in the uk :(, 
  i 'm going to be doing it in 2 years time !, 
  i chose san marino since i thought that i should offend as few people as possible . 
  well it 's nice to hear some good economic news for once . 
  how exactly does the city benefit from being outside the euro ? 
  i do remember seeing one with the date in the bottom left-hand corner which started at 1 ad . 
  nice detective work there though . 
  it ca n't be a year old . 
  the video says it was posted in may this year . 
  it must have been more recent than that . 
  i only got an account a few months ago . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i 've seen this submitted somewhere else , possibly / r/mapporn or / r/eu3, 
  not quite : ben nevis is right next to fort william . 
  troll much ? 
  if you like rain , the uk is probably your best bet :p . seriously though , i would suggest moving to a country that suits your personality rather than your meteorological preferences . 
  what sort of person are you ? 
  are you outgoing ? 
  reserved ? 
  completely bananas ? 
  heh , no , i do n't mean like that . 
  it just makes it extremely difficult to criticise these organisations : what politician would risk challenging one of these groups only to be accused that they are against marriage or dignity , given that the public would assume that these organisations actually were pro-dignity & pro-marriage ? 
  it would be a pr disaster for them . 
  i would n't expect them to openly state their goal in their name , but names like this are rather deceptive . 
  why ca n't they choose a name like the heritage institute , which sounds respectable and is n't deceptive ? 
  i hate it when organisations such as the ` european dignity watch ' or the ` national organisation for marriage ' cover up their agenda with their innocent-sounding names . 
  then explain saudi arabia, 
  is n't this what the federal reserve did in the us ? 
  well , we only use imperial units for certain things like a person 's height and distance . 
  otherwise , we use the metric system . 
  but the entire political spectrum would shift to the right . 
  even if the tories split at some point afterwards , the right as we define it today would dominate , and so left-wing parties would have to shift right to maintain popularity . 
   i 've seen an american movie before whoa hipster . 
  also , an unusually high proportion of your idiots are on tv . 
  this perpetuates this stereotype elsewhere in the world . 
  actually , belgium does n't have a strong national identity at all . 
  flemish nationalism is pretty strong there . 
  and if we are both ? 
  no , it had n't been discovered yet . 
  that war was more about the military junta in argentina trying to make themselves more popular with the people by exploiting the pre-existing nationalist sentiment that the falklands belong to argentina . 
  oil . 
  it 's all about oil . 
  i highly doubt that the argentinians will back down if the islanders vote in favour of britain , which they will . 
  do you think it is time to force voters to vote if there is an option to abstain ? 
  why has george soros become so vocal about the eu crisis all of a sudden ? 
  this is the third soros link i 've seen on here recently . 
   surprise holiday sounds legit ^ * { sarcasm } *, 
  well , nobody is really sure . 
  it seems that melechon 's attempt to stop le pen in pas-de-calais has backfired . 
  it looks like the socialists will do well , though we are still waiting for the results from paris and the fn heartlands around marseilles . 
  if this profile was a 3d graph with separate economic and social axes , it would be a lot more accurate . 
  doing [ this ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/index ) as well should clarify your socioeconomic position , and compares it to the position of other politicians . 
  i for one am a bit to the right and a bit above the dalai lama . 
  well we broke rules 1 & 2 of / r/pyongyang : you do not talk about / r/pyongyang, 
  both, 
  why do scandinavians like metal so much ? 
  well , even north korea has its own subreddit : / r/pyongyang, 
   once china or the us comes knocking on your door starting a little trade-war you sure as hell are happy that your neighbours got your back . 
  we would be united against the chnese anyway through nato . 
  and besides , why do you think that china will be starting trade wars all of a sudden ? 
  you make it sound like the alternative to union is war . 
  do you think that it is impossible for there to be peace in europe between independant states ? 
   so many people in europe do have a ` european ' identity news to me . 
  the only people i know of who hold this view are on this very subreddit . 
  and yes , i have left the uk many times . 
   you guys hate anything ` continental ' we do n't hate them . 
  on the contrary , we like our neighbours . 
  but just because we like them does n't means we want to unite . 
  i like france very much , but i also like japan - does that mean i should favour a union between japan & the uk ? 
  true , but to exploit it properly we need to deal with argentina, 
  yeah . 
  it 's a shame that people here do n't realise that as much as they should . 
  we 're a lonely bunch on this subreddit , are n't we ? 
  i think all canadians have to learn french . 
  i think that to get a very high-level job in the civil service there , it is practically mandatory to be very fluent in french . 
  true , the majority of us forget most of our french . 
  but it 's very easy to lose your language skills if you do not use them . 
  example : two years ago , i did russian gcse . 
  now , i can barely put together a couple of sentences ( though i still remember the alphabet and numbers 1-100 ) . 
  we in the uk are not exposed to foreign languages on frequent basis , so we feel no need to learn them . 
  for you , it must be very different , since many of your tv shows , films etc. 
  will be in english . 
  it just happens that , at the moment , english is the world 's lingua franca and is the native language of the most culturally powerful nation on earth : the us . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  the only bad part is the literature part , which is so boring . 
  then again , i got an a * in french gcse . 
  we in the uk talk about their oil . 
  we wish we had as much north sea oil as they do , since we are starting to run out of ours . 
  well , obviously they would n't talk to each other in what is to them a foreign language,
