  i can see `` volkswagen scandal '' becoming a household name / byword for corporate cheating just as ` watergate ' has become for politcal wrongdoings . 
  noted . 
  i see what you meant now . 
  did you edit your post at all , or was it phrased like that from the get go ? 
  btw , i agree with you then . 
  i also read it the same way as the others . 
  you think they should n't be allowed to do their ( stupid ) protests in front of the bundestag . 
  we disagree with your opinion . 
  trade deals with the us will not be more favorable than before , rather less . 
  do you think they 'll give out freebies ? 
  yeah , this is genuinely funny and a mistake any reporter could make . 
  go munich or leipzig if you want functioning public services as well as a good business environment . 
  munich if you care for good b2b availability , leipzig if you want affordable and quality employees ( in munich you 'll have to pay at least double for competence when hiring ) . 
  it is already mostly self-governed . 
  the only thing britains doing re : gibraltar is basing military units there ( which actually could be possible even if it were a part of spain , that could probably be negotiated ) . 
  well , if you got a shot at playing international football with turkey , but not with germany , that seems logical however you feel about your upbringing . 
  it does have performance enhancing effects by itself . 
  what did he say ? 
  are you honestly putting them on the same level ? 
  ( or even implying that macron is worse ? ), 
  true for any individual poll . 
  yet if you are cherrypicking several polls for a particular high or low result ... the statistics are different , and get you a different ( higher ) error that you should be expecting . 
   also , for such a rich country why do so many swiss leave ? 
  i assume there is some draw from the bigger neighboring countries . 
  france for some french speaking swiss , germany for ... etc. 
  what would be your favorite solution , now that things are as they are ? 
  should kosovo become part of serbia again ? 
  or are you just arguing for more protections for serbs formerly living in kosovo , to return to their homes ? 
  but it is still a matter of time then . 
  which was the statement you disagreed with . 
  we 'll never be perfectly safe . 
  as long as radical muslims or lunatics exist , which will be always . 
  the main thing is that the threat remains on a ` background ' level . 
  tragic for the effected individuals . 
  but public policy should tackle the bigger issues first . 
  which is why heightened security for nuclear power plants or public transport are useful , while armed police at every corner is not . 
  and a broader look will tell you that the nhs , workplace safety or traffic accidents are a bigger issue than terrorism ( by quite a bit ) . 
  does n't mean we do n't tackle the issue , but be proportionate and reasonable to the importance of the issue . 
  you are wrong , this has been an issue even in the nineties . 
  both france and great britain were spooked by the german reunification . 
  they most certainly did not want both german militaries to be ` added ' in size and scope . 
  there was a clear understanding that the german military had to be unthreatening ( it was n't just the soviets that insisted on limitations for the german military in the 1990 4 +2 treaty ) . 
  correct , this was the party leader position . 
  this map , to my untrained eyes , does n't seem to be concerned with accuracy , primarily . 
  it 's different . 
  kinda refreshing . 
  nature documentaries are a serious business . 
  tourists ? 
  keep away . 
  not worth the selfie . 
  it 's not just turkey . 
  my satire radar has been so overworked . 
  false positives abound . 
  btw , there is not much support for that piece of wisdom . 
  mostly people stick with their preferences , their early life being formative and highly predictive of their voting patterns even decades later . 
  the young generation that voted reagan ... sticks to voting conservative . 
  the obama generation is unlikely to turn right massively , etc . 
  i do n't think it is that clear cut . 
  would n't worry about it too much . 
  just nice for the principle that is democracy . 
  huge overlap there . 
  yeah , bs reporting . 
  certainly managed to mobilize and unite the eu against turkey . 
  germany has surprisingly low prices on some things , e.g. 
  food . 
  very competitive retail market . 
  also , outside of some cities , real estate is quite cheap for a highly developed nation . 
  mostly due to demographics and some serious internal migration disparities . 
  it is a bit weird , that statement . 
  germany has , in the past , set itself concrete goals already . 
  the current government is not climate change skeptic or against climate policy action . 
  i assume this is in relation to the kinda defunct , due to us withdrawal , paris agreement . 
  maybe there is some intra-coalition disagreement on particulars , making it reasonable to wait until it is known what the next government looks like ( cdu/spd , cdu/greens being the most likely with a non zero chance for a left three party coalition ... all of which are pro climate action ) . 
  true , that said 90 % of the qurans details about his life are probably still fabrication . 
  almost certainly some positive embellishment plus some reinterpretation amenable to his successors particularly theology and political ambitions . 
  this article is about the opposition . 
  so blaming nationalism is apropos here . 
  there are already about a million syrians in a turkey . 
  theoretically , the turkish authorities could be quite ` persuasive '' . 
  even an overrun greece will be much more attractive than turkey if they seize and block any support for the refugee camps . 
  maybe even encouraging traffickers , etc, 
  which leaves greece with 100 % of the problem . 
  actually , i bet wilders hates this development . 
  ( because it should surely boost his main opponents in the upcoming elections . ), 
  https://www.immobilienscout24.de/ is probably the market leading portal for real estate transactions . 
  yeah , more reliable and steady winds . 
  also no intrusion for your touristy beach horizons . 
  and this is a support island . 
  not for the turbines , but centralized construction support , power converters for long distance transmission , etc. 
  if you are already close to shore , the infrastructure can be on land already , no need for an artificial island . 
  it can be true . 
  income can still be higher in germany , but they also spend more . 
  italians build more of a nestegg in form of privately owned real estate , while more germans rent . 
  or keep a mortgage around . 
  they might rent a much nicer flat or house than the italian owns though . 
  there may be an argument that german real estate outside of munich is undervalued as well . 
  still surprisingly cheap compared to some countries . 
  conversely , there may be bubbles building elsewhere . 
   eu needs to put pressure on morocco , otherwise what 's the point in eu ? 
  they are .
