  economically , we are easily strong enough to deal with the consequences ( requiring immigrants in the nursing or residential care fields ) . 
  fewer kids/people actually means that wealth gets concentrated downwards ( via inheritance ) . 
  total gdp does n't mean much for the individual citizen , it is of much more importance to keep gdp/capita high . 
  which should n't be effected as much . 
  we are a reasonably densely populated country anyway . 
  a sinking population combined with ever-increasing urbanisation ( or suburbanisation ) means more rural areas can be transitioned over into proper nature reserves . 
  why is it a problem in the first place ? 
  it is n't as terrible economically as portrayed ( existing wealth actually gets concentrated in fewer people ... germany will lose population but it wo n't become poor ; gdp per capita is much more interesting for the citizens than total gdp ) too many people around anyway . 
  people are no longer surprised by these kinds of stories . 
  hardly much to comment about beyond ' * water is wet * ' . 
  did n't you have bullets , but they were sealed ? 
  true , and i actually know that . 
  ca n't be that difficult , those are all rather close to each other . 
  in some languages , they 'd be considered dialects . 
  there really is n't that much immigration in germany right now . 
  there was much more historically . 
  ( ex-communist bloc in the early nineties , turkish in the sixties , russian in the twenties , polnish in the late 19th century , french in the early 19th century ) . 
  those all exceeded the currently rather tame pace of immigration . 
  it is n't really a partisan issue . 
  at the most , it could effect voter turnout , rather than swinging votes some way or the other . 
  there 's also only about 300.000 icelandic people living there . . 
  as far as i know , nobody knows the real numbers . 
  point taken . 
  btw , why did you think i was american ? 
  i even looked at my recent comment history ... and it gives no sign of it . 
  if you dig far enough back , you 'll find clear evidence of roots in germany , actually . 
  he ca n't , because the australian goverment has decided not to count the boats , or how many people are on them , or how many they send back , and how many they have to inter until they found out where to send them . 
  they only count who arrives in australia * proper * ... zero . 
  because the rest get send to various islands to be ... stored . 
  out of sight . 
  ( because i am actually german ... living in germany . ), 
  i only infrequently do . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been on / r/de , though . 
  any good ? 
  thank you . 
  so few people even try and empathize for a moment . 
  algeria does n't want them ; and they are n't picky about letting them know that . 
  ( police brutality is a real issue for refugees in in-between-countries . 
  rape . 
  extortion . 
  they are essentially outlaws there , and treated as such . ), 
  the un does n't really enter into this . 
  it already is underfunded . 
  it is also much smaller than the eu ( in budget and personnal ) ; it is n't supposed to be a world government . 
  you must hold the member states accountable . 
  really , in this , it is the member states of the european union , and there mostly the bigger ones ( cough , * germany * , cough ), 
  the only long-term solution is making sure that countries in africa and the middle east become stable and ( moderately ) prosperous . 
  the second usually follows from the first , actually . 
  there already are african countries well on the way ; others are just hellholes anybody would try their best to get out of . 
  essentially , * foreign aid ( properly distributed ; so not as a tool of foreign policy ... for the corrupt politician we like most ; mostly basics ( water , immunization ) and education ) * not chickening out when providing troops to actually help a country stay stable seems likely to cost some lives ( because that is at least a better cause than ... ) * stop destabilizing countries for short term goals ( * iraq * , cough ) * not rigging trade rules so much in our favour that we hurt their economies just so we can buy our 3rd ipad this decade * etc. 
  not easy . 
  wo n't solve the problem any time soon , either . 
  but eventually . 
  we are at least kind of seeing when we 'll be over the hill , because african demographics are tracking as expected ( birth rate is going down just as it did in europe ... and than later asia back in the past ) . 
  it 'll take long enough though that i fear we 'll give up on our humanity before than ; just to save a few billions that we actually do have . 
  isis has a negligable role in lbyia . 
  i wish people would stop using the islamist-group-of-the-day for all kinds of radical muslims/islamists . 
  they are quite different from another and often vicious enemies . 
  you just assert that . 
  there has been plenty proof to the contrary unless you redefine human rights to make the problems go away . 
  i wish you had an inkling of a clue how many refugees genuinly lose their documentation . 
  do you honestly think it is trivial to keep hold of your passport in a civil war as in syria ? 
  maybe you return home from market to ... the rubble that is your house . 
  good luck getting another passport issued in current syria while you wait out your time to haul your ass out of that hellhole . 
  ( and yes , plenty of people lose them on purpose . 
  but both sides of that coin are real . ), 
  they only shrank to nothing because nobody counts people on boats anymore ... you can claim statistical victory if you want ; you still have to prove the policy worked in the real world . 
  strange argument , as the decisions of the european court of human rights obviously hold no legal sway in australia . 
  they do here , though . 
  they are almost alwasy intermingled . 
  you are doing the same thing in this thread , btw . 
  there are proper refugees coming in from north africa ( plenty , actually ) . 
  nope . 
  some get stranded there for good because they can not prove where they come from and/or their home countries do n't care to take them back either . 
  you are just mouthing off the policy ideal , ignoring the problems with the actual execution . 
  you do know that the policy changed so those people get intercepted and diverted to country of origin or island camp ? 
  they are no longer asked - or listened to - about asylum . 
  the big fat zero is just the obvious result of the policy change ... and tells you a big fat ** nothing ** whether the policy has actually worked . 
  has it ? 
  ** we do n't know . 
  ** because the current australian government does n't count and does not release the numbers of people in boats that they intercept and divert . 
  it took a lot of work by ngos to try to get even a sense of the numbers of people interred in nauru and other places . 
  and we still only have a rough total of those staying there , we do n't know how many people actually arrive/leave on a monthly basis . 
  and as they have a great impetus to prove their policy to be a a success , i remain highly doubtful that it is when they are doing their best to hide the numbers that could tell us about that . 
  not my experience . 
  or probably it is just 10 % giving me the creeps , while the 90 % normality does n't hit as hard emotionally . 
  the main point is that they have n't stopped coming even there . 
  it is n't actually a working solution . 
  they have just stopped revealing how many refugees they intercept in boats ; and the numbers in australia proper are obviously dropping , because they all get diverted to remote island camps . 
  oh , sure , it is correct in that is the way they tackled the problem . 
  what the op leaves out is that it did n't solve the problem , just hide it . 
  they are n't releasing the numbers of refugees they now interr on some islands that are n't australia proper . 
  ( or rather , they are fudging the numbers ; some ngos have compiled most of it now , but they had to put in a lot of hours to sort through all the obfuscation ) . 
  but ( some ) australians are happy because they no longer see the problem . 
  it has n't gotten smaller , nor cheaper . 
  just less visible . 
  its not as if maslo provided much to back up his post . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
  it is not , btw , as if the solution provided by op actually prevented that problem . 
  it is quite misleading .
