  it 'll probably be successful , but morocco is still stalling and negotiating for some concessions . 
  no living relative that we have unanimously identified . 
  there are candidates for distant relationships . 
  merkel still is above water as far as favorability is concerned . 
  most voters , if asked , are actually okay with both candidates . 
  i think should is roughly right . 
  i 'd stay away from ` will ' as it implies too much certainty . 
  not sure . 
  with california having gobbled up all the southern german minors , they should be a strong roadblock . 
  and more than just formidable if emperor ( forcelimit bonuses , no member swarm left ) . 
  they also have good expansion opportunities west and south , and no big blue blob to worry about . 
  it should be true again at some point , with eastern europe still playing catch up . 
  unless there are more greece like scenarios in the future . 
  you might be surprised . 
  even apart from `` new '' technologies ( dc , or higher voltage ) , europe is quite a bit denser than people assume . 
  overlay the us-grid over europe , the distance from spain to paris or italy to berlin is n't that big . 
  that said , it would require a lot of investment in new grid infrastructure . 
  true . 
  that said , there really was no comparative linguistics before then . 
  estonian is very similar and hungarian is obviously related . 
  from what i have read about comparitive linguistics , most european countries have much more language and dialect diversity than colonial countries ( australia/us , etc ) . 
  that said , the difference even between norwegian , swedish and danish is supposedly much smaller than between lower and upper german dialects ( which were seperated by the [ high german consonant shift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_german_consonant_shift ) which happened more than a thousand years ago . ), 
  and there is plenty of divergence even within both camps ( and unintellegibality even for other german speakers of a different dialect within those two camps ) . 
  i simply can not understand most german dialects unless the speaker skews towards standard german . 
  i always emphasize with people dealing with german as a foreign language . 
  even as a german i have trouble with local dialects , to the point of complete unintelligibality . 
  must be a nightmare for someone learning the language . 
  also , it sure is comforting that the grammar comes naturally . 
  it sure seems more of a pain than english . 
  i am investing in [ ropes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3lbynp8goo&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=11 ) . 
  and there are only two countries that have more than 10 % of the world 's nukes . 
  would calling erdogan sultan all the time please or anger him ? 
  all of them . 
  you can use lossy compression , just make sure you use an appropriate setting . 
  even with seehofer at the head ? 
  he sprouts the weirdest kinds of illogical populist statement any chance he got . 
  any by most accounts he hates listening to constructive criticism , asslicking all the way in der staatskanzlei . 
  he is horribly uncharismatic , but members of the spd who have contact with him attest to him being fairly smart and disciplined . 
  i am not surprised that he made the calculation that this was the much better way to go . 
  what , he has ? 
  he does n't have the matura , that wouly be your equivalent . 
   it 's absolutely irrational to vote for schulz if you support the afd . 
  i think you are applying the wrong standard here . 
  usually they paid the germans to guard it . 
  or even settle on the roman side and then guard it . 
  thank you for that exhaustive answer . 
  i am aware of the partitions , they are part of our history in school as well ( multiple by austria/prussia/russia and of course later the annexation by nazigermany/soviets ) . 
  yeah , poland had a very rough time and it would have been a very different , better path in history if it had been different . 
  i am also looking forward to poland 's future and good neighborship . 
  you can also finish a line with two spaces and a single enter to get just a linebreak . 
  is it us ? 
  yeah , poland is much more open-minded than hungary , for example ( russia is n't even a comparsion ) . 
  and i think a big factor is simply that the polish people ( like those in the baltics ) simply think of themselves as belonging to a western & central european tradition . 
  ( and were somewhat unwillingly kept from being so by the soviets ; and historically by the russians before , to some degree . ), 
  the high religiosity might hold them back on occasion , but i do n't think it is a long-lasting drag ( and the current pope might help on the margins ) . 
  have n't tasted any polish chocolate yet . 
  any brand that i should be aware of ? 
  birds also fly into buildings , and in far greater numbers . 
  birds are just ... challenged ... by human construction . 
  for those from the uk or us . 
  would n't be scandals over where you live , just by german standards . 
  you 'd with good reason vote for a politician that sane , we with good reasons do n't have to . 
  vw golf is a mid sized car , not small/compact . 
  vw polo is the small version , or opel corsa , bmw i3 , hyundai i10 , peugeot 108 , etc. 
  or go even smaller for a pure city car , scion iq , mini cooper , smart , fiat 500 ,, 
  the size issue is a pretty big issue even beyond suvs . 
  you probably do n't even see the kind of small cars that european city dwellers like to buy in the us ( much ) . 
  i thought the point was not to * tell * each other , as in no recriminations . 
  i do n't think that he was dissing analysis or self reflection . 
  now , try this : https://countdown.elbphilharmonie.de/en/slowmotion/#!/, 
  try this : https://countdown.elbphilharmonie.de/en/slowmotion/#!/, 
  * `` joke '' *, 
  the second question is interesting . 
  the first one is not . 
  it is quite easy to get around europe without having to show a passport . 
  really easy . 
  buy a train ticket and hop on . 
  or take a car and drive there . 
  the only bad way to go about it would be boarding a plane as that would mean having to show documents . 
  leaving aside the issue what is the correct choice here ... 
  given the current climate in austria ( and many other countries ) that did n't take much spine . 
  if you ask this question in a poll in austria , the majority will be * ` yeah , stop the talks ' * . 
  a politician taking a stand that has majority support in the voting population ( and even more in his conservative party base ) is n't particularly ballsy . 
  he may be right , but he is n't couragous . 
  maybe they do n't care because they are leaving . 
  some , if you include mining and construction . 
  much less than any fossil fuel source . 
  they are probably on par with hydro power in terms of their carbon footprint . 
  wind and solar are better * if * they do not require additional fossil fuels ( i.e. 
  natural gas ) for production shortfalls ( depends on local grid conditions and storage or variable demand options ) . 
  overall , nuclear power does well re climate impact , although we can envision an even better option , but we are n't quite there yet ( smart grid , etc ) . 
  for a 100 % no fossil fuel grid , nuclear is probably competitive or optimal ( unless local conditions are particularly renewable friendly , i.e. 
  iceland or low latitude deserts ) . 
  but if you want to go from 95 % fossil fuel to 60 % fossil fuel , wind/solar are the cheaper option atm . 
  beyond that , they run into trouble due to their output volatility . 
  yes , it is essentially a consensual form of arbitration outside of the court system . 
  there are non-muslim equivalents as well ( e.g. 
  jewish ) . 
  the strongest influence is ( late ) roman law ( in particular the [ corpus juris civilis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corpus_juris_civilis ) of justinian ) not napoleonic law . 
  roman law had a greater lasting impact on the current german law system than even the germanic laws of the middle ages , e.g.
