  [ the sachsenspiegel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sachsenspiegel ) and significantly more than the napoleonic code ( which itself draws from roman law , though , as do all continental law systems ) . 
  it is left leaning . 
  but it does n't have an `` agenda '' in a nefarious sense just because you may disagree with their opinions . 
  they do n't mess with facts and they present a full range of the relevant views and arguments . 
  they have an opinion , in the end , which is most often left leaning , but i know conservatives that still like reading them because you 'll still be better informed after having read them . 
  you do n't have to follow their opinions and conclusions . 
  broken how ? 
  and it is really difficult to see how it could be done without serious damage . 
  the result might be the same if their policies lead to rising interest rates on your debt . 
  that usually is n't much of a problem if you can raise inflation somewhat , but italy does not have monetary control . 
  high budget deficits mean leaving the euro , at the very least , which is a very painful step to take . 
  ( and practically difficult ), 
  i think that is actually fairly well accepted in europe . 
  my impression was that he was forced down that path partly be the euro crisis and therefore budged issues and german pressures to reform labour markets , etc. 
  it is pretty big because it ends this government and will likely cause a general election down the road . 
   majoritarian electoral system . 
  that is usually par for the course in democracies . 
  in some cases it is even far more dramatic and extreme ( england and parliamentary sovereignty ) . 
  but in most western democracies ( with the major exception being the u.s. ) a decisive general election will produce a robust government that has one electoral period to pass laws and govern with the major restraint only being constitutional unless they lose support inside their own party/members of parliament ( the judiciary therefore being a check on their power ) . 
  i am not saying that is the only way . 
  but it certainly is a fairly typical political system and in no way not a democracy . 
  those four have very few things in common . 
  you do the discussion a major disservice if you think the reasons for their situations are that similiar . 
  i 'd usually ranke s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung above the faz ... ( is n't the guardian usually fairly in-depth ? 
  - and yes , it is editorally left-leaning , obviously . ), 
  basic income is left-leaning in countries that do not have an established welfare safety net . 
  it is usually regressive ( and quite liked by some neo-liberals and some libertarian leaners ) in countries that have one . 
  ( as in at best the basic income will be equal to former welfare benefits , but now everyone gets it , which means it costs more and that will have to be financed from the general public , or by cuts on spending somewhere ) . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but 5sm support does n't stem from its anti-eu sentiment . 
  ( as in , popular opinion polls will show that many 5sm voters are not for leaving the eu , but are voting for them for other reasons , probably general dissatisfaction with the political establishment , general left-wing economic policies , etc. 
  he has already anounced that he 'll be resigning , as was ... obvious . 
  he said it before , it was a clear loss ... 
  i am not sure why you thought he 'd stay . 
  does an actually left wing program have majority support in italy ? 
  because if not , it is the right thing for a left-leaning party to govern with a center-left policy approach . 
  you need to form a consensus that is acceptable to 50 % + of the population . 
  if neither left , right nor centrist program can get a majority support of the populus , you are in for a rough future . 
  `` the press '' . 
  there are very good newspapers out there . 
  the most prestigious ones are still providing very good , nuanced coverage . 
  nobody reads them though , only headlines and articles on the internet . 
  they are horribly expensive . 
  they require public subsidies before it is a rational business decision to build one . 
  is this purely an economic choice or do you also identify with social or immigration issues of the fn platform ? 
  it is not obvious which constitution is more democratic . 
  in some ways , too much checks and balances can invalidate the results of a national election , preventing the democratic will from being exercised by requiring excessive compromise with other players . 
  that is the yes argument regarding this referendum . 
  if most of the left supports no , then yes would be absolutely clobbered , no ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_italian_constitutional_referendum%2c_2016?wprov=sfla1 that would be a much bigger polling miss than brexit or trump . 
  the opinion polls were quite stable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_italian_constitutional_referendum%2c_2016 the lead is stable in the single digits , slightly larger when undecided is n't an option . 
  a yes win is not impossible , but highly improbable . 
  it would be a larger polling error than brexit or trump , where there was significant polling disagreement and a smaller difference . 
  i assume you are hoping for one of the two remaining left wing candidates to sneak into the runoff ? 
  they are not comparable . 
  he is much more centrist , moderate and established ( also establishment ) . 
  i assume the creator was choosing , in part , by feasabilty of doing the animation ( with some constraints ) ... 
  everywhere . 
  part of the `` b\u00fcrgerliche gesetzbuch '' , the main civil law codex . 
  sounds right , yes . 
  fifties era family/marriage laws were pretty archaic . 
  the placing is correct , but they are supposed to be directly applied with their own sticky back ( so that pulling them off destroys them ) . 
  attaching them with tape might make it possible to reuse them on a different car . 
   since forever . 
  without communism of course . 
  they gave that [ a really good try ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_civil_war ) . 
  you and me have a different approach to `` quite recently '' . 
  difficult to say * why * it works , but they do have a working multi-party system and functioning elections . 
  so there is incentive for politicians not to fuck up too badly as there is a functioning opposition ready to take over . 
  you missed an opportunity to get yourself a non-english subreddit name though . 
  there must be good options out there ? 
  how does reddit deal with umlauts in subreddit names , not allowed ? 
   and yet it 's far more dangerous now than it was 20 years ago . 
  this may be true for the last five years , but the long term trend has been positive . 
  there was way more rape in the fifties and sixties than in the eighties , which in turn had a higher incidence than we have now . 
  ( also true for murders and many other crimes . ), 
  most likely both . 
  there will be some actual difference and it gets amplified by certain profiling practices ( based on the actual difference in crimes committed ) . 
  i assume they have both categories and for this publication merged them ? 
  on elevated train/subway tracks passing by the museum . 
  ( not by train , though , just on the tracks . 
  it was the first foreign language taught , starting grade 5 . 
  sure , some people wo n't do well , but everybody had years of russian in school . 
  which is exactly what happened . 
  this was all based on per capita data . 
  it is actually quite useful . 
  much easier for some applications ( this is all kinds of energy consumption , not just generation of electric energy ) . 
  yes , europe has been much better than the us in growing gdp/capita while keeping energy use/capita in check . 
  that said , there is yet much room for improvement . 
  interesting chart , though somewhat old data ( 2011 , especially for china ) : https://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/figures/correlation-of-per-capita-energy as you can see , the eu and japan do well , russia is the bad example ( of lying on the wrong side of the correlation axis ) . 
  canada might surprise some , they are doing significantly worse than the us . 
  family always is a strong influence on political and cultural opinions , easily for two generations . 
  fairly liquid is normal . 
  at room temperature , the congealed blood is solid . 
  but when prepared hot , it is gooey by default . 
  [ dead grandma ( recipe and image ) ] ( https://www.google.de/amp/s/www.chefkoch.de/amp/recipe/790011182339242 ), 
  can be eaten cold without any preparation ; it is a pre-cooked sausage . 
  though i prefer it in warm dishes . 
  just finished eating a dish with sauerkraut , blood sausage and potatoes . 
  delicious .
