  there you can simply drop the peg . 
  here you have months where you try to transition out of a currency . 
  its a nightmarish solution ( in the end , i think greece would be better off with a new drachme ... but the actual execution of such a grexit boggles my mind ; the devil is in the details here ) . 
  to be frank , finland would n't be needed if there was basic agreement among the bigger countries . 
  sure , you 'd have to leave the eurogroup as a framework , but germany/france could lend/recapitalize by themselves and let finland contribute nothing . 
  it would be a shitshow because it would create ( as well as almost destroy ) another official/legal grouping ... but it could be done . 
  eesti could drive into nordic !, 
  read the constitution . 
   i fear i only get a check on one of those ... 
  even when living part of it in franconia ? 
  you might want to look around , ** we 've already invaded you ** . 
  ( sachsen-anhalter who spent his last 12 years in passau and n\u00fcrnberg . ), 
  you are correct , bavarian cops still represent as foresters ( which i kind of like ) . 
  sports shooting clubs ( sorry to generalize , people ) are associated more with alcohol and ` having fun with guns ' . 
  most sports shooters are n't actually very good or taking the sport too seriously ( sorry to those actually competing at a high level ) . 
  hunting requires you to put in a lot of work to get a license and comes with a lot of responsbilities ( hunters in germany are responsible for a certain ` district ' and take on certain forestry tasks , esp . 
  wildlife managment ) . 
  different kinds of people ... 
  3,5 % was not achievable . 
  that was the whole point of the critics . 
  which is why debt reduction was necessary so that a smaller primary surplus could suffice . 
  otherwise it would have been the same old story . 
  greece needs to cut x billion . 
  x billions are cut . 
  cue a higher than promised gdp slump ( due to falling demand ) , less taxable income ; budget falling short of expectations . 
  repeat with cuts of y billions . 
  greece has several times made cuts that supposedly would suffice . 
  the problem is that the debt load is too high for a country that can not devalue its currency . 
  internal devaluation does not work ( nominal rigidity ) which is why greece desperately needs its own monetary policy options . 
  greece got itself into this mess in the nineties and 2000s , but the last five years they have dealt with a crisis that could no longer be solved by further cuts alone . 
  yes , in 1015 . 
  you must have read the next few numbers for 2016 and following . 
  me too , frankly . 
  the goal was 3.5 % primary surplus , which was my main problem in the first place . 
  greece had for a time reached 1 % primary surplus . 
  somehow i do n't think it would have been quite that exciting . 
  there is a mixed german french brigade or maybe division . 
  from germany , i thought it was a moving , automatically balanced scale ... 
  there is a point where it is impossible . 
  i guess we could argue whether they are at that point ... 
  they 'll have to march through finland first , no ? 
  but they ca n't . 
  you can tell them a million times they have to . 
  it is not possible . 
  that way leads to default anyway , just in the futer ( a year or two ) instead of now . 
  and that impacts the discussion how ? 
  we all know they could n't pay their debt at market terms ( nor can they at eu/imf terms , frankly ) . 
  yes , greece of yesteryear is at fault for that ; does n't change that it is an impossible thing to do * right now * . 
  so nobody should be surprised that they ca n't / wo n't ( the latter just being the result of the former ) . 
  they have n't moved from wanting a primary surplus in excess of 3 % of gdp . 
  no wonder the greeks walked . 
  90 % of the text the greek government would n't mind that much . 
  the meat of the matter is contained in one sentence ... actually one number . 
  3.5 % primary surplus . 
  that is the number that was unacceptable . 
  mostly they did n't want to budge on wages and pensions . 
  their refusal was n't about tanks or frigates . 
  you are wrong . 
  full refutation tomorrow . 
  they still wanted 4.5 % of gdp primary surplus which is mental . 
  he has a point , as has obama . 
  the demands were untenable . 
  what is a schmeckbeard ? 
  i also am against victim blaming . 
  i am against the sentiment expressed by the school here . 
  i tried to follow up the quote you gave and it seems to be just a politician either bloviating or without substantiation recalling something he heard in the past . 
  there did n't seem to be a connection to any recent event . 
  mind you , i would n't be surprised if such things happened , by i have no indication that it happened here . 
  what facts do you want ? 
  in germany , the number of asylum seekers is still off from the highs ( in the early 90s ) . 
  but because there was a low around [ 2006-2008 ] ( http://www.bildblog.de/wp-content/asyl_1976.jpg ) politicians cut back on the money budgeted for asylum housing . 
  now that the numbers are going up again , they are slow to adjust the funding to what was required . 
  that is why refugees are now suddenly housed in overcrowded conditions , sometimes in communities way to small for the numbers of refugees . 
  so people notice when the measures are now improvised and think the numbers are much higher than they actually are . 
  instead of complaining about the politics and too low funding ( we arent even talking that much money ) , they complain about the people escaping civil wars in the middle east ( which is one of the main drivers of the current spike ) . 
  also , there was n't actually any issue at this school so far ; the comments are premature . 
  what facts were the basis of all the outrage in this thread ? 
  reread the article . 
  it was n't about anything the refugees did . 
  also , if you have 100.000 natives , some of them will also commit crimes , etc. 
  the discussion just is n't rational most of the time . 
  or people think these refugee numbers are way higher than even before , when the early 90s saw more refugees ( in germany ) . 
  probably true in some way , but weird counting . 
  if you go back far enough ... 100 % refugees . 
  a better simple comparison ( and more fitting ) is that the early 90s wave of asylum seekers was way bigger than the current one ( [ chart ] ( http://www.bildblog.de/wp-content/asyl_1976.jpg ) ) . 
  it was just handled better ( more money for housing the refugees ) . 
  even the numbers in the up to 2002 time-frame were comparable . 
  but then they dropped ( to a deep low ian 2007 ) and politicians thought ` yay - we can move the budgeted money towards something else ' , which they did . 
  now that the numbers are going up again , nobody is making enough money available and people think we are getting record breaking numbers of refugees or sth . 
  ( which we are not ) . 
  some of the comments here ( highly upvoted , too ) give me the creeps . 
  part of the problem is also that politicians are n't forking out any kind of money ( and it is n't even that much ) to house them . 
  they are just hoping the current swell of refugees will ebb at some point ( which it will , as past swells have ( early nineties was way higher , for example ) ) . 
  but in the mean time they try to cheap-skate by , which is just making all the problems worse . 
  what you smoking ? 
  / r/europe has some serious problems . 
  '' * those fucking civil war refugees , let them die at home . 
  '' * is n't even veiled anymore . 
  worth reading . 
  those creditors are no longer holding that debt .
