depends on which ones you are talking about ; they are quite different operationally , with very different goals ( and often in conflict with each other ) . 
  because ` no more refugees ' is going to stop the boats or convince turkey to not let them board them ... 
   they do n't have education nor brains to do it . 
   you must be seriously braindamaged individual to believe that muslims are capable to do something intelligent or constructive without being held at gunpoint . 
  that makes very little sense . 
  why are they still sending all their new european recruits to syria/iraq then ? 
  we often only find out they got recruited by them going missing and turning up there . 
  those would be much better sleeper agents then asylum seekers . 
  but they have n't shown much interest in being active inside of europe . 
  they care about their levant caliphate . 
  the issue is that massive amounts of immigrants are arriving on european shores and we have to deal with them . 
  i rarely hear any suggestion of what to do ; just complaints about them being here . 
  it is n't as if we are ferrying them across the mediteranean/aegean sea . 
  the issues is what to do with them when they arrive in greece/italy/malta / cyprus/spain . 
  full agreement . 
  if i were inclined to ` boast ' , i 'd say we know what proper disaster looks like so we do n't needlessly fret over trifles that do n't shape centuries . 
  they could ask us east germans for help . 
  there must still be some gdr border guard officers around that have n't yet gone senile . 
  `` not in my backyard '' is strong at the moment . 
  just this time its not a waste dump or nuclear power plant but refugees . 
  but that was a very recent change during this crisis . 
  you cant argue that it caused it . 
  could you explain / expand ? 
  it 's the same way dublin was enforced for years until recently . 
  this is not new . 
  isis is very unlikely to be sending sleeper agents . 
  that would be a complete change of their modus operandi . 
  they are already recruiting in europe , with some success , but they are sending those recruits into the middle east to build their caliphate . 
  they have a different goal in mind than those terror organisations that do terror in the west . 
  different mo. 
  they might send recruiters , though . 
  besides , asylum seekers make for poor agents . 
  restrictions on movement and so on . 
  al quaida and consorts never had much trouble sending competent guys on student visa , etc. 
  i should add that i am a vehement critic of islamic nonsense ( and all theist nonsense ) , but i still think they have the right to apply for asylum if their country is disintegrating . 
  they do have to follow the laws of the land , obviously . 
  i guess i am your typical reddit stuck on principles atheist or something , not that labels are of much use . 
  they do n't lose their human rights just because they believe stupid things, 
  i had a good laugh at being called a leftist . 
  it seems i must rethink my voting choices . 
  germany did n't change any of its laws or procedures until very recently . 
  nothing . 
  german laws re asylum are essentially the same as twenty years ago ( when post su collapse and balkan wars the last big asylum spike happened ) . 
  if you thought our laws do not reflect your values maybe you should n't have joined the eu that had basically the same rules re asylum . 
  they are not new , it is just that more people are now getting here and apply for asylum . 
  all that did change was that syria became a mess . 
  i think you are simply wrong . 
  the majority of immigrants from africa/muslim countires are no danger to you or your fellows . 
  they do not commit crimes , etc. 
  sure , ** some of them ** do . 
  but not most of them . 
  i at least want you to understand that . 
  when you are looking at a muslim/african in your bus/subway/tram , he is most likely to be a law-abiding person . 
  ( the statistics on that are quite clear . 
  yes , non-citizens do commit more crimes . 
  but not at hugely inflated numbers . 
  instead of x % peoples with a criminal record , you 'll have 2 * x % . 
  most of them do n't commit crimes . ), 
  i am not debating immigration policies here . 
  i just want to correct the mistaken assertion that `` foreigner = danger '' . 
  if you want , you can continue to argue that they commit crimes at a higher rate , therefore you do n't want immigration . 
  but do n't say all of them commit crimes and can not adopt to western society , etc. 
  that is just plain false . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m1cos/today_refugees_tomorrow_terrorists_eastern/cvb5766 tl/dr what do you want to do with asylum seekers that have made it onto the shores of the european union ? 
  what are you constructive suggestions ? 
  what is your solution then ? 
  ignoring them or complaining about them will make the issues grow ( more likely to cause failed integration ) . 
  what would you do with refugees that have made it into the european union ? 
  i mean , they wo n't disappear just because you do n't want them to be there . 
  who is going to process them ? 
  are they all going to be sent back to greece or italy ? 
  these are the issues that are currently being decided . 
  they are not being granted eu passports . 
  they need to be registered and a decision has to be made where they come from and whethere it is safe to go back there . 
  if it is n't , they need housing , etc until it is . 
  if that is a long time coming , you need to try your best with integration efforts ( language , etc ) . 
  do you have novel , constructive criticism of current practices ? 
  what are we doing wrong / how can we improve on that ? 
  i hear a lot of people complaining ( which is why i protested the equation of refugee/migrant = terrorist ) , but very few people actually make suggestions that are workable . 
  you do n't like them coming , i hear you ( i assume the reason is fear , not bigotry ) . 
  what do you want to do ? 
  i mean , no ? 
  it is n't as if it seems like it would reverse their disastrous policies . 
  so it currently is just ordinary russians suffering for putins madness , which does ' t help ukraine ( or anyobdy ) . 
  for a while , yes . 
  but he 'll have to turn it around at some point ( and claim it was his econmic miracle that overcame the foreign sanctions ) . 
  if the ship does n't turn , at some point people will start complaining . 
  it is n't . 
  the imports are n't dropping because people are buying russian made equivalents . 
  they are dropping because people are buying less , businesses are n't investing atm , etc. 
  sure , there will be a few products where substitution ( to russian products ) will be happening , but by and large this is not the cause ( nor the result ) of this drop . 
  by and large , it is just the russian economy being in trouble . 
  anybody want to predict how many years of malaise it is going to take for putin 's approval ratings ( in reality , i do n't care much about polls ) to tank ? 
   and i can call you a nazi for saying this . 
  sure you can . 
  but is it true ? 
   see what you 're doing ? 
  i am not quite sure what you think that i am doing , honestly . 
  from my point of view , i was implying that the assertion that `` foreigner = danger '' is prejudiced . 
  which i think is quite self-evident .
