  this is where the mental problems mostly originated . 
  but now i can take care of myself and i 'm in a positive environment which allows me to develop myself ( something my parents never gave me ) . 
  i try to learn myself writing and drawing , as a creative outlet for my mental trouble , and to develop a skill that might be useful and could lead to a job in the future . 
  i ca n't afford to study , i can hardly pay my bills as it is now . 
  and even if would try to follow a regular study i would simply drop out again since my mental trouble are n't going anywhere . 
  in my current situation , given some time i could find a job i could do from home , technology is advancing and so is work flexibility . 
  that way everybody lives a happy life and i can pay for the handouts i got by paying income taxes . 
  i do n't see why my parents , my partner and i should all be punished for me living my life . 
  what ? 
  moderate center right ? 
  its a cabinet of rightwing conservatives ( cda ) and rightwing liberals ( vvd ) which gets it support from pvv ( extreme right , conservatives ) and sgp ( ultraconservatives ) . 
  how is that moderate center ? 
  when they presented their accord they called it fingerlicking good for right wing voters . 
  not center voters . 
  center has nothing to do with this cabinet . 
  the cda was center under balkenende , not under verhagen . 
  the sgp does n't allow women in any politcal functions and didnt allow women members up till 5 years ago . 
  and the pvv does n't allow people who bear 2 nationalities in any political function and implied that race riots did n't necessarily have to be a bad thing . 
  i 'm chronicly ill , i was born with 2 different hereditary disorders , one heart condition and one psychological which resulted in further mental problems . 
  i can hardly afford my healthcare now that im left without a job . 
  i 'm one of those constituents who would be living at my parents if i was n't `` handed '' money , being a burden to their old day . 
  i had to drop out of university so i have no diplomas and a nice pile of student debt . 
  i ca n't hold a regular job because i ca n't endure the hours . 
  i ca n't help that i was born this way but the conservative debate somehow still manages to blame me for being a parasite profiting of society . 
  i do wholeheartedly agree with your stance on the wealthgap , that is something the left could really take a stance on . 
  privatization of the healthcare system is horrid and is something all leftwing parties should aim to stop . 
  i do n't mind companies making money off medicine or running a hospital , but at least make sure there is also a government system next to it for people who cant afford it . 
  its not utter racism when you only imply it . 
  he has implied before that race riots would n't nescesarily be a bad thing for the country . 
  by being vague he can still connect to a racist audience without being racist himself . 
  i dont think he is a racist , but he sure does profit from racism and a racist audience . 
  his party aims at restricing islam ( and no other religions ) . 
  wilders has complete control of the party , he is the only official member of the party and nobody else is allowed to make decisions about it . 
  so the course of the party is exactly what wilders wants , including the discriminatory website that was launched . 
  he has called mosques `` palaces of hate '' . 
  he compared the quran to mein kampf and wants it outlawed , but the bible is still good ofc . 
  its this kind of legistlation that he tries to push that is regarded as discriminatory . 
  but he has freedom of speech to protect him . 
  and i think he should have that right . 
  but that does n't make his policies any less discriminatory . 
  the pvv indeed very pro israel if you look at the votes taken on the issues in parliament and the rethoric of wilders in every case that deals with israel and palastine . 
  he is very close to christian conservative parties with that . 
  that does n't make it a zionist conspiracy , its his opinion , and he is free to hold one and have a political party for it , but it is a fact that he is very pro israel . 
  wether it is because he receives his funding from conservative us lobby groups or wether it is because he hates islam , it still does n't change the fact that he votes pro israel in parliament . 
  is it fair to present him personally as a racist ? 
  i dont think so . 
  but in light of his proposed policy in parliament i do think it is fair to present his party and his policy in parliament as discrimination towards minorities . 
  wow this one is very interesting !, 
  to bad the dutch public network is n't supporting it :(, 
  im dutch too , i use nos.nl , nu.nl and i like de groene amsterdammer , but its a paid newssite/magazine . 
  you do n't visit / r/atheism much do you ? 
  80 % of the polish people is christian , 70 % of the italian people are , 60 % in spain france and germany . 
  i myself am fortunate enough to live in the netherlands where only 40 % of the people are still christian but only 5 % of the people are muslims . 
  the shrinking of christianity is mostly attributed to growth of atheism and humanism the past 50 years , not to islam converting people . 
  even with the higher birthrates under islamic people . 
  i 've more often met christians from families with 6-12 childeren , then i have muslims . 
  humanism and atheism are traditionally supported left parties , not extreme right . 
  with the number of christians in europe a christian theocracy would be a more likely scenario then an islamic one . 
  the battle against religious law is fought with education and secularism , not with anti religious laws . 
  [ if i look at this i really want to go there again . 
  ] ( http://www.strawberryworld-lisbon.com/lisbon/essential/culture.html ), 
  i 'd recommend going to lisbon . 
  since you are already interested by portugal . 
  loved the city and the people . 
  if you want to do the cultural thing spain is also great choice , i really want to visit barcelona and toledo in spain sometime for this . 
  i 'm from the netherlands myself though . 
  i almost forgot about that , mainly because another pvv mp headbutted someone at a bar and i get those two incidents confused all the time . 
  i just do n't think that is ever going to happen . 
  [ article about the website ] ( http://www.setimes.com/cocoon/setimes/xhtml/en_gb/features/setimes/features/2012/03/20/feature-04 ), 
  i think they make the way out of the party a difficult one . 
  that way they can keep saying that they are a stable party because they are undemocratic . 
  one problem is the solved with another problem , us dutch love pragmatism and efficiency . 
  it would n't suprise me if brinkman will be rained with mud over this from the pvv . 
  thats why i think he did it now , while wilders is negotiating . 
  as a big fu to wilders ( brinkman resigned by txt message ) . 
  it would n't suprise me one bit if that is why brinkman was so extremely friendly about wilders in the press conference . 
  some beautifull shit hitting the fan right here . 
  yes , we all are pretty shaken about it in the netherlands . 
  especially because brinkman just learned it after being in the party for 6 years . 
  to brinkmans credit , he has put a lot of effort in trying to introduce more democracy in the freedom party the past years . 
  i still would n't buy him a beer though . 
  and not because of his drunk driving . 
  yes , lets blame the unemployed for their unemployment !, 
  that will solve everything !, 
  when nobody is hiring and you dont have enough kapital to start a business , there is simply nothing you can do about unemployment but migrate . 
  and most 1stworld countries are tightening their borders because sharing wealth is bad . 
  in my own country immigrants from poorer european countries are stigmatized for being lazy and for stealing jobs . 
  calling people lazy will not solve their poverty . 
  at best , it will help more then praying for them , but thats about it . 
  a very disappointing action from belarus . 
  i hope the eu will manage to put more pressure on them to get them to abolish the death penalty . 
  well , driving the price further up can only strenghten their argument then  . 
  my point is that its more then a symbolic move . 
  it is also driving the price of every execution up . 
  the death penalty was already very close to life imprisonment cost wise . 
  this makes the ` its cheaper ' argument less valid for execution . 
  the most horrible thing about this , is that lowering costs is used as an argument for the death penalty . 
  that was french rule !, 
  rabble rabble rabble !, 
  * insert nationalist comment here * ... til ... i didnt even know this until i just found it on wikipedia , am i a bad dutchman ?
