the netherlands should focus on energy from biomass . 
  after the subsidies on wind energy stopped and most wind energy innovation moved to denmark and solar has been outcompeted by germany , the only branch of renewable energy where the netherlands could play an innovating role would be energy from biomass . 
  extracting gas from biological waste is something the netherlands has the technology for and is something that would go a long way to help sustainability and lower independence from fossil gas . 
  it could realy land the netherlands some way to profit off going carbon neutral . 
  but with the rightwing being popular they are just going to yell that the market is going to solve it and leave things to get worse . 
  i think crimea will not change this . 
  yes the need is now clear , but the political will is n't there because there are too many voters in western europe sceptical . 
  only if the eu takes a strong stance that gets broad support from the people in the upcoming elections it would stand a chance , but with all the skeptical parties joining in on these elections i think it will be a hard sell . 
  i do n't think europe spends too little on defence . 
  it should just be used more efficiently then on all the separate armys . 
  by having specialized roles for each country , or a fully integrated european army under one joint command structure would benefit the whole of europe . 
  but it is still too early for this . 
  you 're right . . ill can it . 
  with every bit of news i read about this , it seems things get further away from any chance of a peaceful resolution . 
  worrisome . 
  well i thought there was norway they would finnish this and get away with it . 
  it must have been a pretty swede move . 
  i saw it coming . 
  i saw them czeching out slovakia for some time now . 
  should be fixed now . 
  ** netherlands ** * medals happened . 
  oh god so many ice skating medals happened . 
  [ a backpack full of them ] ( http://nos.nl/os2014/artikel/615178-rugzak-vol-medailles-uit-sotsji.html ) . 
  * people protested because a pedophile was allowed to live in a city , just like normal people !, 
  * mustard gas that was removed from a flat in ede , belonged to a chemistry teacher . 
  breaking bad in the lowlands . 
  * police recieved 150 tips in the case of the murder of els borst , a former minister of public health in the 90 's did i miss anything ? 
  so power is transferred from president back to the parliament . 
  how do the protesters view the current parliament and what are the expectations for the elections in may ? 
  the ones i tried tasted very good indeed . 
  but then again , maybe he just liked realy big omelettes . 
  it is even worse . 
  they even throw away abnormaly formed fruit . 
  nothing is wrong with it , it just has a weird shape . 
  but it still gets chucked . 
  if it is not perfectly shaped they dont even try to sell it . 
  it 's seriously a huge problem in the netherlands . 
  and the part about restaurants , asking for a doggybag is not done in the netherlands . 
  and restaurants do n't offer it . 
  a few months ago the government was looking into an initiative to stimulate people to ask for them to counter the waste of food , but the response to that was , mildly put , depressing . 
  people only saw it as begging for food and something poor people would do , even though they already paid for the food . 
  no its quite well known . 
  banana-bread is also a popular option . 
  i myself usualy chuck my leftover bananas in my blender with some eggs and cinnamon and then make some pancakes of them . 
  delicious and very healthy . 
  bitterballen were traditionally eaten with a type of spiced gin , made from various herbs which are called a ( kruiden ) bitter . 
  jagermeister gives a good idea what it tastes like . 
  therefore the balls eaten were named after the drink consumed with them . 
   balkenende off-camera he is actualy very funny and extremely passionate and charismatic . 
  he just keeps up a stiff image on camera , and it worked for him . 
  and we need to give him credit for trying [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djqdenbofio ), 
   here . 
   i 'd like to know how the romanians ' fight against corruption is going , what 's up in italian politics , how many bike accidents happen in the netherlands ... interesting and diverse things  clearly fake news . 
  dutch people dont crash on their bikes . 
  if we do , we have to hand in our passport and apply for citizenship elsewhere . 
  and yet it is booming because it still is [ profitable enough to compete ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/solar_power_in_denmark ) . 
  yes in winter wind energy will give more energy then then solar . 
  solar will still be a major source of power for the future . 
  stop pushing the anti climate narrative . 
  it is simply outdated . 
  solar collects power from light , not just when it is sunny . 
  it is such an ignorant argument . 
  people would n't install them if the panels would n't collect half of the year . 
  in addition to that , new panels are being researched that also collect power from rain . 
  do germany and denmark have radically different climates ? 
  because solar energy is booming there . 
  yay !, 
  they have great rugby players !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ devout and yes , 50 years ago you 'd be pelted with stones in the bible blet for going to the wrong flavor of church by other christians . 
  yes and this person who offered the internship , to teach them more manners , is a local businesswoman who used to serve on the council of a part of rotterdam . 
  quite a stretch from a party offical offering them an internship . 
  well i must say that he did have a point . 
  every year , just before the first debate , the telegraaf releases a personal attack article on the leader of the largest leftist party . 
  last election it was roemer ( who stumbled in the debate and lost his lead ) , the ones before it , the articles were about the pvda ( wouter bos ) . 
  the pattern he suggested does check out . 
  yes , the telegraaf is an excellent source . 
  their trackrecord with sources is not exactly very good . 
  when compared to the what klaver has actually put in the press about his youth ( which isnt very much ) it does n't hold up to the assumptions of the article . 
  he is actualy opposed to opening the borders to economic migrants . 
  he does want to shelter more refugees who have been processed in greece to comply with the immigration deal that was made from the eu . 
  source ? 
  i 'd like to read about that . 
  the article isnt quite on point , it is exaggerating the seat count in polling , yet it is correct in the surpising succes of klaver with greenleft and his platform . 
  he indeed tries to pick up a trudeau image , yet borrows a lot from bernie sanders ' platform and campaign style . 
  yet his rise can also be explained by the labor party implosion , who might lose a massive amount of seats this next election . 
  excuse the poor source , there isnt much english press picking up our election . 
  i see you 've never been to the south of italy . 
  cheap labor , cheap real estate , cheap tourism and potential as a future growth market . 
  well , you 'd like the vvd then . 
  especially if you like crony capitalism , rich people and fossil fuels . 
  but i agree , across the spectrum there are no anti immigration options , those are just in the right . 
  but that is a consequence of the philosophical basis of left social policy . 
  actually , the vvd isnt conservative in these matters , but in most others they are . 
  they are socially conservative , but not religious . 
  so gay marriage and abortion are n't something they are opposed to . 
  no but it would have helped isis if airstrikes would have stopped . 
  the same way the ira bombed to get political prisoners freed . 
  cheese has caseine which breaks down into casomorphin while digesting . 
  isis did have some clear political goal with terror .
