  how about stopping support for other militias , or stopping airstrikes . 
  less western political influence in the middle east . 
  actually , you need to separate the homophobic / religious assholes from the rest . 
  in the nl a new type of asylum center has recently opened where bigoted and homophobic refugees are placed if they are perceived a danger to other asylum seekers . 
  that way you punish the ones who actually deserve it . 
  i was at myfest 2 years ago . 
  it was an amazing experience especially the people selling food . 
  it reminded me a lot of the vrijmarkten in the netherlands on kingsday . 
  no but it still is a day of celebration . 
  are there any celebrations or protests ? 
  or is it just a day off from work ? 
  there is no public holiday or celebration that i know of in the netherlands . 
  although it might be a bit too much partying to add another day with kingsday and liberation day in one week . 
  come to the netherlands , we speak english decently , you 'll enjoy the familiar weather and we have stroopwafels for as far as the eye can see . 
  and that is pretty far in the flattest country of europe . 
  yes but jurisdiction will be a great problem when nobody wants to reduce the jurisdiction of the national police force . 
  the framework is there , with more intense federal cooperation , europol could be just that . 
  until that time , it will just be cooperation unfortunately . 
  isnt europol kind of the thing you mention with euro-fbi ? 
  people being jailed for a victimless crime , police resources that could be used to deal with real crime . 
  it certainly seems to me like something that needs to be on the agenda of politicians . 
  we used to have such a system in the netherlands but there was to much abuse ( of the system , not the kids thankfully ) . 
  instead of refining the system , which had a lot of potential , the government scrapped it all . 
  it was called guest-parenting and people could get a small benefit for taking care of a kid of someone else while they were at work . 
  i think it would be more prudent to stimulate moms to start small daycare facilities . 
  i do n't think we will ever see this note . 
  despite the media 's multiple cries that the euro would fall ( no this time it will really fall we promise ) it still has n't . 
  i think the euro is more robust then many people think . 
  of course , such a new currency should be handled with care in times of crisis but most european countries have seen worse days . 
  you are right , but the will to shift back to their ideals seems to be missing . 
  there is room for a progressive socialist party in our parliament , but by competing with d66 it will never succeed . 
  what realy struck me is how next to dibi nobody tried to oppose sap . 
  it is the reason why gl is in a bad state now . 
  the pirate party could have been an alternative , but seeing the high influx of disgruntled vvd voters in the pirate party , and internet freedom and copyright reform having a solid support in d66 and gl , i do n't have very high hopes for the pp in the netherlands . 
  they still favor a highly regulated economy . 
  they just had to cater to the other parties in the recent agreement with d66 , cu , vvd and cda . 
  all of them are to the right of the spectrum considering groenlinks , so its logical that because of this agreement they come off as more right . 
  it also doesnt help that they have an economist as fraction leader . 
  if they were to be in a leftist government they would be able to stick to their policies much more , and you would see an entirely different party . 
  its a consequence of working with right wing parties and its really reflecting in their prognosis for the next elections . 
  although dibi had no chance at grabbing head of the party he did adress the valid concern that the party is more busy trying to cater to whatever party that will be governing then it does to their ideals . 
  if the campaign commission received that message then they still stand a chance , else groenlinks will move more towards d66 and become totally insignificant and will need to reinvent itself after they take a colossal beating in the next elections . 
  d66 are progressive social liberals . 
  they blend a privatized low regulated economy with a more social approach to healthcare , education and housing . 
  they have quite the sane view on internet freedom , copyright reform , drug policy and such . 
  they are a very progressive center party . 
  voters who want more personal responsibility on the social issues will flock to vvd to the right of d66 , and voters who want a more regulated economy and are more concerned with environmental problem will swing to groenlinks on the left . 
  [ visual aid ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/krouwel_space.jpg ), 
  only 1/3rd of it . 
  according to reddit or according to the eu ? 
  i personally support the motion to make the robin official . 
  let the records reflect that please . 
  yes but we lost it again because the anti mid and eastern european website . 
  it brought a lot of dutch stupid to the web . 
  yes but blocking the piratebay cost us an internets so we went from -1 internets back to 0 internets . 
  tbh i dont really know how it works in germany . 
  i 've read the 20g decriminalization somewhere , but thats all i know . 
  i think it depends on the state you are in , in germany . 
  a perfect time to legalize marijuana then . 
  that 'll help em enjoy . 
  wow , you two should start a between your countries union or something , you guys work so well together . 
  i 'd join that in a minute , im dutch btw . 
  indeed , it covers the endless pragmatism and compromises that are needed to make so many people on such a small piece of land ( that we won from the sea ) coexist in relative peace . 
  yes , i wrote a [ blogpost ] ( http://likearubberball.wordpress.com/2012/04/14/the-pirate-bay-just-a-proxy-away/ ) about that side of the story . 
  i 'm not a very good blogger though , so be gentle . 
  democracy is a joke to big business . 
  it is a tragedy how business is conducted over the back of the consumer these days . 
  muslims are 5 % of the dutch population , even when you take the extremist from that group . 
  the sharia law advocates etc , you will still end up with a very small portion of the population . 
  i never ever see that reaching a majority in this country . 
  fundamental christians are a bigger problem here then fundamental muslims . 
  there are no muslim political parties because they would have to little voters , while we have 3 christian parties in parliament of which one does n't even allow women in parliament ( until 2 years ago , women couldnt even become a member of their party , they were forced by a judge to accept them ) and strives for what they call a democratic theocracy . 
  the other two are less extreme but take pretty backward stances on drugs , abortion , euthanasia and gay rights . 
  together these parties still make up a large chunk of parliament today . 
  the only way religions are still growing in the netherlands is when parents indoctrinate their kids , and send them to special religious schools . 
  this also goes for muslim childeren . 
  the number of people converting to christianity or islam from being an atheist is incredibly small . 
  schools the pvv advocates for religious schools for jews and christians but does n't want for muslims . 
  wilders simply has terrible stances . 
  the netherlands is so famous for its liberal stances , but how did that came to be ? 
  by being liberal we have always been a welcoming nation to anyone . 
  this is a huge benefit for trade and most of our economy depends on trade . 
  wilders is firmly against the eu , wants the netherlands to step out of the euro . 
  which are insane stances if you consider that rotterdam is the 3rd biggest harbor in the world , 40 % of our economy consists of exports to germany , this is why we are n't hit as hard by the euro crisis , germany is still standing strong so we are pretty safe while our citizens still have massive debt . 
  we 're just lucky that the german economy is still standing strong . 
  he is firmly pro israel , advocate of the war in iraq and afghanistan , also wants to go to war with iran . 
  this is no wonder if you look at where he gets his funding . 
  his european parliament fraction refused to honor the dead of the arab spring and would not rise for a minute of silence for the people who were killed protesting . 
  wilders managed to insult half the eu with his new website while poland is the fastest growing economy in the eu and will probably be a great partner in trade with germany and the netherlands . 
  he is single handedly destroying the liberal reputation the netherlands used to have and our pm is to chicken to say something about it , because wilders would destroy the coalition and the pm would lose power . 
  you should put some on [ / r/snackexchange ] ( / r/snackexchange ) if you want the rest of the world to try them . 
  i dont see why the article says that the motion has failed . 
  yes the motion has failed to make the cabinet fall , but it has succeeded in condemming the website . 
  mark rutte was refusing to condemn the website and a majority of parliament has now condemned it with this motion . 
  this sends a strong international message that the majority of the people are n't behind the actions of the prime minister . 
  it has n't lead to the fall of the cabinet but at least it shows the rest of europe we are n't all dicks here in the netherlands . 
  i 've never been more depressed then the time i lived with my parents . 
  they were quite clear in the matter that they would rather see me go then stay . 
  and i did n't think twice to get my chance and get out of there . 
  my parents have never created a very healthy enviroment for me to grow up in .
