if eu leaders would stop large immigration from countries , which lets not kid ourselves , have a different culture and religion than ours . 
  we would have seen no brexit and no uprise from far right parties in europe . 
  the european union will sadly fall and it would be their own fault . 
  soft stance from the european union on immigration and islamic terrorism is what will disunite europe . 
  if only they would approach the subject head on and actually do something about it . 
  which i do hope they will , but it does n't seem like it . 
  kill/deport all muslims that 's absurd . 
  nobody wants that . 
  we just need to address ideological difference between the west and islam as a religion . 
  we also have to address the notion that the integration of refugees and immigrants is n't without considerable drawbacks , which should be discussed openly . 
  the fact is that radical islamic terrorism is a threat , but even more the extremely backwards views , the so called mainstream muslims have in our society and across the world . 
  no we do n't enjoy it , far from it . 
  we just hate seeing this over and over and want people to actually recognize that their is a problem . 
  merkel 's statements say otherwise . 
  i lot more people would love europe if they have the balls to solve the migrant crisis and limit immigration . 
  by shor !, 
  the horror !, 
  climate change is an important issue . 
  but as someone who studies a field which regurlary includes climate and weather sciences , the people of reddit are overreacting . 
  it will take decennia to feel real consequences of global warming , and i believe that our government and the market , which is continuing to grow in the green sector each year , will eventually stop global warming to a point where it is no longer dangerous for humans on earth . 
  yes . 
  because they are n't that anti-islam . 
  and i do n't like groenlinks . 
  what did you vote for , if i may ask ? 
  i will be voting for pvv . 
  thank you , have a wonderful day . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  i am pro-eu , but would like to see more reforms . 
  i will vote for wilders . 
  let the downvotes come . 
  trump is hardly a dictator though . 
  do n't bother . 
  people think every far-right leader or supporter is a nazi and extremely racist . 
  it 's quite sad in the sense that the word `` fascist '' is being overused and will no longer have the impact towards the real nazi 's , you know the ones marching with swastikas and showing off nazi memoribilia , instead of the ones posting green cartoon frogs on the internet . 
  pretty much anti-immigration but for a stronger and more democratic eu . 
  cooperation in europe is enormously important , but i want to see more interaction between eu politicians and citizens , and we should choose our own eu president or some sorts . 
  in short i like the idea of an european union , but the current one needs massive reforms . 
  a candidate that want us out of the eu , bring us back to our former currency , want to increase military control at the borders and so on . 
  this is subjective . 
  everyone has their own opinion and arguments why it would be good/bad . 
  a lot of people seem to like le pen , especially younger people . 
  populist/far-right parties are becoming more popular throughout europe because it is natural . 
  criticism is growing towards politicians and eu parliament for how they have been treating the refugee problem , which certainly is apparent in france . 
  it is natural that when people are angry , they will be voting for the opposite/or not the ordinary . 
  and you can either accept this and try to convince people to vote otherwise , without being demeaning , or you will see pm marine le pen . 
  far right does n't automatically entail homophobia . 
  i 'd argue that le pen and wilders are far from homophobes . 
  even trump is the most supportive lgbt candidate of all the republican candidates and presidents . 
  if you can look past the hyperbolic headlines of liberal media , you would see a much better picture of a candidate . 
  and according to most here , that means she is the worst and represents every bad adjective possible . 
  le pen is a great candidate , with large support , especially among the young people in france . 
  i was joking  i wanted to reinforce the stereotype you mentioned , that dutch never would admit german links to our nation . 
  lol dutch is german pfff nah i dont think so, 
  not really a language is n't it . 
  do n't listen to / r/europe . 
  they are delusional and fully biased with their leftist views . 
  can you give me a link to the trump one ? 
  and what do you mean by trump crushing hulk hands ? 
  he already shaked hands with merkel when she came to the white house . 
  guess not . 
  i dont know . 
  there were probably no jihadis arrested in those countries . 
  i know . 
  most people on this website are american though , so i normally just use their version . 
  im dutch, 
  most of / r/europe were claiming a surprise corbyn/labour majority . 
  so i am glad that did n't happen . 
  liberals have once again lost . 
  may will be better for the country . 
  offcourse . 
  i was just merely supporting a candidate that / r/europe apparently hates , and wanted to stop the corbyn circlejerk . 
  for may !, 
  and equally fuck the daily mirror . 
  he is attacking it because nato has become weak . 
  european countries , including mine , have absolutely disregarded their defense and military , only for the us to pick the slack . 
  it is fundamental that every nato member has a good military that can stand own it 's own , not only for the empowerment of nato but for that nation itself . 
  with growing threats from islamic terrorism , russia and north korea , it is absolutely clear that countries need to invest more in their military . 
  bush said it , obama said it and trump has said it now too . 
  if we want to encourage peace and stability in this world , than europe needs take up arms and make sure it is ready to meet any military threats . 
  and he only wants to strengthen nato by forcing other countries to pay more on defense . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  im also quite pro-europe and anti-immigrant . 
  europe should be for europeans . 
  i 'm done with this bullshit . 
  fuck islam and fuck isis . 
  abrahamic religions christianity and judaism have done their destruction and oppression long ago . 
  they have underwent a reformation and the extremist views have gone away . 
  islam however , is still a violent religion that promotes killing and violence . 
  christianity and judaism is n't the same as islam , it once was , but with every attack , we are reminded how different their religion is than other abrahamic religions . 
  what / u/wildeastmofo said, 
  yup, 
  this one . 
  i do n't know , its just my opinion . 
  i do n't see why people do n't like may . 
  she seems like strong and capable leader . 
  corbyn acts so weird in my opinion . 
  plus his shadow chancellor or something is a communist . 
  im just curious but , how is melania perceived in her homecountry , now that she is first lady ? 
  i ca n't believe how belgium has n't won the eurovision this year . 
  imo if the eu would introduce tougher immigration laws and integrate more reforms to ensure more democracy in the eu , it would be a terrific union .
