yes because the africans have no internet , yet ... 
  but remember that africa is one of the continents that will have a huge population boom . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_decline#decline_by_nation_or_territory second paragraph, 
  see http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zg5m7/frankfurt_looking_like_a_warzone_right_now/cpinv22, 
  we do n't really care since in our own tongue we say something more like : ` netherland ' ( nederland ) and we do n't speak dutch but ` netherlandish ' ( nederlands ) . 
  the confusing terms were probably invented by the english . 
  they have an extra settler in eu4 , so i thought colonies . 
  i 've been playing to much ... 
  ok , everybody talks about shitting fucking and eating . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is common in every human culture . 
  the reason why they are nationalistic in the first place is to set them self apart from their neighbors . 
  they do n't fear the differences , but the similarities . 
  most of humanity is in their behavior pretty goddamn similar . 
  everybody eats , shits and fucks . 
  but what humans want to do is belong to sub group even though arguably everybody is pretty much the same . 
  if you think that culture lies in architecture than you really should get out more . 
  me too thanks, 
  no its sort off dutch/frisian/english , i could follow it i think . 
  its a bit more difficult than listening to frisian but close enough . 
  can only go down now . 
  ca n't you drink tap water ? 
   netherlands = too flat this is what i keep telling people . 
  god i love mountains . 
  [ thats a long way ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/dir/passau,+germany/oradea,+romania/@47.1345333,20.5468948,7z/data=!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x4774587943a0a065:0x41d25a40937af30!2m2!1d13.4319466!2d48.5667364!1m5!1m1!1s0x474647e368762353:0x1b55a486d65d5344!2m2!1d21.9189438!2d47.0465005!3e2?hl=en ) . 
  note that it does n't take into account that you have to eat and sleep . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure i helped because i clearly remember getting slightly annoyed by the last greek person i saw and thus i went on demanding him to pay me back . 
  he did n't want to . 
  but i 'm pretty sure he is more motivated now . 
   why ca n't we all live in a utopia ? 
  mainly because of permanent shortages and economics around them . 
  fix production and you fix the world . 
  i think there are also real refugees that think money rains from the sky . 
  take about 10 euros and you should be able to buy a mansion . 
  be careful though as you may need to bribe some locals to get out of your new found kingdom . 
  alternatively you could hire some to become part of your private army and conquer them . 
  but its pretty boring . 
  we bitch all the time . 
  thats how things become better . 
  you know that one country called greece ? 
  we 've been bitching about them lately . 
  very soon they 'll be better to . 
  yes ? 
  how much per share and how many shares do you have ? 
  not having syrian papers is probably quite common for farmers and the like . 
  but it did n't look like he was trying to hurt them . 
  because he went laying there with them . 
  i 'm not quite sure what i just saw . 
  so i was looking at this video and thought why is this up voted so much ? 
  and then i realised , right , this is n't normal in the rest of the world . 
  using a bike . 
  oh my god . 
  this is a sensitive subject . 
  ( germans systematically stole a bunch of bicycles near the end of world war 2 ) . 
  i 'd argue that it never was . 
  you can do this in the touristic areas of egypt to . 
  you 're just a stupid foreigner to the natives . 
  people wanting to come to your country because you have it so good is hardly a problem . 
  i 'm feeling something flying over my head . 
  did they dig holes ? 
  ahh greece 's great debt problem is on the decline , good . 
  as a consequence russia experiences a huge boost in productivity in all sectors . 
  i 'm fun at parties , i know . 
  its nothing like the pyramids , the pyramids were such a feat for its time that we are n't even sure how they were build . 
  [ see how all the proposed techniques say hypotheses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptian_pyramid_construction_techniques ) . 
  the space station is n't big , most of the size comes from the solar panels which are collapsed during launch . 
  yes docking with the space station is somewhat difficult , but with modern day technologies it does n't even compare to the moon landings or the pyramids another way to look at is , when the iss was proposed , few people doubted the possibility of it . 
  bigger doubts were about funding . 
  no it takes more energy to escapes earth 's gravitational pull than it takes to escape moon 's gravitational pull so you can say they have the high ground on the moon . 
  but it is n't * that * impressive , its in low earth orbit , its main purpose was to experiment in low gravity situations which is difficult to simulate on earth . 
  the moon landings were more impressive than the iss . 
  the moon is much father away and considering what technology they used to get there , its amazing that everything went well . 
  besides the stuff floating in orbit costs a lot of money to get there , so its understandable that everybody wants to reuse as much as they can . 
  they have the high ground though, 
  also like talking to my self . 
  for anyone wondering why i did n't make an edit , i hate those . 
  1 year `` kill / u/fuppen '', 
  there can only be one !, 
  the mongols did it . 
  it worked . 
  i 'm human , therefore i make mistakes . 
  the only thing i can promise is that i 'll keep doing this . 
  deal with it . 
  germany is a federation . 
  thank you, 
  also singapore , south korea ( for a while ) & china . 
  probably because of differences between the long and short system . 
  most of continental europe uses the long system . 
  whereas most english speaking countries use the short system . 
  honestly , i was making a joke with that line , i suppose it was a little to subtle . 
  that is what they want you to think . 
  well , all the 17 year olds get affected by the compulsory military service they wanted to keep so desperately . 
  besides there comes a time you have to give the world to the next generation , whether its your death or retirement . 
  choosing death for them is just delaying the inevitable . 
  besides old people have power enough as it is , the younger generation has to stand up for them on the bus and such . 
  seriously they usually have more power than young people . 
  a manager is more likely to be old than young . 
  also they have worked all their live and so probably own their house and have some property ( god help the poor bastards that do n't ) . 
  so it would n't be like they could campaign against bad ideas , especially since they have all the time in the world . 
  on the other hand they do have enough time to research all the political things , and they should 've gained more wisdom during there long live . 
  so alternatively we could just raise the voting age to a minimum of retirement age .
