despite the down votes you are actually technically correct . 
  geographically speaking europe 's really just an asian peninsula with delusions of grandeur . 
  surely you mean ` if all goes tits-up ' . 
  this scottish penguin is the colonel-in-chief of the king 's guard . 
  there 's a reason we bloody love norway . 
  miles . 
  ah , but beer is n't really sold in pints , it 's sold in 568ml measures . 
  i hang my head in shame . 
  you 're just not looking hard enough boyo . 
  i know national rivalries are silly and we 're all friends now etc , but whenever i see nation by nation stats like this all i can think is `` did we beat the bloody french ? 
  we did a lot of painting ourselves blue . 
  being muslim and being european are not mutually exclusive . 
  many people are both . 
  it all sounds like some racialised bullshit to me . 
  if you consider yourself ` southern ' then the north starts 5 miles north of where you were born . 
  if you consider yourself ` northern ' then the north starts 5 miles south of where you were born . 
  they were , however , filled with some highly questionable prose . 
  surely city rats are just , well , rats . 
  remember who the queen of australia is ? 
  no need to fight , it 's already ours . 
  and the states for that matter . 
  i 've done some calculations , and if i was independent i 'd be number one . 
  freddie was bi , not gay . 
  bi erasure strikes again . 
  come on uk !, 
  i 'm doing all the bloody work here , the rest of you need to get your arses in gear if we want to reach our rightful place at number one . 
  the plymouth brethren still have a presence in my neck of the woods . 
  we could always go with welsh or scots gaelic . 
  which day is that then ? 
  it sounds fun . 
  atheism , great beer , beautiful places both urban and rural and [ a fantastic looking video-game in the works ] ( http://kingdomcomerpg.com/ ) . 
  it all sounds great to me !, 
  that makes zero sense . 
  i do n't really understand why we 're supposed to care which particular bit of rock people 's ancestors lived on . 
  obviously . 
   seems perfectly okay to use this flag . 
  not really as the city of london is not the capital of the uk and , as far as i know , does not have any hm government buildings and is not even a borough of greater london . 
  the actual seat of hm government is the city of westminster , containing the palace of westminster ( where parliament meets ) , a great many ministries , 10 downing street and buckingham palace itself . 
  it is one of 32 boroughs of greater london , so either the [ arms of westminster ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/21/arms-westminster-lb.jpg ) should be used or , as thehumpadumps pointed out , the flag of greater london ( although this flag has no official status ) . 
  you should never kick people in the shins . 
  `` these are not british soldiers , they are english speaking donetskers who just happened to have got their hands on some british millitary uniforms and fv4034 challenger 2s . '', 
  the british crown considers this to be totally legimate and legally binding . 
  we 'll be sending some tanks in to make sure the pesky ukrainians do n't interfere with the course of democracy . 
  i 'd like to formally welcome the royal borough of donetsk into the kingdom . 
  all that remains now is to decide with particular home nation you 'd like to join . 
  i recommend scotland , you 'll get free university tuition . 
  welcome to the united kingdom !, 
  pretty much . 
  i was just using the french as an example . 
  kick out the french . 
  a lot of britons just do n't like being in any club with them . 
  edit : i 'm not saying this is my opinion , i have nothing against the french . 
  i was just saying that the reason there is so much opposition to the eu in the uk is because there are so many xenophobes who do n't trust anything perceived as being foreign . 
  [ this ] ( http://satwcomic.com/driving ) might explain something . 
  saying ` no disrespect ' does not change the fact that your ignorant comment was disrespectful . 
  that does n't mean that events elsewhere in europe are n't going to effect me . 
  i 'm thinking of a certain event in sarajevo exactly a century ago this year . 
  war in central europe would certainly have far-reaching consequences . 
  also , i could be worried on behalf of the slovaks , not out of self-preservation . 
  thanks for that brief moment of absolute panic . 
  they are round by here , bach . 
  gatland is god 's wrath against the french , repent ye sinners if ye wish to see a grand slam again . 
  damn it . 
  beaten by the bloody french . 
  actually , in english ` they ' is the preferred gender-neutral pronoun . 
  ` it ' is seen as dehumanising . 
  in wales , [ welsh and english are given exactly equal billing ] ( http://www.johnmariani.com/archive/2011/110320/wales%20road%20signs%20-%20elan%20valley%20-%20m128-209-d-a4%5b1%5d.jpg ) . 
  the only thing that differs is which language comes first , and that is generally up to the local council . 
  i 've thought of that one mate . 
  i 'll talk out a hit on * them * . 
  and if the new assassin is caught i 'll just take out a hit out them . 
  and if the * new * new ... 
  i can see where this is going , maybe i should just fork over the # 15,000 . 
  it lists # 200 a the cheapest cost of a hit . 
  that 's unbelievable . 
  the idea that i can have someone killed for just a few days wages is mind-blowing . 
  speech ` inciting racial hatred ' is not covered by free speech , because that actively leads to violence , but racist attitudes are as much covered by free speech as anything else . 
  it is a thin and blurry line , but it 's there . 
  a man i despise eloquently voicing opinions i agree with . 
  i 'm starting to understand why we elected this murderous bastard in the first place . 
  good . 
  as disgusting and despicable as somebody 's opinion is , they should n't be prosecuted for voicing them . 
  that 's the essence of the free speech we pride ourselves upon , the freedom which the nazis would have denied us . 
  umm , what 's your basis for that statement ? 
  wales has not been a principality since it was annexed to the kingdom of england by henry viii in 1536 . 
  and has been legally separate from england ( i.e. 
  it 's own constituent country of the uk ) since the wales and berwick acts were repealed in 1967 . 
  as a welshman , i feel your country-misnomer-related pain . 
  i dunno man , i always quite liked 'em . 
  i believe gensek is referring to the fact the royals are from a german house . 
  you know ballots are secret , right ? 
  that 's the result of having a varied party system . 
  a lot of people are tired of the two-party labour/conservative system we 've had for so many decades and are feeling alienated by mainstream politics . 
  a two-party system is only one party away from totalitarianism . 
  it 's healthy for democracy to have varied voices represent the people . 
  coalitions do now seem inevitable for us , but politics is all about comprise anyway . 
  surely there are americans fed-up with the republican/democrat stranglehold on american politics ? 
  ( i voted green by the way . ), 
  yes . 
  that 's why i voted for them .
