i felt bad for that first dead guy with the huge exit wound under his heart . 
  then i saw the swastika and s/s tattoos over his heart and suddenly did n't feel so bad for him . 
  putin , who i 'm no fan of , has said there are a lot of nazis in the ukraine . 
  perhaps he 's right . 
  each one of those bodies in that stack , as well as those smoking bodies in the earlier photo , were once someone 's child , brother or father . 
  now there 's nothing left for them . 
  such a waste . 
  i especially liked the kid 's version of the sea life shown on the 1,000 kroner bill . 
  the smile on the jelly fish made me laugh . 
  but those * active * homosexuals were another story altogether !, 
  consider the tv show called * family guy * . 
  when there was talk of a spinoff everyone automatically figured quagmire was going to get it because he was so popular . 
  when cleveland got the show and the writers had quagmire express his disbelief , they had peter explain to him that , popular or not , he could n't get his own show because he 's a perverted child molester and a rapist . 
  you , ukraine , are like quagmire . 
  not rapists , but one of the most corrupt places on the planet . 
  no one is going to help you start a war with russia or anyone else until you clean your own house first . 
  sorry about that . 
  we really * want * to like you because we in america always cheer for the little guy against the giant . 
  you need a government now , not a war council . 
  i 've never seen this before . 
  thank you . 
  i thought it was a photo at first . 
  what a beautiful work . 
  for the united states i would have to say [ american gothic ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/grant_wood_-_american_gothic_-_google_art_project.jpg ) . 
  it so represents the stoic american spirit that we all believe we are about , real or not . 
  then there would have to be most anything by norman rockwell , especially his [ freedom from want ] ( https://solari.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/norman-rockwell-thanksgiving_325x396.jpg ) . 
  this famous painting is an image of a typical , large family thanksgiving celebration . 
  that 's the holiday when family who have n't seen each other all year get together to share a turkey feast and is a uniquely american celebration . 
  i came here to find out if any electricity went down . 
  were many affected by blackouts ? 
  i wonder because such a storm would surely knock out power to where i live , here in america . 
  edit : i just saw in the link you posted that an entire 25 % lost power !, 
  sucks , does n't it ? 
  our house is all electric , but we have a coal stove so we at least wo n't freeze . 
  and we could always cook on the grill outside , but having no electricity sucks big time . 
  more power to you for doing this one small act for peace against all the violence . 
  i have no dog in this fight , yet i get teary eyed when i see the good people calling for an end to all the killing . 
  you will prevail in the end , i 'm sure . 
  until then , do n't ever give up . 
  evil can only thrive when good people turn the other way . 
  be excellent to each other , beautiful people . 
  it 's currently 5:23 a.m. over there and the wall of fire remains . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but i have to ask if you really believe the average greek knew any of this ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all they knew was that they were making about as much as their neighbor for the same sort of work . 
  blame goes to those bankers and any politicians who knew what they were doing all along . 
  throw them in prison , then stop the austerity . 
  some wanted the us to undergo such hardships , but we decided not to go that route and our economy is improving . 
  i fear germany is only extending the economic suffering because they desire to teach the greeks some sort of moral lesson . 
  as though the greeks are disobedient children . 
  and as if germany has any right to any sense of moral superiority . 
  i was there during the first three weeks of september , 2001 when the american dollar/turkish lira exchange rate was hovering around 7.5 million . 
  a bottle of efes beer cost something like 5 or 6 million t/l . 
  it was quite an amusing situation when i would go to one of the banks there to exchange one of my american $ 50 's for a stack of bills so huge it could choke a horse . 
  375 million lira is a lot to be carrying around , and the largest bills available were worth ( only ? ), 
  10 million t/l , iirc . 
  i read where turkey later on knocked some of those zeros off the end of those amounts so the exchange rate would n't look so much like that of pre-wwi germany . 
  i now wish i had kept a few of those old multi-million lira bills , but i ended up giving them to a waiter at the pub in istanbul across from the youth hostels on that street where the weekly vegetable market happens because he had been good to me and he only made $ 2 per day working there . 
  so the 20 million t/l i left with him doubled his daily pay . 
  i * did * keep a few coins though . 
  hey there , russia . 
  get ready for the olympics , where lots of american and other sports fans will be sure to be wearing lots of rainbow gear in support of gay rights . 
  i hope crowds of gay tourists kiss openly in moscow and in those other places full of bigotry . 
  so fuck all you russian gay bashers . 
  you ca n't touch the tourists , and i hope that makes your heads explode . 
  he ca n't go the autologous [ sp ? ], 
  route ? 
  that 's where the patient 's own good stem cells are drawn and harvested then returned to them . 
  there 's no need for matching donors . 
  i 'm having this procedure done here in the u.s. in late april to early may , depending on how things go up till then . 
  i wish you both the best of luck anyhow . 
  so , `` old man river '' was an actual river . 
  they figure the moon is yesterday 's news by now , so they 're going to land a craft on the sun instead . 
  polish scientists have figured out a way to get around the heat issue by landing at night . 
  i like the turkish word for `` bear '' because `` ayi ' sounds pretty much like what came out of my english speaking mouth both times i ran into one . 
  i think humor is illegal in american politics , so it 's always good to see something from a civilized country . 
  by the way , in the cartoon did he vote for aska b. ark ? 
  i wish we americans were so weird . 
  the norwegians are building artwork that serves the public good as we cut funds for art and education while spending billions daily on foreign wars that we can never win . 
  perhaps the norwegians are weird , at least they 're not mad like we are . 
  i used to call myself a libertarian at one time . 
  then i realized that if libertarians took over there would no longer be any more free fire protection . 
  why should anyone pay taxes for a service that puts out fires for non tax payers , after all ? 
  we 'd all go back to the day when you had to pay the local fire department and display their logo on the corner of your house or they would let it burn down . 
  this is pretty much the same argument against universal health insurance coverage , so it 's the position libertarians would support . 
  is this the golden dawn clown who punched that lady on tv ? 
  love the dance they do at the top . 
  they deserve the fun after a hike like that . 
  it reminded of the time a g/f and i decided to hike up mount washington in new hampshire . 
  it started out to be a beautiful summer day but once above the tree line it turned a bit dangerous . 
  my heart was beating out of my chest as i passed the white wooden crosses placed where other forty-something idiots just like me had figured they too were healthy enough for this kind of physical torture . 
  it was the relentless trudging , the repeated effort of lifting the feet and pushing your weight uphill that really gets to you after a couple of hours . 
  it 's like walking up endless stairs . 
  you can see the same effort on the woman 's face in this video . 
  it 's possibly one of the most boring things you can do . 
  the press is making such a big deal over the way merkel holds her hands only because her opponent got caught giving the bird . 
  they were calling it a `` rhombus '' yesterday on npr , but it looks to me like she 's doing the same thing with her hands as [ mr. burns ] ( http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100702150415/simpsons/images/6/6a/mr_burns_evil.gif ) . 
  it 's just like volleyball or any other school sport . 
  you can opt out of any school sport if you have a health issue but you ca n't opt out for the year unless you are disabled . 
  swimming is just another exercise meant to make kids healthy . 
  it 's one of the best low impact exercises you can do , in fact , as it exercises all the bodies muscles at the same time and is great for one 's heart to boot .
