  that 's a strange flag . 
  i 've never seen that `` device '' before . 
  it looks like razor wire . 
  so what ? 
  britain should simply ignore such statements or at least counter with something like , `` at least we have paved roads . '', 
  that does n't sound like a good idea at all . 
  here 's the thing , i hate bullies . 
  i 'm left wing in far as i believe everyone deserves to be playing on a more even field but unlike most left-leaners i ca n't be polite , thereby marking myself to you and others as mistakenly `` right wing '' . 
  it 's not even about islam because i fell in love with the turkish people when i visited there . 
  those are the * good * muslims , as are most of them around the world . 
  it 's just this bunch of backwards mountain bullies that i wish would all go back to whatever hell they came from and leave the rest of the world alone . 
  when it comes to acid thrower types i could care less . 
  send them back to wherever their ancestors came from then . 
  the english and other european governments need to interview all muslim men to ask them if they agree with such things as honor killing , forced marriage of little girls to old men and any other such crimes against women common in the stupid parts of the islamic world . 
  then they have to get them to swear by allah that their answers are true . 
  then deport any who answer in the positive while allowing asylum to their women . 
  kick them back to the shit hole of a country they made for themselves before they turn everywhere else into their fourteenth century nightmare . 
  once europe is cleared of these retrogressive assholes then perhaps we can do the same here in the states to the american taliban . 
  we can put them on a boat along with those closeted gay `` god hates fags '' cunts and send them all to some deserted island where they will all interbreed before finally turning into cannibals who will decimate each other . 
  ( bwu-ha-ha ! ), 
  my mother who was a young adult at the end of wwii once told me that fish and chips never tasted the same after they stopped serving them in a rolled up london times . 
  the newsprint back then used colorfast ink , unlike the vegetable dies used today that blacken your fingers . 
  the server would roll a sheet of yesterday 's new into a cone , fill it half way with `` chips '' and put a big hunk of fried fish on top along with a small packet of salt . 
  sounds yummy to me . 
  no , you were correct . 
  [ here 's a street view of one of those houses ] ( http://uglybelgianhouses.tumblr.com/post/36729218887/dont-you-just-love-belgium-you-should-like-my ) . 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  the numbers for `` watched pornography '' appears quite low . 
  63 % at the highest ? 
  was this the result of some pre-internet survey ? 
  i would imagine that if you presented the same question here in the states you would get a return of somewhere around 86 % and even that percentage would probably mask some under reporting by those who could never bring themselves to admit to watching it , so i would imagine the true percentage to be somewhere in the low 90 's . 
  everyone in america has enjoyed watching porn , especially since the video tape boom of the eighties made it easier to get ahold of . 
  hell , i 'm old enough to remember when if you wanted porn you needed a film projector . 
  nowadays , with the quality free free porn offered on the internet , i would find someone who * does n't * watch porn to be the outlier . 
  it 's not so much that a single racist fool threw bits of banana , it 's more about no one in the crowd giving him a well deserved beatdown . 
  what a desperate fool . 
  i would love to watch him try to sue a foreign paper over this . 
  he might be shocked to find that some countries do n't arrest their reporters for printing something the government disagrees with . 
  anyhow , why start a lawsuit at this time ? 
  he will surely be out of power long before the case would ever came to court . 
  of course . 
  unfortunately , so do the republicans , but that never stopped them from wasting the country 's time and resources before if it got them the stupid people 's vote . 
  a right as long as the country does n't vote in a republican majority , that is . 
  they want to make flag burning illegal and they probably would n't stop there . 
  you may be right . 
  that was an interesting read . 
  thank you . 
  i saw the most beautiful women i 've ever seen in the mountains of western turkey . 
  i 'm not sure where they came from as they look unlike any other turks i saw while traveling around the country . 
  these women were tall , with light skin , red hair and green eyes . 
  they must have been descended from vikings , i guess . 
  all i know is that the females from this tribe looked like fashion models and the fact that they were hidden away in this mountain village just blew my mind . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  if there 's no prevailing breeze on the night they light this off the blaze will create its own . 
  if the wind turns against those houses and starts showering them with sparks they 're not going to be doing any celebrating . 
  then there 's those rows of tires . 
  they 're going to smell up the hood with thick , black smoke no matter what the wind does . 
  i just hope someone gets video of what could turn out to be an epic failure . 
   this sign is in ireland so * that * explains it . 
  thank you . 
  your comment should be at the top . 
  have an upvote . 
  `` most men '' ? 
   most men are gay i take it by that you 're referring to childhood experimentation ? 
  if so , no . 
  of course not . 
  all i 'm saying is that if you keep coming back to it , you 're gay . 
  it 's like the old saying , `` once is cool , twice is queer . '', 
  edit : and there 's nothing wrong with that !, 
  yes . 
  they hate themselves for being gay so they take it out on everyone . 
  closeted gays . 
  this has to be the common understanding if we want to rid ourselves of this lunacy . 
  when every person walking down the street can point at one of these haters and tell them to get over it and `` just be their gay selves '' they will either crawl under the rock they originally came from or liberate themselves by admitting their gayness . 
  you are correct , but that 's just wrong . 
  sticking your dick up another guys ass is gay gay gay as hell , no matter how anyone tries to explain it otherwise . 
  `` culture '' as an excuse has as much to do with it as does `` convenience '' does in prison . 
  nothing changes the simple fact that sexual contact between two men is gay . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that !, 
  unless you 're so in the closet that the only way you can get your jollies is through raping weaker men . 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but any `` culture '' that accepts such rape is degenerate and sorely needs to catch up with the rest of the world . 
  sorry if i rant . 
  i 'm not aiming my rage at you , as i figure you 're not one of those who accepts it , you just wanted us to know the facts . 
  it 's because if gays are free and accepted by society then these haters might be tempted to act upon their own homosexual urges . 
  it sounds more like unintended admission of closeted self hate to the rest of the world . 
  thanks . 
  i see now that the authorities consider taking the animal after running it over to be hunting without a license . 
  this makes sense , i guess . 
  what law was broken ? 
  it sounds as though someone saved the saved the municipality the cost of removing it themselves . 
  or does all unclaimed road food automatically go to the town idiot , as per the simpsons ? 
  and then there 's always the possibility that the moose was only knocked unconscious and got up and walked away after the motorist left . 
  what a perfect voice . 
  i have no idea what she 's singing but it still speaks to my soul . 
  thank you for this . 
  before 1919 an employer could make you work sunup to sundown if it suited him . 
  this law made it so anything over eight hours could be refused and had to be paid time and a half ( 150 % ) . 
  good show !, 
  i just hope they [ saved the wee turtles ] ( http://tometheus.com/wiki/images/thumb/6/68/turtles-simpsons-06x07-wee_tur%27les.jpg/150px-turtles-simpsons-06x07-wee_tur%27les.jpg ) !,
