i try not to take people who buy into stereotypes very seriously . 
  if someone ca n't judge people on the content of their character , that 's a fundamental flaw in their morality . 
  i 'm a `` white turk '' and i 'm not interested in where i fit in in a racial classification system outside of the novelty of knowing where my ancestors migrated to/from . 
  especially if it 's something where people are comfortable being around me because i do n't have an accent and i 'm white enough . 
  i have relatives who the same people would look at and a corner of their mind might stereotype as `` oh scary dark muslim '' or at least `` they 're not one of us '' lol when they 're really just atheist/socialist and would fit in fine in sweden ( at least as far as values go ) . 
  i occasionally hear about romanians and bulgarians getting treated poorly in the uk too . 
  i do n't think it 's an experience you can speak to unless you 've gone through it . 
  even when you grow up in another country , part of you is always wondering if there 's more in turkey . 
  and then you get there and might realize that you do n't fit in very well there either . 
  it 's not necessary for the uk have a no turks drinking fountain or that kind of overt racism for the child of a turkish immigrant to have a different experience than a british child growing up . 
  usually when someone says they identify as queer , i take their word for it . 
  as a community they have a lot of legitimate issues . 
  she could also identify as lgbtq . 
  in that case she 's marginalized in turkey and less so in britain . 
  europeans retain the right to include or exclude us when they see fit . 
  that 's the agreement they came to at the international conference of pale people ( in which we have observer status but may eventually rise to the rank of privileged partner ! ), 
  we are actually genetically pretty close to armenians due to mixing with them , so we look alike . 
  i do n't think anyone can say with any confidence that turks are lighter or darker than armenians . 
  it goes both ways . 
  turks have always been perceived in the west as more oriental than armenians , i do n't think this is even arguable . 
  it 's because of our central asian language/migration/heritage , islam , and ottoman history . 
  us ambassador morgenthau 's book on the armenian genocide has some assertions of turkish racial inferiority in comparison to the christian armenians . 
  for a long time `` turk '' was synonymous with `` swarthy '' or being a muslim . 
  haha there 's even a moment in stanley kubrick 's * lolita * where i think lolita 's mom says she 'd rather kill herself than be with a turk ( or something like that ) . 
  none of this is intended to add to whatever it is that your classmate was trying to say . 
  whether or not you think the armenian genocide happened , anyone with a brain knows that the ottomans ruled the armenians for centuries , not the other way around . 
  race is a social construct . 
  if you are turkish you can pretty much count on being mixed in some way but it varies a lot from person to person . 
  some will categorize us as white , some wo n't . 
  even if we are categorized as white , in other countries we still constitute an ethnic minority and often part of a religious minority . 
  i 'm not really interested in what she actually said/the controversy . 
  i think she 's turkish . 
  i think that a lot of berber and semitic dialects were lost , but it 's mostly speculation on my part . 
  only if the arabs apologize for the arabization of n. africa . 
  we turks recognize the suffering of basque whalers . 
  when will iceland apologize for this black stain on humanity ? 
  we have proof that one basque once converted to islam , when will iceland say `` no '' to the slaughtering of innocent muslims ? 
   your argument that they are equal the nationalisms . 
  not the particular atrocities ( which i never attempted to [ equate ] ( https://www.google.com/#q=equate+definition ) in any way ) . 
  if you read the comment i initially replied to , it says that turkish nationalism is on `` a whole different level '' . 
  i argued that they were characteristically similar and mentioned atrocities to help make my point . 
  mentioning things is n't the same thing as saying they are equal . 
  i think the notion that these nationalisms are similar is perfectly sound and using examples for each respective country does not amount to equating the particular atrocities . 
  nor does it even amount to equating the severity of glossing over atrocities committed against native americans vs. the severity of denying the armenian genocide . 
  furthermore , i never mention agent orange or the philippines , i specifically mention the native americans for whom there are plenty of modern examples of denial or discrimination by americans despite acknowledgements by nixon and commemoration by a number of states . 
  crimes against native americans and armenians are [ comparable ] ( https://www.google.com/#q=comparable+definition ) ( not equal or the same ) . 
  we ca n't indict andrew jackson or talat pasha or sent them to the hague mainly because they are dead . 
  when you bring in agent orange , we 're talking about something that can still be traced back to living people . 
  henry kissenger is still hanging out at global summits and making appearances on colbert . 
  so i do n't really understand why you would mention this , i do n't see what it adds to your point . 
   a significant number of british people still have a positive opinion of oliver cromwell , i do n't think that is equitable to denying the armenian genocide . 
  i 'm not irish or armenian , and i think they are probably the best judges of such a thing . 
  if you ask me having a positive opinion of cromwell is much like having a positive opinion of abdul hamid ii , it 's deplorable . 
  in all of this , there is no mention of the fact that the atrocities committed against the natives is never characterized specifically as genocide . 
  thank you for the links , i will read them . 
  if you actually read what i said instead of oversimplifying in order to concoct an argument , you will see that i equated turkish and american nationalism , not their particular atrocities . 
  i noted that the us is better able to come to terms with its atrocities because of protections on political speech . 
  my argument is that since turkey does not have free speech , the country is not even able to have a discussion beyond government propaganda . 
  those that try have to suffer grave consequences . 
  the purpose of my comment was mostly to note the similarities in the nature of us and turkish nationalism since i have been exposed to both . 
  between the millions of civilians killed in south east asia , the dictators we propped up in south america , and the war on terror i think the us has plenty of it 's own moral dilemmas . 
  i do n't think there 's a point in trying to compare the historical crime of armenian genocide with modern us atrocities . 
  edit : nor is there a point in comparing genocide of natives with the atrocities that took in the ottoman empire . 
  each should be studied and discussed on it 's own merits . 
  i was just trying to show how in my experience the nationalisms of both countries are similar in regard to dealing with atrocities . 
  again , if you re read my comment , there is no attempt to equate ignorance of philippine-american war and agent orange to turkish denial of the armenian genocide . 
  i think you 're mostly right about that , and it 's because the north was victorious over the south and was able to impose it 's history/version of events . 
  we still have a problem as a society coming to terms with racial dynamics and systemic oppression which have been prevalent since the end of reconstruction . 
  i 'd also argue that the nationalistic simplifications are very common when you try to question vietnam , the war on terror , etc. 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/01/30/us-iraq-deaths-survey-idusl3048857920080130 ) is a survey that found that 1 million iraqis died as a result of the iraq war . 
  i also urge you to read the [ report ] ( http://www.psr.org/assets/pdfs/body-count.pdf ) by physicians for social responsibility on the death toll in iraq , afghanistan , and pakistan . 
  it 's hard to find vigorous debate about this in mainstream political discourse . 
  edit : i added a better link to the report by psr, 
   nationalism in turkey is on a whole different level i say all of this as a citizen of both the us and turkey . 
  i 've had my fare share of debates with neo-cons and i think it 's about the same . 
  turkish conservatives and nationalists organize their ideas around a cartoonish and overly simplistic depiction of turkish/ottoman history . 
  usually one that depicts their particular viewpoint sympathetically and casts historical and modern ideological opponents in a negative light . 
  i do n't think the concept of american exceptionalism ( something espoused by both democrats and republicans ) is much better than turkish nationalism . 
  the us just has a tradition of free speech which does n't exist in turkey because of article 301 . 
  thanks to that there have been debates after the fact for us atrocities even though most are glossed over in favor of a more nationalistic storyline . 
  while it 's not hard to find americans who refer to the extermination of natives as genocide , we still have andrew jackson on the $ 20 . 
  i remember dressing up as an explorer in a play about christopher columbus . 
  mlk day was resisted pretty fiercely and i 'm not aware of a lot of us state apologies/commemorations of our atrocities either . 
  in my case , and i 'm sure many other americans , ap us history was the first time i had a chance to learn a more in-depth version of us history . 
  so it should n't surprise anybody that this course is under attack in several states by people who ca n't appreciate/accept anything but their narrow perspective being taught in school . 
  in summation i think us and turkish nationalism are about equal . 
  the us just has a history of being a freer society for a longer period of time . 
  in turkey if you want to publicly say anything that contradicts the government 's perspective you have to think twice thanks to article 301 . 
  the us is a lot more dedicated to protecting political speech , and that 's the difference . 
  edit : and for the record i think both of my countries have a lot to atone for and should move towards acceptance of their pasts . 
  edit 2 : i think some us states do commemorations of massacres against natives , but it is a recent phenomenon . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.newrepublic.com/article/120441/statue-celebrated-sand-creek-massacre ) is a fairly recent story about a statue in front of the colorado state capitol which originally celebrated the `` victory '' at sand creek ( a horrendous massacre of natives ) . 
  that would be like being jewish and seeing a statue celebrating the victory of the glorious ss . 
  also , i just want to point out that this comment is not intended in any way towards equating armenian genocide denial and the ignoring/mild acknowledgements of us atrocities by american as it was characterized below . 
  it 's just a recounting of my experience with the particular nationalisms . 
  how do you decide what a legitimate fear for one 's life looks like ? 
  edit : in this sub you get downvoted for asking a question ( and i have to assume the turkish flair helps ), 
  i 'm sure you do have gardens and dirt haha but i was trying to visualize how earthworms ended up there . 
  nature is crazy ( unless they were introduced by humans or something ) . 
  i did n't realize earthworms lived in iceland .
