  i think it 's a volcanic island , so i wonder how they got there . 
  i looked it up and they seem to live in most of the northern hemisphere . 
  edit : so apparently they are indigenous to [ europe ] ( http://animals.nationalgeographic.com/animals/invertebrates/earthworm/ ), 
  i 'm sure anti tank missiles and radar planes have some use in the current bombing campaign taking place in yemen which i also mention in the comment . 
  plenty of children and women have died during the anti-houthi bombing campaign . 
  anti-tank missiles make it harder for the houthis to defend themselves . 
  as a result al-qaeda is gaining territory in yemen . 
  saudi arabia is only able to get away with this because the us and it 's allies are uncompromising supporters of the regime , and sweden has taken a small role in this ( and turkey a much larger role sadly ... ) . 
   if you are going to complain about swedish defence industry at least complain about an upsetting case like the sale of artillery systems to india and pakistan or grenade launchers to the us . 
  sure thing , that sucks too . 
  i was just looking for one example country to lend credibility , i did n't want to make it seem like i was keeping track of every bad thing sweden ever did , since there are far worse actors in the world . 
  it 's not comforting because the weapons will mostly be used on people who ca n't defend themselves . 
  i 'm not afraid of saudi arabia attacking turkey or america . 
  but it 's completely plausible that they will use those weapons to crush dissenters within their own population , sell them to people who promise to kill shiites/iranians , and they are currently conducting a bombing campaign over yemen right now . 
  thank you , i never see anything about this . 
  i have relatives who left bulgaria because of that . 
  sweden has sold weapons to a lot of repressive regimes . 
  i 'm not saying the whole country is responsible for it , but it is a reprehensible thing . 
  to me it 's completely absurd . 
  reforming the social safety nets in america would only take a slight raise in taxes and perhaps a slight cut in benefits ( or maybe more of a raise in taxes and keep benefits the same ) . 
  the math to keep these programs solvent is n't that complicated , there just is n't the political will to fix the problem until it 's snowballed to the point of being a catastrophe . 
  it 's asinine because half the electorate is old . 
  social security and medicare are practically untouchable . 
  he would lose his next election by 25 points and this is assuming he did n't get utterly disowned by his own party ( which to their credit sort of happened but he still wins the primary ) . 
  even if he magically won the general election , hordes of old people in crutches and wheelchairs would descend on the white house and just eat him once they lost healthcare . 
  dawn of the elderly lol ... 
  what are you like the duke of monaco or something ? 
  i do n't doubt that a lot of spanish have suffered , but it 's still a 1st world economy , one of the largest in the world . 
  last time i checked they still buy iphones , not make them . 
  i never said or assumed that every country pays trolls . 
  i specifically mentioned 4 countries . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jan/31/british-army-facebook-warriors-77th-brigade ) an article that details the uk 's recent facebook warrior thing . 
  it makes a passing mention of the us and israel which have been obvious for a while anyways . 
  russia should be so obvious i should n't have to say anything about it . 
  yeah , good point . 
  i think there are different kinds of shills and trolls for different purposes . 
  i 've definitely seen much more sophisticated shilling too , like some of the / r/worldnews threads when israel was last bombing gaza . 
  that 's also true which makes it harder to tell which is which . 
  if a shill is good enough , you ca n't tell that they 're a shill . 
  the uk , us , and israel have trolls on the internet whose sole purpose is to influence public opinion . 
  it 's harder to discern than russian propagandists because as westerners we hear their perspective every day on the news in the form of analysis . 
  read an active comment section on any american political website . 
  they are riddled with trolls who use crude language , but if you read in between the lines there is a point to it . 
  these trolls are just the lowest rung of an entire ladder of propagandistic actors . 
  i think rather than ban news sources that are perceived as extremely biased , perhaps a better move would be to have a comment by the op or other commenters to clarify the interests of the news source , the specific journalists/authors , and maybe even the conglomerate/state which owns or controls the publication . 
  it should n't be a requirement , but maybe commenters can take a few minutes and fill in the gaps rather than banning something for being `` propaganda '' . 
  when i watch cnn talk about palestine , it just seems like israeli/us propaganda to me , but i bet most people do n't think twice when watching them . 
  pretty much all turkish media is propaganda . 
  i feel the same way about rt and other russian media too . 
  i feel like there are still things of value that come from these sources , you just have to take a few minutes to read about the source . 
  i appreciate your addition . 
  people underestimate east asian countries not named china quite a bit . 
  i know this . 
  japan helping is probably more impactful than half the countries on that map . 
  it 's a pretty large economy . 
  i went through a range of emotions too . 
  i do n't know what i 'd do if i could n't debate about racism and turkish stuff on here haha . 
  this is what i wrote right before i got banned . 
  there are actually historians that argue that it was n't genocide when the definition of genocide is used narrowly to describe the nazi holocaust and only the nazi holocaust . 
  it 's not just turkish historians that do this . 
  in one of the chapters in one of my middle east textbooks from college ( usa ) i remember the author arguing something like that . 
  i think there is a semi-consensus among western historians on this issue , but by no means is recognition of the events as a genocide a litmus test to be an accredited historian . 
  i think the idea that the ottomans slaughtered and forcibly removed armenians from a place they considered their homeland is undeniable . 
  what 's being debated is whether these events can be called genocide . 
  it 's a semi-consensus i tend to agree with . 
  there are many problematic things you encounter as a turk when reading about the armenian genocide ( such as turks being savage , animalistic , and racially inferior ) that make it hard to swallow . 
  it 's a big deal in turkey because of nationalism and fears that we will somehow lose territory ( which ca n't legally happen unless we gift it to armenia . 
  i do n't think there is a global body/organization that can legally take turkish land and give it to armenia ex post facto based on events that took place before the existence of the un charter , nuremburg , the icc and etc. ) . 
  turks worry that our reputations will be stained permanently . 
  turkish identity is strongly tied to the dissolution of the ottoman empire . 
  many of the minorities left , were forced out , or killed and we forged a new identity for ourselves under ataturk 's reforms and detached ourselves from our past . 
  the collapse of the ottoman empire was a national trauma for muslim turks . 
  it 's in the interests of nationalists to paint this time period in a way that makes turks look great . 
  that 's about it . 
  there are a lot of old turkish people out there who can tell similar stories about what the greeks did to their village , or what the armenians did in erzincan . 
  try convincing someone like that , who loves their country that turks did something wrong . 
  it 's not easy , and honestly when turks are antagonized over this issue , it just makes it that much harder . 
  there needs to be a dialogue between diasporas ( the battle over this usually takes place in other countries ) . 
  you ca n't harass someone into believing something that they do n't want to believe . 
  also , it 's hard to care when a country like the us , uk , france , russia , or belgium recognizes it . 
  these states have done plenty they have to atone for , but they do n't face the same pressure to recognize their pasts ( or presents if you consider what the us and russia have done in the last decade ) . 
  for me it 's more interesting and revelatory to hear from an armenian rather than hear people like the pope or the president of france posturing about the wrongs of the ottoman empire . 
  thank you . 
  i do n't know , to tell you the truth . 
  i live in the united states , so i have a different perspective than most turks , so i do n't feel like i can really speak for them . 
  i think the only right thing to do is to accept the events that occurred . 
  i think enver pasha has a good amount of streets named after him , so clearly some people are okay with him . 
  i 'm not a fan . 
  i was n't educated in turkey so i do n't know the official line on him . 
  i tend to dislike glorifying historical figures because it distorts conversations and just adds to the narrative of nationalists . 
  i try to avoid discussing the subject of wwi in person as much as possible . 
  i got threatened once or twice over this topic and decided it was n't worth getting into a fight over . 
  i made a very bad typo . 
  the word `` not '' should be in there . 
  i have another comment in this thread saying that turks ca n't dismiss the suffering of armenians , greeks , kurds , assyrians , and etc. 
  give me the benefit of the doubt . 
   i dismiss it because it is not on the same level as an actual genocide this antagonizes turks and does n't bring them closer to coming to terms with anything . 
   turks often cast them in the role of the evil imperialist bogeyman because they were . 
  the russians wanted to conquer us and made no secret of it . 
  if they accomplished that , the black sea would be all theirs and they would have much easier access to the mediterranean .
