that 's a nice color of concrete gray, 
  sunflower seeds do you have different flavors ? 
  oh man what 's inside of those !, 
  looks amazing, 
  is it a czech chip or is that a common thing in europe ? 
  surprised more people do n't have this in their culture . 
  it gives the baby a fresh start . 
  mine was n't head first though so i do n't know if it really counted, 
  we might not have a word for it !, 
  so kasza might be the correct and only word . 
  i will have to try this, 
  they say it 's buckwheat here . 
  which it looks like cereal ? 
  also knedle are called dumplings in english !, 
  fruit with pierogi ??? 
  did you try this ? 
  that 's what i heard . 
  there 's not as big of a monopoly for airline as there is in america which is awesome . . 
  would love to get cheaper airfare in the us . 
  going to europe is pretty expensive . 
  i have seen that wowair the icelandic company gives great deals but heard the flights are delayed and what not . 
  i ask because at some points it goes back to italy . 
  yea supposedly sicilians were told to say they were italians and not sicilians at all or you 'll get made fun of in school, 
  knew this was coming, 
  why does belgium have so many weird houses like that ? 
  i picked iceland !, 
  thanks for the great info !, 
  not many left but they taught their children and their grandchildren how to cook so the culture is still alive . 
  do n't let people fool you saying that americans just have frozen pizzas and microwaveable spaghetti . 
  we love to eat but we also love to cook . 
  we are n't idiots like a lot of this subreddit likes to label us . 
  but for the question about what specifics groups were after the war i ca n't help you about that sorry !, 
  a lot of our ancestors from the old country are still living today cooking the same food . 
  sensitive ? 
  no one gets offended by that . 
  there is even people with the last name here pollack . 
  i think in america there is a different understanding on it . 
  in america they are n't saying they are 100 % german , italian etc. . like they literally came there themselves . 
  it 's a cultural thing here . 
  we still have old country traditions , food etc. . 
  so when they they say they are italian they are basically saying `` we celebrate italian culture , food and tradition that has come over from the old country from our grandparent . '', 
  ( some people get really offended when americans do this ), 
  i 'll give my opinion . 
  my grandfather told me a couple years ago when he was growing up ( 1940s ) ethnicity ruled . 
  he said 99 % of people were white but ethnicity determined where you lived , who you hung out with , who you married , what church you went to etc. . . italians had one section while the pollocks , czechoslovakians ruled another part and the irish had there own section . 
  it was basically a club you were with . 
  in my fathers generation and my generation people bring it up that are curious or want to bust balls . 
  scenario 1  joe : where are you from with a last name like that ? 
   john : my family is from poland . 
  how about you ? 
   joe : same !, 
  so it 's a nice conversation starter . 
  also it could be part of our culture . 
  no one really thinks they 're an american purely . 
  they think they are part of the old land ( which i do ) . 
  because how big america is it 's very diverse and we like categories could be another reason . 
  is n't slovenia the want to be slovakia ? 
  yea i think i might just do amsterdam or copenhagen for the 3-4 days . 
  amsterdam is looking very nice . 
  thank you, 
  it 's very cheap for public like the buses ? 
  copenhagen does sound very nice . 
  now as an english speaker would i have trouble getting around ? 
  also how would sleeping work there ? 
  would i get a motel for 3 days ? 
  is everything in walking distance ? 
  someone suggested a bike rental ? 
  also i 'm coming from nyc . 
  that 's what i was thinking of just picking one just wanted to get a couple of opinions . 
  i do n't want to head into a country where the dominant language is n't english, 
  one city 3 or 4 days . 
  and a bike will even be good during the winter ? 
  i do n't mind the idea of a bike at all . 
  please continue with your advice, 
  how was the vodka shot at 10 ? 
  shits about to get serious good luck, 
  it 's today, 
  thanks, 
  jesus that 's ridiculous how cheap that is !, 
  you 're right you ca n't argue with the prices . 
  do you travel a lot with it being that low ? 
  really cheaper to fly ? 
  could you give me an example ? 
  in the us it 's very expensive to fly in country, 
  all of those are amazing . 
  my favorite are the village stone cottages that are pretty out there in he country it seems . 
  i 'm strongly making it a goal to retire out in one of these areas . 
  thank you for this, 
  also would you be able to tell me where the town in the final episode where the americans are stealing the silverware ? 
  they mention it 's near the eagle 's nest ? 
  edit : might be called berchtesgaden ? 
  where 's your favorite old time place in europe ? 
  that 's the town !, 
  you got to be kidding me . 
  that 's a shame . 
  now are a lot of these in the netherlands ? 
  my favorite town in the series was when they were in the netherlands and they were celebrating the americans coming in . 
  that whole entire town was beautiful, 
  that 's what i was hoping to here . 
  now you would n't know if it would be expensive to live in one of these areas ?
