the sharia police and the sharia fire department will be collaborating to find the culprits . 
  he was also blackmailing her with sex pictures iirc , or maybe that 's another one . 
  i know little about sweden so i ca n't say much anyway . 
  that immigrants are more prone to commit crimes than working class locals is something i have witnessed myself , but it 's still anecdotal evidence . 
  in any case , i do n't believe diversity in itself is good rather than bad , and i believe immigration should be restricted to the demands of the job market . 
  if you mean the whole `` rape capital of the world '' thing , they will say it 's because sweden 's definition for rape is very loose . 
  you wait for someone to publish a study that compares the crime rates of immigrants to the crime rates of locals . 
  now that 's something you can base your opinion on . 
  i do n't base my opinions on isolated events like this one , but it makes me sick nonetheless . 
  i 've noticed that `` pro human rights '' posters in this sub often mention fear mongering to discredit the consequences of the incoming migrant waves . 
  it 's like their entire stance consists of moral masturbation and burying their hand in the sand . 
  yep , i got carried away , but seeing them butthurt again and again is good enough . 
  the downfall of this model is inevitable though , no amount of lobbying can keep the industry from opening up , however slow the process . 
  not a joke , it 's even more expensive in france . 
  it is obsolete . 
  it 's nothing short of a monopoly , the fares are outrageous , and the license prices are a joke . 
  the people that got theirs for spare change are selling them for over 100k , runts without a high school diploma trying to live like kings . 
  the taxi trade is obsolete , and i love seeing it dismantled . 
  it 's way cheaper in spain to get a commercial pilot license , than it is to get a madrid taxi license ( 160k $ ) . 
  shit , it 's cheaper to fly to america and get your commercial pilot license in an american academy , than it is to get a taxi license in a mid-sized city like zaragoza ( 100k $ ) . 
  i think this wave of mass immigration is doing europe more good than harm in the long run . 
  public opinion is shifting despite the one sided , caricaturesque portrayal in some major media outlets , policy is changing , and europe is strengthening its borders and quickly learning how to handle waves of migrants . 
  someone said the other day here `` we 'll look back at this in 50 years and talk about how racist we were back then '' , and i say they 're wrong if they think europe can keep up with 50 years of unchecked borders , and they 're wrong if they think this is nothing but a tiny syrian refugee crysis . 
  i do n't think certain immigrants do n't get jobs just because they are lazy . 
  it has more to do with the fact that they come to europe unqualified , and this is not 1960s europe where you could get a job anywhere turning screws . 
  either way , it 's evident europe does n't need a lot of the people that come here , and immigration should be restricted to the needs of the job market . 
  unless there 's a change in policy , their support will keep growing . 
  democracy will work it out in the end , i just hope it wo n't be too late . 
  probably been said already , but we make fun of brits and germans much more than we make fun of the portuguese . 
  and then an / s in the end . 
  i ca n't keep track of that many double ironies . 
  i do n't like these opinions and facts so i 'm glad you guys confined them to this unreadable mess !, 
  thanks mods !, 
  keep up the good work !, 
  smells can permeate through airtight plastic containers , just slower . 
  also if you mix a bunch of smells with drug smell , the dog will seperate all the smells and still recognize the drug . 
  if they used carbon paper , it probably means that it 's more effective than airtight plastic , but still ineffective over time . 
  that 's how good a dog 's nose is . 
  it 's very ignorant to assume xenophobia could be the only possible reason why a european would oppose increasing immigration in the context of an african demographic boom . 
  economical unsustainability and the burdening of the public sector at a time when many of us barely have any crumbs to spare is what worries me . 
  you might believe millions of unqualified labourers over the next decade , and more over the next one at the gates of the big technological replacement will make europe a better place , but that 's a gamble i 'm not willing to take . 
  as long as they both censor or limit speech , and police thought , they are comparable . 
  and let 's not pretend reddit , and even / r/europe ( a certain american former mod comes to mind ) are n't big fans of * real censorship * . 
  back in the 30s my great uncles died in the spanish civil war defending freedom of speech and freedom of thought on the republican ( left-wing ) side . 
  now it 's the left that polices thought and censors speech . 
  i ca n't say i 'm surprised this happened , just sad . 
  anyway , immigration will increase , and europe will continue shifting towards an anti immigration postition , here and irl . 
  it 's nothing more than a defense mechanism . 
  the swedish left sometimes reminds me of the officer from the bridge on the river kwai . 
  the borders are n't enforced nearly enough to stop illegal immigration , it 's already happening . 
  the current immigration approach ca n't handle africa 's demographic boom . 
  europe can not accomodate increasing waves of unqualified manual labourers at the gates of a technological revolution that might nearly wipe manual labour out of the picture . 
  we are not roaring 20s america , we do n't need immigrants more than immigrants need us . 
  some of us can barely get through the day , yet our hometowns feel increasingly foreign , and i do n't even live in a major city . 
  but vice told me `` malm\u00f6 has reinvented itself as a diverse , creative and young city in the last 20 years '' . 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/-spamtzh46y?t=4m29s ) . 
  if europe needs you more than you need europe , you 'll be fine . 
  it 's really , really hard to not automatically downvote american posters , and you 're making it more difficult . 
  check [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/european-immigrants-contribute-5bn-to-uk-economy-but-noneu-migrants-cost-118bn-9840170.html ) out, 
  well the jews are the ones that are being most affected by this recent rise of `` european '' anti-semitism , so i guess it 's reasonable that they start writing articles like this one . 
  again , using the * french * guyana , or any dom-tom in this argument is disingenuous . 
  that 's like saying the canary islands are in africa . 
  as long as it 's called the european union , being on your way to it means you are in europe . 
   hehe , jimmies rustled . 
  i love that . 
  now * i 'm seriously doubting you 're over 16 years old . 
  sometimes * `` maghreb countries are showing progress and might get a chance at joining the eu in the future '' * , sometimes * `` maghreb is not europe '' * , what gives ? 
  yeah , the whole fancy double language is cool and stuff but it interferes with readability , even if you speak both english and french . 
  these bulls do n't grow up between bars in enclosed in farms , they are not sacrificed at the age of 1 for meat production . 
  they are allowed to roam free in vast properties in the spanish countryside , they are well fed and allowed to live well into adulthood . 
  they are taken good care of by their owners , who always try to make sure people respect them in festivities . 
  there is always that drunk asshole that will fuck with the bull , but to suggest it 's animal abuse and deserves a death penalty shows that you either are a narcissistic prick with a false , enlarged sense of moral righteousness , or an ignorant dutch person talking out of your ass . 
  so either get off your high horse , or do n't talk when you 're clueless . 
  haha it 's so funny when people die amirite guys, 
  there are more dwellings in spain than there are people , still not happening . 
  more like let 's worry about the actual intolerance happening in europe . 
  you do n't realize there are over 40 million muslims living in europe , do you ? 
   that is : `` it looks like the perfect time to go de ca\u00f1as ! '', 
  please do n't , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sluvumq0q4g ) is what it looks like when you mix languages . 
  cool . 
  now ask muslims what they think of infidels and gays . 
  yeah , it 's a match made in heaven . 
  hopefully , a couple centuries from now , the world will be nothing but robots harvesting crops and no humans to eat them . 
  so much fun !, 
  pointing this out got me banned from/r/europe not long ago ( hence why i only post here with this account ) . 
  it 's nice to see your ideas being backed by an academic . 
  well , actually no , it 's terrifying in this case . 
  well thank god america dropped by and found the * real * reason why immigrants do n't stay in southern europe . 
  call things by their name . 
  to imply that nationalism leads to xenophobia is very disingenuous . 
  how 's nationalism scary ? 
  * oh no , these people like their country !, 
  round 2, 
  this . 
  well the women are already pretty whory when they come to spain , if you do n't mind me saying . 
  yeah because the clubs that play in the cl are not geographically located in the europe area . 
  yeah i know he was * quoting , but i would expect a catalan citizen with privileged knowledge about the city of barcelona to make the little change , it 's a nice gesture and there is no way on earth it would be sufficient to grant a deletion . 
  that 's when they tell you we need immigrants to keep our birthrates up . 
  nevermind demographic control measures , just pour boatloads of uneducated immigrants on europe , that 'll do the trick . 
  i do n't like to be that guy , but you should change the title to `` fc barcelona crowned ... '' .
