  / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  come join us !, 
  well , pretty fucked , they wo n't get on with each other , well , two do , but they do n't get on with the other two . 
  meanwhile the only one that stands a hope of organising a rescue , would n't , and the other three would try , but ca n't organise a piss up in a brewery . 
  that or part of a potential battle cruiser line . 
  yeah !, 
  the show developed kellerman as a reasonable man to work under , who felt threatened by huth . 
  however the cracks appear in that facade during and at the end of ep 4 where he `` helps '' archer free harry and then twists it at the end with the release papers to pin it on archer and reveal huth 's cases and plan , there by undermining him, 
  yep . 
  this feels like a really nit-picky thing to notice , but it bugs me . 
  not to mention [ old world radio boston ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/9048/ ? ), 
  which adds a load of stations , with a range of era specific songs !, 
  well personally , if you use nmm and maintain reasonable load order and check compatability , mods for fallout 4 are good  ( imo they make fo4 playable ), 
  i 've only resumed playing because of sim settlements . 
  man , this is how i wished settlements worked . 
  i think the problem is , most people in surrey are stuck with swt on busy commuter services in and out of london , which usually goes to pot whenever something goes wrong ( often not swt 's fault ) because there are so many trains running that there is no flexibility to react to a problem . 
  i personally like you found they were a good operator with friendly and helpful staff . 
  and i used them periodically visiting family in dorset or coming home from portsmouth because they are * far * more reliable than southern . 
  with a username like that i see no reason to stop you !, 
  question !, 
  why does it apply to certain modes of transport ? 
  like on a train or a boat , i can read fine , yet in a car or on a bus i find it gives me really bad motion sickness ? 
  ( i 've not been on a plane so do n't know ), 
  just , i 'm into steampunk , and have always felt and acted a bit like a posh british gentleman , and so i shared a connection , not to mention all my friends prompted me into it for that reason . 
  although jack makes for an exceptional antagonist . 
  and having played bl 1 , i felt alot of numbing rage from angel 's storyline , bloodwing and mordecai 's pain , and roland 's demise , as he was my go to character in bl 1 . 
  this ai n't no place for no hero . 
  we are for that !, 
  and i 'm personally for the rest may as my birthday 's in may and star wars day is in may . 
  as for the pm , she can fuck right off . 
  no , the worst ones are , but most were either ill-informed , or opposed to the change in the eu from the eec , and unwilling to listen to a young person 's viewpoint . 
  e : eec not ecc - . -, 
  ... is exactly what westminster seem to be doing , which does n't endear scotland to stay . 
  blueprints . 
  scotland . 
  firth of tay, 
  and the greens . 
  edit : seriously , stop believing the media , they are not a 1 policy party . 
  he seemed respectable , until he publicly announced that he support trump 's unsanctioned airstrike & missle strike against syria . 
  because , y' know dropping bombs fucking helps . 
  i mean , he does supply some sensible reasoning , but personally i 'm opposed to unsanctioned airstrikes as they avoid the point that we need to talk to assad not bomb him . 
  pass on that , although i suspect thorny relations between the west and russia , with the close tie between syria and russia is the principle reason . 
  liking the mutton chops !, 
  be a ground breaker !, 
  bring them back into fashion, 
  edit : expanded walkthrough : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac9070oimug, 
  and much better than a catapult too !, 
  did you remember to ask for his thieves guild membership ? 
  as he may not be a member especially if you had paid your fees . 
  that or sneak ranks  anyways , dogbot can take it xd, 
  also mods :, 
  [ shadow ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/2518/ ? ), 
  [ k9 harness ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/17686/ ? ), 
  [ companion framework ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/11829/ ? ), 
  yep !, 
  i 'm british and the pound has gone down the shitter , yet i do n't feel a great deal poorer . 
  it 's not like they ca n't . 
  they do that with carriers in warships . 
  which can be countered in the same way as carriers are in warships . 
  this guy understands the remnants of the british empire . 
  and with relatively close crusier support so they can rail any dds who get too close . 
  there 's nothing worse in a bb than saying , `` fine , i 'll push this cap '' to then have your teammates cower behind the islands behind you and offer no real support . 
  this is why i only really play when in a division because we stick together . 
  and also you can usually discredit a biased source on poorly referenced articles . 
  his friend is the unsuspecting mvp though , as he a ) apologises , the decent thing to do , and b ) made the light buld turn on . 
  building my own mansion , in an edwardian style , out in the countryside with large grounds , and a river/moat encircling the house . 
  at the entrance a small remote railway station and engine shed . 
  the driveway leads up across the river to a courtyard . 
  the courtyard is through a gate , on the left and right of it are 3 or 4 garages at ground level with the mansions wings above them . 
  the centre of the courtyard is a fountain with the drive circling around it . 
  the front door is up some steps to a grand pillared porch , inside the front door is a 3 story hallway with grand staircases on both sides . 
  straight ahead is a grand ballroom / dining hall with galleries on either side . 
  elsewhere in the mansion is hazy , although i have the master suite , and in the wings are about a dozen of smaller suites , which are reserved for family , friends and guests . 
  the suites all have a kitchen/lounge , bedroom & bathroom . 
  in one of the garages i 'll have a restored e type jag , and a preserved yellow and black austin 7 . 
  and some comfortable day to day car . 
  near the station i 'll have a small coal yard and work yard , with either a traction engine or steamroller . 
  and a siding for my own j15 steam engine . 
  edit : the grounds have a selection of other features , like an orchard , a flower garden , a garden maze , and a pasture with a stable and a few horses , including a pair of shire horses . 
  please take the / s away , we are not in america - . -, 
  correction : rich important people hired samurai , poor people who could not afford to hire samurai did not hire samurai . 
  about fucking time :d :d :d :d :d :d :d, 
  good job wg , loads of rn boners will be satisfied now . 
  this guy wants to watch the world burn ;d, 
  yeah but you do n't have to read the comments . 
  do n't laugh at dead babies then . 
  canterbury and portsmouth south . 
  perfect example of it . 
  good timing too !, 
  soon they 'll be replaced by robots . 
  the flynn chap leading this debate quoted & invoked orwell against trump . 
  that 's quite the insult . 
  i 'm a builder and i do n't take sugar ... maybe we should swap roles ? 
  god yeah , that woman absolutely adores him . 
  fo3 : i honestly felt disheartened with the post purifier wasteland , so remain adamant my character died providing water to the capital wasteland . 
  nv : the courier lived a long life out on nellis with cass and the boomers after leaving the mojave in an absolute state with the legion and ncr in tatters and vegas just left to run itself into the ground . 
  fo4 : after destroying the institute a fragile peace was brokered between the minutemen and the brotherhood until the sole survivor dies in the inevitable breakdown of peace . 
  steam train on viaduct . 
  although that 's about as dodgy as the rain physics , it 's a hall , but the tender looks wrong , and the smoke seems wrong with the slow speed of the train and the weather . 
  welp , that 's enough internet for me .
