  with you 're deep pockets , i presume ? 
  i like this idea . 
  especially if you joined it with a higher settlement limit , and settler limit . 
  barracks : improves ability of minutemen 5 + settlers, 
  workshop : makes weapon improvements . 
  ( or with a vehicle mod : vehicles ) 10-15 settlers, 
  mill : allows for corn derived products , like bread and cakes : ~ 5 settles, 
  butchers : meat derived products !, 
  ~ 5 settlers, 
  library : research and learning , increases int and makes settlers more useful : 5-20 settlers, 
  carpenters/bricklayers/tilers / thatchers : allows for different settlement walls , roofs and floors !, 
  10-20 settlers, 
  coopers : allows for more usable containers like barrels and stuff 5-10 settlers, 
  brewery : make all the alcohol !, 
  15 settlers . 
  may increase happiness, 
  theatre : settlers create and perform their own plays , shows in the evenings 5/10 caps , increases happiness . 
  5-10 settlers ? 
  church : allows people a place to worship/pray/etc . 
  1 settler , increases happiness, 
  gallery : similar to theatre , but makes art . 
  art can then be traded . 
  5-10 settlers, 
  edit 1 : formatting and more ideas, 
  edit 2 : even more ideas, 
  i did a search before posting , but i 've yet to read anyone have a similar experience , or have i yet to replicate the experience . 
  it just seemed totally random , there i was fighting these raiders , and then they stop to talk to nick , and then just let us go . 
  oh i can second that . 
  in pretty much every settlement someone will come up and talk to him about something he helped them with . 
  plus he 's just totally cool, 
  still not as immersive as his other mod : [ pew lasers . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zscpnc5da5s ), 
  maybe you should post it on reddit like op has , and then we can all ( dis ) agree with your wife . 
  also remember the puns . 
  i 've just seen this on facebook , came to post it here , and saw it already up for 11 hours . 
  i ought to check reddit more frequently, 
  i feel you . 
  kellogg 's pistol fully modded is nice . 
  i got eddie 's peace [ from completing valentine 's mission , ] ( / spoiler ) but i prefer kellogg 's, 
  edit : also .38 becomes the standard ammo i give to my settlers and provisioners - they get a .38 reciever combat rifle . 
  i ai n't wasting my .45 rounds on them . 
  overseer 's guardian needs it . 
  it 's worth it to find curie . 
  holy shit , you 've managed a passable emma watson . 
  * tips hat *, 
  thank you sir . 
  but i 'm certain i 've had some settler 's run out ? 
  or do they occasionally turn up with 0 bullets for their pipe pistol ? 
  yeah but i really would n't want to give my provisioners fatmans or missile launchers . 
  giving them to companions has made inspirational a must have perk . 
  60 for the droid . 
  i have this problem to . 
  hopefully this will improve your day !, 
  bb-8 gives you a flame up !, 
  i 've only had a couple spawn without , it just made me wary, 
  i found that practically minutes after posting this on here . 
  i posted this , and then when i came back to this sub 2 minutes later , that had been posted . 
  his home town 's news covered him . 
  yup . 
  iirc that might be a quote from a book that 's about to be republished that has stirred some controversy in germany / s, 
  it 's funny and all , but it 's a problem because until the next election he 's our world leader : / so maybe r/britishproblemssuccess is more appropriate ? 
  yup , just avoid concord , and head straight for diamond city . 
  or cambridge , if you want danse 's cool laser rifle , and plenty of fusion cells to go with it . 
  ahh another person who uses the canadian tank ~ roundel ~ insignia . 
  i felt i was the only one . 
  edit i stand corrected . 
  the canadian tank insignia is a hollow triangle , and you can see the tip of it on the centre of his side skirts , presumably the bottom covered in sand . 
  edit : was corrected, 
  oh , thanks for the information , i shall change that right away, 
  deacon is pretty cool . 
  when i sided with the institute i basically played all of the railroad missions up to red rockets glare , which is a fantastic mission for the commentary between tinker tom and deacon . 
  or any ending , i 'm pretty sure he say 's it in the either the first or second conversation you have with him . 
  it was only a matter of time . 
  yeah , i should have realised , i was reading a thread posted earlier today and it was linked to this thread , and when i was reading the comments here , and i immediately wanted to amend the information here . 
  my bad xd, 
  they 've problem pulled the article . 
  especially if what some of the other posters in this thread have mentioned is true, 
  this . 
  double player atomic command/zeta invaders . 
  maybe even grognak and the ruby ruins too !, 
  pvp pipfall could be something akin to smash bros ? 
  not sure how you 'd you red menace . 
  just a thought . 
  think of all those std 's you 've avoided . 
  if you 're playing it online it has to be with friends , and with voice chat . 
  why only 90 % ? 
  i stand corrected , my apologies sir . 
  i shall now take my outdated privilege and dump it back in the falklands war . 
  i agree , purely because the radio ought to have been playing bowie more often , not just because he 's passed away : /, 
  all the way . 
  he 's intelligent , funny , and a savior . 
  oh and gatling-laser ftw . 
  the colours remind me more of [ drinking buddy ] ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/buddy ) than just a standard protectron . 
  e : which i should add is far more appealing !, 
  good . 
  they killed it . 
  they comprehensively ruined the creme egg . 
  i 'd imagine tar tastes better than the new recipe , and that 's carcinogenic . 
  an asside to this , manchester has more people than birmingham !? 
  i thought it was the other way around !,
