  although the chinese one is better . 
  yes !, 
  :d :d shame the birch and bishop are total turds, 
  this is a problem for which most of the media needs to change , unfortunately at the moment it 's changing more in favour of sensationalising the bad for the sake of getting people to pay them . 
  or just cut signalling cables . 
  no trains running , the tube shuts down . 
  that or cause a strike . 
  this comment gets funnier everytime i look back at it . 
  twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pidgeys under the sky . 
  twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pidgeys . 
  take one down , pass it around , twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and seventy six pidgeys under the sky !, 
  woah , what set are the carriages from ? 
  or in they are custom made , if so , could you share the details ? 
  they look swish . 
  same question here , if you are still accepting : thelemonaitor . 
  just got a new phone so can now run snapchat . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks . 
  curie is bae . 
  this is my only visual flaw with this system , there is no recess for if you started crossing but had n't finished . 
  ttd was one of the first games i ever played , and it 's older than i am . 
  factorio ? 
  fair enough , 
  that one for monstrous regiment :d, 
  yes , that is what i have named my ship . 
  i was going to get a dragon when nahr released the fox , and noticed that the fox just feels more lucrative , so switched , but i will get a dragon in time . 
  especially having seen how good your 's looks . 
  [ missing commentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h07zyvknyl8 ), 
  no matter how many guides i follow and how many times i 've set up oil now i still make a pigs ear of it . 
  yes , fallout nv out classes 3 and 4 by a long shot . 
  you sir are glorious . 
  nonono kv-2 has best gun handling , no need to aim !, 
  every time i aim a shot in the kv-2 it seems to go wide but when i snapshot it just goes where it needs to  . <, 
  hopefully nuclear weapons . 
  yes , let 's retain the power to obliterate our planet , because , y' know it 's a good idea . 
  either that or the world becomes like fallout . 
  i had to do a double take to check this was n't r/anormaldayinrussia, 
  this is just the kind of thing i expect to see there . 
  edit = see many thinks . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  i 'll just assume the position . 
  we still have these couplings in the uk and this is in no way how it should be done . 
  i second this . 
  thanks for this psa . 
  i 've recently seen a similar occurance posted on r/pcmasterrace , except that was with a graphics card , so you really want to be watching out for this . 
  ^ ^ this guy 's on the money . 
  yep . 
  we 'll all end up in you by april . 
  i agree with autumn . 
  he seems quite split , plus he 's obviously a good leader as in raven rock all the enclave soldiers listen to him not eden . 
  damnit , i was just about to come and inb4 that there will be a / r/britishproblems post for lack of salt packet . 
  i liked the caledon :d, 
  where can i get one ? 
  this . 
  just pure and simply this . 
  it 's imo one of the best mods currently available . 
  there was one of these to do with nigel farage a couple of years back , because he 's just as big of a charismatic tit as trump is ,, 
  that 'd be the one , i knew it was something similar just could n't recall it . 
  even on bbc it 's unavoidable . 
  bbc essex ( radio ) was talking about it for heavens sake !, 
  it 's supposed to be local radio !!, 
  that 's a reasonable idea . 
  you can also get this on android through the google store !, 
  it 's up to 7 dead now . 
  or rotten end, 
  there 's oil in the game !?!? 
  i got to trains and then suddenly started playing transport tycoon ... 
  oh you see , i 'm not sure of any of the stuff after trains , because i got to trains and then decided i would just build railways everywhere, 
  i agree , they should do something about the blue line hugging , it 's a bit of a piss take . 
  ocean depends entirely on good teamwork , which does n't happen because of wg player base . 
  oooh this too !, 
  i 've only had it once and i was peeved off massively . 
  without seeing it i ca n't help you . 
  however asking me to help will just result in you getting a double track mainline to everywhere . 
  definately go spoons . 
  - recently a student . 
  it was by her , she was cameron 's home secretary and has been pushing for this since pretty much 2010 , hence why clegg & the lib dems spent 5 years trying to block it . 
  aww no !, 
  what a tradegy !, 
  also , granny annies ?? 
  one of my colleagues said after trump 's election that uk-us relations would improve if he just grabbed her . 
  unfortunately yes , that was the implication . 
  oh , must be a your area thing , as i 've not heard of them . 
  man , i would love to see the prydwen go to new vegas . 
  new vegas sequel , 20 years after nv the strip survives , the legion is in disarray because ceasar is dead ( face it , he 's old and dying ) . 
  the ncr is trying to take/hold mojave , different pres etc. 
  bos west still hiding . 
  boomers still blowing shit up . 
  with bos east coming back to whip west into shape . 
  ^ ^ this is exactly the problem , she was the best for the job , not because she 's the best for the country , but because she was the best of the options . 
  heck , it 's almost a shame bojo did n't run for it because then they 'd complete the image of post-brexit britain . 
  i 've also just realised i 'm in a different sub to the one i thought i was in !, 
  i thought i was in r/fallout xd, 
  can comfirm , middle brother gets best of both worlds : i am good at building and at fighting . 
  holy shit !, 
  i had n't realised they 'd shut that down after he got killed !, 
  yup , to go with the other things this world has become post of this year . 
  huh . 
  i thought i was in / r/worldnews not / r/factorio, 
  no kongo , i 'm afraid,
