sent a message , 
  is the picture necessary ? 
  or would a reasonable description suffice ? 
  you sir , are a genius . 
  ^ ^ i agree with how this guy feels . 
  yeah , i 'm just going to occupy myself with other stuff , i always have work i 'm putting off, 
  like everything , there 's two sides to a coin, 
  good luck replying to everyone :p, 
  not really ... 
  hmm yeah , it 's just annoying because it 's happened as i 'm attempting to lie down in bed to go ot sleep . 
  i suppose so , but it feels like it 's a painful thought that has now got guilt layered on top because i feel guilty for even considering it . 
  thank you , that has sort of lessened the blow as from their discussion , i can sort of slip out of this one mindset i may fallen into after thinking it . 
  okay , actually now that i 'm looking at it in retrospect , yeah you 're probably right . 
  so thank you  it 's helping to lessen the thought, 
  although hold that notion . 
  now that someone else has given detail to what you 've said , yeah you 're probably right , and hence i 'm now less anxious . 
  thank you , 
  sent a pm , 
  yes . 
  that image of putin holding a tea cup , he has style . 
  plus natalia is definitely the cutest woman i have seen ... 
  it 's been deleted . 
  it was fake :'(, 
  y ` see that thought crossed my mind , however i suppressed it because on every occasion i 've taken tea with a group of people , which a fair number of occasions . 
  i appear to be the only person who does extend their pinky while drinking tea . 
  which character in got would you have liked to have been ? 
  also , have you/are you reading the books ? 
  just wow . 
  this is a superb idea , i 've upvoted for good luck , and if i did n't have an assortment of limiting factors , i 'd happily participate in the excitement and feeling this would take . 
  so alas , a later date perhaps ? 
  this is a harsh question , however , after removing rapists , pedophiles , terrorists , politicians and murderers . 
  the rest would then be the proportion with the least intelligence , knowledge , iq and self support . 
  with exceptions to the young as i do n't think anyone under 15 could be properly evaluated . 
  i beg to differ sir !, 
  kill the 99 % of essex that is unintelligent , the is a minority within essex that is actually far more intelligent than the rest of the country . 
  however it is a small minority , and they have to struggle with a greatly harsher environment than most other sentient humans . 
  i adore this . 
  when i think of a steampunk universe i 'd like to live in , this is the closest representation i 've seen yet . 
  the latter . 
  thank you, 
  thank you, 
  thank you, 
  the one she was in was closed to the public , so yes it was . 
  there were several men in suits on the first class carriage , presumably bodyguards ? 
  i spoke to my dad about it and he commented ( as a joke i think ) that if i 'd tried to get on their i would have been stopped and potentially shot . 
  although they were on a train coming into portsmouth whereas i was on one going away from . 
  i have no idea , she was n't reading anything at the time i was looking , and i did n't have a clear view of the table . 
  nonono , do n't scrap hs2 , that 's about the only good thing to come out of this coalition . 
  i agree that there is probably better ways to run such a project , but large portions of the media do tend to slate it and blow figures out of proportion : /, 
  pointing the finger as to where the problem lies is a bad point . 
  to start i think it 's wrong to blame the engineers , as they are probably doing the best they can by circumstance . 
  the time and money problems probably stem from lawyers , politicians and land owners . 
  theoretically politicians should have the power to kick such a project along and probably for a lower price if they did n't dither about it . 
  edit : i am currently studying to be a civil engineer so my opinion on engineers is currently biased . 
  1 whole-heartedly 100 % urge every sane human to vote a sensible party like the greens , labour or lib dem , as every vote for one them lowers the stand of every vote cast by a kretin in support or one of the stupid parties . 
  and a message to everyone voting ukip , tory or bnp i seriously urge you to go and do more research into your parties , because if you really xonsider voting racist , homophobic and generally bigoted parties , you should reconsider being part of society . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm ashamed by my generations lack of interest in the people who run the country . 
  but i 'm starting to encounter than the problem is rooted in several aspects , such as an education system that somewhat limits free thinking , and social circles that dismiss it as pointless , especially where the generation above us are also disenchanted with the system . 
  man , i feel sorry for you . 
  urge everyone you know to get out and vote sensibly . 
  the conservatives did the tuition fees , and then let the media blame it on the lib dems , because `` hey , free scrapegoat '' tbh the coalition should have been with labour . 
  but nevermind . 
  it 's a real shame , i despise being from essex as there are so many people who really let down the * few * intelligent beings that are from essex . 
  japan , it does n't matter that it looks poor , this is amazing . 
  man , i salute you for doing this !, 
  and the channel tunnel !, 
  you forgot that , 
  otherwise it 's a good and funny map to create :d, 
  excellent and well written post . 
  this has done a great length to establish points , that i * try * my utmost to follow , for other dpp ` ers to examine for their own benefit . 
  now i 'm off to go find a dictonary and/or a thesaurus to improve my own vocabulary . 
  usually the trains i 'm on are n't very busy , however when they are i just offer my seat to literally anyone who looks slightly dejected for not having a seat . 
  < edit  i usually travel off peak as i do n't use rail often, 
  blimey , i know how you feel . 
  it 's got all beautiful and sunny , meanwhile i 'm sniffling away with my hayfever . 
  it 's a drag because i want to be outside doing things . 
  exactly my thesis . 
  i would say yes , but then i realised he 'd probably get swamped by hate-mail ... 
  i think personal preference does affect this , as i enjoy reasonable length replies , however i know two way communication is critical . 
  so this can limit that because of a personal unwillingness to impose actions within the course of the conversation . 
  certainly i advocate attempting to send replies that are a reasonably close match in length to the post to which one is replying . 
  this is why i try to follow established boundaries where given , or agree on some within the first few messages . 
  finally , i 'll be able to make mixed dirt and gravel paths that look used !, 
  the thing is , i like gravel paths , but for a rustic look i 've always wanted them to look worn , rutted and well , used , so as to clearly differ them with roads , which would be 3 + wide roads . 
  now i can make them look proper by interspersing them with this new addition :d, 
  exactly . 
  the whole system is stopping us from looking up and realising : `` hey , those fat cats up there , that we elect , are being paid by us , and are supposed to have our interests in mind , do n't do anything that is in the majority of the public 's interests . 
  it 's one of the big contributors to people 's lack of faith in voting . 
  when the first ` great council ' was coined as a parliament , it was the lords and barons of our realm standing up to the king to address the issues of their vassals , in much the same way our electorate for our constituencies are supposed to support and address our issues to the parliament . 
  ( this is due to the shift from the monarch running the country to the parliament running the country ), 
  ~ ~ optimism ~ ~, 
  i know , but with support it 's entirely possible to turn heads . 
  it 's not just tfl . 
  the rail operater greater anglia have been recommending it since the sun came out two weeks ago . 
  surely you should have just gone , `` did n't get a free copy of the sun , so did n't have to handle and dispose of it '' and posted it on / r/britishsuccess, 
  the do turn the heating off , in the coldest part of winter . 
  it contained no bear breasts , and apparently no edition of the sun from this day forward will contain any . 
  that 's the only thing that 's supposed to be historic about it . 
  that was the whole point ...
