  in fairness , i do agree the railways are extortionately priced . 
  i 'm lucky to still be young enough to be eligible for a railcard that knocks a 3rd off the price . 
  blue cap = whole milk . 
  i approve . 
  * tips hat *, 
  i would say you 're probably donking your shots , i usually manage a number of relatively easy penetrations that take out at least 2 crew/module . 
  using standard ap, 
  i use a small duster really lightly , i find that is enough , 
  commuter looking out the window : `` well dangit , there goes my excuse for a day off . '', 
  indeed , this one caught my eye and thus i 'd like to see more . 
  however reverse image search pulled no results . 
  well yes , i found that on twitter and tumblr , however i was more looking for images containing the same person and outfit , but from different positions . 
  the content of the review clear shows he does actually like it . 
  so i think it 's rather quite amusing . 
  and i mean who really cares ? 
  it 's obviously a good game , so one guy making a cheap attention punt is no reason to get all of your knickers in a twist . 
  seriously guys , some people have strange senses of humour , it 's a quirk of all being individual , get over it . 
  tl : dr i think it 's funny , get over it all you stunk-in-the-muds, 
  and lose a massive market ? 
  they 'd have to absolutely mental to do something like that . 
  i am one of hundreds of thousands of people in europe who use steam and the number is still growing . 
  thank god i 'm not the only one feeling this . 
  oh i feel the same , however i find it depends on the wetherspoons . 
  i 've been to some that are rather quite good , and a couple that are just ; well not ... 
  also my regular wetherspoons does much better burgers than our su pub , at a very minor cost increase . 
  i second this . 
  i 'm studying civil engineering , and when my degree is over , i intend to build stuff like this . 
  having looked at that , i 'm now questioning whether it needs be that far into the water , they could have done it from land to land , and it 's demonstrated in another tunnel barely a kilometer east . 
  ahh , the ever popular swing bridge :d there is a load over in east anglia . 
  i 'm studying engineering and this is pretty much what i do in my spare time . 
  actually , logically that has merit to it . 
  yeah , i can imagine alot of truth in this . 
  the amount of drivers who just seem to immediately forget to drive on the left the moment they join a motorway . 
  it worries me because i 'm starting to see more people undertaking arseholes who sit in the middle lane doing between 55 and 60 . 
  this got worse for me as they also do n't care about you making a connection . 
  i was supposed to change at winchester , but my train got held up at eastleigh for 20 minutes , but it caused me to miss my connection and put me over an hour late for getting to my destination ( cross country always get held up a reading , i hope the work they do fixes that ) , but apparently did n't count because my delay with them was only `` 20 minutes '' . 
  actually , one of the reasons hs1 runs into st. pancreas is because some french politicians did n't like arriving into waterloo . 
  ( this could be totally false , but i heard it from a couple of train fanatics . 
  and i know there are other reasons for it going to st. pancreas ( space mostly ) ), 
  i think this would be better off in / r/britishsuccess, 
  i 'm in the same boat , we 've only had one issue since we started in september , and i emailed late in the evening and i was replied to within a hour , and an engineer came and sorted it the next day . 
  although in retrospect , going back to my family home was a struggle , dropping from 152mb with virgin to bt on 30mb , it was painful . 
  virgin media have been a godsend for me as a student , 9-month contract , excellent customer service , and the best internet speeds i found in this area . 
  but this kind of barrel does n't have oil in : o, 
  they might actually try to get something done about them if they were attacked by giant spiders . 
  shots fired . 
  i 'll keep an eye out for it , i almost got taken out by one of my way home from the station . 
  ( i 'm in portsmouth atm ), 
  it was only ever optional in our school , which led to us basically only undressing to our pants and generally only washing the body parts that were muddy . 
  also we did n't have a strict sports uniform , so i basically only wore tracksuit bottoms and rugby shirt . 
  why ball park ? 
  i can see two stadiums ... 
  unless i 'm missing yet another american re-naming : /, 
  now , can i see a railway , or am i seeing things ? 
  ( i 'm on about the two lines that god top-bottom on the right of the image , with part that going left into town . 
  and coming out on the left side of town ? ), 
  that 's not the response i 'd give . 
  it 's an interesting approach certainly , but then , it 's part of the world we live in , lots of companies will have systems like this to help them buff their revenue . 
  i know how it feels, 
  i 've walked across that :d, 
  lol what a loser . 
  on a serious note , i hope he was alright . 
  i was just about to say that, 
  i want to downvote because of rick-roll . 
  but i have upvoted because you did it well . 
  * tips hat *, 
  it is a good idea . 
  however , i think glass ( panes ) should break when hit by an arrow already , plus i think stone should be a bit more resiliant , maybe take 5 shots to show visible cracking , and then another 5 to break , with sandstone being weaker ( taking 3 + 3 ) and other materials stronger or weaker in relation . 
  they 're very good , but lacking in colour for my personal taste . 
   keep up the good work, 
  it certainly explains why almost every game of monopoly i have seen played have ended in disputes and disagreements :d, 
  i had realised as much , but the cobblestone and stone brick combination is n't to my personal taste . 
  if you head out to essex , it basically is . 
  ( i 'm just joking , the more north in essex you go the more like suffolk it becomes . 
  ( for south essex the statement is still true ) - proof , was born in essex :d ), 
  and probably parts of the norfolk coast too . 
  i would say southampton is still a bit meh , as for portsmouth , yeah nope . 
  oh no , i ca n't take offense , i bugged out of essex at the first possibly opportunity for many reasons , this and what the post described being some of them . 
  discuss with them if it could be moved elsewhere or made smaller , it 's very good . 
  i like female engi :3, 
  it 's bigger than those cars right next to it ... 
  yup , it 's going to be forth line from the queen sounding british . 
  i know how , it 's just my dad works on trains , so would tell me off . 
  plus he 's pretty damn cool so i 'm not going to argue with him . 
  edit :, 
  does n't work on a lot of the newer trains because the are properly fastened on, 
  i already liked them . 
  but you look excellent in one , 
  imma just save that . 
  normally i dislike a number of clarkson 's opinions , but i remember this , and i thoroughly agreed . 
  i would n't necessarily say that , i just think that posts like this become a hub for all the dislike people have for children . 
  albeit i have no praise for ill-brought up kids . 
  while at the time , i never understood why my parents were so keen on making my siblings and i behave , having now matured , i can safely say i very much do now . 
  normally , i 'd be very uncomfortable if an inebriated person sat next to me , but given your situation , i 'd probably be somewhat pleased that he provided a distraction . 
  or there is a good amount of anti-fascist activists whom oppose edl marches , if you 'd rather go for that ? 
   the first rule of winning money is tell nobody . 
  this is so true , one of the first bits of advice from my dad ( upon moving out ) was this . 
  ahh yes , i 've had my cat do that before . 
  but then my cat will also try to drink my tea ... 
  ^ ^ what this guys says .
