  the structure has the potential to fail . 
  unless you want to design all buildings against that . 
  then you can foot the bill . 
  unfortunately sexism rules in this context . 
  a high waist line on a man looks awful , but on a woman , it appears quite attractive . 
  with that username , i ca n't imagine he will . 
  well , now that i 've finished becoming the dominant power in the commonwealth , i think i 'll take curie back up as a companion . 
  i just could n't stand to hear her disdain at my actions against the railroad . 
  i was about to say this . 
  which i think is a great bit of irony , as it 's not a railroad item . 
  still , i 'm not complaining ; it 's one of the best armoured clothing sets i 've encountered thus far . 
  locomotive ( steam train , ftw ), 
  lemonade, 
  uhh , party on my train ? 
  anyone, 
  omg this, 
  but still only judge a little , this is the internet after all . 
  thank you . 
  i 've have just google 'd clarke 's laws and was pleased to have done so . 
  i think this needs to be outlined : in the space of the past 150-250 years , we have achieved more than had been imaginable over the previous thousands of years . 
  the industrial revolution . 
  seriously : in the space of the past 150-250 years , we have achieved more than had been imaginable over the previous thousands of years . 
  the ability to make things quickly and cheaply . 
  travel faster than any animal , fly , go to space , communicate in real time with the other side on the world , etc. 
  like the modern world would n't be possible without the industrial revolution , that 's why i think it 's the coolest thing we 've done . 
  i do the head tilt all the damn time . 
  yep . 
  the industrial revolution . 
  the only real revolution humanity has had . 
  surely this should be in / r/britishsuccess as it just proves how it , the mail , and trump are all nut-jobs , and by forming an allegiance with each other has proven the illegitimacy to all their comments ? 
  do n't mention the war . 
  there needs to be a way of appropriating another civ 's culture . 
  like the west trying to steal anime from japan . 
   ken 's would only ever be eaten when drunk, 
  ftfy, 
  alan binet is the emh ? 
  what ? 
  i worked out tuvok was playing captain kells pretty much as soon as i boarded the prdwyn , but that i did n't know . 
  i need to go talk to alan binet more . 
  i recognized the voice almost immediately . 
  on the prdwyn like : damn , tuvok has had a run of bad luck to be given this role . 
  edit : the one that caught me off guard was the fact the ( emh ) doctor is alan binet !, 
  which considered i 've sided with the institute shows me how woefully little i talked to that character . 
  that coat is pretty cool though . 
  and you can add railroad ballistic weave to it . 
  wait . 
  i spotted tuvok immediately . 
  but cade ? 
  i knew he sounded familiar !, 
  oh no , it 's still open but i 've only ever eaten it while drunk , i see it sober and shudder . 
  heh , it 's ironic because it looks like an a1 like tornado , and that got painted in blue at one point . 
  edit : correction [ tornado was a darker blue ] ( http://www.rail.co.uk/images/4131/original/7-didcot_tornado-in-blue-25-nov-2012_cliff-thomas.jpg ), 
  ~ ~ well , the a3s were a development of the a1 . ~ ~ i was just noting the irony of calling it hurricane while in blue as they painted tornado in blue at one point  and that to the novice eye the look similar . 
  edit : i stand corrected , thanks / u/pinkballoons, 
  and til lner class numbering was more confusing that i thought it was . 
  oh i know already , it 's a brilliant little railway !, 
  it 's a shame i 've not been down there for years . 
  thank god central london does n't have any level crossings , otherwise this 'd be a daily occurrence , as the cyclists in london are mental . 
  i just sell them : l i do n't make bottlecap mines , so after i 've pulled the good loot from them , i sell them, 
  although it will be a mod eventually . 
  spam e and f9 to get the best loot, 
  and actually , that is a good point , although i have loadsa caps already , so meh tbh . 
  no , but it does n't matter because i have loadsa caps : traders man , traders everywhere, 
  [ you may be in luck . ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/2857/ ? ), 
  that 's precisely why i know about it , but do n't use it . 
  i like complaining about shitty brotherhood pilots . 
  all the damn time . 
  yeah , it 's why i unsubscribed . 
  yeah , i think alan binet said this to me , and the only one who called my power armour obsolete was madison li . 
  but then i do n't give a fudge about her . 
  i like the look of the x-01 in institute paint . 
  i did n't like her much in 3 either . 
  i had this problem too ? 
  how do i stop it ? 
  this sounds like how you start a raider settlement . 
  that sucks . 
  the avre would be a good addition . 
  i thought so too . 
  it 's an interesting change from three dog . 
  ( i 've not played nv ), 
  you can leave your friends behind !, 
  hey , could i use this/mold this for a pathfinder rpg i plan to run ? 
  thank you greatly, 
  when he dropped that bomb . 
  this !, 
  i really did know she reminded me of someone !, 
  in fairness , i had the reverse of this while with cait : where the lamp on the mining helmet was n't visible . 
  still worked though . 
  did n't take a screenshot at the time, 
  yeah , there 's one up near lake quannapowitt , that has 3 an emergency radio , which lead to mass fusion disposal shed . 
  greenbriar , which led to a bunker east of the tower , and maritime , which lead to a boat east of the tower . 
  ehh , i 've started playing around with mods , so i 'm running round in black military fatigues , white combat armour , and a white yellow flight helmet . 
  i look like a poor man 's storm trooper cos play . 
  it was . 
  it 's just all so shiny !, 
  y ` see i was adamant about that . 
  and then i got into the institute , and well , i began to see differently . 
  yeah , but after the first trap you spring , you wise up , and just disarm all the traps , making easy resource collection . 
  anything goes !, 
  i was n't a fan of the shape , although i 've looked at the mod , and might do it for the dr/er,
