  and refineries too !, 
  yup !, 
  that 's how my name is on that list . 
  and it appeared in a friend of mines game too . 
  and this subreddit . 
  in addition to an abhorrent and destructive raid on an imperial archive !, 
  archives forming part of the bedrock of any developed and forward thinking society !, 
  * looks at personal list of settlement mods *, 
  i agree with you on that . 
  depends on time and location , execution varied on what was seen as popular vs aristrocratic . 
  ahhh the home office , just the body i 'd expect to start a commitee on the best way to hang a person . 
  beautiful . 
  but still not going to get me into warthunder ships . 
  i like my arcade battleships tyvm xd, 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  if you ignore the comments to gendry , or clegane . 
  this ^ i hate to mention it as it can be seen as an ethically sketchy subject , but over population has become a big issue , and we need to tackle it if we are going to sort out all of our other problems . 
  i feel you . 
  i remember first playing ep4 , getting to the end , it 's 1am , and then spamming texts at my friend ( who introduced me to lis ) at how traumatised i felt . 
  i then proceeded to play through ep5 , get to then end and just wanted to throw my keyboard out the window at how frustrating having to make the choice is . 
  i got less than an hours sleep before work . 
  i tell people this as advice , but i struggle to follow it myself ... 
  this ... fuck . 
  oooh yes, 
  i ran 1/1/1 all through the ranger and thoroughly enjoyed it . 
  with the exception of fighting a saipan . 
  i would have engaging games against well played hiyru 's , but could still seize the day . 
  oooh !, 
  oooh !, 
  i think i know this one . 
  cups are generally smaller , finer , and frequently come in saucers . 
  whereas mugs are cylindrical , usually taller and tougher , and not for saucers . 
  and to think in cambridge there are urinals you can pay 20p for ... 
  right , i 've just had a thought where i 've thought of something that feels intrinsically bad , and now it 's stuck in my head and it 's now worrying me because i feel wrong for ever thinking it . 
  also now that i 've thought of it , i ca n't stop thinking of it and feeling bad . 
  what is it ? 
  and what should i do ? 
  edit -, 
  disclaimer , it 's nothing law breaking , it 's just a thought that 's making me feel morally bad . 
  edit .2 -, 
  thank you guys , i think you 've covered the feeling i had , so now looking at it in retrospect , i 'm able to sleep easy , 
  i 'm 18 , and on the look out for a well written and long term writing companion , who can take this story far with me . 
  for the scene . 
  we 're both on this long distance train journey , something cross continental , and we 've bumped into each other a number of times , i 'm 6ft , slim and with dark blond hair . 
  on our 5th encounter , i stop you and ask you if you 'd like to chat over a meal sometime . 
  now describe yourself . 
  also for limits , no blood or scat . 
  other then that , i 'm open , and if i feel uncomfortable , i 'll say . 
  there are two requirements to this rp , i would like you to be interesting , and i would like this to be as unusual but within reason . 
  i have 3 different scenarios in mind ; i 'm willing to hear your spin on any of them :, 
  1 ) an abstract futuristic world , we could be anything in a future , whether it be a future earth , another planet , or exploring space , our imaginations are the only limit . 
  2 ) a historical or fantasy setting , i 'm happy for this to be anywhere on the pecking chain , we could be serfs on a mission ; lords with big ambitions or a desire to see something different ; an adventure full or mythical creatures and magic . 
  please surprise me , 
  or ( and this is my favourite ) 3 ) a steampunk fantasy world , or a historically based growing into an industrial world . 
  we could be invemtors showing our ideas to the world , or industrialists with big ideas to make the world more efficient and connected . 
  paramount to any response is an interesting spin , i want to hear your ideas please :3, 
  strange question , but if she does , i think i may have just seen the queen . 
  the reason for this post , is because i just boarded a train at portsmouth and southsea station . 
  however , as i was boarding this train , one coming in from the other direction was announced to be 5 , but with only the front 4 in service . 
  so upon boarding my train , i looked to see the carriage that was out of service , and saw it to be largely empty , bar a few people , one of whom had a striking resebalance in attire and face to the queen , i would have taken a picture , but a ) i felt it would have been bad ettiquette and b ) was someone aww struck to thing to do so at the time . 
  so thus i am posting this to inquire if i am going mad , or may possibly have been ring . 
  the train i believe the queen was on , was at portsmouth and southsea the 12.04 south west trains service to portsmouth harbour, 
  i 'm looking for an adequate writing companion who would like to partake in a fantasy/sci-fi/steampunk descriptive setting , with levels of smut , flriting and romance . 
  i 'm happy to welcome characters of your description , if not i can provide my own for you . 
  i have a few limits , and am willing to accept any you may or may not have . 
  i 've had a debate with a friend on mine about the diffierence between ( british ) standard gauge ( 4ft8 1/2 ) and ( british ) broad gauge ( 7ft ) . 
  and it brings to to the question of :, 
  what are the pro 's and con 's of broad gauge railways ? 
  where in portsmouth and southsea is likely to sell a lego advent calender and is likely to still have some in stock ? 
  so yeah , i 've recently made the assertion to my parents that i 'm uninterested in having children , and while my mother has occasionally made comments about how she 'd like grandchildren , they both accepted it as cool move provided i am happy , and with the likelihood of either of my siblings having children seems also to be low , i am relieved that they are relaxed about it . 
  also my dad near enough applauded me for listing the numerous disadvantages of having children . 
  just thought i 'd post this as a cheerful note . 
  i 've been playing a bit of warthunder , and some of the fighter aircraft come with guns mounted behind the propellers . 
  this sparked the question as the planes in the game are based on real fighter aircraft , so thus , how do they not shoot their own propellers off ? 
  so i ordered a parcel , to be delivered today ( friday ) for sunday . 
  and i 've been in and awake all morning waiting for them to ring for this parcel . 
  the postman did n't , and instead posted the card and put the time as 13:10 . 
  it 's 11:20 . 
  so now my weekend is in dis-array because i 'm missing a piece of kit for sunday , and ca n't collect it tomorrow because it 's my birthday and i 'm going to visit my grandparents . 
  i 've finally got round to starting raising steam , even though i 'm big on trains . 
  and night three of reading it , i 'm reading it just before bed ( which is when i usually read . ), 
  but tonight , i 'm staying in a sleeping car at the preserved railway i volunteer at , ready for tomorrow when i will be firing/stoking our steam engine for the day . 
  which seemed fitting enough to share with reddit . 
  goodnight . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i was crossing the bridge between badtlf office and poseidon energy a few days back , and there were three raiders on it that began attacking me , however after taking one of them down , nick , who was my companion at the time , finally caught up , and the others stopped shooting to talk to nick . 
  said something like : `` hey , nicky !, 
  thanks for your help back when , how you keeping ? '', 
  to which nick replied , `` i 'm still doing great , it 's good to see you 've made something of yourself '' ( this may be wrong , i ca n't remember exactly , it was before christmas . 
  and then they let us proceed peacefully . 
  i was wondering whether this has happened to anyone else , and if so , did they get a recording/screenshot , i did n't and despite reloading a previous save , i 've yet to have it happen again . 
  it 's been striking me more frequently recently how many online , including a good number of non-british people , will only accept a news story to be true until the bbc have reported it / will cite bbc articles/interviews to support the point being forwarded , etc. 
  and it demonstrates how well the bbc manages to still be a relatively impartial and well informed news source . 
  okay i 've just seen this [ news article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-21859771.com ) on [ til ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4a1l4o/til_in_1913_hitler_stalin_trotsky_tito_and_freud/ ) and this idea jumped out at me . 
  looking to acquire about 200 ironwood , willing to pay 100-120pp for any ammount of it . 
  ign stevieboy158 , although message me here . 
  edit : i 'm a fool and ca n't spell my own username, 
  for a regulatory body , they 're pretty good at what they do . 
  great i got a perfect note size !,
