  u - return upon reaching end of line, 
  it was used to pass on the names of dead clacks operators , thus for them to be unforgotten . 
  it 's from going postal . 
  it 's code in the clacks for, 
  g - pass foward, 
  n - not logged, 
  u - return upon reaching end of line, 
  it was used to pass on the names of dead clacks operators , thus for them to be unforgotten . 
  it 's from going postal . 
  it 's code in the clacks for, 
  g - pass foward, 
  n - not logged, 
  u - return upon reaching end of line, 
  it was used to pass on the names of dead clacks operators , thus for them to be unforgotten . 
  i think there is some code circulating for that purpose . 
  but the gnu attribute is to give it a discworld feature , as inspired by going postal , because on the clacks the whole point of a gnu message was `` a man 's not dead while his name is still spoken '' . 
  nothing . 
  well , at least most of the world has it right . 
  i 'm from the uk and i 'd say the us without a doubt . 
  i know , it saddens me , but you ca n't educate the masses when they do n't want to be educated . 
  moving away from home to uni , and having to manage my own bills/food/washing / etc. . . 
  you have some terrible reading buddies . 
  pratchett would be the ** first ** fantasy author that i would recommend to others . 
  practise makes perfect . 
  also aa tend to carry a shit tonne of rounds , so , fire a shit tonne of rounds . 
  to again quote jingles : `` if you throw enough shit at the wall , some of it will stick '', 
  ^ ^ yeah what this guy says , i like the wirbelwind more than the ostwind for this reason . 
  also alter your fire based on where your shots seem to go in regards to the target aircraft . 
  if your trailing the aircraft , lead more , if your leading the aircraft , trail more , etc. 
  handheld ones , they were noisy , shit at their job , and everyone thought they were awesome when they were n't . 
  we usually get revenue protection officers ... 
  seems legit, 
  personally i think that tone of red suits you . 
  also i am led to think that it may well fad to a lighter red in time . 
  i have been on trains near or next people who do exactly as you describ , amd often i find it less annoying than people who play theirs loudly through headphones . 
  well , some people can just be assholes , i 'm a sympathiser because if it 's quiet , it 's not an issue . 
  it may also be affected by my british tendency to grumble quietly to bmyself than to outright complain . 
  also i think your username is cool . 
  nope , blue being the correct side . 
  i remember when that nearly got hit by a helicopter last year . 
  edit : or at least a bridge just along the line from there . 
  you mean t-34-85, 
  how many of them here live of government handouts ? 
  zero . 
  yeah !, 
  fight the system !, 
  i 'm guessing that she is protesting on the grounds of buss passes making it seem like older people need this assistance , so is presumably making a stand for her independence . 
  with regards to signalling , the driver of the class 59 would have to be authorised by the signalman to pass the signal at danger to get to the hst , and then it is probably simply a matter of connecting the break hoses and couplings and then propelling , with communcation with the hst driver whom would be looking out for approaching signals . 
  i 'm from the uk but this is based on extrapolation from how it might be done on the main line from how we may do it on a preserved railway . 
  i second this guy . 
  i joined the subreddit because i do n't fancy having children . 
  but some of the people there clearly just hate kids altogether and that frustrates me , especially as i 'm rather childish still at heart . 
  not surprised . 
  ehh , i know from frequenting it that the people on childfree fall into two catagories : those that do n't want to have kids ( or be pressured to ) and those who just blatently hate children altogether ( this bunch i dislike ) . 
  i regard myself as the first one as i do n't dislike children , i just do n't want to have them . 
  actually tipping waiters is a silly idea . 
  you americans should just consider paying a wage someone can live on ... 
  i like your analysis , i was however replying to the above 's comment . 
  also i 'm a brit . 
  we like to think we 're in the middle of the atlantic . 
  he 's also a splendid personality . 
  like handsome jack in borderlands 2 . 
  is that not just studying ? 
  yeah i got the joke , i was just ending it as it 's a pretty boring and straight-forward joke . 
  wow , that is just good . 
  instead you got to watch a j.law one xd, 
  or just steam as a rule ... especially those sales, 
  i had to do that . 
  i feel your pain . 
  i want to see that for a house :d, 
  how did you manage to get 97 population !, 
  as venice !!!, 
  my interpretation is that it was a derogatory term for a female along the same lines as slut or sket . 
  it 's the only context in which i 've heard it be used before . 
  this is actually a good story, 
  i like them all . 
  and am modestly pleased i was able to determine them all ( with the exception of jawa ) without looking at the names in the bottom right corner . 
  eating bacon ? 
  brighton is cool . 
  can i be on your crew manifest ? 
  i was in bateson last year , 13/14ay , it 's the lowest quality , but not awful . 
  alot of my friend were in james watson and liked it . 
  harry law seemed to have a lot of international students . 
  margret rule was ok . also steer clear of catered halls , the people i know that have and are in them do n't like the food . 
  trust hall in langstone is pleasant , but you have the 20 minute bus ride everyday . 
  overall , i 'd reccomend james watson , and the either trust or harry law . 
  avoid bateson , and potentially the catered halls . 
  also one of the guildhall ones would be better as a masters student . 
  actually legoland lets adults in without children , i know because we ( my universtiy lego society ) went and we 're all like 19/20 +, 
  it does say waste money . 
  man , do n't i know how annoying this is . 
  however i would say that you are probably preaching to the converted here . 
  i 'm voting green too !, 
  partly because my most awesome sixth form teacher is running for them and also because y' know ,, 
  1 ) it 's time for a change, 
  2 ) their policies are the most mindful for protecting the future of the planet . 
  and finally, 
  3 ) i 'm young and would prefer to have a planet to live on during my lifetime . 
  edit : missed a bit . 
  actually it seems to be more like the all the right wing voters are down voting the sensible and forward-thinking left voters,
