  the daily mail is just vile . 
  well no , because that 'd be ludicrious , but if you 're in a subreddit about the uk , is it that unexpected to know a bit about the uk ? 
  do n't forget the uk , france and most of the middle eastern countries that run off of black gold . 
  or not considering it 's been invaded . 
  i caught my toe on a door this morning . 
  apologised to it , so i can sympathise . 
  mhm , potentially have revenge and then renown as a more battlecrusiery line at 5/6, 
  or if you are a painter , or a mechanic , or any similar environment which comes into contact with oil and grease . 
  i had this exact same offer last night !, 
  and then checked the tech tree , by which point i had closed the special offer . 
  eh , no i think manual secondaries skill is actually good as it is , because it keeps your awareness up and it rewards a quick reaction to the secondary target changing priority or going out of range . 
  can confirm , this is the solution to your factorio woes . 
  all the live long day !, 
  ahhh !, 
  this pisses me off as the tesco ones were great to use before they put a silly bloody slot over it !, 
  ahh you made a fatal error , i always wait till it registers the small change before putting the note in . 
  oh the logo is their figures outlined in white with the main being the colours they each use . 
  you can tell because the blue one has matt 's curly hair, 
  next it needs a lego model of huddersfield station . 
  although the british government are full of people who fit that type of speaking . 
  and i suspect this is too soon after the war for california to form into a new republic . 
  and if they keep up what they are doing , they stand a good chance of doing it . 
  as a student , i 've come to realise that the lib dems probably did as much as they could to resist the student fees increase , especially as the tories are yet again looking to increase student fees . 
  plus the media were quite happy to lump them with the blame rather than the actual culprits . 
  and who says games ca n't be used for teaching . 
  i do n't know , i always found in my konig was usally 6/10 but the bayern however , 0/8 ftw . 
  and unfortunately trump could full well ignore the un just like the arab league against israel do . 
  [ wendover productions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/wendoverproductions ) , [ cgp grey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/cgpgrey ) , and [ kurzgesagt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/kurzgesagt ), 
  keep scrolling , because there certainly is, 
  and batman . 
  / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  idk , our media/police/society call pretty much any indoor growing of cannabis a factory . 
  source : a house two doors down from us burnt down and it was discovered to be a cannabis `` factory '', 
  yup , plus origin , and uplay , they just keep growing !, 
  and an assortment of non steam/origin/uplay games . 
  plus thanks to backwards compatability , i can still play loads of games of my pc !, 
  and those i ca n't i can run through an emulator . 
  ahh you 're talking about the old slam door units on southern !, 
  no , those are long gone . 
  the ones that still have these kind of doors are the old hsts and intercity trains with 2 +2 open seating . 
  they do the norwich - liverpool street trains . 
  look around on the platform , there should be signs that say , `` 4 car stop '' ( or 8 or 12 ) and that tells you where the front of the train will be . 
  generally most units will be ~ 20m long with doors 1/3rd and 2/3rds along it , ( at least that 's the case here ) so just estimate or pace that distance back to where you want to be , on the train , and add the 6.5 or 13m . 
  dihydrogen monoxide obviously . 
  100 % of people who drink dihydrogen monoxide die . 
  have you consumed any ? 
  if so it is only a matter of time . 
  / r/totallynotrobots, 
  that should abate it for a while . 
  although i 'm not a doctor , so you may die tomorrow or in 100 years . 
  i play that too !, 
  and i put it down to wg being lazy money grabbers . 
  and the cent 7/1 too now that i think about it . 
  i 'd still be on the teamspeak servers i frequent , just without the random nonsense to share that i got from reddit, 
  the only trains still using chain couplings in europe are either freight or old preserved stuff . 
  all passenger stock either uses buck-eyes ( british name for knuckle coupling ) or more modern automatic types that connect electrics too !, 
  is that through the website or in the same way you can get openttd on mobile ? 
  how have you only just learnt that ? 
  or if the belfast captain had any personal situation awareness he 'd have turned and not been deleted . 
  like seriously , if i am in my belfast , or any british cruiser , my mind set is : if i am spotted , i am about to be shot at , avoid being shot at . 
  i 'm better in my saipan and i am only up to the indy . 
  or to avoid the confusion of having a 1915 konigsburg immediately followed by the 1927 refit konigsburg, 
  this is glorious . 
  i will now go and listen to the musical version . 
  relevant username . 
  yes i want to invest, 
  haha !, 
  jokes on you , the world has used it time turner to go back to the 50s !, 
  start collecting those bottle caps, 
  my parties are the best parties . 
  well , if that 's what you 're into do n't let me tell you it 's wrong . 
  fellow u.k. server players , for me i started my physics speccing properly at level 14 with the gcse training program , however i would n't have been able to had i not been trained with basic science skill from level 7 . 
  i unfortunately followed and engineering tree at level 18 rather than a physcis one , so will be behind on the skill training needed for laser weapons when the patch does indeed come out . 
  that is a worryingly accurate synopsis . 
  yeah but private prisons are n't just restricted to the us , we have them here in the uk and they just seem to be in a bad state . 
  that 's because it 's not a trebuchet . 
  i 've not been alive long enough to properly judge , but some evidence suggests standards of living have risen and * most * of society has become more accepting . 
  however that 's offset by homelessness going up , the public services being decimated & sold off , the wealth gap has been increasing , political dissatisfaction is rising , the costs of living are going up , debt is getting bigger and the few exception to society becoming more accepting have got more vocal and some media outlets have been happily fueling thier hate by sowing distrust in the wrong places . 
  so , tldr ; imho yes the uk is going down the shitter , and i 'm worried i wo n't have enough money to bail when this house of cards collapses . 
  i agree , thats why i said :, 
   however that 's offset by homelessness going up , the public services being decimated & sold off , the wealth gap has been increasing , political dissatisfaction is rising , the costs of living are going up , debt is getting bigger and the few exception to society becoming more accepting have got more vocal and some media outlets have been happily fueling thier hate by sowing distrust in the wrong places . 
  and i fear it 's only going to get worse with * still * increasing national debt despite everything our government has cut to try to reduce it . 
  oh sorry for sounding harsh !, 
  i did think you might have done as that 's why i re-affirmed the second part of my comment . 
  i 'm mostly bothered by this topic as my main issue is a large portion of the older generations seem to ignore the problems because in their life time , things have improved , and it makes talking about these issues frustrating for me as it 's always `` oh you 're not old enough to understand how things have improved '' no matter how sound an argument i try to present . 
  scotland really puts england to shame , it just appears far more progressive than most of england . 
  i 've had quite a few , whereas we 've had big bags from tescos that have lasted years of very regular use . 
  i know : c unfortunately we need a better electoral system , because 63 % of people who voted did n't want the tories . 
  welp , can you call 36 % ( of people who voted ) the popular vote ? 
  at the end of the day people voted for a diverse range of parties , and labour , the snp and the tories could all do with being brought down a notch as they benefit from the current system . 
  if a better electoral system produces more ukip , green or lib dem mps , well then we start to get a more representative parliament , which is fairer in the long run . 
  e : of people who voted ; so that does n't account for people who are eligible to vote but do n't because of not being registered or , because of voter apathy , which might change if we had a fairer voting system . 
  i was disappointed how far i had to scroll down to find a sheep comment . 
  while the pun is good , it 's not got enough sheep to be wales . 
  it 's more , that a common joke here in the uk is that the welsh are quite fond of thier sheep . 
  [ relevant : countries we have n't invaded . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/9653497/british-have-invaded-nine-out-of-ten-countries-so-look-out-luxembourg.html ), 
  and it will all be butter . 
  viking legion , now that , that i would join . 
  what mod is this ?
