  bloody fgw cutting corners . 
  stickpage, 
  i used to play a good number of the games there , but then i started having money and so turned to steam . 
  in fairness i thought the austrian song was quite good in french . 
  and i do n't even understand french , i just liked the melody to the austrian song . 
  sure , let 's swap . 
  the bits not represented by that show . 
  and to be honest , the only people likely to roll tanks across europe is russia or us . 
  africa was n't really colonizable by europe until industrialization had kicked it , [ crash course has a good video on this . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/aljaltumrgo?t=201 ), 
  it also shows that we in europe screwed africa quite royally . 
  what . 
  d : my graduation cost # 75 overall and i thought that was bad ? 
  ahh great . 
  seems i 'll just have to wait for virgin media to fix their fuck up . 
  a few of the largest railways have paid roles , it 's how the maintain a regular service . 
  most smaller ones are largely volunteer though , 
  yep !, 
  tesco has some good bourbons back on the shelves , 
  my dad and grandmother like them , i do n't think they 're proper biscuits . 
  but the wellington is made out of wood ... 
  it 's like they 're expecting you to buy the premium ammo . 
  it 's not like it 's worth firing anything else in this . 
  everytime i watch this guy i just want to drop everything and go and live in a wood . 
  he even builds a pretty nifty kiln , with proper firebars, 
  found the robo-phobe . 
  / u/nikhilvoid i 'm here for you buddy . 
  oh , i 'm currently on the cheiftan and have been finding this happening to me alot , so thanks for the prior warning xd, 
  drat i was just about to come here to say that, 
  where can i buy this ? 
  i 'm in the market for about 1000 iron , is this ok ? 
  i 've dropped you a message, 
  ign : stevieboy158, 
  aye , it 's bad enough having to deal with pirates . 
  being at risk of aggression from verner and wc makes me scared to leave port . 
  hear hear !, 
  i 've encountered him recently !, 
  i remember listening to his tosh for all of about 2 minutes before blocking him . 
  excellent work !, 
  nice short piece , potentially what you could do , is review the ships suited to the interceptor role in each issue . 
  or something like that , 
  good piece of work, 
  the ironwood still available ? 
  ign stevieboy158, 
  yeah : / luckily for you you 're not hated by everything . 
  hate it . 
  i want it to end . 
  my business has stagnated because of it . 
  i 'm unable to leave port as i get hounded by wc+v erner ships . 
  as a merchant , i did not want this war , and as such i feel like part of a disguntled and trampled people , forced into unfortunate circumstances by a ruling class who cares not for us , but only for themselves . 
  another good edition . 
  trust me ; it is far worse for verdantine traders . 
  wc are nearly always on in superior numbers , and many make good use of the fact that our leaders started the war as an excuse to attack us without mercy . 
  potentially some larger set piece reviews , potentially do some review of stuff ? 
  just an idea, 
  i can understand that , personally , i think for being a priate you probably want to focus on joining crews and raiding ships in piracy vessels . 
  it 's a style of play that abhors me as i prefer trading . 
  as a more recent addition to the verdantine merchant class . 
  i too have felt the over-whelming problems caused by this change from peace into war , with many occasions in recent days where i have lost a ship , along with my cargo , time and money to very aggressive defence from verners and whitecrest crews alike . 
  however on the flip side there have been occasions where i have been able to trade in peace by sharing my disgruntled viewpoint against the problematic decisions made by texanactual . 
  and i feel that progressing in a direction that will remove him from that position of power and swiftly resolve this war would be in the best interests of the verdantine economy and population . 
  as such i wholeheartedly support any move by a larger group of verdantine merchants to motion in the removal of texanactual . 
  i only want to trade in peace :'(, 
  i know :p, 
  i too have had this experience , although my ratio is more like 1 in every 10 whom actually respects this position . 
  the other 9 show hostility and aggression . 
  i think that texanactual needs to bring this war to an immediate end , and make some concessions to us disgruntled verdantine merchants if he is going to remain in position . 
  ideally i would need to see him conduct more activities that benefit the merchant class in order to support him any further than this . 
  otherwise i feel other of the more disinfranchised merchant will push for this removal , a move that i somewhat support , but acknowledge will hamper verdantiums ongoing stability . 
  hear hear !, 
  this is a movement i can support . 
  will try this, 
  pirates hate everyone, 
  yup , if we fight back when they come to verdantium , we get slated for it . 
  sail close to fenwick : sink you without mercy . 
  i look forward to being part of this new faction, 
  hear hear !, 
  this is a solution that i support as a fellow verdantine merchant, 
  no nahr made this quick fix , it was very nessasary . 
  i know how damaged the nation is , and tis stand for our rights as people is necessary . 
  yeah but i have a couple of friend who take bi-planes into jet brs just to troll jet pilots . 
  fish should have had wc on it :p, 
  i have a verdantine one that now feels like a waste of loyalty coins, 
  those were the two reasons why i picked verd xd i liked the green flag and i like the name that reminded me of byzantium . 
  in fairness when i joined the only other option if i wanted to trade was whitecrest , which was a no-go , as i do n't like the flag , nor the name to be honest . 
  edit : i wanted to trade as the game has it in the name . 
  plus i see now piracy sucks unless you have the ships for it . 
  ehh , i can see the association , having done enough french and spanish to see that connection . 
  as a brit it 's ineffectual to me , and well as i said before , i feel the sound of verdantine to have the gravitas of saying byzantine does . 
  i can understand your opinion , and cool , may we both continue to do what suits our own prefence . 
  on plenty of occasions your men ( although not as many as your wc allies , despite defying their own conditions for war ) attacked innocent verdantines , and so i shall say to what they said to us . 
  `` it 's a war , civilian casualties happen , deal with it . '', 
  the only thing is , if there will be warhammers , perhaps there may be a move toward personal armour ? 
  sorry no , that does n't hold any sway buddy , as your ships were constantly ~ ~ harrassing ~ ~ sinking anyone trying to sail out of verdantium . 
  even un-armed ships . 
  so as such during the war , i and most other verdantine traders did n't get anywhere near wc . 
  wc ships were mercilessly blockading any trade leaving verdantium . 
  or lurking around perth/fenwick and attacking anyone who tried to trade out of verdantium . 
  i never attacked first , and even cited your king 's declaration of war conditions , as they were being ignored , to no avail . 
  so sorry , i just flatly disagree , if it had been as you said , it would have been within your right , but what was actually happening was far from it .
