  i prefer the term sour  but unfortunately i can not as i 'm not in the habbit of taking screenshots . 
  it does n't matter now , but thank you for attempting to address it , i will keep records of mis-doings going forward . 
  hmm , then i fear it 's just a concequence of my luck at which servers i end up on , a side effect of the popularity of the game . 
  this would be glorious , as they run from combat !, 
  so i would n't ever have to put up with it getting in the way !, 
  more ironclads ? 
  hmm this i could potentially get behind . 
  yeah , mine live in my warehouse now . 
  i got that vibe too . 
  this works, 
  yup . 
  not to mention all the other materials it gathers ; plenty to replace itself and provide excess . 
  i only use elm for them and they last 2 +1 / 2 loops carrying just the pick , a sabre and cape . 
  i put my bag down on the luggage rack on a london bus , apologised to the bus . 
  oh god , fishing from a ship is annoying, 
  really ? 
  i regularly find the port cannons broken when i need them, 
  hmm , fair enough , i just usually find the ones on verdantium to be some distance back from their supposed mounting points , thus difficult to reach or fire . 
  but then again , i 've not had to use them since the war ended , i 've found pirates tend not to camp . 
  imo it 's better than the latest fallout game . 
  if you were to consider playing it of couse, 
  lvl 9 mining as i only got about 6 saltpeter per silver pick , mining at freeport . 
  ^ ^ this , we 've got a labour mayor trying to fight a tory government for a better quality of life , which they 're going to try and obstruct at every turn , which will in turn cause the media to jump on the `` broken promises '' bandwagon in a smear campaign against khan , so he 's fucked either way ; relent and lose support , or fail to get anything done and lose support . 
  yup . 
  although i hold doors open for everyone . 
  the only time i 've had a problem is with a couple of friends with whom we will stand going `` after you '' at each other for a minute or two till i relent . 
  man , these vacumn hoses are a bitch . 
  at least with the squeeze i was able to get the coupling over in one . 
  ok , i 'll be around 6-8pm bst tomorrow, 
  that 's because i am a pratt and mis-spelled it . 
  stevieboy158 * i 'm on now , what is your ign ? 
  nice !, 
  atom cats and an issue of hot rodder in the pocket !, 
  my flair ? 
  what 's the oil tanker on the rear of the maersk train ? 
  also i 'm jealous of emerald night . 
  i 'll have to get my set out for some pictures . 
  i feel strange for having both oo bachmans/hornbys and lego trains . 
  i did something similar , except i used a standard flat train plate rather than a low mac style one . 
  and i would , except i recently moved and do n't really have the space to lay them all out . 
  also with a friend of mine we converted a passenger car out of the white recent passenger train into a buffet car . 
  it 's the unicorn we 're all chasing , 
  me too . 
  edit : hey , scotland !, 
  are you taking pro-remain and non-tory english refugees ? 
  for pirates 50-100 per hit ? 
  and everyone else 25ish ? 
  well no , i mean in ship combat , with parameters like ratio of ship levels and cannon sizes , to earn a small ammount of gold per hit , so even in a loss you can earn a small bit . 
  yeah , and it 's a balance against the addition cost for crates pirates have over traders , and so giving pirates more would encourage them to y' know , actually be pirates, 
  i better drink some more tea then . 
  my ancestors definately fought for my right to drink it . 
  no it 's not weird at all . 
  i 've had a few cracking games of ticket to ride against myself . 
  this is a book i would pay to own . 
  i might read it once or twice , but mainly have it because of that title on my bookshelf . 
  for me it 's tab, 
  ikr , these things feel basically obsolete . 
  i still use one of the rare occasions i draw in pencil , but i do so much on my computer/phone . 
  tradelands is one i play atm which * usually * has a really good community, 
  i assumed you were asking why this is front page , that said i have realised this post was posted ages ago . 
  i had that happen with a trunk full of furniture and a trailer box . 
  this in a nutshell is what puts me off playing this . 
  it gets scout matchmaking , although it 's rubbish at the task compared to the m5 or the luchs, 
  imo no , because doing the t1/m6 allows you to unlock the 90mm gun before the t29 , and so thus you wo n't have to sit there with a 76 that ca n't pen most of the things you are facing at stock . 
  i mean the m4 is a great tank and i 'd recommend getting it , but for the heavy line the t1 is good enough to hold it 's own , just avoid kv-2s . 
  also 2 extra tiers of heavy tank crew training . 
  this !, 
  no surprises there , it 's unfortunate you 've had to do it rather that mojang doing it : /, 
  ahh man , heliwars :d and lando 's h&s and pirates life were both glorious . 
  rats !, 
  beat me to it . 
  yep xd it reminds me of a video i watched a while back that was from a documentary comparing russian fighter jets to us ones , with for the russian , if it lands badly or has taken damage , they can patch it up and use it again soon after , but with the us jet it 's basically a write off . 
  well , [ i have this ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/12377/ ? ), 
  which offers a quite interesting a unique radio , plus a new companion . 
  although having checked the nexus , [ there 's dozens of others to choose from . 
  although some of them may have been ported to bethesda.net . 
  try firing a steam engine :d i 'm fairly certain i 'm still a few degrees warmer than i should be . 
  to be honest , my memory of yesterday have made me feel positively cool by comparison , so i can understand that comparison . 
  for a scot , i 'm surprised you do n't have more than enough to survive at least 3 days of this . 
  if not you are watching too much of the news . 
  edit : 4 hours sleep leads to typos . 
  i was already accounting for that . 
  [ this may help ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/15901/ ? ), 
  this has actually just changed how i view some longer youtube videos . 
  thank you . 
  i thought hancock would be in charge on the minutemen , i mean has the state house and the outfit . 
  which thinking about it would have been far more interesting than the turd the minutemen actually are . 
  [ there 's a mod for that ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/1145/ ? ), 
  sorry non-pc players . 
  white apparantly . 
  edit : i put the milk in last and whenever i 've seen someone put the milk in first their tea has come out far too white for my liking . 
  no , i remember years ago a local car dealership had one , do n't know if it still does . 
  those things are glorious . 
  these were glorious . 
  best thing for a place to have . 
  used to keep me occupied for ages, 
  [ do n't be sharkbait ] ( https://youtu.be/mizgfdi2a_0?t=47s ), 
  this is why i prefer playing civ 3 , you 'd just move over the mountain . 
  totally agree , i 've brought spgs for ( very ) slowly working through the missions because tds are just far less workable . 
  try playing the m5 stuart again , it 's surprising competitive now .
