  it 's an easier system to work with , and seals pretty much as well as the american system . 
  although you do have to put a bit of elbow grease into opening and closing it . 
  plus i think it makes our engines look prettier , albeit we have a lot of form over function things like that on british steam engines, 
  see : [ merchant navy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sr_merchant_navy_class ) , [ coronation scott ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coronation_scot ) , [ a4s ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lner_class_a4 ) and also a number of other features , such as , discrete superheaters , minimal display of moving parts above the running plate ( etc ), 
  edit typos, 
  while i 'd say that 's not entirely true , it actually kinda is . 
  i know this from volunteering at a preserved railway with a number of old drivers , and our lowest rank for steam footplate crew is called cleaner , because historically , this would have been the lowest ` apprentice ' rank on the railway . 
  hence the young 14-18 y/o 's would start off as cleaners , ensuring engines are looking in their prime , running errands for the shed manager , and eventually start learning how to light engines and being taken on under the fireman 's wing . 
  edit : also , look into british pathe , i believe they may have some stuff to your liking, 
  i 'm fairly certain there have been cases of this happening , albeit i 've only heard them in spoken anecdotes in order to get me to ensure i 've shut the smokebox tightly . 
  edit : also before shutting the smokebox we are told ( as cleaners at our preserved railway ) to brush away any ash from around the smokebox door after removing any ash deposited there . 
  with the sleepers or ties as you call them , they may well be rotten due to weather and being wooden . 
  also depends on age . 
  but that may be a contributer to the condition of the fishplates, 
  also that will ( through vibrations ) cause further damage . 
  i 'm not sure what safety measures you have in the us . 
  because i 've never seen anything like that in the uk , partly because we have this beast : [ network rail 's new measurement train ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_measurement_train ) for spotting stuff like that before it every becomes a considerable issue . 
  edit : formatting without sleep . 
  yay . 
  i would think there would be potential for it if the loading gauge is large enough . 
  however i think it 's down to two things : one being the size difference between the us and the uk , as you have a bigger need for covering large distances , so therefor speed has n't been a priority , whereas we 're quite small , so have been able to put more thought into good journey times . 
  the other being as railway construction occured , we were following victorian style ideals , which were for things to be prim and proper in appearance . 
  something that at the time i do n't believe was as of interest in the us because you were more interest in practicality and getting the job done , something that most of europe had too . 
  another feature is the main constraint we have in the uk . 
  we have a very small loading gauge ( i mean , we 'd basically have to rebuild every bridge in order to consider fitting double stack containers . ), 
  also our mainline distances are relatively short , so we 've not had a need for large engines as they 'd be restricted to those routes . 
  it may be different in the us . 
  however on the basis that the engines and track used on preserved railways in the uk originally came in the most part , from the main ` regular ' railway network , and are often run by people with knowledge and/or experience from the main line railway . 
  i 'd say that they are most probably run in a manner quite similar to a regular railway . 
  also i have spoken to our chairman , ( whom works in the rail industry ) and he thinks they are run in a similar manner . 
  i should probably add that in the uk preserved railways are often different to museums , as they are usually built on disused trackbed ( from large scale closures of british railways in the 1960s ) . 
  ooh which one ? 
  i 'm an engineering student and looked into nr and tfl for a placement myself . 
  albeit i do second your recommendation . 
  why did it take you till satalites to discover this ? 
  what happened to exploring ? 
  ahh being on the middle of a continent makes sense . 
  i usually do n't play on the earth map , i like the variation of a random map . 
  although i generally do like to be near to the sea , with my 2nd or 3rd city if not 1st . 
  natural selection would take over  . , 
  ahhh , just my cup of tea . 
  a large metaphorical civil engineering project , 
  i admire your optimism , but i doubt it will happen : c, 
  complete financial collapse of europe and the usa , potentialy caused by another war . 
  on that note , i expect there to be another ( at least ) medium scale war ( if not large ) . 
  also attempts at construction on the moon , maybe even mars . 
  and with it the further automation of roles in society , causing billions more in unemployment . 
  i think you missed the sarcasm there . 
  it depends , do you have a reasonable lead in other areas ? 
  as a student with friends doing rag ( raising and giving ) work + things , i know from talking to them , it is a really strenuous task to remain cheerful for most of a day with everyone treating you like shit . 
  and most of the people doing this are very often volunteers who are very passionate , in the same way i am to preserved railways . 
  so seriously people cut this guy some flak , and also the charity ** vounteers ** . 
  tldr , i second this person , do n't treat them like shit , they can often be quite passionate . 
  have a walk round the local area , perhaps stop at a coffee shop or or park , and then arrive about 5 minutes before the time they told you . 
  or at least that 's what i 've always been told to do when earlier for a job interview, 
  edit : can totally spell area . 
  my dad also told me to avoid commission jobs . 
  i managed to land myself an interview with a company like this . 
  i think after about 6 hours they realised all i wanted was to nope the fuck out of there . 
  i did n't hear from them after that thankfully . 
  hmm , see if you can push yourself forward in other fields . 
  unfortunately i find going for a faith or tech victory easier in civ 5 . 
  my tactic in all previous civs of tech + war = win does n't work too well in 5 . 
  unfortunately you do have a point . 
  it 's a reason for my general distrust for large swathes of human population . 
  yeah man , i can spend whole decades waiting for job interviews . 
  yeah at the time i had just finished college and was looking for a job just in case i did n't make it to uni , ( and also to cover the long summer of nothing ) and quite literally had the same thing . 
  walking round a few housing estates for several hours . 
  they got one sign up , out of potentially 500 houses . 
  thank god i 'm at uni studying a degree with reasonable job opportunities . 
  this seems to be a regular occurrence , with my parents occasionally getting cheques for over paying tax . 
  however be reticent to spend it as they may tell you next year they 've been undercharging you . 
  only those who know wear the lilac . 
  we here all know . 
  i 'm gon na go cry now, 
  not just discworld , he has a whole raft of non-discworld stories that are also worth reading . 
  i mean , i started with truckers , diggers , and wings . 
  they were a such a splendid read . 
  one of his non-discworld children 's series . 
  actually , whenever is to your convenience is the best time to start reading them . 
  they will remain to be good stories , whether today , tomorrow , or years to come . 
  i 've had it a few times , usually from someone i 'm a proto-ally with against their enemy , it 's risky territory as usually makes neutral peeps see me as belligerent and warmongering . 
  wait , this is n't endorsed by lego , this is just someone using lego to make guns . 
  i feel that now too . 
  having seen this comment , i have been flashing through my memories of movies i have seen , i 'm still unsure if any pass the test . 
  yes . 
  me too !, 
  in fact we often incorporate it into dnd games :d, 
  the curtain rail ... 
  aaaah , i remember seeing that last summer not long after it happened . 
  it caused a number of `` check points before moving '' or `` ensure proper communication with the signalman before moving '' emails and notices going around our preserved railway , with this video shown as a what to avoid . 
  luckily this was n't our preserved railway . 
  unfortunately it probably also did a fair bit of damage to track and engine in this case . 
  to be fair most of us were just saddened by any damage to it because it 's a lovely old engine . 
  to an extent a lot of damage can be repaired ... 
  also for preserved railways , a month , especially during the summer time ( when most customers tend to visit ) can be a long time to have a loco unnecessarily out of service . 
  it 's from going postal . 
  it 's code in the clacks for, 
  g - pass foward, 
  n - not logged,
