  i was in cambridge both times . 
  junkie 's rifle . 
  picked one up , and have cait as a companion pre-her-quest , hell yeah it 's never felt so good to be an addict . 
  like a chimney here . 
  i 've found gutsy , handy and sentry . 
  but neither of the others . 
  i found the kits on desks , i wish i had made a note of where now : /, 
  i found a nuka cola quantum in one on the silver shroud quest !, 
  yeah i had 3 all neatly on a shelf high up in my sanctuary house . 
  left to do a mission , came back , one was gone , and the others were on the floor . 
  : / this is the standard non-fixed items go flying with the smallest breeze . 
  i did find the missing one about 6 missions later lying in the building across the road , just like : what even ? 
  i know !, 
  i find it everywhere , i 've even fought raiders using it !, 
  t-51 , still not got a full set ( missing left leg & arm ) . 
  ( 60hrs , 1 save ), 
  not got a full second suit of t-45 either . 
  t-60 , 4 , and i 've overlooked at least 2 others because i already have it . 
  i 'm lvl 39 , will it still be t-51 ? 
  thanks i shall take a look when i next go on . 
  ahh i 've yet to use the artillery other than for test firing . 
  boston ruins ? 
  i think that 's probably crossing the line a little . 
  well , a good yorkshire soaks up the maximum liquid while maintaining a level of solidity . 
  how else would they deal with gravy ? 
  i 'm sorry , but danse dislikes everything except power armour and the brotherhood . 
  this the the main feature stopping me from hating on the brotherhood and just focusing on the railroad . 
  it 's the , i need to carry all this junk , but my companion is full , and i 'm over encumbered , eh i 'll just call a vertibird , problem solved . 
  y ` see , i had hope that they 'd be a bit like the brotherhood from 3 , so was initially welcoming . 
  after visiting the prydwen [ and discovering the demise of eldar lyons + sentinel lyons ] ( / spoiler ) i lost faith in them for anything but power armour and quests . 
  to be honest i 've not had him as a compainion , i just get [ danse liked that ] every time i enter power armour on the prydwen or complete a quest from them . 
  hmm , fair enough , will have to actually take him as a compainon at some point, 
  i do this , and still find myself needing more aluminium . 
  how is steel scarce for you ? 
  i do n't think i 've had it below 1000 for a week now : l in fairness , i scrap most guns rather than sell them . 
  damnit , someone beat me to it . 
  i 've given up being anxious about wasting cores , as i 've got to a point where i kill/loot enough stuff and caps , that i 'm either adding to my supply of 70 + cores , or i have enough caps to replenish them in any case . 
  i 've even spent the past 10 levels pretty much always in power armour . 
  hot pink t-60e power armour . 
  i do n't know . 
  being locked in a vault by myself with a box of puppets does n't sound too bad . 
  i mean , what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  aww that guy , especially when he comes to meet you after breaking out of raven rock !, 
  not even the brotherhood did that , and they are fighting the bastards !, 
  to be honest , i liked the ending as it felt honourable . 
  would you drop me the link for that mod ? 
  i feel like it would make creating new settlements far easier ... 
  i mean , he comes to raven rock to try to rescue you , and has got a gatling laser . 
  just because you let him out . 
  plus you do n't have to suck the rad 's getting the geck only to lose it a minute later . 
  oooh !, 
  i encountered him yesterday just outside salem , he 's called gene , and is annoying as hell . 
  3 speech checks before he actually lets you buy the dog he wanted to sell in the first place !, 
  you just need to keep picking locks , stealing from people , and brawling until you get it . 
  the annoying thing is , i found the easiest way to drive her admiration up was by taking lots of chems right up until you finish her mission . 
  you could try to convince mama murphy to stop taking chems , cait 'll like that when you 've completed her quest . 
  that is if you have n't already . 
  already got it and do that . 
  it 's because i 've been playing `` pimp my power armour '' recently that i have a deficit . 
  thank you sir !, 
  true , building metal structures does consume alot of steel . 
  no it 's not , i sent it to starlight drive in and it 's added 5 defence . 
  as for that guy , i think i killed that guy because he was obviously with either the gunners or the raiders . 
   steel rebar protruding from a block of concrete, 
  ftfy, 
  both codsworth and hancock like it when you build stuff in a settlement . 
  tbh i never took codsworth as a companion , so he 's just lived at sanctuary , and he 's the 3rd companion i got the perk of . 
  is this frequent in aus ? 
  i keep seeing videos and pictures of steam locos in operation down under . 
  geez , i was merely being curious as it seems to be more common than in the uk . 
  ah , the way i was more looking at it , was while the uk has more operational steam locomotives , very few of them are mainline certified , and we never get to see one assisting a mainline service , or running parallel with a mainline service . 
  whereas i 've been seeing a few of videos of mainline steam services in oz doing that sort of thing . 
  oh , so this is actually a picture of a pre-arranged event , it was just with the loco facing wrong directin i thought it was steam enginer rescuing a failed service or something similar , my mistake . 
  not to mention , all the additional buffs food gives . 
  yes it takes up carry weight , but those buffs man xd, 
  pretty much what i did , scared the others off , hit the psychojet and then .50 cal sniper , boom head-shot . 
  having rifleman 3 helped too !, 
  well , firstly , it 's not easy maintaining this level of fabulous all the damn time . 
  secondly , my biggest perpetual fear is that nobody is truly listening to me . 
  and thirdly , to me silence implies something is wrong , and is thus deeply unsettling . 
  i have the jeep and the joker bumper car :d, 
  sorry guys : c they 're part of a promotion that one british newspaper does for 8 days like once a year . 
  the little yellow jeep is awesome :d, 
  uhh no , more like a stationary shop/corner shop . 
  they tend to sell lottery tickets too . 
  which shows not all conservative mp 's supported cameron . 
  chichester and new forest mp 's did n't, 
  i liked starlight drive in for this purpose , it 's nice and central , with a good water source in the middle ( one you 've removed the rad barrels ) and a strip on land along behind the workshop shed for farming . 
  sorry to disappoint , but salem witchcraft museum quest was just a kill a deathclaw quest : /, 
  pencils , pencils everywhere !, 
  well , hetzer gon na hetz . 
  cambridge polymer labs !, 
  she loves it when you complete the experiment !, 
  i ca n't double upvote you for your username . 
  i did have curie as a companion after nick , however i 've got late enough in the main quest line , [ that because i 've joined the institute , all companions dislike me doing their quests , ] ( / spoiler ) so i 've gone back to dogmeat because he does n't judge . 
  i think this is probably a more likely occurrence , the only shooting we had in our home town recently was a guy with a shotgun , and we 're surrounded by farmland , and i know a few farmers who have shotguns . 
  i do n't know for certain , but with all the hassle getting a shotgun license seems to incur , i 'm doubtful . 
  jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams . 
  while it 's technically true , steel beams can only resist a certain amount of increased temperature before that heat provides enough of a change within the beam that the force of the structure they are supporting , causes them to buckle or shear . 
  edit : final year civil , one of the things we get taught is to not over-engineer , which means , uses an element that supports the forces likely to act on the structure , but not to go overboard and make it too good , because otherwise it 's pointlessly expensive , hence why under too much unexpected force : ie , a plane hitting your skyscraper .
