  wo n't anyone think of the expansionistic autocracies ??? 
  o ( \u2565 \u2565 ) o, 
  on the contrary , starving people ca n't be convinced that homosexuality and jewish nazis are the most important problems facing their country . 
  there 's no need to block it . 
  soon people will realize that russian content is more suitable to / r/asia . 
  your whataboutism would be better if president obama was assassinating journalists who disagree with him . 
  good news for the russian people , then , because their remaining media is teaching them to dislike freedom . 
  [ 57 out of 187 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index ) . 
  that russian political circumstances mean that a large , technically sophisticated civilization that is ideally situated into a country that can hardly rise above the level of lebanon or panama is troubling , but these are the facts . 
  so brave . 
  best of luck in [ insert enlightened le foreign country here ] . 
  if putin wants to bankrupt russia on military spending , more power to him . 
  ( of course the mistral itself is only a small part of the solution ), 
  opposing a violent dictatorship that funds insurgents is bad because , why , exactly ? 
  that 's beautiful . 
  all of the evidence will be gone by then , i 'm sure , but i 'm looking forward to the day when ukraine reclaims that field ( probably a couple of weeks from now ) . 
  yes i 'm sure mr. antonov 's belief that a ukrainian fighter jet shot down the plane , believing that it was putin 's , and that it was already full of corpses from the previous malaysian plane disaster , is well-supported by unimpeachable evidence . 
  tver , i guess , but after putinism runs its course maybe they 'll be ready for independence . 
   we thought we 'd be fighting ukrainian pilots landing in parachutes in the civilized world , pilots who have ejected from their planes are usually treated as pows , but i guess for russians that is n't the case . 
  the soviets stood in the corner for half a century . 
  end result : they lost a bunch of territory , which was liberated and most of those people are now benefiting from democracy . 
  kaliningrad/prussia is slipping through putin 's fingers no matter how much he tightens his grip . 
  i 'd be very disappointed if those things do n't happen early next week . 
  it 's important to keep in mind that little is really going to be done in terms of policy over the weekend , and the facts were simply too new on friday . 
  considering that the united states had already increased sanctions a day before the crash , it should be easy for eu leaders to sell a harsher sanction policy . 
  what do you mean , how long ? 
  russia is [ already ] ( https://www.kapo.ee/cms-data/_text/138/124/files/kapo-annual-review-2013-eng.pdf ) stirring up russian minorities in the baltics . 
  of course , ethnic pan-nationalism is only effective when the victim country has a low per capita gdp . 
  the baltic nations are too rich and too sophisticated to fall victim to this sort of thing . 
  with labor costs in europe increasing , ukraine will be a prime target for investment as soon as the rebels are defeated and political stability is achieved . 
  a per capita gdp on the level of poland should be possible . 
  the ukrainian people win by deposing putin 's vassal and escaping the grip of the eurasian economic union . 
  we can either use economic means or military means to subvert russia 's interests . 
  which would you prefer ? 
  that video will be removed soon on a copyright claim , so download it while you can . 
  i tend not to take my bets based on the advice of `` tyler durden '' . 
   as far as the slow motion war remains off from the public eyes this is hardly a secret war . 
  the media is enthusiastic about reporting it . 
  youtube is full of videos from the front . 
  russia is able to get away with this because there is no mechanism for dissuading them . 
  could you perhaps explain precisely the mechanism by which a slovenian area intrinsically has a higher per capita gdp than one populated by those of turkish descent ? 
  yes , but this time pretty much everyone 's part of a mutual defense pact that precludes meaningful expansion . 
  once ukraine and moldova are milked for all they 're worth , putin 's done whether he likes it or not . 
  at that point , gearing his society for authoritarianism will prove to have been a mistake . 
  from [ here ] ( http://www.4pt.su/en/content/aleksandr-dugin%e2%80%99s-foundations-geopolitics ) :  here [ in dugin-style eurasianism ] there are ideas which meet the psychological needs of society : there is an alternative to the failed love affair with the west ; there is the [ russian ] tradition of messianism ; and there is the proximity of asia ... the regime stands in need of a new ideology , but of a traditional one , ` integral and great . ' all of this is happily combined in eurasianism ... '' basically , the soviet union represents the `` good old days '' , and the challenge is to divorce it from communist ideology so that it can be used as a model for the future . 
  russia ca n't succeed as a european country because in that context it 's backwards and poor , and the russian mindset craves greatness . 
  the solution is to redefine success . 
  i 'll give you this : communists are good at coming up with new flavors of their ideas . 
  they just are n't that good at providing food to the workers . 
  nazism : try it once and then ( correctly ) decide never to give it a second chance . 
  communism : try it again and again because each time it was n't ` true ' communism . 
  ukraine did n't have the resources to keep those nukes anyway . 
  as long as they lose territory each time it works out in the end . 
  imagine russia in 2040 annexing small parts of perm , or funding pro-russian rebels in siberia . 
  there would still be a russian nation centered on moscow , and there 's no reason to assume that splinter states would n't give up their nuclear weapons in the same way that ukraine did . 
  russia would be reduced to bullying its former members , and the rest of the world could prosper without fear . 
   we have to rip off them of the russians right now things are going the opposite direction , with bulgaria and hungary being drawn away from the eu and into russia 's circle . 
  the eurasian union wo n't fall apart until after putin 's death . 
  nsa is a surveillance agency . 
  it is their job to want to have all kinds of information . 
  it 's the job of the rest of the government to keep them in line with our values . 
  this is not a special situation , and the flow of power is very well-defined in the us - the nsa will do what it is told by elected officials . 
  option # 3 : make sure russia is no longer a major world power , so that there is no injustice in keeping it out of such meetings . 
  website is down , so here 's the article :  having seized control of the crimea , russian officials have placed new restrictions on churches there , the forum 18 news service reports . 
   religious communities in crimea are being ordered to re-register under russian law . 
  priests of the ukrainian catholic church who are not natives of crimea will be allowed to serve in ministry for only three months at a time before leaving for a month and re-applying for admission . 
  catholics in sebastopol , who had hoped for the return of their cathedral ( which had been confiscated under soviet rule ) , now doubt that the building will be returned . 
   the new restrictions are not targeted solely against ukrainian catholics . 
  the ukrainian orthodox church-kiev patriarchate , which challenges the dominance of orthodox body loyal to moscow , has found that the `` rent '' for its cathedral in simferopol , the capital city of crimea , has been dramatically raised . 
  it seems russia is intent on turning away from european notions of religious liberty , but it should be noted that even their mongol ancestors were willing to at least pay lip service to the religious traditions of the conquered . 
  at worst , another cold war , after which russia 's vassals ( belarus , kazakhstan , soon bulgaria ) will do a 180 and become vehemently pro-west in rejection of russian political philosophy . 
  bush would n't have done anything differently . 
  outside of poland , europe has no appetite for confrontation with their gas dealer , and without their support there 's little the us can do . 
  even newt gingrich has only recommended supplies of jet fuel and night vision equipment to ukraine , which would be far from decisive in this conflict . 
  lately there has been some question as to whether russia is really a european country at all , or is more of an asian country . 
  this helps to answer that question . 
  chomskyan ideology is rather clear : only americans have real volition , and everyone else is either ignored by us or is our victim . 
  every time i see kaliningrad i think `` why is it that just one of these baltic states just ca n't get it together , oh wait that 's still part of russia '' . 
  actually no i 'm not actually a neo-nazi . 
  keeping company with / r/coontown , / r/european , and / r/niggervideos , i see . 
  to paraphrase my president , `` perfection is the enemy of the good '' . 
  if you can imagine a better possibility , no matter how difficult or unlikely it is that it will ever succeed , you must work against all possibilities that would have otherwise been acceptable . 
   god help you if you try to increase the tax income by reducing tax rates what a surprise , anti-immigration ideology lives comfortably with laffer curve nonsense . 
  price ceilings cause supply shortages . 
  the unwillingness of europeans to insist that refugees behave according to european values in refugee camps indicates to the refugees that they will be able to maintain their own value systems when outside of those camps . 
  likewise , you could cure yourself of belief in silly myths like terminator seeds or the notion that farmers want to save seeds , but you choose not to . 
  the anti-gmo position is driven by the same conspiracy theories ( and usually the same websites ) as chemtrails , yet you feel no shame trying to trick other people into believing these lies . 
  there 's absolutely no problem with having a gmo farm next to a non-gmo or organic farm . 
  start by having facts that are actually true . 
  no farmer worries about cross-contamination . 
  why would they , when seeds are produced at the end of the season , and even on the off-chance that a seed survives from a previous season there is no negative effect ? 
  it 's easy for farmers to do accounting after the fact . 
  if gmo seeds were n't a good deal for them , these companies would have no repeat business . 
  why do farmers want to buy gmo seeds if they do n't benefit from doing so ? 
  trade , of course , which in the short term is facilitated by charity work . 
  the third world absolutely has access to our advances . 
  this progress is [ already occurring ] ( http://i.imgur.com/les4e2f.png ) , and we do not depend on any kind of sci-fi inventions in order to achieve humanity 's final victory over famine . 
  [ 1st world companies ] ( http://monsantofund.org/_pdfs/monsanto-fund-contribution-report-2012-13.pdf ) are keen on improving the state of the 3rd world , not only because helping the vulnerable is good pr , but because these people represent future customers . 
  low productivity subsistence farming hurts everybody , since it traps the affected in poverty and results in slash-and-burn techniques that misuse land . 
  how so ?
