   except i 'm not , because i do n't support national socialism . 
  i have to say that it 's pretty sad that you are so full of misguided resentment and that you did n't even get an ideology out of it . 
  you personally * actually * are a neo-nazi , though . 
  perhaps someone who thinks that the world is under control of a vast jewish conspiracy to exterminate all white people is n't the best judge of reality . 
  apparently you 're looking at a different map than [ putin 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria ) . 
  it 's official , russia is so poor that the only adjacent country left that it can take on is moldova . 
  putin should have expanded into africa when he had the chance . 
   russian propaganda about ukraine is today 's doublethink : it requires that people , as orwell put it , `` hold simultaneously two opinions which cancelled out , knowing them to be contradictory and believing both of them . '' like with their propaganda about mh-17 - ukrainians shot down the plane thinking putin was in it , but also the plane was full of corpses because the whole thing with a set up . 
  [ pictured ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ujifaih.png ) : a member of right sector helping a rabbi clean up antisemitic graffiti . 
  unfortunately many people assume that `` further right than me '' means `` literally hitler '' . 
  if these people were actually enforcing sharia law , they should of course be charged with assault and breaking whatever various real laws are broken . 
  but expelling people simply by acting publicly as a morality crew and telling people how they should behave is somewhat a harsher punishment than what martin luther suffered , for doing essentially the same thing , in a time that was not even as civilized as our own . 
  when every aspect of ` subjugation ' is actually a good thing , maybe you should use a less pejorative word to describe it . 
   lastly , russia 's bluster has also clearly led sweden and finland to look more favorably on nato than ever before and to be more inclined to cooperate and even integrate with nato to some degree . 
  thus , in the baltic region , as in europe more generally , russia persists in a course which is bound to isolate it in europe . 
  it would be interesting to find out that this analysis was considered by the baltic countries when they joined nato . 
  no , russia already has the blueprints . 
  that part of the deal is already done . 
  now russia does n't have to pay for it , since that part was connected to the delivery of the ships themselves . 
  it should be noted that russia 's primary gain from this deal was the technology of the ships rather than the ships themselves . 
  getting that for free is actually a win for putin . 
  just remember to keep your wallet in your front pocket . 
  we just have to keep pushing the russians east until they 're fighting over whether moscow and st. petersburg belong to the same country . 
  merkel 's reply : `` as you wish , my master . '', 
  no need for luck when political parties are [ funded by russia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobbik ) ( using german gas money , of course ) . 
  we also confirmed today that [ they 'll get away with it ] ( http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/dpb/2014/08/231008.htm#ukraine ) . 
  i wish the opposite , because forcing people to pay more for specious reasons goes against the prosperity of society . 
  you joke , but that 's what antifa kiddies say about fascists . 
  by reading the article at all , rather than just the headline , you are indeed doing something much different than most of the other posters here . 
  i agree , the inherent racial inferiority of europeans makes them incapable of practicing nationalism in a productive way . 
  that is what you meant , right ? 
  yes , that 's exactly right . 
  not wanting your country to turn to shit by having unrestricted immigration of religious fundamentalists is exactly the same thing as nazism . 
  this is a well-thought-out perspective that will not get someone made fun of for stating it . 
   kiev gets to hand over e. ukrainian industry to the imf you know that having views like these is why nobody likes you , right ? 
  crimea is under the heel of a russian dictator who does not care at all about the people of crimea . 
  belarus may be subordinated by the eurasian economic union , but lukashenko cares about his own interests more than he cares about putin 's . 
  yeah good point . 
  the us gives them gear , the uk gives them people , and france gives them money . 
  although i do have to say at least the us stopped . 
  with the british supplying the terrorists , and the french supplying the ransom money to support their activities , iraq and syria hardly need to be involved in this conflict at all . 
  do n't worry , once the pictures come out you can dismiss them on the basis of not having any proof of where the pictures were taken . 
  we did n't listen . 
  it 's ok , they were democratically elected leaders , so capital punishment reflects the will of the people . 
  sorry that lithuanians are better at english wordplay than you are . 
  obviously sanctions are a two-way street , and when your target is a kleptocracy with 8 % inflation it may be rational to `` shoot yourself in the foot '' to achieve long-term goals . 
  you can bet than when siberia breaks off they 'll turn to china for defense against their former oppressors . 
  nonetheless , the fact that rt considers this story true and important enough to * lie * about is itself informing . 
  russia 's main benefit from this trade is in the technology of the mistrals itself , rather than the actual ships . 
  canning it months ago or now only serves to cost france the money ( and reputation for doing reliable business ) , without actually hurting russia in a meaningful way . 
  fyi you have a serious mental illness and you need to get help before your hurt yourself or others . 
  russia 's problem is that they 're playing eu while everyone else is playing geopolitical simulator . 
   disclaimer : i 'm not russian and not pro-russian . 
  but you spread the same disjointed nonsense typical of the damaged russian psyche . 
  nasa spending has a multiplier effect of [ 2.49 ] ( http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/578484main_ebsreport_2010.pdf ) . 
  although i guess since you 're a debt panicker that means you subscribe to ridiculous libertarian ideology , so you do n't really care about the economy . 
  [ benefits stemming from space exploration ] ( http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/files/benefits-stemming-from-space-exploration-2013-tagged.pdf ) are you just a gimmick poster who tries to be wrong about everything ? 
  us gdp as of 1969 : 4.72 trillion us gdp as of 2014 : 15.99 trillion eagerly awaiting your half-assed goal post moving . 
  / r/whiterights has poisoned your mind to the point that you ca n't relate to normal people . 
  you used ` zog ' in a serious manner . 
  do n't bitch about downvotes , you neo-nazi piece of garbage . 
  keep in mind that this is on during prime time . 
  this is what russia has instead of dancing with the stars . 
  the hunger games was n't meant to be an instruction manual . 
  even if your assertion that the us did indeed stage nazi coups in the past is true , that does n't mean that the russian narrative is n't an obvious lie in this case . 
  that 's a very intuitive position , but the civilized nations have put quite a lot of effort into avoiding the situation of a stateless person - someone who is n't a citizen of * anywhere * . 
  even if they 're willing to rape and murder in putin 's name , that does n't mean that the eurasian emperor will actually grant them citizenship . 
  paying their medical bills out of the spanish treasury after things go badly for them is considered a lesser injustice . 
   better to be cautious than just say fuck it like they do in the states . 
  there are stringent safety requirements for deploying gmo technology in the us . 
  even something as mildly harmful as the lenape potato is n't possible under this regulatory climate ( if it were a gm food , that is ) . 
  what part of us policy would you characterize as `` fuck it '' ? 
   a shining example of how awful the legal stuff can get in monsanto . 
  oh , please do give an example . 
  spoiler alert : the copyright nightmare you 're imagining is just a fantasy concocted by organic food interests in order to deceive you . 
  you 're ` skeptical ' without any reason , hence why you have to dig up a reason from google and you have no consideration for whether these reasons are factual ( and of course why you do n't change your position when the facts that supposedly support it are shown to be untrue ) . 
  go ask the kids who are dying from vitamin a deficiency whether your beliefs cause any harm . 
  sometimes fringe beliefs are [ just bad fringe beliefs ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/search?q=chemtrail ) . 
  anti-gmo ideology should only be given attention for the purpose of mockery , except when it actually results in the death and injury of people and damage to the environment . 
  you 've fallen for a scam , and now you want people to die for the sake of it . 
  you 're advocating for bad public health policy based on the delusions of chemtrail folks and vague anti-capitalism . 
  you 're anti-science , of course , because your political beliefs are more important to you than reality . 
  the question is whether you are merely a harmless idiot who was deceived by scammers , or if you genuinely hate modern society . 
  it therefore follows that anti-gmo nuttery is desirable and deserves to be treated as legitimate thought , since if an issue can be tangentially connected to `` corporate interests '' it must be given a pass despite not having any evidence supporting it . 
  is that about right ? 
  that 's right , the shills !, 
  scientists do n't care about reality when doing studies - they only care about who is funding them . 
  source : [ insert loony toons conspiracy site here ] . 
  now if only you would abandon anti-gmo nuttery , seeing as how all of the evidence supporting it is false and comes from scam artists and ideologues . 
  globalresearch.ca ? 
  come on . 
  if you care about reality , stick with sources that are n't trying to deceive you . 
  maybe when russia falls apart you can be adjacent to novgorod instead . 
  would n't that be nice ? 
  the motivations of the poster would still be irrelevant even if it was n't for the fact that these motivations are virtuous by any modern standard ( i.e. , anything outside russia or north korea ) . 
  meat quality is affected greatly by what you feed the animal and other circumstances of its life . 
  a perfectly healthy animal can have awful tasting meat if it is fed wrong . 
  joke or not , `` russian discrimination against russians '' is absolutely true in the sense that russians apparently do n't have a comparative advantage when it comes to meat production . 
  autarky is n't necessarily a bad idea , but in practice it usually is . 
  on a less serious note , it 's not surprising at all that a society that rejects smithian economics has reached less than temple grandin-like enlightenment when it comes to livestock , and if russians treat their animals like they treat their people it 's no surprise that their meat is bad .
