  the supposed right to exist and not be murdered is important to many people . 
  gays can not achieve demographic superiority in the same way that muslim populations can , so it may be preferable to engage within a ( primitive , western ) ideological framework rather than have to deal with ethnic issues . 
  subscriptions and back-issues can be acquired from amazon.com . 
  shipping times are high . 
  that would be a police state , and the french people would rather be killed by islamists than endure the apparent injustice of that . 
  this argument is very common , but it 's not really clear how banning various kinds of sexuality is supposed to achieve the goal of reducing or eliminating terrorism . 
  nazism is wrong because its ideological foundation is modern . 
  if hitler had written mein kampf more than a thousand years ago , nazism could be called a ` religion ' and be immune to criticism by french society . 
  it would n't , but good job pretending to miss the point . 
  mass surveillance does n't stop terrorists from coordinating . 
  gun bans do n't stop terrorists from acquiring them . 
  even though the logic is the same , somehow you 're for one and against the other . 
  and yet you 'll somehow reconcile this premise with your belief that preventing civilians from having guns is `` common sense '' . 
  video title is better : `` fusion reactor designed in hell makes its debut '', 
  global warming is something people * want * to believe in , though , so that makes the scientists involved automatically more trustworthy . 
  oh , good , you went through my comment history to find a personal attack to use . 
  good thing i already know that it 's impossible for leftists to argue in good faith . 
  that 's why i 'm making fun of you by pointing out the absurdities of your argument . 
  what if people are able to make a distinction between chattel slavery and serfdom * without * being teenagers , wealthy , right-wingers , christian dominionists , etc ? 
  for the time being , the natives can use their system of democracy to enact whatever desired change they like . 
  this kind of thing is proof that the claimed superiority of their culture is just a lie . 
  you could look at any source other than wikipedia in order to determine what political scientists take seriously and what they do n't , but apparently it 's more amusing for you to just regurgitate wikipedia links . 
  fyi horseshoe theory is not reputable and only stupid internet trash believe in it . 
  also the same thing is true with all these other things where the entirety of your comment is a wikipedia link . 
  that should have been obvious after the first mention of horseshoe theory . 
  thankfully , russia has already reformed away from democracy , and its public no longer has to fear populism . 
  only the low-quality americans who refuse to read anything and get all of their politics from the daily show . 
  the study arrives at a politically desirable conclusion , though , so it must be accepted . 
   ( no problems with the gm bit at all ... but business practices and ip are an issue that get rolled into it ... ) and yet you do n't have a problem with seed patents until gmo technology is involved . 
  expect facts like these to be conveniently forgotten when racists want to lambaste the asylum seekers for having higher rates of violent crime than others . 
  your unwillingness to recognize the distinction between migration and invasion may be part of the reason that nobody wants to employ you . 
  you understand that modern notions of reproductive rights are essentially brand new on a historical scale , right ? 
   do you just think all muslims will magically disappear if le pen gets elected ? 
  no , of course not . 
  there 's a lot of work to do if you do n't want muslims to make the laws in your country . 
  maybe you should start before they become the majority . 
  perhaps there is a material difference between wanting to restrict marriage rights and wanting to throw people off of buildings . 
  democracy is objectively the best way to run a country . 
  whichever option is slightly more popular at a particular time is correct and should be pursued by the government . 
  muslims are better at reproduction than europeans , so their victory is assured as long as they can prevent the evils of european secularism from afflicting them . 
  it does n't matter who , if anyone , pays for them . 
  all that matters is that they exist and can vote . 
  success for a demographic group means numbers , not prosperity . 
  what punishment do you think rape victims should receive ? 
  ( according to my values there should n't be any punishment for being raped , but the refugees have a different set of values . ), 
  do n't worry , once your party gets into power this policy will somehow seem much less threatening , and you 'll let it stand until the tories get back in . 
  it does n't matter how it 's done . 
  once an ethnic group attains majority status , they have an actionable right to self-determination according to the standards of modern democracy . 
  do you have a counter-argument ? 
  i tried to do research on the guy , but there 's nothing out there that i could find about his position on gmos . 
  do you have any evidence suggesting that he is pro-gmo ? 
  russians used to be 10 % of the population . 
  things change . 
  or just keep the sanctions going until the russian economy collapses and they fall into civil war . 
  crimea will want independence once the majority population are crimean tatars again . 
  hamon [ appears ] ( http://www.nuclearpowerdaily.com/reports/despite_german_u-turn_nuclear_here_to_stay_in_europe_999.html ) to not be rabidly anti-nuclear , despite his party affiliation . 
  since he is a socialist , it can be assumed that he is opposed to any technology that would make food more affordable for the poor . 
  the political elite know what 's best for you . 
  european birth rates are too low , and the only solution is to import people who have a superior culture that maintains good birth rates . 
  any disagreement over this matter is exactly the same thing as nazism . 
  in the us , it has to do with electricity prices . 
  if power is cheap ( because of a nearby dam , for instance ) , that area will tend not to develop gas . 
  we do n't put natural gas in tanks at all ( other than perhaps the gas company in their facilities somewhere ) . 
  some people , mostly in rural areas , have propane tanks , and they use propane in the same way as natural gas ( in fact , appliances often need only small modifications to convert from one to another ) . 
  this is actually banned in many cities for safety reasons . 
  lines are n't a problem - the gas company can shut them off if an earthquake or other disaster happens - but a propane tank can be dangerous . 
  natural gas is not particularly dangerous . 
  we add a chemical to it that gives it a distinct odor , so leaks can be identified immediately . 
  and as soon as it gets into the open air , it dissipates into a harmless concentration very quickly . 
  there are lines running under the city , and then in the house there are more lines running to the appliance . 
  it 's exactly the same as water , but since it 's natural gas there 's less corrosion . 
  environmentalists do n't care enough about the environment to support nuclear power , so there 's no reason for governments to do so . 
  governments only care about what their interest groups tell them to care about . 
  that would be hilarious ( and totally in line with eu 's status as an ineffective bureaucracy ) , given that asimov 's three laws are n't taken seriously at all by ai researchers and the entire theme of i , robot is that they 're unworkable . 
  the name of that soft spot is daugavpils , and since the invasion is technically an independence movement you wo n't have the political will to do anything about it . 
  it 's ok , ukraine was only invaded because they did n't join nato , which is an inviolable mutual defense pact between poland and the most powerful country in the world . 
  it 's not like anything 's going to happen ( later this week ) to degrade that alliance , thus opening the door to russian aggression against your country . 
  russia is sponsoring ethno-nationalist parties in order to fracture europe . 
  you wo n't have nato . 
  you wo n't have a federal eu . 
  all you 'll have are a bunch of individual countries , frightened and alone . 
  people who grow up in your society are likely to share your values , unlike the countless human migrants you insist on importing from alien societies . 
  a kill switch on other people is often considered `` too much '' in civilized societies . 
  that 's why we need to get a legal framework in place to prevent that from happening , so that instead of all these bad things happening we can enjoy the benefits of having a new model minority . 
  yeah let 's just wait until non-human persons exist before having laws against the slavery or killing of non-human persons . 
  we do n't want to be too proactive , do we ? 
  the united states practices democracy , which invites manipulation from superior countries . 
  i wo n't deny that . 
  it 's naive to think that democracy is somehow better than all other forms of government when evidence shows that this is not the case . 
   funny how proving someone guilty and placing sanctions that harm the economy of russia severely is considered a fearful complaint . 
  your sanctions were merely symbolic . 
  if you wanted to truly fight russia , you would stop dealing in their natural gas . 
  but then you would freeze to death !, 
  of course , military confrontation is impossible , and because of your government 's structural weakness you ca n't even support ukraine with volunteers . 
  do you understand that russia is and should be dominant over you ? 
  once nato is dissolved , latvia will be invaded and broken apart . 
  what exactly can europe do about this ? 
  what you do n't understand is that russia is justified in all of this . 
  lesser countries should show obedience . 
  we 've already established that your political system is inferior , due to how easy it is to manipulate it .
