russia is part of europe . 
  geographically , perhaps , but culturally russians have much more in common with their mongol ancestors . 
  forcing people to work without pay is n't exactly the same thing as being a champion for equality . 
  it seems unfair to me to put an asian country in the european rankings . 
  [ britain ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-11053375 ) , of course . 
  does every culture benefit from having ghettos full of people who are n't interested in assimilating and practice sexual slavery and fgm ? 
  or just british culture ? 
  as always , monday at about 1pm eastern time , [ here ] ( http://www.state.gov/index.htm ) . 
  we do n't have a robust trading relationship with russia to use as leverage for sanctions . 
  we are n't going to go to a shooting war over ukraine . 
  we are n't going to create a diplomatic rift that ends up isolating the us from what ends up being a pro-russian europe . 
  the reaction you 'll get is quite a lot more muted than what you 're probably hoping . 
  you wo n't get any statements from our government on the weekend , but i do have to wonder why the security of ukraine is uniquely the responsiblility of the united states . 
  none of the nato countries particularly care about the fate of ukraine , though . 
  america is still war-weary over bush , and europeans could n't be provoked into action even over the destruction of mh-17 . 
  dangerous to whom ? 
  they ca n't even decisively win against an unstable ukraine . 
  the list of countries that russia can legitimately threaten is getting to be pretty small . 
  expect it ? 
  they voted for it !, 
  democracy works , unfortunately for russians . 
   nobody ever taught them that war is wrong . 
  if only the british education system had such a feature . 
  where ? 
  when ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/dpb/index.htm ) , find our state department claiming that russia is our '' # 1 enemy '' , and i 'll believe that you are n't a blathering moron . 
  soon , luxembourg 's enemies will know true fear . 
  glory to luxembourg !, 
  to be fair , [ most russians ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20080916001434/http://www.russiatoday.com/poll/results/377 ) believe that 9/11 was a false flag by the us government . 
  through that lens , their idiotic beliefs about the us causing terrorism are reasonable . 
  russia should be included , as it is de facto a resource extraction colony of germany 's , despite the local strongman 's assertions of supposed sovereignty . 
  the availability of pornography is also [ inversely correlated with sex crimes ] ( http://www.springer.com/about+springer/media/springer+select?sgwid=0-11001-6-1042321-0 ) , but fuck that we 've got ta keep people from having bad drawings or the muslims and christians will freak out . 
  based on how the belarussian shrimp industry is doing , i 'd say it 's the other way around . 
  it seems that lukashenko does n't want a lot of ambiguity in his efforts to distance his country from putin . 
  i do n't how how putin manages to pull off this orthodox dominionism bs while he has an army full of muslims , but i suspect that when it fails it 'll fail badly . 
  putin 's propaganda is bad because it uses untrue facts . 
  nato is n't spreading bs like calling stalin a nazi . 
  the kurds are n't stupid savages who throw spears at airplanes . 
  if you want to be their ally , you show up and you ally up . 
  assistance from people who want to help you is welcomed by civilized people . 
  do n't get your news from a conspiracy theory website . 
  you know that isil is universally hated , right ? 
  i was hoping to see andris b\u0113rzi\u0146\u0161 kick vladimir putin down a well . 
  what wonders communism did for sexual minorities . 
  he tried to unite his descendents in western asia in a single state , protecting them from corrupt locals , just as you said . 
  temujin , grandfather of the russian people , no doubt thought the same way . 
  of course , there are many strong people and we should expect significant resistance against propaganda as blatant as russia 's . 
  the argument is merely that russian speakers are more likely , in relative terms , to be blinkered by russian propaganda than someone who is unable to speak that language . 
  propaganda and language are connected . 
  if you speak russian then you probably spend a lot of time being exposed to russian propaganda from those tv channels , websites , etc. 
  russia 's propaganda apparatus is mature and capable for other languages ( including english , with rt ) , but i believe it is even moreso with the russian language . 
  what kind of alternate dimension do you live in , where americans control the price of oil and have a weak army ? 
  is there a way for mortals to get to the portal ? 
  the best part is that canada uses the esrb , same as us . 
  to be fair , with his use of state propaganda and warmongering for the purpose of mobilizing the population , he 's evolved into something resembling a 20th century fascist . 
  unfortunately he seems intent on reenacting history rather than being part of it , and apparently nobody told him that crimea is his cyprus . 
  our state department , [ on estonia  ( http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/dpb/2014/09/231399.htm#estonia ) : ms. harf : well , we 've seen these reports that an estonian internal security service employee was seized near the russian border in estonia on september 5th . 
  according to some eyewitness accounts , he was seized while performing official duties , was taken into russia . 
  details remain unclear regarding the individuals who seized the estonian government official . 
  the estonians are in contact with the russian government on this . 
  we are following this issue as it develops and call on russia to act expeditiously to ensure the employee is returned safely and immediately to estonia . 
  i do n't have more analysis about why this might have taken place . 
  we 're still gathering details . 
  -- there has n't been anything on the lithuanian ship , to my knowledge . 
   sanctions is a language of fools autarky is the language of north korea . 
  we do n't care about optics . 
  putin either plays by the rules or his country gets neutered . 
  kazakhstan and belarus are already russian vassals . 
  ukraine and moldova are both irrelevant because nobody cares about them . 
  you should reevaluate how you do your reasoning when the fabled wwiii fails to materialize . 
  putin 's bluster against europe has no more weight to it than the old greek junta 's bluster against turkey . 
  do you mean that russia is preparing for hot war with nato members ? 
  if so , i 've got ta say that while putin is n't the brightest guy to sit on the russian throne , he 's a hell of a lot smarter than that . 
  if it is indeed true that russians are intrinsically less-civilized than normal people ( a premise that is itself in need of support , to put it lightly ) , the solution is not to forsake our own civilization through policies of ethnic cleansing . 
  that 's exactly the kind of western decadence that russia tries to protect its citizens from . 
  on the contrary , he volunteered once he voted for putin . 
  so because there were disagreements and even misdeeds in the past , iran should never be part of the world community ever again ? 
  yeah it 's not even a good kind of coal . 
  china imports better coal from australia because they do n't want to burn this garbage . 
  you have dishonored our country by propagating alex jones-tier disaster nuttery !, 
  feel shame now . 
   but if organizers allow shit like [ this ] ( http://share.gifyoutube.com/y7bz1d.gif ) it 's worth noting that this sort of thing is a direct measure of how civilized your society is , and by extension the upper limit of prosperity it is able to achieve . 
  the point is n't to be taken seriously , but to demonstrate the glory and triumph of one 's civilization . 
   the us says that the free syrian opposition is the true government . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  stop getting your information from fox news . 
  i like how people who proudly call themselves nationalists support their country becoming the vassal of a poor , badly-run country . 
  sanctions will destroy the russian middle class , so putin will be secure until he does die from old age . 
  of course , fascists ca n't do succession - there will be a revolution afterwards . 
  yeah the crimeans better watch out or they 'll be deported back to their homeland of ... crimea !, 
   an empire that chooses its battles ( maybe even their timing ) !, 
  now that 's a fascinating fantasy . 
  the reason the american people are n't chomping at the bit to get involved in ukraine is the same reason ukraine is n't a member of nato to begin with : it 's been badly administered and is economically irrelevant . 
  our maintenance of world order is not out of generosity or idealism - it is out of a desire for trading partners . 
  still exhausted from our badly-conceived adventures in iraq and afghanistan , we have little appetite for a confrontation with russia that gains us nothing and matters so little to our allies that germany , which is actually in the neighborhood , wo n't even stop funding putin 's military with gas purchases . 
  everything ` potentially ' hurts the bee population , because the cause of ccd has yet to be determined . 
  because ignoring russia 's provocative actions not only subverts putin 's goals but is convenient to nato members . 
  if so , you should be able to form a counterargument . 
   we really do n't have the best relationship with them . 
  is that because of the decades of genocide and communist oppression , or the predatory imperialism of the modern day ?
