  it was . 
  the poor people are only obligated to pick it off of the ground , as you see in the picture . 
  only if the meaning of policy is to achieve a high level of prosperity for the public . 
  north korea has provided a superior model of governance , which russia now imitates . 
  by seeking out poverty , the public can be made entirely dependent on the ruling family , which can stay in power across generations . 
  neighboring countries , still burdened by the obsolete principles of liberal democracy , can be extorted for concessions and aid as part of their desperate effort to avoid war and chaos . 
  competing directly with companies from more sophisticated societies puts european and african companies at a disadvantage . 
  although modern economic theory holds that countries ought to seek out comparative advantages , europeans suffer from a backwardness in economic thinking as well , and still believe in mercantilist policies in which native industries should be nurtured in isolation . 
  once the africans become dominant they can enact tougher laws against the roma . 
  do finns not put their religious structures in residential areas ? 
  western values are objectively superior , though . 
  it is a complement when inferior societies like russia are judged by civilized standards rather than their own . 
  some ideologies , if they are allowed to thrive , will bring about the end to democracy . 
  when communists and fascists are able to gain power , they always erode democratic institutions in order to remain in power . 
  the ukrainians , keen to prevent a recurrence of the suffering they experienced under communism , have exercised a legitimate mechanism by which communism can be suppressed . 
  democracy means the winner is whoever can keep their poverty level high , leading to the highest birth rates . 
  we have so far failed to produce a superior political system , so we 're stuck with that until it is no longer possible to maintain it . 
  actually , serious economic sanctions would quickly end russia as a major power . 
  the problem is that trade benefits both parties , so germany would be significantly harmed by such an effort . 
  even so , no shots have to be fired . 
   which is the least efficient and most error prone way to do work . 
  obviously a lunar base has to be highly automated and robiticized . 
  every field that is simple enough for automation proves that robots are better , safer and more efficient than humans . 
  hence why human labor has been completely replaced by robots on earth . 
  oh wait it has n't . 
  this kind of silliness is found throughout all of your comment . 
  i suggest you do more investigation into what goes into spacecraft manufacture . 
  these vehicles are not cheap , even on a planet covered in railroads , with non-space manufacturing providing us with significant economies of scale . 
  and that 's with the work being done by humans , who can run around outdoors , and using power generated from fossil fuels . 
  it 's easy to fall in the futurist trap of thinking that just because money is inapplicable in space that these costs are irrelevant , but it 's just not the case . 
  these costs represent the difficulty of having a set of human beings perform the needed labor to extract , refine , and shape the materials . 
  to build a spacecraft of any sort , you need a wide variety of precision manufacturing capabilities . 
  each of the pieces of equipment needed ( metal rollers , wire drawers , smelters ) has a mass and power cost associated with it . 
  all of that has to be shipped from earth . 
  making an actual spaceship from lunar regolith is , frankly , silly . 
  the materials just are n't there , atomically speaking . 
  you will never make a gasket when it is impossible to make polymers . 
  similarly , computers and electronics are impossible . 
  what about the moon as a refueling station ? 
  well , it 's 4.1 km/s delta-v from leo to lunar orbit . 
  that 's the same cost as a trip to mars , so why not dispense with all of this machinery , the power supply , the tanker that performs the refueling , and the life support and other infrastructure of probably having a permanent manned base on the moon , and just ship up fuel from earth ? 
  there 's a reason why futurists rely on helium-3 trickery in order to fool people into believing in lunar bases . 
  using it for manufacture of spacecraft or for fuel just ca n't get traction with respectable people . 
  other than the fact that much of our industrial system requires materials that simply do n't exist on the moon , what exactly does that get us ? 
  a launching-off pad to a bunch of other desolate rocks that are all more inhospitable than antarctica ? 
  thanks for admitting that you are opposed to ttip regardless of its content , and that the lack of openness of negotiations is a red herring meant to distract from your actual position . 
   i keep an open mind  why does it even need to be leaked ? 
  it should be open . 
  you refuse to understand or accept basic principles of trade agreements , so the openness of your mind is in question . 
  it 's probably better if you just admit that you 're a populist who refuses to pay attention to anything that fails to conform to your personal definition of common sense . 
   putin 's government and control wo n't go away any time soon , 20 years from now , putin will die of old age . 
  by then , russia will have no democratic institutions and thus no way to have a stable transition to a new leader . 
  if russia can be made even poorer by then , the polity centered on moscow will be smaller than finland . 
  if putin 's successor wants to have a hideous north korea-like dystopia , so be it . 
  by forcing russia to spend more money ( and political capital ) on this war , we can hasten the collapse of the putin regime . 
  chechnya and dagestan will become independent . 
  belarus will become truly independent and eventually join nato . 
  siberia might even become a ( rich ) country . 
  just because you used a wikipedia link does n't mean your statement is any more than a personal attack , rather than a legitimate argument . 
  if you 'd like to argue that islam is fundamentally less capable of coexisting with modern civilization than other religions , please do so . 
  your preference to default to personal insults pulled from conspiracy nut phrasing means that no normal people will agree with you . 
   employer mafias . 
  the purpose of the finnish government is to further the interests of the finnish people , not to appease a scapegoat you hallucinated in a fever dream . 
  while basic income has been insufficiently demonstrated to consider implementing on a large scale , there is legitimate interest in determining how much utility it may actually have . 
  it 's hypocritical to say that ttip is bad because you ca n't get any information about it , and then reject information about it on the basis that the source is too legitimate . 
   if usa loses greece and turkey from nato that is a fine way for europe to destroy one of the usa 's best contributions to europe . 
  correct , but you 're thinking in terms that european leaders might not . 
  lithuania , the other baltic countries , and poland appreciate nato , because it is beneficial to them . 
  france and germany do n't benefit from effective confrontation with russia , and those are the countries that unfortunately set europe 's direction . 
  nato falling apart will eventually cause them harm , but in the short term giving putin free reign keeps the gas flowing . 
   i really think robert kagan ( victoria nuland 's hubby ) called it when he writes in paradise and power that the usa sees the world as threats ( because it is strong ) and eu sees the world as opportunities/lawful behavior ( because it is weak ) . 
  nice recommendation . 
  i 'll be sure to check it out . 
   deal with that phrasing obfuscates the problem . 
  turkey is politically volatile and vulnerable to being split off of the nato alliance . 
  putin is eager to achieve that , since fracturing nato will help him greatly , even if turkey ca n't explicitly be made into a russian client . 
  as distasteful as it is to see the kurds flounder , we must measure our desire for a stable iraq against our need to keep turkey in the fold . 
  under our state department 's incompetent leadership of secretary clinton , we could not satisfy all parties , but secretary kerry 's `` functioning federalism '' strategy for iraq has a great deal of potential for success . 
  why would david cameron have unique insight into the inner thoughts of british muslims ? 
  or we can just keep doing what we 're doing , and never have to face an actual hot war with russia . 
  once putin 's language-based supernationalism runs its course , novgorod will be applying for nato membership . 
  can confirm , our insurance policies often contraindicate such behavior . 
  cashiers are not to put themselves at physical risk by confronting thieves . 
  the risk of injury outweighs the value of the stolen product . 
  putin 's not crazy enough to invade a nato member . 
  that 's the entire point of the alliance . 
  deterrence leads to peace . 
   how about latgale in latvia , or narva in estonia ? 
  suppose you join and then putin cooks up a false flag to green-man invade the mostly russophone narva . 
  this has n't happened precisely because putin knows he 'll get roflstomped by nato . 
  your example is an example of the defense pact working . 
  perhaps being called out on hypocrisy by redditors does n't factor very heavily in their calculus . 
  the moroccan government has the wisdom to use migration as a bargaining tool , while not burdening their people with non-working refugees . 
  playing both sides seems to make a lot of sense . 
  regardless of how ` weird ' these policies may seem , they appear to be effective . 
  time will tell if such methods are superior to what other societies do . 
  i dunno , the italian people seem [ pretty happy ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03324/migrants-italy_3324897b.jpg ) about the current state of affairs . 
   bees even [ environmentalists ] ( http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/27446-did-gmo-corn-really-kill-all-those-bees-in-canada ) are starting to admit that their childish association between ccd and gmos was in error . 
  of course , legitimate science now points to the varroa mite rather than neonicotinoids , but the connection between bee deaths and gmos is nil anyway . 
   superweeds [ thoroughly debunked .
