  we already have factories making farm equipment . 
  we have scientists perfecting the seeds we use . 
  companies and charity organizations are keen on helping struggling societies build up their irrigation and other infrastructure . 
  success was already possible for the 1st world , so why should it be unachievable for others ? 
  we have an obesity epidemic in the 1st world , along with low or non-existent population growth . 
  producing enough food is possible , even with high population densities . 
  3rd world farmers have low productivity , and non-agriculture workers have such low productivity that they are unable to buy food . 
  with better infrastructure and technology ( including improved seeds ) this problem can be solved . 
  there is nothing fundamental about the cultures or soils that prevents these societies from having the same level of prosperity as the rest of us . 
  the distribution fantasies of environmentalists are a distraction . 
  they want to change our economic system and have the 3rd world poor be dependent on us for charity forever . 
  you claim that people who disagree with you are delusional , but your position is such that you are unwilling to explain it ? 
  how is it that migrants are bad for sweden in the long run ? 
  they have to make it into europe proper before they can really be expected to adhere to european customs . 
   unless you are anti-gmo , why would you have a problem with that ? 
  [ still not even true ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/march/tradoc_153266.pdf ) . 
  anti-gmo ideology , being important to europeans in maintaining high food costs and therefore a lower level of overall prosperity , will be protected by ttip . 
  downvotes are good , because they demonstrate that the anti-ttip agitators ca n't form a coherent argument against it . 
  their position is revealed as naked populism . 
  benefiting as much as possible from comparative advantage is good policy in or out of capitalism . 
  the [ scientific consensus ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_0dfr9yjndclh17m ) is clear on this issue , just like evolution or climate change . 
  free trade means that tariffs will be eliminated except in special cases . 
  this means that exporters will have increased business ( and export-oriented jobs pay more than other jobs ) , and that imported goods will be cheaper . 
  you know that antisemitism refers specifically to jews and that avoiding discussion by relying on semantics does n't convince anyone , right ? 
  you mean , what guarantees that they 'll know their own ethnicity ? 
  the notion that democracies can have votes split based on ideology is frankly silly , and immigration will help bring that lie to light . 
  democracy , in the long run , has votes and parties split according to demographics , as is currently done in the arab world . 
  higher birth rates directly lead to more votes . 
  the way to succeed in democracy is not to argue positions or principles ( as is currently done by the natives ) , but by producing more children and killing off minorities . 
  european secularism results in an inability to maintain a coherent immigration policy , and so is unsustainable . 
  it is also incompatible with democracy , since it results in low birth rates . 
  if you 'd like to disagree with what i 've said , feel free to do so ( such is your right , according to current european values ) . 
  apparent saudi hypocrisy in the face of this refugee crisis fails to withstand a critical examination in which the benefits and costs to the societies that receive refugees are properly accounted for . 
  saudi arabia is already majority arab , and therefore can not benefit as much from demographic improvements as germany can . 
  it is also majority muslim , and has no need for additional muslim immigrants for the sake of religious improvement . 
  why should funding of religions be restricted based on which plot of land the funders happen to have been born on ? 
  the mosques will actually happen , though , because there is not a mechanism for explicitly suppressing religious freedom in germany . 
  more , obviously . 
  the culture of native europeans has to select between self-destructive multiculturalism and neo-nazi xenophobia . 
  improving it through reforms could be good , but in this case it is n't even necessary to reform , since migrants can simply replace the natives . 
  european society currently values democracy , in which a group can gain political power simply by having high birth rates and immigration . 
  it speaks to the worthiness of arab culture that they are able to maintain their own societies . 
  european natives can not even consider such an effort without falling into deviant neo-nazi ideology . 
  once europe has been improved by arab migration , europeans will hopefully be able to achieve the same level of culture . 
  higher population growth is superior when your neighbors are afflicted with democratic institutions , because demographic superiority is all that these systems require in order to achieve dominance . 
  in this way , the syrian people can expand their nation . 
   europe urgently needs a higher birth rate . 
  for what ? 
  there are plenty of people immigrating , in order to solve europe 's demographic crisis . 
  do you have special knowledge that lets you uniquely know that fusion will never be feasible ? 
  the eu falling apart does not imply a cold war . 
  western europe is already completely incapable militarily anyway . 
  these demographic reforms will lead inevitably to cultural and then legal reforms . 
  the natives have produced many interesting ( and to my mind worthy of imitation ) cultural traits such as democracy , secularism and tolerance of ethnic and sexual minorities , but they have failed to produce a viable civilization . 
  under what basis should europe as it currently is be preserved ? 
  being able to produce energy cleanly and cheaply leads to people accepting industrialization as a worthy and sustainable set of affairs . 
  that 's a pretty long time , considering that [ environmentalists ] ( http://www.zdnet.com/article/the-french-protest-an-experimental-nuclear-fusion-project/ ) will be trying to shut it down . 
  eventually they 'll succeed , and french scientists will have to go elsewhere if they want to contribute to the advancement of energy production . 
  it does , though . 
  the us already has a strained relationship with the eu . 
  mutual defense with the baltic states , unencumbered by western europe 's shenanigans , is in our interests . 
  mass murder against civilians is inconsistent with european values ( for the time being ) . 
  you disagree with speech limitation laws , therefore you are racist . 
  the ukrainians have managed to refrain from shooting down airliners , so they are given somewhat more leeway than the invaders . 
  believing that rt propaganda is no worse than inaccuracies from legitimate media means that they 've already thoroughly deceived you . 
  just because there are no gm olives now does n't mean that there never will be . 
  olives are facing a problem very similar to what papaya had , and scientists ( not in greece of course , but in switzerland or the us ) , using transgenic techniques , could subject greece to a set of physical circumstances in which the loss of 12 % of greek jobs ( their agricultural sector ) would no longer be possible . 
  being a superpower means favorable trade agreements , and having a superpower in place means world stability and growth . 
  our trade relationship with poland and the baltic states is dependent on their prosperity , which evaporates as soon as an emboldened russia invades due to a lack of deterrent . 
  if the bosphorus strait shuts down then that does serious harm to the american economy , among others . 
  this deterrence must be maintained or our trade ( and thus our economy ) will be harmed to the point that solving our problems will be unaffordable . 
  buying seeds each season has been standard practice for many crops for decades , because most farmers prefer the higher yields . 
  of course this has nothing to do with olives , which come from trees grown in a nursery and are not replaced each harvest anyway . 
  anything else you 'd like to be wrong about ? 
  preventing farmers from choosing seed companies on their own reduces their choices . 
  better hope those organic olives are immune to the xylella fastidiosa epidemic ( they are n't , but by painting themselves into a corner the greeks will have a good excuse for failure ) . 
  the russian orphanage system is as [ horrifying ] ( http://exiledonline.com/the-bleak-house-meet-the-children-of-the-solnyshko-orphanage/ ) as you might assume . 
  autarky works for north korea , so russia can definitely attain the same level of prosperity . 
  it was actually a modernization effort , in which obsolete equipment is sent back to the states to be upgraded . 
  where 's my money ? 
  you know the whole `` we 're so crazy we 'll end the world '' schtick is an act , right ? 
  yeah , against countries like ukraine and georgia . 
  what happens when they run out of weak neighbors ? 
  the baltic states are members of the most powerful military alliance in the history of mankind . 
  belarus is already a vassal . 
  kazakhstan can seek out the protection of china , which has a rapidly modernizing military organization . 
  if the russian endgame is to conquer north korea then that 's an outcome i 'm willing to accept . 
  russia already has its fascist dictator . 
  russia also has a long way to go before its people are as poor and desperate ( and unable to make effective war against neighbors ) as those in , say , sudan . 
  a worsened economy means a lessened ability to make war . 
  russia is already neutered to the point that they will only be able to procure a dozen of their very-capable t-50 fighters , to give one example . 
  once russia is weak enough , its neighbors will be taking territory instead of losing it . 
  good news for now . 
  since putin is a health nut he 'll be in power another 20 years easily , but then what ? 
  one of the main problems of dictatorships is that there is n't a means of smoothly transitioning power to a new dictator . 
  it 's not like russia can actually pull off a north korea situation in which rule can be inherited smoothly . 
  approving gmo traits in the us is actually a very lengthy , difficult process in which multiple regulatory bodies are involved . 
  there is no room to argue ( outside of the silly conspiracy theorist worldview in which nasa is hiding crabs on mars and all governance is done via bribery ) that the public 's interests are not accounted for . 
  how would that increase the oil price ? 
  russia 's problem is well-understood to be a refinery issue .
