  ] ( http://weedcontrolfreaks.com/2013/05/superweed/ )  cross pollination most gmos are annuals , for which farmers buy new seed every season regardless . 
  it does n't even matter if cross pollination occurs ( not that there is a legitimate source indicating that it happens ) . 
  given that all of your fears are pseudoscience at best and fear-mongering from deviant ideologists at worse , are you willing to reject them ? 
  or do you not care about science after all ? 
  i appreciate the fact that many european countries have not yet gained economic independence from russia , especially when it comes to energy . 
  that does n't change the fact that the money you give them is used for violence and oppression . 
  remember , every time you buy a russian product you are indirectly supporting this regime and its activities . 
  foreign aid is how we get countries to stop sending refugees . 
  diplomatic talks are how we coordinate the use of that aid . 
  the efforts are so far not effective in this case , but that does n't mean we should stop trying . 
   you have to rebuy the seeds every year nobody buys olive seeds each year , because it takes multiple years before the tree produces olives . 
  ( orchardists do n't buy seeds anyway , but that 's beside the point )  adding an enormous additional fixed cost for small farmers . 
  you know that farmers have a choice of who they get their seeds from , right ? 
  they are n't idiots who are unable to do basic accounting . 
   now this may work well in gigantic markets like the us , the papaya market is n't all that big in the us . 
  and our produce is n't ` mediocre ' - the rainbow papaya has the same quality as traditional varieties . 
  technology saved that industry , and it wo n't save the italian olive industry because you have to get that gene from a grape , meaning that it is a forbidden technology that people like you will throw a bunch of falsehoods and irrelevancies at in order to spread fud . 
  the best part is that the majority of anti-gmo activity in hawaii ( where we make our papaya ) ignores the rainbow papaya . 
  once the science is necessary economically , it is no longer opposed . 
  however , deployment of new technology takes time . 
  olive trees take years before they 're productive . 
  furthermore , even though olives are pretty genetically diverse , none are resistant to ` ebola ' ( xylella fastidiosa ) . 
  that means we need a difficult transgenic solution . 
  it may already be too late , and ironically this luddism that was based on trade protectionism may have the reverse effect of making italy an olive importer . 
  it reminds me of the ringspot virus , which laid waste to my country 's papaya industry . 
  unfortunately , italy is in the grip of an anti-science ideology that may not allow for implementation of the solutions to this problem . 
  we finally found atlantis !, 
  `` it was a ukrainian drone that was left over from when they were allies with us . '', 
  if macedonia joins nato , it will be safe from foreign invasion . 
  this safety will make it more attractive for economic development . 
  the macedonians will be able to produce more goods and be able to trade more with us . 
  pretty sad that putin is such a petty dictator that he ca n't even afford a full statue . 
  calling them true finns makes them sound more racist , though . 
  that 's an important part of de-legitimatizing the party now that beating them at the polls is too hard . 
  what were their reddit usernames ? 
  what 's stopping you from changing the platform of an existing mainstream party ? 
  really , you make it sound like german culture is incompatible with modern democracy . 
  with the level of prosperity you 've achieved , that is probably not the case . 
  europeans are always free to vote in new leadership if they are unsatisfied with current immigration policy . 
  a radical fringe that thinks the only solution is piracy will be treated like the criminals they are . 
  they also have a [ very capable computer guy ] ( http://nypost.com/2015/05/03/a-paltry-50k-reward-for-the-goebbels-of-isis/ ) . 
  the terrorist attack was averted because of the actions of an intelligence system you are opposed to for ideological reasons . 
  do you believe that the timing of the terrorist attack intentionally coincided with your present opposition to the same system used to avert it ? 
  you should just come out and say explicitly that you believe that all terrorist attacks are false flags , so that it is easier to make fun of you . 
  if you do n't want white people to be a part of your movement , many of them will find somebody else who welcomes them . 
  that 's how vladimir putin feels * every day * . 
  what an amazing life . 
  do you have any particular reason supporting this statement ? 
  i like how according to russian logic it 's ok to exterminate people as long as an excuse can be manufactured to legitimize it . 
  it does n't matter what the majority is . 
  it only matters which group is willing to kill the other . 
  we take our religious freedom principle very seriously . 
  islam is better than nazism because children are taught islam from birth instead of discovering it when they 're teenagers , and because hitler was n't visited by an angel in a dream . 
  nato is the [ other ` only ' option ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&amp;objectid=11418955 ) . 
  stalin 's comments about a single-party communist system do not relate to electronic voting . 
  how so ? 
  is democracy only sustainable when voting is difficult ? 
  treating other people badly is how they get russian majorities in places , which they can later use as an excuse to invade . 
  that 's an amusing fantasy , but china has no expansionistic inclinations at all . 
  siberia might easily end up under china 's thumb , but the communist party is not interested in waging a war of conquest . 
  these are people who understand that invasion and ethnic cleansing will not be tolerated by the world community . 
  siberia is going to be a very wealthy country once it splits off of moscow . 
  this kind of suffering is the motivation that leads to that success . 
  some percentage of radicalization occurs at front national meetings , too . 
  to be fair , putin 's policy of controlled opposition means that he 's among the most liberal politicians still alive in russia . 
  i do n't agree with their ideology , but i have to respect their honesty . 
   it 's not a good environment for the moderate and liberal people to have any chance to grab the presidency . 
  it 's unlikely to be a good environment ~ 20 years from now when putin 's age limits his ability to hold the throne , either . 
  it has an actual meaning , despite the efforts of low-quality internet people to use it to mean anything they do n't like . 
  please indicate which word you believe has been misspelled . 
  it 's not an issue of capitalism , but of democracy . 
  swiss voters want their leaders to look after swiss interests . 
  ukraine is too poor to be a valued trading partner , so selling weapons to russia is deemed to be a better option . 
  a longer-term view would hold that lifting ukraine up and helping them be a good trading partner would lead to greater wealth in the long run , but that does not apply to switzerland in this case . 
  til arab spring was an american project . 
  what duty does a swiss official ( elected by swiss citizens ) have to ukraine ? 
  yes , this view is reprehensible from a human perspective , but the fact remains that there is money to be made . 
  and it 's not as if these weapons are the deciding factor in the conflict - russia is going through a warmongering phase , and the war will go on as long as it pleases putin . 
   what good comes from selling military equipment to both sides in a conflict ? 
  it 's my understanding that goods and services can be exchanged for money , which in turn can be used to get other goods and services . 
  in polish society , it is traditional for the man to pay for the abortion . 
  just like how it is in restaurants in many parts of the world . 
  correct . 
  religions have no content whatsoever , and are ultimately just an arbitrary set of symbols . 
  as such , religion has no effect on a person 's behavior or beliefs . 
  acquiring some downed pilots could be useful for prisoner exchanges , though . 
  please give me the proper name to call people who think that the bilderbergers are secretly writing trade agreements ( that are somehow good when they 've between only european countries , but are bad when they involve non-european countries ) . 
  at least you 're honest about not caring about the actual content of the deal . 
  i wish more ttip opponents would stop pretending that they think the deal 's content is more problematic than their conspiracy theories . 
  isis will at least take prisoners with the intent of ransoming them back . 
  fsa kills prisoners on sight , with no intention of preserving anyone 's lives . 
  fsa are n't any better than isis , with the added issue that the us is openly funding these terrorists . 
  that 's different , because they claim that their point of view was given to them by a supernatural being that inspired their ideology 's founder in a dream . 
  hence , their position is not only acceptable , but must be encouraged . 
  not shooting downed pilots is one of the basic principles of civilized war . 
  that turks are unwilling to meet even these basic standards indicates that their presence in nato is harmful to the alliance as a whole . 
  having sex with someone who is unable to consent is always rape , unless you 'd like to introduce some set of convenient exceptions that allow people to rape with impunity . 
  so if i get drunk , it 's ok for me to rape people ? 
  maybe it should be explained better how shutting down porn and piracy sites furthers the cause of suppressing and defeating terrorists . 
   probably not , obviously the electorate is mostly anti gay rights .
