what ? 
  but i thought estonian roads were horrible , did n't notice a huge difference when going to jurmala . 
   but yhe roads in tallinn ... * shudder *, 
  if estonia was in the joke , we 'd sit in silence with a resting bitch face and finally , when everyone starts to leave , we 'd say that the joke was ` normal ' . 
  we 're used to not being included anyway . 
  but estonia is nordic !, 
  same in estonia !, 
  we 're even further north , so our climate is even worse and all new roads are broken in a year . 
  actually , makeup can fix facrs , but not bodies . 
  also , most models have to have special faces , not ` average pretty ' faces , becauae something different really intrigues one 's attention . 
   have sex with some of their piers wow , does everyone own a pier there ? 
  and how exactly do you go about having sex with a concrete block on a sea ? 
  estonia 's costume is also only specific to a tiny part of our tiny land ( i think it 's a mulgi coat/suit ) , but it 's still an estonian traditional thing and quite recognisable . 
  same with lederhosen - they 're german , people will recognise them as german , so it works . 
  yes , came here to say kohuke . 
  i live in the netherlands , but whenever my mum comes here from estonia , she bring almost a suitcase full of these and i keep them in the fridge to be eaten all the time . 
  they 're so delicious . 
  creamy filling with a jam centre + chocolate all over , mmmm ... kama is an amazing summer food ( well , it can be drunk as a smoothie or so , or eaten with a spoon like yoghurt ) and keefir is also good on its own . 
  we estonians have a thing for dairy products gone bad and sour , i guess ... 
  in estonian slang it means `` whatever '' !, 
  that 's a very popular dish though , is n't it ? 
  estland not eastern europe !!, 
  eesti of strong nordic blood !!, 
  yes , this . 
  pretty much estonians know what they know about the soviet union through their parents and own experiences , mostly . 
  studying it at school you mostly learn the politicak side , at least i did when i was still in school in estonia , but what life was really like , that you learn from the people that have been there and gone through it . 
  germany , closest soulmates in the netherlands ... 
  it 's funny , because i live in the netherlands . 
  thanks !, 
  placeholder comment , currently on mobile and can not see map . 
  [ easter eggs decorated by boiling them with onion peels ] ( http://tiinnaa.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/picture-001.jpg ) that we knock together to find `` the strongest egg '' , but people also make pasha . 
  easter is n't too big here though . 
  haha `` only two million '' , that 's cute , we only have a million . 
  but yeah , excellent album , kamnik is adorable . 
  * j\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4rel j\u00e4\u00e4maal would be correct . 
  i 'd like to correct that `` kes kannatab , see kaua elab '' actually means `` patience is a virtue '' basically , or literally `` he who has patience will live long '' . 
   `` kannatab '' has two meanings in estonian , `` to be patient '' and `` to suffer '' . 
  estonian here , no medals . 
  ama . 
  we used to be pretty good though , being nordic , but now all the good athletes are gone . 
  `` we '' fnished second ? 
  keep in mind you 're posting in an european subreddit , not one for the usa , dude . 
  thanks !!, 
  haha , i actually live in the netherlands lol !!, 
  hope you do , and thanks . 
  oh yes , estonia can into nordic !, 
  soon , soon !, 
  i 'd say we are pretty cool . 
   you 'd certainly enjoy our forests . 
  thanks !, 
  haha no , no , i know we 're unknown and stuff so its ok , the day is n't a big thing for anyone else . 
  thank you !, 
  lots of love from us too !!, 
  yeah , in estonia our old traditions are also about the nature and some nature gods ... we 're very nature-y . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm in the netherlands for my second year after estonia 's supersnowy winters and last year 's snowy winter here , which is rare . 
  there are currently white little flowers blossoming in my garden and cherries are blooming ... 
  i 'm scared there wo n't be any snow coming , so this will be a bad winter . 
  cool !, 
  by the way , in estonian `` n\u00e4iteks '' means `` for example '' , `` an example '' would be `` n\u00e4ide '' . 
  we have !, 
  yes , estonia launched estcube !, 
  and now obviously lithuania and latvia are copying us . 
  yeah , that 's not sexist at all !, 
  good guy rimi . 
  as a sidenote , both maxima and rimi are famous in estonia as well , along with selver . 
  the toy thing sounds awesome , yay for equality in children 's toys for once !, 
  with no potato, 
  no eesti is strong nordic nation, 
  hey at least you have 2 comments for your country ... noone even realised estonia was n't there . 
  estonia - `` language is the creation of our ancestors . '', 
  well no fucking shit sherlock, 
  oh , i meant the netherlands though . 
  :d just moved here and i really do n't like the weather . 
  i do n't see the pretty autumn part . 
  it 's always monotone , grey and chilly here , i 've rarely seen the sun this autumn . 
  oh , hehe , sorry , going to correct that !, 
  typical estonians with their gibberish english . 
  well , go on and visit a nordic country then !, 
  it 's never too late . 
  hah , i beg to differ !, 
   it 's awesome how you can roll around in snow , iceskate , ski , go sledding , have an epic snowball fight with magnificent not-hard-to-build snow forts , or even jump from the roof of your house into the snow because it 's so soft and there 's so much of it ( did it last year ) . 
  wow , that many ? 
  amazing !, 
  woo , another estonian !, 
  i have to tag all the estonians on reddit , starting from matude , because there are n't many of us . 
  the snow ( a lot of it ) , darkness and big , quiet snowfall in the evening or any time , really . 
  christmas and the christmas atmosphere and feeling . 
  my birthday in january . 
  skiing and sledding . 
  stepping from the cold snow into the warmth of the house and drinking tea or eating soup and then making gingerbread . 
  it 's definitely my favourite season . 
  * her . 
  lol , i never thought anyone would comment on my ( obviously awesome ) username because noone understands it ... 
  someone finally did , yay !, 
  lucky finnish people ... 
  i love winter , and now that i moved from estonia to the netherlands , i never get to see it , really ... makes me sad . 
  i would say that about dogs . 
  half of reddit is `` dogs are lyfsavers lul da best cats suck amirite guyz ? '', 
  and pics of dogs saying '' ... it 's not a cat but he 's cuter '' and stuff like that .
