  do n't try to hide in [ your holes under ground ] ( http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%97%d0%b5%d0%bc%d0%bb%d1%8f%d0%bd%d0%ba%d0%b0 ) , sooner or later we 'll throw you right out . 
  just like our god and eternal leader hitler said , we will destroy you , we will end you . 
  no more will your impure blood be on earth . 
  but first we will destroy you economically and culturally . 
  and then , when your soul is weakened , we strike physically . 
  of course , just like last time , russia has shown it 's self hard to destroy . 
  only you , russia , bring democracy and goodness . 
  but we will destroy all good in the world . 
  but you think that 's where we stop ? 
  our overseas allies , the americans , are destroying the middle east . 
  france has started the destruction of africa . 
  soon we will strike . 
  then the asians , until we secure our absolute domination of the world . 
  and we would have succeeded if it were n't for you , / u/babywookie . 
  you figured our plan for aryan dominance . 
  now we have to call in the secret all-aryan club , where of course , ever single person participates and we plan the total devastation of everyone . 
  now excuse me while i go pray to satan and masturbate to pictures of our overlord , adolf hitler . 
  because as we all know , homosexuality is how we try to get your children . 
  yes , our homosexual propaganda strikes first . 
   all who survived the war more like : everyone who was n't destroyed in the war . 
  sounds more epic . 
  thanks reddit , this song 's in my head for the rest of the day . 
  i 'm not from veneto but still a northener and close enough anyway . 
  veneto is not splitting . 
  there was a time in the 1990 's when the lega nord ( a party that wanted secession for northern italy ) was very very strong and they did n't manage to secede shit . 
  i doubt that a couple of `` activists '' will achieve anything . 
  as a matter of fact i do n't even know * anyone * who wants his region/the north of the country to become independent . 
  europe is walking towards becoming more and more united . 
  with all the laws on immigration within eu countries , free movement , free trade and all becoming your own country will pretty much only mean limiting your national sports teams . 
  on the other hand what many north italians seem to want is some type of taxing division . 
  something similar to the federal system of the us . 
  the reason for that is that the north 's input into the government is positive , meaning that the north gives more money to italy as a whole , while the south creates much less money than it needs . 
  so what you get is literally northern italians ' taxes paying for local problems of southern italy while this limits the north 's industry because much more money from the north can go in the north for investment and they do n't because they go to the south . 
  why not ? 
  not like there 's a huge difference . 
  wow . 
  somebody needs to shoot that guy . 
  they are italians . 
  we 'll just sell southern italy to spain or something and they 'll want to join :d, 
   erdogan and other muslim icons am i missing out on something here ? 
  erdogan is a muslims icon ? 
  as a person who has live in eastern europe i can confirm . 
  smiling in public is weird and people might even think you 're mocking them . 
  having that said , as an italian , i 'd say that smiling randomly in the streets is n't completely acceptable here either . 
  people will give you a weird look . 
  i 'd trade it for canton ticino and the canton grigioni . 
  and for a fair amount of money since sardinia is bigger than both of those and switzerland needs some sea . 
  something along the lines of a trillion . 
  a man can dream . 
  i am always disappointed when i see a biking stat and how low italy scores because : especially is smaller towns , everyone is on a bike . 
  especially old people and kids . 
  but a lot of people of any age really . 
  everywhere you go , there 's nearly always a place to put your bike , and it 's always full of bikes . 
  i 'd guess this stat looks like that because nobody would call a bike their main form of transport . 
  i use a bike quite often , more often than a car but i still would n't call it my main form of transport . 
  also if this survey was carried in a metro ares ( milan , rome , naples ^ where ^ someone ^ will ^ ^ ^ steal ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ bike ) i see why people would n't be biking too much because of the traffic and all . 
  russia has the a-bomb but if war starts nobody will use it . 
  like chemical weapons in ww1 . 
  this is the kind of weapon you use if you 're the only one who has it , otherwise you will be delivered the same blow , and we 're talking about a weapon that can end the world . 
  nobody 's gon na use that . 
  not to mention all the defenses and shields there are against a-bombs . 
   finally , i do n't understand what military spending has to do with immigration this :  could n't you somehow make them take the unwanted fellas back sounded much like : threaten them with war if they refuse to take back their citizens . 
  democracy and human rights will be a fun excuse . 
  it would be really interesting to see italy lead some kind of war again . 
  last time it was miserable . 
  interesting . 
  in italy `` how are you ? 
  is rarely used with people you do n't know . 
  when you ask that question people actually reply how they feel . 
  a much better conversation starter is `` how 's it going ? 
  '' ( come va ? ), 
  at which the answer is `` good and you ? '', 
  it 's weird because the questions are nearly the same thing but the response is different . 
   the men had been working in libya . 
  when they asked to be paid , they say , their employer forced them onto a rickety vessel headed for italy where they landed in october . 
  you know , sometimes when it comes to immigrants , and this is not only illegals but nearly everyone i 've ever talked to . 
  they just make up the stupidest excuses and they look at you as if they have managed to deceive you . 
  they remind me of my 3 year old nephew who keeps claiming that the dog must have eaten the ice cream from the refrigerator . 
  all my simpaties to them and the horrible conditions they get but they immigrated illegally . 
  illegal actions are what defines criminals and those criminals are treated as such . 
  it also pains me to see how mr.chaouki , obviously an immigrant in his soul has infiltrated the system and is working not for italians , but for people like himself or his parents . 
  but i agree the system is too damn complicated . 
  if it were me i 'd just catch them while at sea and escort them back to the closest african shore . 
  it would appear that you have misunderstood me . 
  this sentence :  to people who do n't wan na have kids i only have one question . 
  was there so that i could address an imaginary person who refuses to have children . 
  no you directly, 
  well it is a good start . 
  the government must provide whatever is in it 's power to make the conditions better not only in that aspect . 
  people , however , have free will and can do as they desire . 
  to people who do n't wan na have kids i only have one question . 
  i understand you want to keep your lifestyle . 
  until when ? 
  until you 're 40 ? 
  and then what ? 
  then your life is just a waste . 
  not only will you be one more stomach to feed when you 're old but also you will not have helped the future generation by adding to it . 
  oh well , free will is crucial and cheers to that . 
  i wish you good luck . 
  true .
