  and this is where illegal immigrants come into play . 
  the favors i pay for taxes should be beneficial to me . 
  i hope you understand that . 
  the moment the government spends money on an immigrant , this no longer benefits me-it does the opposite . 
  they take my money in exchange for no favor . 
  any money you give and do n't get anything back is charity . 
  basically , the government giving my money to immigrants , means the government is starting a charity on my name without my approval , therefore braking the trust circle government-citizen . 
  simply put , this is theft i did n't sign up for . 
   how is accepting immigrants destroying the idea of our country ? 
  because it is braking the social contract . 
  it is no longer beneficial for me . 
  without that social contract the country is an useless entity . 
  simple as that . 
  as for people coming here . 
  thankfully italy is not one of the counties lacking brain resource . 
  we are one of the few western countries who have enough doctors for example . 
  combined with unemployment we are a country that is currently in zero need of immigration . 
  also , i know a romanian who finished law school in romania but if he stays there his salary , for the same education , will be half of the salary he 'll get in italy for the same thing . 
  so that 's a reason to come . 
  but that is a little off topic . 
  again , economically and socially illegal immigrants are a burden and you ca n't deny that without sounding stupid . 
  no offense . 
  i know a few immigrants , i have the honor to call some of them my friends although those who are my friends are all eastern european immigrants . 
  i know a guy from morocco . 
  he sells stuff on the streets . 
  he does n't pay taxes . 
  he and other 7 immigrants live in an apartment like savages . 
  he sends all of his money to his family in morocco . 
  he 's also not a bad person . 
  he is not a bad person , but he is a person without whom italy would be a better place . 
  he 's a good guy but he 's a social parasite . 
  and that 's that . 
  we have to think of our interests as a nation . 
  you 're a lombard . 
  you know italy has a hard time being a nation . 
  a venetian and a sicillian are people from two different worlds . 
  putting more in the mix ca n't bring any good . 
  well saying kebab is just as good as any food from italy is just ridiculous but whatever . 
  i am not proud that my grandma takes a pension of 1000 euros or so while a bunch of free loaders take the money i pay for taxes . 
  italy was established for italians . 
  it 's the land of italians . 
  why are countries created ? 
  let 's talk about rousseau 's social contract . 
  the citizens of a country give away their freedom and money so a government can provide for their needs and defend them . 
  basically , a country is a structure that is there for the sole reason to serve the interests of it 's people , to keep the people save , and those people 's culture alive and well . 
  giving social benefits to immigrants is completely illogical . 
  it it not beneficial for the italian people . 
  no , it takes away their money and gives it to others . 
  it also introduces crime , thus is not defending those citizens physically . 
  so , accepting illegal immigration is absolutely against the social contract and pretty much defeats the reason of there being a country in the first place . 
  europe is also providing for a form of social contract but this time for a whole continent . 
  so we can all benefit . 
  in the end everything is economy . 
  germany helps greece , so in time greece can help germany and make them money and vice-versa . 
  it is irrelevant as it is an economic relationship that benefits all . 
  illegal immigration only benefits illegal immigrants . 
  it is betraying the interests of italian people . 
  simple as that . 
  why would we accept that challenge ? 
  they come here , they are the ones who should either integrate or leave . 
  note that we are talking about illegal immigration , not all immigration . 
  legal immigration ( unless the laws are stupid like in sweden ) is good for the country and helps the italians as well as the immigrants . 
  if you are highly skilled and a good contribution to italy , you 're welcome . 
  if not , your place is not here . 
  in conclusion : accepting illegal immigrants is betraying the interests of the italian people , it is ignoring the simple laws of economics and it is overall horrible for the local culture . 
  it defeats the purpose of there being an italy and not a bunch of villages on a peninsula in the first place . 
  i understand that you 're young and liberal . 
  you believe in equal chance and you live in an utopia where multicultural society is super awesome but that is not the real world . 
  we 'll do better than bush . 
  i do n't see what you buy at a pakistani shop , why you eat kebab that 's bad for you and having mosques which propagate islam which is overall the most backwards religion . 
  but whatever . 
  let 's make an economic example . 
  let 's assume i make 2500 euros a month . 
  as you probably know in italy it 's pretty acceptable that the state takes about 1000 of these euros from me via taxes . 
  now , an immigrant costs the state around the 30 euros a month . 
  further you can make the very very simple calculations how much illegal immigrants eat from my money . 
  so i pay for these people . 
  but is that the only problem ? 
  no , of course not . 
  it is an accepted fact that immigrants , wherever they go , wherever from , bring crime to the country . 
  europeans are n't an exception . 
  italians and irish people brought crime in the us in the beginning of the last century . 
  so this is what immigrants are doing now . 
  so if that is not reason enough to stop illegal immigration , i do n't know what is . 
  as for being lucky-the success of european countries has nothing to do with luck . 
  it 's a lot of hard work over many centuries . 
  you are not lucky to live in a nice country . 
  you ancestors worked hard for it . 
  as for your kebab-if we stop illegal immigration you 'll still have it . 
  legal immigrants should cover for that . 
  no , it 's a peace keeping mission . 
  look , i feel all the compassion for the immigrants . 
  it sucks that their countries suck . 
  but the thing is that this is not our problem and we do n't owe them anything . 
  are their needs ahead of the needs of italian people ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  again , sucks for them but it 's their happiness against ours . 
  such is life and we should all cope with what things are . 
  the world is n't fair . 
  shocker .
