  and if the rest of europe is good allies , catalonia should be completely isolated and embargoed . 
  not that i support either side , i 'm just saying what good allies would do . 
  an order is an order . 
  it has to be followed , otherwise no discipline . 
  no discipline , no army/police force . 
  there is a simple concept in law . 
  you can not sue someone for something they did before it was a crime . 
  from what i understand what these people were doing was not crime-they were following orders . 
  no surprises here . 
  i called bullshit on this . 
  also , as an italian , i have to say that the fuss about this in / r/europe was probably bigger than in italy its self . 
  but i have to admit that seems to be a pretty cool [ `` tank '' ] ( http://images.derstandard.at/2014/04/03/1395414291317-casale-di-scodosia.jpg ) . 
  the fat guy on top of it is like the magnum opus of everything . 
  and although this is a cool ride i 'd totally go on a date with i do n't understand what they were planning to do with it . 
  were they thinking the rest of italy would wage war on them and they 'd defend from actual tanks with this thing ? 
  another surprising thing ... some farmer actually gave his bulldozer for this ? 
  sorry mate ca n't hear you over 4 world cups . 
  actually , the padana valley apart , italy is mostly mountains . 
  the alps to the north but the apennines are also respectable mountains that go in the whole peninsula . 
  should work . 
  ^ yay !, 
  whatever you do , wherever you go , the scandinavians will always be better than you . 
  yes , much closer to allies though . 
  what new government ? 
  seriously guys , i need some explanation to all this . 
  i understand it 's the first of april but please , i want some damn logic !, 
  i know right ... what the fuck is going on ? 
  someone explain please !, 
  did not have the right to stay in buildings the government is providing as welfare . 
  they are not being expelled , they are being denied the benefit of government housing . 
  because they are n't expelling them . 
  they 're denying them benefits . 
  read the article . 
  thank god polan is here to protect us ^ and ^ ^ wash ^ ^ our ^ ^ bathrooms . 
  well scandinavian countries today would n't be what they are without viking culture . 
  they are european countries therefore viking culture is also european . 
  thus it is a part of the bigger whole . 
  i have not lived in every single european country , no . 
  that does n't change anything though . 
  even if we are to assume there is a huge difference ( with which i disagree ) finland and spain would be more different than finland and russia . 
  so russia falls within the boundaries of europe . 
  i see what you mean but to me there are three main points that define `` european '' . 
  1 ) has land in europe . 
  2 ) has european culture 3 ) has european blood . 
  i understand that white people can be very different but they all share a lot of common dna which is also a factor . 
  that is why i mentioned being white . 
  i think our opinions are fundamentally different . 
  when you think of european culture you think about greeks and romans as it 's father . 
  but europe is much more colorful . 
  vikings , slavs , germans , britons and other are a bunch of different cultures that have delivered their influence on forming europe . 
  by that sense i consider all of the above to be part of european culture and the russians along with them . 
  we can not say soviet architecture is unique , yes , but it was what was pragmatical and cheap at the time , although other countries adopted it . 
  i think this is our major disagreement . 
  i would consider russian culture as part of european culture simply because it is . 
  you seem to disagree . 
  but in my opinion you have a rather poor idea of what europe actually is . 
  yes the west and east have their differences but we are overall the same people . 
  i am somewhat well traveled and it has come to my attention that the biggest culture shock from spain to russia is how tiny and irrelevant the culture shocks are . 
  as for your edit . 
  i do n't think biologically dividing people who carry different genetic material is an american way of seeing things : it is moreso the scientist 's way of seeing things and among with the cultural factor there is also the biological one we have to consider . 
  orthodox people are about as much as protestants and maybe catholics . 
  they are the 3 directions in which the church went . 
  just because they were against each other does n't mean that one is less european . 
  the catholics and the protestants also were against each other . 
  just like with religion , there are 3 major groups of languages-germanic , latin and slavic . 
  just like with religion you are somehow excluding the slavic part . 
  why ? 
  what is it that makes germanic protestants more european than slavic orthodox ? 
  i am left more and more with the idea that you think only western europe is europe . 
  older palaces etc. 
  in russia are in european style and if you mean the soviet buildings-no big deal , it 's still european architecture-just eastern european . 
  russia has many scientific achievements which are attributed to western civilization because they essentially are western . 
  religious spheres - christianity . 
  again , why do you exclude orthodox christianity ? 
  what makes protestant christianity more european than orthodox christianity ? 
  much of eastern europe was touched by the mongols , and the balkans and the iberian peninsula were influenced by turks and arabs . 
  does that make spanish or greek people less european ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  are vikings african ? 
  paganism is just as european as christianity ( if not more ) . 
  vikings presented a part of european culture . 
  it would appear that you only consider france , germany and italy european countries . 
  do n't make this about superiority . 
  i know what you 're doing-you 're just trying to say `` oh look , he 's racist his argument is invalid '' . 
  biologically europeans are white and russians are also white . 
  africans are black etc. 
  nobody said anything about superiority-rather about genetic vicinity of people . 
  in a biological category russians fall within the same borders as other europeans . 
  culture = / = laws . 
  religiously russia is christian which is something associated with europe and european culture . 
  their language is european , their architecture , their arts , their science . 
  historically russia was european and associated with europe and europeans . 
  always . 
  is was made by the moscovites who were european and it had plenty of viking influence before that . 
  russians are white people like other europeans . 
  they 've always been european . 
  they just have a huge territory is asia . 
  yes , putin is certainly the person who is the one to set geographical , economical , historical and biological boundaries . 
  he is absolutely the best source for information and the person i consider the highest authority and trust without any doubt . 
  well in exchange for that we get some non-european places like turkey or northern africa .
