  on that matter i can tell europeans from other europeans . 
  you just know if he 's french or russian . 
  but i think it 's mostly the way of dressing . 
  americans tend to dress in a horrible manner . 
  young people wear baggy clothes and old people dress like oversized toddlers . 
  facial features are n't so different ( no reason for them to be ) , but the expressions on them are . 
  americans are much more emotional than most europeans with wide smiles and being super friendly but the minute you say something they do n't like all hell brakes loose . 
  europeans are much more polite and have a bigger `` mind your own business '' attitude . 
  and you know , it 's not like all of europe is the same . 
  finland and portugal are two different worlds , so i do n't think you can really generalize like that . 
  i 'm actually surprised someone has n't mentioned nazism before my hint for it . 
  the funny thing is how the society of / r/europe seems to be mostly divided between `` let 's shoot them all '' and `` lets place our anus around their penises '' . 
  seriously people , there 's probably a good middle ground in between . 
  i 'm smelling how a certain someone is going to start to complain about jews any minute now . 
  people only change thing when they see profit in changing them . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  so there we saw what happens when business profits have to be immoral . 
  people gathered against it . 
  because of their morals . 
  the people who persuaded the business purposes still won in the end anyway . 
  the public was brainwashed into a war for oil . 
  both democracy and women 's rights affected the lives of the majority of the population in a certain country . 
  that 's why the people stuck around it fought for it-they fought to make their lives better . 
  and people are selfish . 
  why would the french ever rally up to defend the interests of ukrainians ? 
  in both your examples it 's people fighting for themselves . 
  women for women 's rights , poor exploited people for their own . 
  that 's not how the world work . 
  people are reluctant towards change . 
  this is n't a movie . 
  change has to be enforced . 
  nobody has even accepted change . 
  i do n't feel like talking about nationalism . 
  your second paragraph is very cute . 
  you think if we stopped selling weapons , china would too ? 
  please . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  stop trying to be all moral . 
  nobody will follow our example . 
  those other citizens will never act . 
  leave the utopia and come back to earth . 
   nationalism that is being fed to europeans since when is nationalism fed to europeans ? 
  last time i checked , since the end of ww2 people in western europe have only been told to be ashamed of their heritage . 
   business  lives of non-allied people sadly , that is and has always been how the world works . 
  if the eu does n't sell someone else will . 
  you may not like how the world works but you have to get used to it . 
  instead of downvoting you i have a better idea , to ask you-why would you say that ? 
  nope . 
  sell the ship , get money . 
  i do n't think you understand how much of a wreck russia is . 
  the only thing scary about russia is it 's nukes which nobody will ever use-even hitler was n't crazy enough to use gas weapons . 
  if russia decides it is a great idea to invade any eu country they will shortly be driven out , i assure you . 
  what they are doing in ukraine-a country which is not our ally-is purely their business and should n't interfere with our business relations . 
  and again , russian economy is very very dependent on it 's exports to the eu-much more so than we are dependent on them . 
  there is literally very little to worry about . 
  being invaded by china is much more likely , but that does n't mean we should stop out business relations with them . 
  the irrational fear of russia is strong in this subreddit . 
  which country will allow this to happen ? 
  ukraine had no friends or allies . 
  he 's gon na march into the baltics ? 
  and then they 'll deploy troops and remove the tourists and there is nothing putin can do because the eu and nato will protect the interests of it 's members . 
  as an italian y' all ai n't got nothin ' on us . 
  i 'd say italy 's football hooliganism is the worst in western europe , and maybe the whole of europe . 
  sometimes people die , that kind of bad . 
  and seeing as italy is a regionally divided country the hooliganism is bigger in some areas-napoli fans tend to be the most violent closely followed by the nazi and fascist fans from roma and lazio . 
  up in the north teams like milan , inter and juventus still have hooligans but not nearly as many and not nearly as aggressive . 
  overall , it 's the situation is quite dire in italy . 
  i can suggest an italian movie which gives a mild suggestion and glances on the topic of our football hooliganism-it 's called a.c.a.b. 
  it 's a shame because i really love football and those people are ruining it . 
  because why not ? 
  russia is not in a war with france or any of france 's allies . 
  russia will never attack the eu because they know very well how hard that would hit their fragile economy . 
  the present no danger to the eu or nato . 
  meanwhile they are paying for ships and weapons . 
  so why not sell them ? 
  i really do n't understand why so many people look at problems like this through a moral lens , instead of an economic one . 
  why you ask ? 
  because france is making money without harming the interests of itsef or it 's allies . 
   particularly given the levels of sovereign debt and corruption , do you really rate italy 's national functionality ( for want of a better term ) ahead of the uk ? 
  when it comes to who contributes more to the eu , yes . 
  italy 's problems have never been an obstacle for italy to help the eu and have never created problems for other countries . 
  from what i understood it was italy and not ireland . 
  but that is irrelevant . 
  you have no idea how shitty it is ( or maybe you do ? ), 
  when you get in a conversation with a foreigner and they say `` i hope your government is spending my money wisely this time '' . 
  i always read articles that refer to italy as `` the sick man of europe '' or an useless limb , but if the eu were a body france would be the heart , germany would be the brain and we would be whatever is most important and well functioning after that . 
  even when the recession hit and italy was in the worst possible state , it was still one of the biggest contributors . 
  let 's put it this way-no matter what happened italy has always been a country to contribute to the eu and never one to take , we were n't even bailed out if i remember correctly . 
  and it 's a shame that people would still view us as a part of the pigs , since we 've always been a plus for the eu . 
  i find that highly unlikely . 
   for just under 2000 euros ... ... 
   eu officials approached him in the white heat of the emu crisis in november 2011 with a plan to overthrow silvio berlusconi , italy 's elected leader . 
  eu officials tried to overthrow berlusconi . 
  thanks , eu !, 
  his nationality is bulgarian but his ethnicity is n't . 
  a slav can not into homosex . 
  not to mention the majority of them are probably old communists who still live in the pre-1989 era and just want the good ol' times back ( and for the record bulgaria is one of those countries that was better before 1989 ) . 
  but let reddit have it 's moment . 
  to be fair , he 's not really bulgarian . 
   that 's ... that 's kinda fascist .
