  could we please vote on this ? 
  romania here it is . 
  your chance to destroy all the negative stereotypes for you . 
  a european contest . 
  everyone is watching you . 
  time to show them you 're not what they think you are !, 
  * sends gypsy vampire *, 
  i see they even saved up a small place for france in that chart , huh ? 
  burn . 
  shit . 
  i need glasses . 
  i get everything besides `` the polish crimea '' . 
  why ? 
  you know what , your username is a very very good description . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  sure , when you can get money or other benefits you 're willing to run around to change your position . 
  basically this means you 're a shit person . 
  yes , slavs are part of western civilization . 
  they are a different kind of western but still . 
  i really see nothing wrong with what i wrote . 
  it is true . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:middle_east_ ( orthographic_projection ) . svg you know what ? 
  keep telling yourself you 're european . 
  and i 'm from jupiter . 
  okay , so you 're not really part of our peninsula . 
  and joke 's on you , europeans get all the continents :p sorry mister grammar nazi . 
  be white and christian is not a good criteria since there are muslims who are european-albanians and bosnians . 
  as for being white , `` being white '' is a very very thin arguable line that is not worth the time to be taken into account . 
  how do i define culturally european ? 
  you should probably know that . 
  like turkey is middle eastern culture and then japan and china are oriental , and then there 's europe which is western . 
  i thought that would be quite clear . 
  western is just a different way of saying european . 
  okay . 
  i know a chinese person who is a cool guy . 
  if he defies himself as european , great ? 
  do n't you see how that logic is flawed ? 
  it 's not about how you feel it 's about facts . 
  fact is that turks are n't european , nothing more nothing less . 
  feelings are n't important when it comes to facts . 
  no wonder europe is becoming a huge bunch of pussies , if we let feeling stand before logic and facts . 
  what the fuck does `` i like '' mean ? 
  i like chinese culture but it sure as hell is n't european . 
  and canadian and us culture is basically different european cultures mixed together . 
  turkey is oriental . 
  it 's not about what you like , it 's about how things are . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg again , claiming europe is not truly a geographic place only makes turkey less european . 
  if we are to say europe does n't truly exist as a continent , it means that it 's more of a cultural perception . 
  and by culture the usa and canada are more european than turkey . 
  actually there is of very distinct peninsula of eurasia that is europe . 
  and if we ignore the geographical part you completely lose your case . 
  the only case turkey has with being is europe is a small geographical piece of land . 
  if we ignore that , as you are suggesting europe has no actual geographic boundaries , turkey looses it 's last case of being european because then all that defines europe is culture and you do n't have european culture . 
   i do n't know how you got that i 'm implying they should be ignored either . 
  implying ? 
  you outright said :  let 's ignore americans , canadians and aussies then . 
  i 'm not implying anything . 
  also , americans tend to get downvoted here , sadly . 
  besides if we are to agree europe is not a geographical place , i think we can agree that americans , canadians and aussies are european because of their european culture . 
  so why ignore the us , canada and australia ? 
  they are also in nato and are in my opinion much closer to being europeans than turkey ever will . 
  ukrainian refugees are n't all that bad . 
  i 'm thinking we should stick to selling weapons to both sides and making profits . 
  that 's what smart people do . 
  and we have weapons to sell . 
  damn it , 12.7 % is horrible . 
  god damn french are beating us . 
  no , i was just saying that the czechs are not the only ones who consider themselves central european . 
  except it does . 
  the mediterranean to the south , the bosphorus is the connection with asia , the ural mountains , the atlantic . 
  do i really have to explain the boundaries of europe in this subreddit ? 
  they have european territory which is larger than turkey 's . 
  i do n't consider either of them european countries but if we include turkey we must also include kazakhstan . 
  some germans i 've met also claim they are from central europe . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/child+missing.+r+polandball+malta3+reddit.com+r+polandball+comments+1ydvbh+inthekeller_68820a_5025988.png ), 
  you may want to ask germany how fascist it is to ban nazi memorabilia . 
  dat username doe . 
  yeah , those tiny pictures held by like one old person . 
  in italy we still get people who love mussolini . 
  i even know where you can buy a pillow with mussolini 's face on it completely legally . 
  however italy is not a fascist country . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but the 1st of may is work day in russia ( which is celebrated by not working ) and people parade on it because it was a rally respected holiday especially in the times of the ussr . 
  people parading on a national fest does n't mean the ussr is back . 
  talk about sensationalist titles . 
  they did n't ban mosques they 're just not paying for them with which i agree on 100 % . 
  as for taking down the flag i think it 's stupid . 
  france is part of the eu so a eu flag has place on official buildings . 
  it would appear that lately france has been having some economic problems . 
  could someone elaborate on that ? 
  the global crisis is more or less passed and france did n't appear to be as heavily damaged from it as italy or spain . 
  so why now ? 
  yeah absolutely agree . 
  they should be treated decently . 
  but making them work is pretty decent treatment . 
  i 'm not in prison and i have to work . 
  they committed a crime , and i should n't be paying for their food just like nobody pays for mine , especially if they 've committed a crime . 
  as for your opinion it is irrelevant . 
  i agree drugs should n't be heavily penalized . 
  however such is the law . 
  the law , no matter what it is must be followed .
