  and for the record it 's not like i was born in a politically stable country either :p . 
  that would be lovely but it would n't work in this century . 
  so i have a much milder solution . 
  establish military bases in north african countries , place soldiers there and stop any incoming illegal immigrants . 
  it would be marvelous if such an operation is conducted by the eu as a whole but i 'm quite certain that even if the mission is solely italian it will still cost the taxpayer less than rescuing and feeding all those * illegal * immigrants who lack any skills . 
  of course the said northern african countries will be persuaded to allow such basis to be established . 
  by threats or actual persuasive actions . 
  this will , of course be beneficial for our north african peers as we can help them develop their countries too . 
  if that fails with some individuals who manage to cross the patrols and soldiers they should probably be placed in detention centers where they will obviously have to do some work so they are n't fed by the italian taxpayer . 
  the way to leave such an establishment is saying where they are from so we can deport them . 
  of course the detention centers will be very nice , also known as prisons . 
  because criminals go to prison and being illegal immigrants these people are criminals thus they belong in prison . 
  this is not stopping . 
  it 's destroying my home . 
  and nobody takes action against it . 
   proceed to rename earth to europe joke 's on you that already happened . 
  here 's an umlaut : ** \u00dc ** . 
  use it wisely . 
  with great power comes great responsibility . 
  i think the idea of canada joining is way better than turkey joining . 
  as if it matters . 
  the guy is not a violent criminal . 
  house arrest in all his big ass villas is a pretty good fate . 
  he 's just trying to get public attention around him and seem like a good guy because he helps disabled people . 
  the important thing is to keep him out of politics . 
  i do n't care what he does as long as he is n't fucking over the country from upstairs . 
  i 'm not jelly of the culture and i never said i was . 
  i 'm jelly at how organized and nice everything up there is . 
  yeah , i 've somehow decided not to argue on russia-related topics with poles . 
  it would appear you hate them so so much . 
  i do n't think my personal opinion would be very valid in 2000 . 
  are you kidding me on ww2 ? 
  russia creates the ussr and starts propagating communism , communism which claims hat all other economic structures must be taken over by communism . 
  tension . 
  italy becomes fascist , attacks a bunch of africans , cuts a lot of trade . 
  meanwhile germany , formerly among the strongest european countries is a shithole . 
  a shithole filled with ambitious hard working people who are hungry . 
  and also a country that the other fucked over way too hard after ww2 . 
  why would you think ww2 was unlikely to happen ? 
  i give you the ussr thing but it was expected that the cold war would end eventually . 
  it just happened a little sooner than expected . 
  it was a matter of time before either capitalism or communism fails . 
  and it happened . 
  i 'm dismissing it as something that is very very unlikely . 
  everything is possible but russia invading estonia is so unlikely to happen there 's no need to worry over it . 
  yeah you 're probably right . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a honorable thing . 
  what i am saying is that if there were a referendum regarding gay marriage i 'd probably stay on reddit that day . 
  you 'd be surprised at what attitude most italians have towards gays . 
  me included . 
  i just do n't give a fuck , so no , no pride here but good for the gays . 
  i do not know why i suddenly felt the urge to bomb stockholm and turn all their joy to ashes . 
  oh wait , i know ... 
  i 'm jelly as fuck . 
  do people * seriously * think russia will attack estonia ? 
  a member of the eu , the eurozone and fucking nato . 
  i think that would work magically in italy . 
  should be done . 
  but immigrating legally is relatively easy . 
  that 's why i want to ship back all the illegal immigrants . 
  if you lack the brain and/or skill to find a way to immigrate legally you certainly have no place here . 
  what ? 
  i 'm just saying that if we scare them a little they 'll start taking the immigrants back . 
  and i did n't mean italy . 
  this is now the eu 's problem , not just italy 's . 
   getting on a boat in libya or tunisia doesnt mean they are from libya/tunisia . 
  but it does mean that 's where they came to europe from . 
  so get them back to that point and let libya/tunisia send them to wherever . 
  oh and if someone says : `` and what do we do if they do n't want them in their waters ? 
  yes . 
  not swedish but i can answer . 
  this was actually done in denmark , not in sweden . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euu6djwkoyq ), 
  they just kidnapped all the good looking brits a long time ago . 
  the guy with the red jacket has bright blue eyes and somewhat fair skin so that 's why i left him out . 
  the two guys and the girl did n't seem all that gypsy to me although their skin is somewhat dark . 
  the reason for this is that gypsies ( from my observation ) have very robust skulls unlike these people . 
  as for the kids-yes they looked pretty white to me but their conditions seemed like a place gypsies would let their kids go . 
  they would appear romanian to me but i 'm no expert . 
  okay , let my try my gypsy-dar . 
  [ gypsy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xzpj0z0.jpg ) the kids in 2 and 3 and solely there because the conditions they 're around are miserable . 
  also , this is not intended to be offensive or anything i just wonder if i guessed good . 
  sorry if you 're offended . 
  your username is amazingly relevant to your comment . 
  well , a guy who slept with 153 women is in the top 5 of my idol list . 
  i 'm sure plenty of men would agree with me . 
  but if it 's a chick ... 
  i would n't be too keen on being with her . 
  i know it 's sexist and all but it 's just how i feel about it . 
  plot twist : little did he know , the last aryan woman also raped a lot of dark-skinned people and their babies are all dark skinned . 
  i do n't see how the two are related . 
  yes , and some other parts of europe still need babysitting . 
  south america too . 
  well if catalonia plans to join italy after it 's separation , i 'm pretty sure i support the living shit out of that movement . 
   you 're making it sound like east asia needs babysitting as a matter of fact the whole world ( except europe , america and australia ) kind of needs babysitting . 
  it is amazing how much east asians hate each other ( * insert they 're all the same to me joke here * ) . 
  well ... if you put it that way ... 
  spain is our ally . 
  and someone wants to take a chunk of it 's land . 
  it is or duty to protect the interests of our ally first .
