  to truly solve this problem many social changes need to take place . 
  payed and longer maternity leave , some kind of privilege for a family with children . 
  i would personally do this : when a woman is pregnant i 'd give her , by law , 2 years of leave . 
  her salary before leaving will be cut 50 % , but she will still have 50 % of the money and her job will be there when she 's done . 
  meanwhile this same job is take by someone young and inexperienced who just graduated and is ready to face life . 
  doing that job he will get the other 50 % of the salary and gain experience . 
  that way we solve the problem with females who do n't wan na lose their job due to pregnancy and give an easy start in life for someone , thus reducing youth unemployment . 
  of course salaries need to be increased dramatically so one salary can provide a middle class life for two people . 
  what is more i would like to cut on the social welfare that people fit for work receive . 
  and cut deep . 
  the money we save will be given to some kind of privilege for families with kids . 
  and parasites who are able to work but unwilling to will stop leeching on the back of hard working people . 
  what is more-create more kinder gardens , more schools where the children will be taken care of the entire work they until they hit high school-that way the family can keep working and the children should have a nice , stable place to grow in . 
  more vacation days for people with kids , less taxes . 
  those are the privileges we talk of that the state can do . 
  from the germanic ones i can tell apart german , english ( duh ) and danish . 
  swedish and norwegian sound absolutely the same to me but danish is a bit less melodic that the other two scandinavian languages . 
  dutch is also easy to tell . 
  slavic get a bit tougher . 
  having lived in eastern europe for a lot of years i know 2 slavic languages-bulgarian and russian . 
  by the power of those i can tell apart southern slavic ( bulgarian , slovenian , serbo-croatian ) and eastern slavic ( russian , ukrainian and i do n't think i 've ever heard belorussian so yeah ) . 
  then i hear no difference at all between polish , czech , slovak . 
  usually when i hear people who are europeans i can tell where they 're from , not only by the language but also by how they look . 
  oh yeah and all slavs have absolutely the same english accent . 
  you want to know ? 
  there 's a few reasons imo . 
  you see back in the day and in less progressive countries women did n't have anything to do . 
  they got married and all they had to do is have children . 
  nobody asks for their voices , nothing . 
  just breeding/sex/cooking machines . 
  in modern european society women are equal to men . 
  they educate themselves , go to universities and all . 
  in the end there 's no time for a kid-always trying to climb up the corporate ladder . 
  when being an established person they are like 30 or so and it 's too late to have more than one kid , sometimes two . 
  same goes for men . 
  when they are ready for a family they are in their thirties . 
  raising your kids . 
  you see for a family on the third world the kid does n't carry the same value as in europe . 
  it 's a wealth thing . 
  if you 're wealthy you want to give your child the best possible with resources . 
  for an african family 7 kids without education and sometimes food means nothing because they live in the same conditions . 
  the european , having taste for what 's good in life-education , a full stomach , a car , clothes etc. 
  wants his children to have all these luxuries as well . 
  so the middle class can usually not afford more than one or two children . 
  no need for a work force and low infant deaths . 
  a third world family brings kids to the world because they need their help . 
  they 'll need those kids to help with all the work on the field , in the house and marry them to someone wealthier by which increasing the household 's prestige and wealth . 
  so third world people have kids to be served by those kids because it 's the only way to survive . 
  europeans have kids to serve the kids and make them nice human beings , which means giving them attention and in your 30 's you only have attention for a one or two kids . 
  no wonder my grandpa had 4 brothers and sister , 2 children and 3 grandchildren . 
  you see how it 's going downhill with introducing more equality and wealth to the average european family ? 
  you want europeans to have more kids ? 
  there two ways : one is very complicated reforms that will lead to more fertility the other is-take away gender equality , take away wealth and watch europe explode with kids . 
  this is not a culture or a race thing . 
  it 's all about how life is . 
  rich countries like japan also have this problem-it 's about the money which changes people 's priorities when it comes to children-from extra worker to legacy . 
  yes the mistake is mine . 
  very poorly put out on my part . 
  i meant that bosnians are slavs and albanians are also people who converted to islam because of the ottomans . 
  but still local . 
  saying `` go home '' to albanians is very similar to saying `` go home '' to slavs on the balkans , germanic people in northern italy or to germanics in britain . 
  it 's just stupid . 
  so hypothetically could i go to crimea to `` volunteer '' ? 
  but albania and that region * is * their home . 
  what are albanians/bosnians/kosovians ( ? ), 
  if not local slavs who were forced to take islam by the ottomans ? 
  that exactly and that land is as theirs as it is the serbs ' . 
  they are local , they are native . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i do n't get this concept . 
  how are there empty homes ? 
  how do they not belong to anyone ? 
  if they do n't why are they there ? 
  who built them ? 
  or do they belong to the government ? 
   i would highly doubt that he would consider himself italian when asked . 
  yes he would . 
  the notion of italy is as old as the roman republic . 
  the people of italy had special rights within the roman empire . 
   are you on drugs ? 
  totally not on drugs ... 
  seriously though the renaissance was still miserable for average people . 
  and what is david if not one of the most remarkable monuments of the renaissance and of italian art and culture ^ ^ and ^ ^ superiority ^ ^ over ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ french ? 
  italy is far from being the only country with a culture ministry . 
  also , as it 's the country with most unesco sights in the world , it 's good to have this ministry to protect and care for them . 
  i care about it . 
  it 's a great piece of art from a time where everything was miserable . 
  still though it 's not like they vandalized it . 
  who the fuck cares if they made an ad using it ? 
  yep , the italian government has once again shown that it knows what the important things are and has it 's priorities set right . 
  edit : is my sarcasm not translating well ? 
  yes , i am aware of these things . 
  the `` c '' is boccaccio is a typo . 
  although divina commedia is the entire work of dante , inferno is by far the most famous part around the world . 
  from what i know only inferno is studied in foreign ( non-italian ) schools . 
  the vatican is n't italy . 
  many italians are able to speak some latin because , as you probably very well know , it 's studied in some high schools . 
  it was exactly my point but obviously people disagree . 
   lingering patriarchal culture , this week threw their weight behind an eye-catching proposal they say would boost equality and fight domestic abuse : a salary for women working in the home . 
  i do n't think you understand how capitalism works .
