  it 's not our fault that we 're doing better than you . 
  it 's your fault for not doing as good as us . 
  and really , people like you put a bad name for all the hard working good people in the south . 
  but let 's face it . 
  the south and north are different . 
  neither is better-they 're just different . 
  like germany and spain or austria and greece . 
   the unification was basically an annexation of the reign of the two sicilies by the savoia are you kidding me ? 
  the unification of italy was basically an annexation of everything by the savoia . 
  every part of italy was united with invasion force or rebellions . 
  italy was united by invasion troops . 
  garibaldi and his 1000 man took down the reign of two sicilies and won at volturno ? 
  please . 
  the people supported and joined them . 
  as i said since the fall of rome the south has been weaker than the north . 
  maybe it 's the germanic influence , who knows ? 
  the stronger city states , the stronger economy , the * everything * was in the north . 
  a railway means nothing . 
  by 1861 the north had 1900 km of railway compared to the 100 km of the south . 
  saying the south was anywhere near the north in development is outright stupid . 
  i 'm not being prejudiced . 
  i 'm checking the facts . 
  is the north more developed ? 
  yeah . 
  is there more corruption and mafia in the south ? 
  yeah . 
  and you know what all i 'm saying is ? 
  i 'm not saying southerners are stupid or lazy . 
  i 'm not generalizing at all . 
  i 'm saying : stop blaming other people for your own fails . 
  you ca n't simply talk about how the north forgot the south and all that bullshit . 
  but i guess this * is * the actual biggest difference between northern and southern italy . 
  some of us are willing to take responsibility for their actions and move forward instead of blaming someone else for it . 
  i 'll go further and say it is complaining people like you that are ruining the south . 
  of all the hard working good people there , it 's people like yourself that will give a bad name for the entire part of the country . 
  italy has forgotten it 's lower half ? 
  please , since the roman empire fell , the lower part has always been `` forgotten '' . 
  it 's always someone else 's fault and one has to wonder why emilia-romagna never has the problems campania does . 
  the south has been invested into since the unification , and yet it 's always falling behind . 
  when i hear these news are from naples all i can think about is how about 50 % of the money for `` salaries '' is in someone 's pocket . 
  otherwise it would mean that people in charge are complete morons . 
  if a business is so unprofitable it 's obviously time to lay people off . 
  too much staff for a too small of a job . 
  either that or someone is slacking at the workplace and not being productive which i would n't be surprised of either . 
  fail . 
  i actually do n't understand why the stadiums are so small . 
  most seem to have a 40-50 000 capacity . 
  one at 70 000 and one at 80 000 . 
  seems too small . 
  yeah , it is also proven that learning a new language or playing chess increase your iq . 
  the eastern bloc is getting better at everything recently . 
  you know why ? 
  because they had very little progress compared to the west for 50 years . 
  so they 're catching up . 
  it is n't a fair place , i agree with you . 
  but i do n't see not teaching math as a huge deal . 
  what is the point of making someone who hates math study math ? 
  the only possible benefit to doing that is that your country will score high on iq tests . 
  i do n't think creepy is the exact word i 'd use . 
  scary would be more like it . 
  besides with the spinlessness the west has shown i wo n't be surprised if they proceed to take all of ukraine . 
  this pisa thing together with iq tests is pretty much ... bullshit . 
  1 ) both would appear to be based on maths . 
  therefore a country that makes it students study more math is gon na score higher . 
  in europe ( well , italy because i do n't know about the rest ) most students have a choice of what to study . 
  we have linguistic schools , culture schools , schools for arts and math schools . 
  so the students in most schools do n't give a shit about maths . 
  meanwhile in china for example they study maths like crazy . 
  from what i know the rules are such that even if you go to law school you still study maths ( which i find stupid but that 's another discussion ) . 
  meanwhile , african countries do n't even have * any * fair education so their students can be on par with the others . 
  this is a completely unfair criteria-of course countries and places that concentrate more on math will score higher . 
  2 ) who does those tests ? 
  the sample , just like in most studies and surveys is incredibly small . 
  too small to make a statistic for a whole country . 
  how is it creepy that a guy from an army has the same gear as another guy from the same army ? 
  why is it even creepy that the same army may deploy the same soldier to different places ( pretty sure it 's a different guy though ) ? 
  he does n't control the russians living outside of russia . 
  other than that i personally see nothing wrong with this quote . 
  there is no such things as ethics . 
  ethics is a man-made concept that changes very rapidly and very often . 
  economy is in the basis of species existing , humans have just taken it to the next level . 
  animals have a type of cooperation to survive . 
  wolves eat the week deer . 
  the deer population keeps he fit genes , and there are as many deer as the nature can feed . 
  and wolves have full bellies . 
  even in a preadator-pray condition it 's still economy . 
  and you see this is the kind of thing that bothers me with taxes . 
  for example , italy gives money to the vatican . 
  and religious people are probably happy about it . 
  just like italy gives money to immigrants and people like yourself are happy about it . 
  i , on the other hand , would not like to pay for neither of these things . 
  the state is not a leech that sucks your earning and that is why i spoke of rousseau . 
  the basic of his work has started before ancient egypt and has stayed unchanged until today . 
  the idea of a state is that . 
  ** the citizen gives part his personal freedom and part of his wealth in exchange for the protection of his life and favors the state produces for the money ** . 
  basically . 
  if we ignore the freedom/protection part ( which is important but irrelevant to our discussion ) you get money for services . 
  now as i pay taxes , i expect that the government to create and keep infrastructure , health care , sustain an army and so on and so forward . 
  therefore i pay for services . 
  that is why it is a social contract-just like the contract you have with a person who sells you something-you give the money and he the favor .
