  adding more shit to shit does n't change the structure of it-shit . 
  pasta is glorious and a life saver . 
  you ca n't just destroy it . 
  and it 's not like anyone really cares about kebab anyway in italy . 
  ** i thought the french fries were a must in a kebab ... not that i eat much anyway . 
  no need for that most such places have a very interesting understanding of the word `` hygiene '' . 
  i thought the french fries were a must in a kebab ... not that i eat much anyway . 
  happens to the best of us . 
  oh , the irony . 
   people is n't that stupid yeah , putin would never do something like that . 
  too obvious . 
  he are n't that stupid . 
  we can , putin . 
  we can . 
  western europe and russia will have a confederation . 
  together . 
  just without you . 
  i think he 's just saying the situation is pretty much the same . 
  a country is like a body . 
  cancerous organisms must be cut away . 
  a law is n't right or wrong . 
  he 's not right or wrong . 
  laws must be followed because they are laws . 
  that does n't make them right . 
  it is . 
  laws can be changed . 
  which is something i disagree with . 
  people who pass borders illegally are an example of that . 
  you seem to think criminals do n't exist . 
  by calling immigrants refugees you are n't making illegal immigration legal . 
  point being i 'd rather have a bunch of criminals abused instead of the citizens of italy . 
  point being ? 
  so your coast guards are brutes . 
  we could impose stricter control . 
  and if not , i guess some people will get beaten up for being criminals . 
  i do n't think `` invade '' is the right word . 
  more like set up military bases in some areas . 
  and , i dunno whatever australia is doing seems to be working just fine . 
  certo . 
  ooooh , looks like you taught me a lesson . 
  good for you . 
  well people i do n't know or care for die every day . 
  they are a pretty bad influence . 
  a friend of mine had his bike stolen and had to buy it back when he saw it being on sale by a bunch of immigrants . 
  point being . 
  i really do n't give a fuck about immigrants and how horrible their stories are . 
  i just do n't . 
  i 'm not happy they suffer and all that , but i honestly * just do n't care * . 
  not my problem . 
  my problem is protecting my own interests and my interests are that these people should n't be here . 
  simple as that . 
  nothing personal . 
  oh really ? 
  so if we start protecting our country we will be criticized by the un ? 
  of all things just not that !, 
  how could we ever cope with such horror ? 
  right , as the other user pointed out , laws can be changed . 
  it 's not difficult for australia , it should n't be difficult for us either . 
  maybe because all you say is `` hur dur violating human rights '' ? 
  indeed . 
  i really fail to understand how politicians just do n't see that solution . 
  is it invisible to them or something ? 
  it 's under your nose . 
  you 've been elected to protect our interests , please do so . 
  i mean it 's a change . 
  at least he 's not blaming her she 's a nazi . 
   the water looks like life still manages to find its way here , which i think is a good thing . 
  i knew that to the french shit is food but never realized it 's also considered life . 
   do not dare insults the galets . 
  shingle beach best beach . 
  you mean those petty stones ? 
   because you confuse them with all the jellyfish , or maybe you ca n't see them beneath the tourists . 
  for the last time , germans are not * actual * jelly fish . 
  they just look like that . 
  gosh . 
   she 's obviously a pesky foreigner . 
  why would a foreigner ever pay to go to such a pathetic excuse for a beach ? 
  on serious note , i 'm confused . 
  she 's on a beach made of stones . 
  why the shovel ? 
  and the italians , without whom , fascism may have won !, 
  the water looks dirty . 
  and that 's not a beach . 
  that 's just a stony shore . 
  also , i do n't see plastic bags on the mediterranean . 
   the only thing i 'd criticise is the girl 's cap . 
  serious lack of taste here . 
  she 's french what do you expect ? 
  you call [ this ] ( http://www.slate.fr/sites/default/files/imagecache/grand-format/grandformat/dday4.jpg ) clean ? 
  the sea is close because the beach is basically unexistent . 
   it 's not packed with german tourists on second thought , i reconsider . 
  northern beaches best beaches !, 
  you call that a beach ? 
  hey guys ... 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i thought he decided to give up his right to become king in favor of william . 
  joke 's on them , elizabeth will outlive them both . 
  if i may add to the question for those of you who live in countries where there is conscription : what is the public attitude towards conscription ? 
  do you think that the whole thing is about to be cancelled ? 
  i for one really regret the fact that i have n't done military service . 
  yes , i understand what he meant but i really did n't understand how it is in any way related to this thread .
