i 'm aware , i 've just met some people who genuinely think your blood will start literally boiling at 100 celsius . 
  we really do n't . 
  we throw more money at it than you do , which is amazing considering we have a smaller gdp/population . 
  possibly because they have the same homicide rate ? 
  not sure if you 're serious but you do know you wo n't die in 100 celsius right ? 
  and nothing is going to boil if you do . 
  oh well , then i guess they should set themselves on fire . 
  oh no , the horror !, 
  i sure hope they do n't start threatening to do it in italy next . 
  seriously i never understood these kinds of `` threats '' . 
  not talking about immigrants but in general . 
  `` i 'll kill myself '' is not a legitimate threat , okay ? 
  neither is `` i 'll starve myself '' and all threats of the kind . 
  if you kill yourself you 're doing absolutely nothing . 
  in fact , you 're ridding the government of one more person to feed . 
  you the people , have the power . 
  you can stop paying taxes , you can disobey the government . 
  not set yourself on fire . 
  slavic women have always been strong . 
  stronger than their men ( not physically , obviously ) . 
  it 's always been like that . 
  if you just look at ww2 the wehrmacht was practically entirely male , the red army has always had women , even in command . 
  i 've also seen it in my personal confrontations . 
  russian women are much more potent and powerful than ours . 
  everyone is trying to explain with communism and things like that , but it 's old . 
  it 's a slavic thing . 
  exceptions are due , obviously . 
  pretty accurate . 
  i know it 's just so funny hearing it . 
   polish imperialism . 
  lol, 
  russian is better imo . 
  how about we do it here and let everyone ind their on business ? 
  with my sense of humor i would n't be surprised if i found out some german raped my roman great-great-great-great ( ... ) grandma, 
  obviously . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you can not into rome . 
  i 'm not speaking for southern europe , i 'm speaking for italy : 1 ) we got screwed over by the currency . 
  the lira was exchanged at a horrible rate . 
  2 ) austerity also fucked us up quite a lot . 
  germany has been benefitting from both those things . 
   merkel versus renzi for the future of the eurozone i 'll fight u 1v1 m8 , i 'll rek you i swer on me mum , i 'll bashe ye fookin ' ` ead in . 
   everything he is vowing to do , is for the benefit of italy , and a disadvantage for a lot of other countries , or at least not publicy accepted in those countries . 
  which is exactly what germany has been doing for all these years . 
  more than one can and should play this game . 
  i really do n't know but something tells me the banks will never miss the opportunity to rob anyone , regardless of nationality . 
   italians manage to come up with the most efficient and best system we could ever have for the eu lol . 
  what can i say ? 
  we really want our empire back . 
  confirmed . 
  argentina can be the whitest . 
  in a boat full of black people . 
  i 'm talking of people who were voluntarily nazis just like people who are voluntarily muslims . 
  i do n't agree with him but saying i hate nazis means you 're attacking the people and not the ideology . 
   sentencing , judge robert brown said : `` this was ugly and reflects very badly on all four of you . 
  those who knock someone to the floor and kick them in the head can expect to go inside , but i 'm going to suspend the sentence . '', 
  wow , that judge is a criminal himself . 
  [ and what a shitty boyfriend . 
  i would 've probably knocked them all out . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlhio4z0h-k ), 
  oh ... so iceland has clean genetics ... it would be a shame if someone went there ... and impregnated all the women ... 
   unicorn farts !, 
  if you 've eaten cooked cabbage you 'd know . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cassoeula ) also we have a fine collection of raw meat and fish . 
  so it 's a cultural thing . 
  not european culture though . 
  as i said-if they want to live here these practices must be left behind . 
  are you really denying that different populations have different genetic makeups ? 
  i mean you 're absolutely right-we 're all homo sapiens sapiens but all dogs are canis lupus familiaris , yes diffrent dog breeds are different . 
  the fact that we 're all humans does n't mean we 're all identical humans . 
  right , do you know how few countries have christianity as a state religion ? 
  i do n't feel like researching but i think it 's something like the vatican , denmark and greece . 
  denmark and greece are secular . 
  and that is the point-every western christian country is secular . 
  we are no dictated by some old book . 
  and i do n't think it works like that . 
  i ca n't just say i 'm chinese . 
  because i 'm not and no matter where i go and what i do , i 'll always be italian . 
  blood is thicker than water and it does n't change . 
   i named a christian country . 
  no you did n't . 
  because there is no such thing in existence . 
  besides does is really matter if they 're egyptians or syrians ? 
  the point is that they are n't swedish , now are they ? 
  if these people want to live in europe they better leave their barbaric ways in the desert from which they emerged . 
  which part of western do you not understand ? 
  you said it . 
  it 's not a christian thing . 
  but it is a muslim thing . 
  it happens in the middle east . 
   it is widespread in both muslim and christian countries . 
  name one western christian country where fgm is a common practice . 
  also , name one european christian country where mgm is common practice . 
  actually , name a christian country . 
  every country where the vast majority of the population is christian is secular . 
  there is no such thing as a christian equivalent of sharia or such barbarian acts as genital mutilation . 
  boy , do i hate these abbreviations . 
  from the taxes i pay . 
  that 's funny , italy has never gotten anything from germany 's credit card . 
   in that case the racists may very well be immigrants indeed .
