  cooking , seducing women , football , skiing , arts , science , cars , coffee , fashion , corruption and modesty . 
  yes he does . 
  traitor . 
   the gypsies who live ` normal ' lives would n't dare tell anyone about their background well , i do n't see how you could hide being a gypsy . 
  i do n't mind a gypsy . 
  having that said , i 'd rather not have one of their camps anywhere near to my home . 
  i support it because i believe in people 's right of choice ^ and ^ because ^ italy ^ ^ will ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ higher ^ ^ ^ gdp ^ ^ ^ than ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ uk, 
  nobody really gives a shit . 
  i think every once in a while me and my family watch it . 
  like we 're having dinner and we put the tv on and it 's there but nobody really gives a crap about it . 
  that is a good question . 
  sadly , i have never known anyone who * actually * votes for eurovision . 
  we have a lot more things in common than differences to be honest . 
  we share the same values , our societies share the same beliefs and views . 
  our architecture is very similar , although different in some cases but it 's alike . 
  the way the countries are formed are similar . 
  we have the same concept of morality . 
  we share our history and from the looks of it the future will be no different . 
  those are the important things . 
  then come the differences , the most substantial of which is cuisine . 
  that 's an awesome solution . 
  you can say evil capitalists oppress you . 
  catch a plane ticket to moldova and apply for asylum . 
  if you want eu , i 'd suggest trying bulgaria . 
  having lived for some time in what i was used to calling a box , soviet modernism sounds cool as shit . 
  if someone asks me now , i 'm gon na be like : `` oh yeah , i 've lived in a soviet modernist flat , if you need to know '', 
  i would n't say i dislike americans . 
  that would be plain stupid . 
  there 's so many people there and i 'm sure many of them could be my best friend . 
  but i kind of dislike the us as a country . 
  why i dislike the us : the us and an unproportional part of it 's population seem to live with the idea that the us is some good guy that everyone loves . 
  also your government tries to play moral police of the world while being pretty damn immoral . 
  how it 's 100 % okay when americans think they 're number one . 
  well you 're not . 
  there are many aspects in which european countries are better . 
  how americans keep living back in time and refuse to understand some simple things that make life better such as universal healthcare , gun ownership laws and all that . 
  and claiming they won ww2 . 
  no you did n't damn it !, 
  i could look past those things but what really rustles my jimmies is the non-stop stupid shit your media puts us through like movies . 
  and of all stupid shit the us media does the one thing that really grinds my gears is how it 's infiltrating stupid political correctness . 
  seems like these days everyone 's offended to the point that someone is so offended that the `` oppressor '' starts being discriminated against ( see affirmative action ) . 
  it 's like you ca n't say what you think anymore . 
  this bullshit stops dialogue about major problems and therefore blocks their solution . 
  still though , nothing against americans . 
  just your media and government . 
  i do n't . 
  actually i 'd also add something that came to mind . 
  as a person who has spent several years in eastern europe , although western european i know a bit on the subject . 
  the unique thing is that nearly everyone is an ultras there . 
  sure most are n't in the ultras club but still ... they know the songs , they sing loud , they 're willing to fight . 
  chances are that if you go to a match , especially a derby , no matter where you sit you 'll get an ultras atmosphere . 
  kind of . 
  as in-the people in the regular seats are more ultras than the ultras in some spanish ultras club . 
  oops i seen to have misread it . 
  eastern european and balkan ultras are more consistent . 
  what is more in these places , and especially the balkans , a macho culture is present . 
  this macho culture is every guy looking tough , working out , shaving his head and of course liking football . 
  it 's a society thing . 
  in england people are less likely to become ultras simply because it 's not so much in the culture . 
  as for italy football in italy can turn really ugly . 
  english fans are notorious for their violence but that 's in the past . 
  after the heysel stadium disaster english clubs were banned from european championships so tougher sanctions and rules were created by the english federation to avoid repeating the accident . 
  and in time this culture disappeared , at least within the premier league . 
  lower divisins in england are still violent . 
  as for italy , italy is hell especially in the south and center of the country . 
  roma , lazio and napoli fans might as well be the most violent football fans in western europe . 
  in the north milan , inter or juventus fans are much more like their german peers but still . 
  if you wan na get in a fight for football in western europe , italy is the place . 
  it looks like me and the australian guy basically said the same things except i spread it more . 
  i take this as a confirmation that i did n't say bullshit :d . glad i 've helped !, 
  because it just is . 
  because it 's so barbaric , animals do it . 
  it 's raw meat . 
  does n't that ring a bell of wrongness into you ? 
  why is eating people wrong ? 
  if their life is not taken by force , meaning they just died or consented why is it wrong ? 
  it just is . 
  well you 're technically right because the health risk is at a minimum just like eating anything else . 
  it 's perfectly an okay food to eat . 
  but eating raw meat is still wrong . 
  yes you are technically right . 
  and yet wrong . 
  why are german people always technically right and yet wrong ? 
  so no health risk . 
  however , barbarians will be barbarians :d, 
  that sounds disgusting . 
  what about the health risks ? 
  i mean there 's reasons we cook our meat at high temperatures . 
   mettbr\u00f6tchen is ... is that raw meat ? 
  it is important to note that most fans are n't ultras of a team . 
  usually , at a home stadium there is one part of the stadium , usually one sector . 
  example curva sud for ac roma fans . 
  this sector is usually full and the people there are the most hardcore fans as in : a father wo n't take his 10 year old son to watch the game in that sector . 
  these fans are the ones who know all the songs and are the organized bunch . 
  when they start a chant , usually the whole stadium follows . 
  on some games there 's two hardcore sectors and one tries to sing louder than the other-sort of a competition . 
  the organization is simple . 
  clubs have a fan club . 
  there is a group of people-the ultras - who are in a main club-you can get there if you want to be in it . 
  these people are organized volunteers .
