  brazil-referees will help them , they will be hosts and i think they 're becoming better at faking injuries with every season !, 
  spain-still is a very good team , maybe not the absolute best as it used to be but very very good nonetheless . 
  germany-they 've built a great team an with the exception of a few players ( boateng ) they are very stable on every part of the pitch . 
  portugal-ronaldo aside , they 've built a great team an they could be a surprise . 
  belgium - same as portugal . 
  great team , could work wonders . 
  argentina-argentina has a good team and arguably the best forwards in the world . 
  i ca n't wait too see them play . 
  di maria and messi !, 
  imagine !, 
  the netherlands-they 've always been close to my heart and it pains me they have n't won the wold cup yet . 
  if they solve their locker room problems , they could work wonders . 
  england-not all that great imo , but as always they 'll be 12 players for england on the field , with the referee . 
  france-has some good players , could do well . 
  italy - i think the team is good enough to do well and maybe even win . 
  uruguay-those guys are monsters . 
  they will play great football , i think . 
  those are the countries i think could win . 
  croatia is very dear to me and i really hope they accomplish something . 
  same goes for the swiss . 
  italy : yes . 
  reason : by betraying his country , he has protected the interests of mine . 
  i do n't bolivia . 
  seriously though , because of it 's location around the equator climate differences between the places are n't as large as in europe . 
  there 's norway the difference is bigger than the difference between portugal and finland , although they are n't fuhrer away . 
  so do n't be russian to conclusions . 
  i hope this is ghana be a great world cup !, 
  the red army would have continued it 's march , maybe the war would have taken some more time . 
   if the us did n't enter the war then functionally the other allies could not have won . 
  ehh , pretty arguable . 
  yeah , they may be refugees . 
  point being that i do n't give a fuck . 
  i 'm not obliged by no way to help them and i do n't feel like i owe them anything . 
  by poor africans i do n't think i meant `` poor '' as in lacking in money ( which they usually do ) . 
  in italian povero also has 2 meanings . 
  i 'm not offended , i 'm just saying nobody will ever take you seriously if you insult them and are unable to talk in a civilized manner . 
   you have no respect for the bill of human rights and why not ? 
  human rights are all about having the right to something without infringing the human rights of other people . 
  with coming here , they infringe my rights , take my money and on top of it commit crimes . 
  i think / u/ramblinrambo is a bit more extremist than i am ( like i do n't actually want to shoot anyone-i simply want a policy like australia 's ) . 
   thank you for you incredible insight on the war in syria , you really seem to be a very educated on the subject . 
  oh but certainly not quite as much as you are !, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  have i said immigrants are dirty ? 
  as a matter of fact , have i ever said that immigrants are bad in the first place ? 
  have i ever said something , and i dare you to quote me , against legal immigration ? 
  also , stop insulting people . 
  if i were the mods i 'd have your comments deleted by now and given you a warning . 
  nobody is insulting you and everyone is trying to keep a civil conversation . 
  did n't your mom teach you how to have a conversation like a normal person ? 
  if the town i live in gets attacked i will stand and fight . 
  millions have fought for the right to live instead of escaping throughout history . 
  who 's a coward ? 
  i 'm a coward for wanting to defend my home and they are brave for running away ? 
  i do n't owe these people anything . 
  i do n't want italy to save the world . 
  i just want to be left in peace . 
  they are cowards . 
  i 'm an average person who wants to defend his home . 
  i hope this catches on . 
  how dare they live in italy do n't they see the * owe * their compassion , along with everything they have with those poor , struggling africans ? 
  that 's like ... the population of the town my grandparents live in ... 
  it 's actually more ... 
   besides who gives a shit about what words are used as the content is still the same . 
  that goes well with you and me because we live in more direct cultures but to our british friends ( as they are a very influential group here ) the way you say things really make a difference . 
  surely you see the difference between : a ) you 're a fucking moron and your opinion is stupid . 
  and b ) i disagree with you . 
  basically it 's the same thing , no ? 
  you implied it and we both know that . 
  i think you can have debate if you try not to sound like a jerk . 
  i would probably argue with you but on this subject i agree these countries are not yet ready for the eu . 
  still , try sounding like a less of a douche . 
  / r/europe is indeed quite in favor on the eu . 
  anyway the downvotes probably also come from the fact that you among others refer to countries as failed states and generally talk about other countries as if they are absolute shit , which can come off as offensive and inconsiderate . 
  you should n't act like you 're superior than someone , even if you are . 
  maybe tone down your douchy tone . 
  it 's not like it suddenly hit 50 % . 
  it 's not something recent , and frankly i think things are recently better . 
   i do n't speak south slavic . 
  maybe because there 's no such language ? 
  it 's more like , 3 languages . 
  except the red army kind of had a revenge factor in that whole thing . 
  it 's one thing attacking a country , killing it 's men and raping it women . 
  it 's another thing to have your country attacked and destroyed and * then * doing the same thing to the nation who attacked you . 
  both are wrong , but not equally wrong . 
  and i know what you 're gon na say : `` but those german people were innocent '' . 
  yeah , they were but it 's human psychology to get some kind of revenge . 
   more than paying back what the germans did untrue . 
  the ussr lost a bigger % of it 's population than germany . 
  and also , your average german soldier killed more soviet civilians than the other way around . 
  he german people are very disciplined and hard working . 
  stereotypes exist for a reason . 
  the fact that the us and the ussr put a lot of know-how and money in their respective part of germany also helped . 
  so an english person . 
  what is a wasp ? 
   i get robbed by nigerians twice , and yet i harbored no hatred whatsoever towards nigerians . 
  for the record-fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice , shame on me . 
  that is completely different . 
  kebab s shit ( as in not that it has a bad taste , but it 's a shit food you 're probably better off without ) .
