  i have always said this and i will continue to . 
  europeans have more things in common than not . 
  we are different but we are so very , very similar when compared to the rest of the world . 
  oh come on . 
  i do n't like obama but that is obviously a mistake from all the speaking . 
  he probably means to say `` european countries '' or `` countries in europe '' . 
  you ca n't be a douche every time someone does such a small mistake . 
   i still ca n't believe my eyes yeah cause when did the greeks ever like to swing for the same team ? 
  you mean to tell me that russia 's military is engaged in operations that plan on adding chunks of land to russia ? 
  really ? 
  nobody would 've even guessed . 
  i kind of do n't see the point you 're trying to make here . 
  well it is * my * sea . 
  i 'd know i pissed in it yesterday . 
  it means it 's mine . 
  bitches . 
  north-south divide is bigger in italy than the east-west one is in germany . 
  yes did n't see it sorry . 
  but this chart is only starts in 1990 . 
  and even then the difference was relatively small , it became a big gap in the 2000 's . 
  and again , considering how much less money the south makes it is safe to assume that northern italy was as productive or more productive than germany . 
   wat what ? 
  switzerland , monaco , luxembourg , san marino , lichtenstein . 
  small countries in western europe are usually very very rich . 
  friction ? 
  i do n't really know ho to answer that so let me answer a few different criteria by which you can judge . 
  economically-the north is still much wealthier and industrialized than the south . 
  the north still gives more money to italy as a whole than it spends and the south still spends more money than it produces . 
  i guess you could say the north still pretty much supports the south economically . 
  when it comes to crime the south still has high criminality and mafia and the north does n't . 
  socially - people from the north are still cold and people of the south are still welcoming and nice . 
  the south tens to be much more religious than the north . 
  is there friction between people ? 
  i guess , it 's bound to be . 
  if italy was n't on the same peninsula it probably would n't even be a country . 
  northeners and souterners are different people and that 's that , although some would want to deny it . 
  do people hate each other ? 
  the lega nord is not as strong as it used to be and frankly , aside from he casual asshole the `` friction '' is limited to jokes and stereotyping . 
  i always thought italy is a good example and experiment of what the eu is bound to be . 
  it 's what happens when you mix people with different lifestyles . 
  it 's what happens when yo mix north and south . 
  what happens when you mix iberia and scandinavia . 
  it can be glorious but there will always be some problems, 
  no , it does n't . 
  this chart shows that germany had a higher gdp which is a fact and i said it always has been mostly due to the larger population . 
  i was talking productivity . 
  productivity is about how an individual produces . 
  for example the netherlands have a smaller overall gdp than , say , india but dutch people as individuals are more productive than indians . 
  italy , with the exception of the last 10-15 years , has been more productive than both france and the uk and very close to germany . 
  considering the south-north divide in italy it is safe to assume that northern italy used to be more productive than germany . 
  overall italy used to be number 2 in gdp and number one in productivity if we do n't count smaller countries that tend to always be richer . 
   honestly , sea is overrated . 
  i think a certain someone is a bit jelly his country does n't have a seaside , 
   nah , not just england . 
  this is pretty much the state for the vast majority of the population of the world . 
  the vast majority of the world can only dream of what england has . 
   i was under the impression of the north being quite industrial but the south more of an agricultural ( sorry , `` poorer '' ) region . 
  which is the case but thankfully the north is industrial enough for both not the mention the south is n't all that bad . 
  the south looks bad in comparison to the north but if it were it 's own country it would still be better than many eu countries * cough * greece * cough * considering the population of italy it is highly unlikely to ever reach germany . 
  even if all italians were as productive as germans ( which is not the case in southern italy ) germans are still 80 million and italians are 60 million . 
  france and britain , however , can be overtaken in gdp if we have smart leaders . 
  having that said , not so long ago ( we 're talking 10-20 years inb4 berlusconi ) italy was indeed about as productive as germany if not more , just with a bit less gdp because of the smaller population . 
  i really find that fascinating . 
  in my life i have never been offered drugs ( with the exception of marijuana ) . 
  how does that even work ? 
  i mean what , i walk in berlin and some shady guy tries to sell me drugs ? 
  so why does this demographic have the lowest voting for the fn ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.daylol.com/images/2012/november/21/50ad56c750ba4.jpg ) is bulgaria right now . 
  can confirm . 
  have stolen from my friends as a child . 
  first of all they 're all the same race . 
  ca n't be racism . 
  are you just going to deny different ethnic groups carry different physical features just because you do n't like it ? 
  are you just going to deny anthropology is a science ? 
  not to mention there is no such thing as the human race . 
  it 's the human species . 
  the human species contains different human races . 
  like the dog species has different breeds of dogs . 
  oh well , i 'm no anthropologist . 
  which one is the icelandic speaker ? 
  i have a hard time telling apart scandinavian languages . 
  also , if you 're only judging by the name the german speaker may be german , it 's not a weird name for germany . 
  i did n't know they 'd be too keen on arabs in their party . 
  maybe . 
  the french speaking one does look swedish . 
  the spanish speaking one could also pass as swedish but the german looks german and the slav looks slavic . 
  i 'm assuming the guy at 00:33 is german . 
  dat language . 
  also look at him . 
  now look at [ this ] ( http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/4b8d683c7f8b9ae9762f0300-480/hitler-youth-nazi.jpg ) . 
  second guy on the right . 
  not that i 'm judging i have the same haircut but still ... also i just realized . 
  i recognize one slavic language and two latin languages , one of which french and the other likely spanish . 
  also german . 
  are the people who speak in those immigrants to sweden ? 
  and another thing . 
  guy at 00:40 . 
  `` is tearing apart our previously united nations . 
  yeah [ man ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i ) , united as [ fuck ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii ) . 
  why do you have to use `` tricked '' ?
