  so when people vote for something you agree with they are `` smart '' and `` progressive '' and when they do n't they 're `` tricked '' ? 
   i would like to think that the charm of the balkans is n't defined by a beer gut and a bad attitude ... but it is . 
   so you do n't drop dead when you 're 50 . 
  not like you can do anything fun afterwards . 
  why would you want to do cardio when you look like the hulk ? 
   there 's a new generation of mid-twenty-somethings who is pretty western in their attitude , and they go cycling , and running , and mostly have white-collar desk-jobs do n't lose the charm of the balkans !, 
  actually i do n't know about the moving thing . 
  i have to admit that when it comes to balkan slavs ( bulgarians , serbs etc you get it ) all the guys look very intimidating . 
  granted i am talking about younger people , but seriously you guys got some meat on your bones . 
  and i mean meat , not fat , guys look really muscular . 
  but yes alcohol tends to be quite the problem with eastern europeans . 
  i 'd vote for edvard hund . 
  i beg to differ . 
  bulgarians , for example , have the tradition of initiating ever meal with a salad ( and alcohol for the salad ) . 
  their salads are good too . 
  probably ( and hopefully ) because people are tired of berlusconi and his shit . 
  it 's not that much of a left-right thing and the left-right ideas . 
  it more about the people in the parties . 
  fight for what you believe in and let others do the same . 
  good luck . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  what is you solution ? 
  well i do n't see how anyone '' s stopping you from doing that . 
  you just disagree with them and want to defeat them and they do the same . 
  let the better ideology win . 
  and for the record , racism is more alive now in europe than it has ever been in the past 60 years . 
  i think you 're looking for problems that do n't exist . 
  come to think of it i do n't care about anyone 's sexuality . 
  i only care about someone 's sexuality if i want to have sexual relations with them . 
  in any other situation sexuality is pretty much irrelevant . 
  if i see a hot girl somewhere and decide i want to hit on her i will and i 'll assume she 's heterosexual , i could n't give less of a fuck if she 's lesbian and i may offend her . 
  big deal , i assume she hetero , i hit on her , she says `` not into guys '' and that 's pretty much it . 
  i do n't see why you 're trying to make thing more complicated than they are . 
  yeah , fascism is not democratic and i never claimed it is . 
  but if it is what the people want then so be it . 
  fascism does n't necessarily include torture of political dissidents just like socialism does n't necessarily include gulag . 
  fascism does n't necessarily disrespect the rights of the minority . 
  it 's an ideology like socialism . 
  maybe i should have said no recently and currently not relevant . 
   whelp at least we are not italy yup , you 're just a cheap copy :d . 
  not really left . 
  italy has never had a true left ( maybe just sel ? ) . 
  still though , left enough . 
  i personally do n't support them a whole lot but i have to say they 're probably the best alternative italy has right now . 
  i never thought you wanted violence but it did sound like you wanted to ban those parties . 
  i do n't think many people understand democracy here . 
  democracy is all about power of the people . 
  if the people want a fascist government then so be it . 
  i do n't think you understand the most important thing here . 
  italy is not the one who choose the shittiest party . 
  okay ? 
  we 're not the worst . 
  we did okay . 
  we 're better than france , and it feels so good !, 
  if most of the population is heterosexual , is n't it normal that i would assume a person is heterosexual ? 
   and the disarmemend of those parties might be crucial i do n't think that 's a very democratic thing to do . 
  at least we finally know who 's voting for berlusconi and grillo :p, 
  in italy the fn is presented as a basically fascist party . 
   and i do n't know why voting is n't compulsory everywhere . 
  because forcing people to do something is n't the most democratic thing to do , do n't you think ? 
  ca n't blame them , both of these statements are true . 
  as much as i 'm supportive of the idea of the eu . 
  `` speak '' but i do alright with russian and bulgarian . 
  well for italy it 's the italian regions and for germany it 's the federal states . 
  you should totally make a huge slavic federation that speaks this language . 
  also is there something of the kind for latin languages ? 
  as a person who actually managed to understand everything with moderate knowledge of 2 slavic languages i have to say this would appear to be only understandable for eastern and south slavs . 
  i may be wrong . 
  well that is completely different . 
  civil unions for gays are not going to get us money . 
  they 're going to cost us money . 
  legalizing prostitution will get us money . 
  and as i already said , it ca n't be a `` moral '' problem of the church because prostitution is already legal . 
  we 're just not taxing it . 
  and the same goes for cannabis . 
  how about we legalize prostitution and at least marijuana !, 
  i mean like , in italy prostitution is already legal , you can do it . 
  i do n't see the problem with regulating it by which : there will be health control . 
  the state will get money from taxation . 
  regulating it will probably help save a lot of people who are forced into prostitution . 
  our politicians are fucking retarded . 
  mind = blown, 
   implying fatality rates are related to speed limits . 
   implying someone cares about speed limits . 
  u ` avin a bloody giggle m8 ? 
  u wot m8 ? 
  meh the flag itself is n't all that bad . 
  it 's the message . 
  on the other hand , too many fascists deciding over policies that will affect me . 
  100 people seems a bit excessive but it 's a good thing they found what they found . 
  off to jail with those criminals . 
  what a shame . 
  ca n't wait to bathe in it !, 
  what if we named it / r/europeanmediterranean ? 
  is there a link you could provide for that discussion ? 
  well technically there 's nothing more fascist than banning a political symbol . 
  i was thinking about making a mediterranean political subreddit in response to the nordic subreddit , but then it would have to be moderated and controlled by an italian which is already a set for failure . 
  how is this comment upvoted ? 
  are you all retarded ? 
  i really do n't know about faces but i can always tell europeans from americans .
