  no , no russians as in what we 're used to imagining are europeans . 
  they are slavic people , their culture , everything about the is european . 
  there are scarce native minorities that are n't european in siberia or the caucasus but overall russians are europeans . 
  just because their country spreads outside of europe does n't make them non-european . 
  france , for example , has territories in other continents too but the french are still europeans . 
  when britain had colonies it was still an european power . 
  yup , just ask franco or arkan . 
  russians are europeans . 
  belorussians are europeans . 
  in case you consider turks europeans , that would mean kazakhs are european . 
  saying europeans dislike russia is a prepostrous statement similar to `` europeans dislike germany '' . 
  i never thought football fights were a thing in sweden . 
  interesting . 
  nearly everyone i know does some sport or visits a gym . 
  but rarely professionally . 
  did n't know you 're still alive , karl marx . 
  i know it 's mostly political advertisement from renzi 's part but a good idea nonetheless . 
  there was a greek philosopher who once said politicians should be stripped of all material wealth . 
  no property , no privileges . 
  just the wealth to have food/stay alive . 
  i personally do not stand 100 % by this but it 's an interesting idea . 
  i can only compliment renzi on this particular thing . 
  i see such cars as a way of transport which is needed for the country 's affairs . 
  only high position bureaucrats and government officials need to go somewhere for the people 's interest . 
  everyone else is just a citizen like me who can go to work with his bike like a normal person . 
  but ebay ? 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't think venice deserves a place in this because : 1 ) venice is not splitting . 
  trust me . 
  2 ) even if venice splits , which i find highly unlikely , it wo n't split alone . 
  the rest of northern italy will too . 
  and that 's not happening . 
  the lega nord failed when it was probably the biggest party in northern italy . 
  it is amazingly easy to get rid of the mafia within a year . 
  the government/juridical system is just unwilling . 
  why ? 
  their already turning a blind eye to the mafia 's activities and the mafia is n't helping with the economy . 
  still though it looks like a place i 'd like to ride on and fast . 
  but without cameras and such breakable things . 
  yeah ... both the czech republic and poland have such nice grass ... it would be a shame if someone ... took it ... 
  i got ta admit that the badly advertised one seems like a fun place to ride . 
  i am actually really disappointed that italy is so dependent on energy considering that is could be much more self-sufficient . 
  sun energy can be collected , and lots of it . 
  year long in the south of the country , not so much in the north . 
  with all the mountains and rivers coming from those mountains i 'm sure there can be a way to produce more water energy . 
  also someone correct me if i 'm wrong but from what i know enel has a lot of production which it imports to italy . 
  like most of the slovakian energy company is enel 's right ? 
  so does all that import count as dependency ? 
  what does croatia have that italy does n't ? 
  i expect this to be at least as fun as when a danish zoo executed a giraffe . 
  although this is not done by the zoo . 
  i 'd like it if they catch the guy . 
  i wan na see how many `` good people who protect life '' ( a.k.a animalists ) will ask for his head . 
  with the far-right 's rise in most of europe i also wonder which one will be judged more in 100 years . 
  of course they could . 
  that 's arguably the strongest military in the world . 
  yes , it is rather sad when a couple of idiots ruin everything being barbarian scumbags and vandalizing stuff . 
  i do n't know you guys , time to face our problems like we 've faced them in the last 50 years . 
  the european way . 
  that 's right , you know what i 'm talking about . 
  time to write the russians an angry letter . 
  well at least spanish people know what 's good for them . 
  austerity has failed , is failing and will keep failing . 
  any person with little understanding of economics will tell you that austerity can not work , especially not in countries like spain . 
  it suffocates the economy . 
  the complete opposite thing should be done . 
  more investing , more spending-let the economy grow , make jobs , make more money for the people , which will help the business which will help the state . 
  anyhow , looking at those pictures makes me think that the protesters started vandalizing . 
  when you start vandalizing you are no longer a protester with a point to make and be respected . 
  you 're just a vandal and that 's all . 
   this tradition has no place ~ ~ in the nordics ~ ~ in any civilized country . 
  ftfy, 
  ummm , no it is n't . 
  there is no eu country worse then turkey looking at things like human rights , gender equality , income etc. 
  maybe bulgaria and romania ? 
  but even they are more humane . 
  at least they do n't torture huge minorities . 
  well by having high moral standards we are committing suicide . 
  frankly the headlines could mean nothing to me when my grandparents who have worked their entire lives get a small pension and the state spends millions on illegal immigrants . 
  what is more , this is not an italian problem . 
  when they get to italy they can go anywhere . 
  most do n't stay here . 
  with the eu they can just move to whatever country . 
  so no , it would not be only italy fighting . 
  we 're all in this together . 
  again , libya will accept them back . 
  and then send them from where they came from . 
  either that or we cut our ties with them and start an economic war . 
  let 's see how they do without money . 
  and even if not , i think australia 's solution is by far the best one . 
  sure , the state still spends on them but at least they are n't on the streets committing crimes . 
  and eventually , they 'll learn not to come here . 
  alright , i 'm willing to sacrifice myself for the bigger good . 
  progress is increasing the average life span . 
  progress is using electricity . 
  progress is travelling faster . 
  progress is not a man-made concept . 
  it is strict and exact . 
  really , what 's a few million human lives if it means progress ? 
  morals are man-made .
