  of course you have the right to try and change it and protest against it but you still have to follow it until it 's a law . 
  to be fair , that 's why it 's prison , not a vacation . 
  i for one think that prisoners should work in prison for the state so they pay their own meals . 
  as for drug offenses i fail to see why you mentioned them . 
  they are offences just as illegal as any other . 
  because they do what islams tells them to , so they think what they do is moral . 
  i did n't know we have a nice smile stereotype . 
  do n't worry bro , the power of alcohol is used by everyone , no matter where from . 
  it 's magic . 
  we can share . 
  ther 's enough for both of us . 
  i wish i did too . 
  you just ruined our image of ourselves . 
  we seem to think that we the most macho super lover people out there . 
  damn it . 
  that our women are good looking , that the men are girly or both ? 
  it was a way of saying they are good looking ... ^ and ^ that ^ ^ the ^ ^ men ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ girly . 
  referee is a homophobe ... 
  i 'd fuck 'em right in the pussy . 
  even the male ones . 
  completely true . 
  i never claimed otherwise . 
  that was like one of those joke things . 
  truly legendary . 
  if someone like berlusconi was fucking up a country other than my own i 'd probably be his biggest fan , i mean look at this guy . 
  fucks whoever he wants , whenever he wants . 
  has money . 
  has one of the most successful football teams in fucking world history . 
  he talks shit all the time and gets away with it . 
  he just does n't give a fuck about anyone or anything . 
  berlusconi just takes what he wants . 
  wow , the american army behind obama looks really intimidating . 
  oh yeah old berlusconi tricks to get media attention . 
  last time he said mussolini did well now he 's blaming the germans for being nazis . 
  he 's playing with the deepest chords in the hearts of senior italians-love for mussolini and hate for the germans ... somehow that 's a thing . 
  typical berlusca . 
  the scandinavians i 've seen do n't really stand out in a crowd , even here in italy-not by facial features , not by anything . 
  except ridiculously blonde hair . 
  brits on the other hand ... you can always tell . 
  no , i 've seen them . 
  scandinavians are blonder with lighter eyes than you , but not paler . 
  they have pretty normal skin tones . 
  but brits and irish take the cake when it comes to pale skin . 
  in terms of personality : excessively loud people who drink amounts of alcohol that they ca n't handle and become a little aggressive when drunk . 
  other than that too much tea and shitty food . 
  physically : way too white and pale . 
  single palest nation on earth , with the irish . 
  also chubby and short . 
  you 've got rooney , steve g. and his lover john terry . 
  and lampard . 
  i have no idea why i was left with the impression italy is pretty oilless and actually lacking of natural resources as a whole . 
  that 's good . 
  actually i always wondered ... are italy 's land and sea belongings completely explored ? 
  it would appear unlikely that we have basically no oil . 
  not gon na lie , hearing stories like this makes me feel good . 
  did they eventually accept the money or ? 
  wow someone 's a little frisky . 
  i 'm not even mad . 
  even i do n't trust italians . 
  being scared of russians is so 1962 . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  right so from what i understand the fact that the italians were able to take advantage of a situation and also were better merchants got money to italy . 
  again , i agree it was horrible but it was also the way things were done back then . 
  europeans just had the upper hand in technology so they were able to conquer and kill others . 
  if africans had the same technology it they would have done the same thing . 
  there is no reason to hate europeans for doing what they thought was the right thing . 
  as for the achievements , i never said anything about inferiority . 
  i just stated a fact . 
  i do not think i 'm racist . 
  racism is an ideology like any other . 
  it has its up and down sides , its wrong and right ideas . 
  communism , fascism , capitalism , multiculturalism , globalism . 
  all ** isms ** . 
  i agree with some ideas of each ideology and such is life . 
  racism however is too full of hatred for me . 
  i 'm not a loving person , but i 'm not a hateful person either . 
  i see things the way they are . 
  by the way i did n't get that proof for africans using guns before europeans got there . 
  i did n't mean literally gods , but yes , they were amazed and the technology and sailing abilities of the europeans . 
  comparing the situation is quite normal . 
  both people living there , on continents much richer than europe and both subjects to european imperialism . 
  as a matter of fact if i had to divide the world in that period it would probably be europe and not europe . 
  also , i really find it hard to believe that they used guns far before europeans landed there because if they did they 'd probably be able to put up a fight against the colonizers . 
  i '' m not saying it is n't true-i 'm saying i find it hard to believe . 
  if you show me evidence of such a thing i will admit you 're right on that . 
  also , you 're pretty much pulling shit out of your ass right now . 
  mali funded the european renaissance ? 
  please . 
  in fact , are you suggesting that african technology was anywhere on par with european technology back then ? 
  because that is ridiculous . 
  also , i never justified genocide . 
  i 'm only saying it 's how things were back then . 
  europeans had the power so they conquered and killed and that 's what everyone would have done . 
  africans killed each other . 
  in fact the first slaves were not caught by europeans . 
  they were sold to europeans by africans . 
  genocide was just how things rolled back then . 
  europeans genocided other europeans all the time and it had nothing to do with race , just like africans genocided other africans-look up the rwandan genocide . 
  i never said they were inferior you just made that up so you could call me racist because that 's your winning argument . 
  i 'm not a sociopath i just see how the world was and is .
