  not so long ago i read an article about an italian boy who was murdered in london because he `` took their jobs '' . 
  the people who killed him ? 
  indians . 
   mini america . . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't hear you over our larger gdp and population and better health care . 
  oh , hey slowpoke . 
  better late than never though . 
  they are in a bad economic state because of corrupt politicians and being on the wrong side of the iron curtain . 
  the fact that they missed important periods such as the renaissance , the discovery of the new world and the industrial revolution does n't help either . 
  not only did they miss them , but they were part of , arguably , the most evil empire to ever exist . 
  stuff is being done about it . 
  not so sure about bulgaria but romania 's economy is growing very fast , faster than anyone in the eu if i remember correctly and bulgaria is also up there . 
  yeah , he 's the only attacker and the assist was glorious . 
  a good goal , from an okay attacker , from a genius assist . 
  simple as that . 
  yeah provably . 
  so far in this match he could 've passed in the last minute of the first half and we 'd have 2-1 . 
  but he wants to score . 
   also balotelli . 
  why ? 
  why is it that everyone keeps supporting balotelli ? 
  what do you like about him that much ? 
  to outplay him , as any other of england 's players . 
   africa could 've been like europe today , had we not screwed it up . 
  see , that 's not a smart thing to say . 
  when did colonialism start ? 
  in the 19th century . 
  africa had thousands of years to develop before that and the same goes for every other continent . 
  all people on earth had an equal start . 
  well except for europeans on the poorest continent . 
  and that 's what equality is all about-giving everyone an equal start , not an equal result . 
  for thousands of years , because africans were around for longer than europeans , they had very little development . 
  their pace was n't different . 
  it was practically unexistent . 
  asia 's pace was different . 
  no way for 200 years they could 've done the progress of 3000 . 
  you know this very well . 
  besides i 's arguable how much we screwed it up . 
  yes , we did horrible things . 
  enslavement , genocide , nobody will ever defend these atrocities . 
  however we also brought them technology and medicine they could not even dream of . 
  africa was screwed up before we came and remained screwed up after we left . 
  i do n't think africa 's current position is europeans ' fault . 
  the bad things we did are in the past and they do n't really affect the present . 
  the technology and medicine we brought them , however , does affect the present . 
  the reason for europe 's success is simple-because our continent is poor and small . 
  because of all the competition . 
  you can simply move across a huge desert . 
  your food does n't fall from trees unless you learn how to cultivate them . 
  you have six months of infertility and hunger . 
  as opposed to africa . 
  i 'm not saying africa had nothing . 
  but we have to agree that it was light years behind europe . 
  they had and still have tribes . 
  their music can not be compared to beethoven or bach . 
  and ethiopia eventually fell colonized . 
   but that did n't mean they did n't have their own civilization that worked and i never said that . 
  i was just taking issue with the fact you implied europe and africa were equally developed . 
  well i think we can win , but it 's far from sure . 
  in my opinion we can outplay them but i ca n't say the same for the referee . 
  i did n't say we were right . 
  what europeans did was awful . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it 's ridiculous to say europe and africa were equally developed . 
  because it 's stupid . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  singaporean 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  american ( standard ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  norwegian 2 . 
  swedish 3 . 
  english, 
  just because you can cure tb does n't mean i wan na get it and be cured from it . 
  yes it was absolutely the same , europe and africa . 
  they both had equally advanced cultures . 
  like europeans had guns and ships and africans had boats and spears . 
  an like europeans had mona lisa , david and the 9th symphony and africans had cave drawings and pieces of skin which they beat so they could create sound . 
  europe and africa were definitely equally developed before colonialism which is exactly why africans were able to stand their ground with their equally advanced technology and if europeans were n't satan 's spawn there would be a completely different result . 
  as if the negative impact on the economy , the rise of crime they bring and how they ruin everything that 's given to them was n't enough . 
  but no , they 'll also bring deadly diseases . 
  thank you holland . 
  i was in dire need of this since 2012 . 
  i like more of these songs than i 'd ever admit ... 
  unless it 's heroin . 
  look at all the excuses for being a fat ass . 
  well at least we know it 's not getting chile there during the tournament . 
  all you said is true , but that does n't change the fact snowden betrayed the us . 
  right , they hid them pretty well for a long time . 
   we have to remember that america is a our # 1 enemy and the # 1 threat to world peace . 
  thus :  by betraying his country , he has protected the interests of mine . 
  but it 's true . 
  the people rarely know what 's good for them . 
  there are thing they should n't know . 
  the us . 
  yeah , if you work for your government and expose secret operations carried out that 's pretty much betrayal . 
   will there be any talk of the people made homeless for stadiums , or the protests ? 
  never . 
   or is a circus more important than the people ? 
  1 ) it 's not a circus , it 's the world cup . 
  2 ) yes . 
  obviously i cheer italy and i think we have a chance .
