  in reality , she is just doing what the quran asks of her . 
   unrelated events . 
  all those events are in the name of islam . 
  that makes them related . 
  because you said it has nothing to do with islam . 
  there seem to be a lot of coincidences . 
  like 9/11 , paris , charlie hebdo , cologne . 
  so many coincidences it 's like they are n't coincidences at all . 
   i do n't see ** any reason ** to make anything aout of this womans ethnicity or religion . 
  what about the fact she was yelling allahu akbar ? 
  are you sure you are serbian ? 
  you ... you do realize snow starts to become brown/black in western europe too , right ? 
  it 's snow . 
  people walk on it , drive on it . 
  if you hate snow + sofia you 'll probably also hate any city with snow . 
  you think western european snow stays white and shiny and then just disappears ? 
  dude ... you do realize i 'm kind of fucking around . 
  yes , those lands were ours but that is no longer the case . 
  there are hardly any italians left there , i have absolutely no desire to get those territories back, 
  quiet , satelite state . 
  yeah , i 've lived on the balkans many years , albeit not in the former yugoslav countries . 
  maybe croats and slovenians kind of dislike us but that 's mostly because half of their territories are rightfully ours . 
  italy is very often the butt of jokes and whatnot but i am yet to meet anyone who truly dislikes italy . 
  the same can not be said about turkey . 
   russians do n't have much sympathy towards turkish people , am i right in saying that ? 
  similarly to anyone , anywhere . 
  well , the eu . 
  you 'll be seeing a situation similar to bulgaria/romania . 
  nato is more interesting here . 
  obviously , other nato members would have to help their new ally defend it 's borders ... and that 's exactly why ukraine wo n't enter nato . 
  it 's not about whiteness . 
  the way i see it it 's two things . 
  1 ) many of those colored immigrants are illegals . 
  very few america , canadian or australian immigrants are illegals . 
  2 ) no matter how you look at it , australia , the us and canada are western countries . 
  which means people from there mostly share western values and way of life . 
  and they adapt easily . 
  which can not be said for many immigrants from the middle east or africa . 
   cities never been to bucharest but both sofia and belgrade are pretty cool cities . 
  just stick to the centers unless you want to find yourself in a jungle of socialist-style buildings . 
   people again , only for serbia and bulgaria . 
  they are a bit colder than some others . 
  the women are gorgeous . 
   places in belgrade you should probably visit the big street with no cars and a little park with a fortress right next to it . 
  definitely try the local cuisine , if you like meat . 
  as for sofia , still stick to the center . 
  the big ass walking street is called vitosha but make sure to visit the yellow boulevard and the church alexander nevski . 
  also , if you want to visit a night club in sofia let me know and i 'll tell you most of what you need to know . 
   languages bulgarian and serbian are pretty similar and close to russian too but unless you know some of them you wo n't understand shit . 
  you wan na hear the ugly truth ? 
  the european population is aging . 
  as we europeans are getting older , we are also eventually dying . 
  and there are no kids to replace the dying ones . 
  meanwhile , money do n't really care about that . 
  nope , the economies need to grow , which means that consumption still needs to grow . 
  and who is it that consumes ? 
  the people . 
  who is it that pays taxes ? 
  the people . 
  with decreasing birth rates , the rich will also start getting poorer . 
  which they do n't want , of course . 
  so how do they stay rich ? 
  they throw in more demand . 
  more workers , who will also work for less money . 
  and the rich stay rich , and while they poor more poor people in the country , the middle class also starts also starts getting poorer because it adjusts to the level of the newcomers , meanwhile providing consumption . 
  which means that basically the poor stay poor , the middle class becomes poor and the rich get to keep being rich . 
  our economies rely on growing populations . 
  of course , that will also bring anger , conflict and hate . 
  this is meant to collapse eventually , because it is not economically sustainable as a model . 
  also , they are importing poor , uneducated people . 
  how is that supposed to work out ? 
  if you 've grown up in a country where it 's normal to kill your wife with stones because she did n't cover her face , you 're not going to do well in germany . 
  in my opinion immigration should not be ceased , but it should be limited-we should only accept people whom we know will be good contributions to our society . 
  the girls are beautiful . 
  use that information as you will . 
  around the 5 euros in italy for 20 pieces ( mine cost 5 euros but they are among the most expensive . 
  you can find usually find them at circa 4.60-4 .80 ) . 
  there are also 10 piece packs for about 2,50 euros . 
  varies though , you go to bulgaria , you will get them for half the price . 
  also , i * think * that if you buy tobacco and roll your own cigarettes , it comes out cheaper . 
   in your region , do you find that older men dating much younger women is significantly frowned upon ? 
  it 's usually respect for the guy then . 
   and conversely , is it frowned upon for much older women to date younger men ? 
  yes . 
  from venice he is very close to the who riviera romagnola which has among the best beaches in europe . 
  i strongly recommend going by train . 
  at least in western europe . 
  you see so much , totes worth it . 
   dress decently if you can . 
  in my personal experience i have seen quite a few americans and have reached the conclusion that this is impossible . 
  who wins when arabs and jews fight ? 
  society . 
  jokes aside , this problem is truly unsolvable . 
  they will just keep hating each other and that 's it . 
  not a swede but i highly doubt there is rising antisemitism . 
  arabs hate jews , that 's all . 
  not like swedes turned all nazi over night . 
  i wish i could change all the politicians . 
  bulgarians will also do . 
  considering all the scientific discoveries italians have done and how much italians still contribute to the world of science , i guess .
