  it 's not because of eurovision , it 's because i really thought the song was shitty . 
  but maybe the least shitty one this year . 
  he sung it really well , has a nice voice . 
  the song is just not something i 'd like . 
  i do acknowledge that some people may like it and i 'm all for it . 
  just shared my opinion . 
  i could be a great pimp , if i did n't have such a good fashion sense . 
  meh i liked the polish one . 
  maybe it was the boobs though . 
  pretty sure it was the boobs . 
   cash in hand jobs heh, 
  thank you . 
   ~ ~ shows that there are plenty of russians with common sense ~ ~ show that there are plenty of russians who are n't homophobic and have a shitty taste for music . 
  ftfy, 
  he is looking at his trophy after snapping his fingers and giving steve jobs cancer . 
  i thought he was only pointing out the obvious fact that this news is no surprise . 
  i noticed because initially i was planning to comment `` and what a surprise that is ! '', 
  no , he was sarcastic . 
  i just noticed how the italians react with sarcasm and the german takes the thing much more seriously . 
  they mean the same thing but put it in a different way . 
  kind of irrelevant but i love the other two comments in this thread . 
  from / u/godzilla815 , german :  well , no suprise there ... and from / u/alien1993 , an italian :  i totally did not expect this . 
  thought it was funny to see both similar and yet different reactions . 
  you should stop complaining if you complain for the sake of complaining . 
  otherwise suggest a solution . 
  if not what you 're saying is useless . 
  well those smart people have probably figured out there 's a problem already , no need to keep complaining . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  what / u/delicioussoup sai sounded much like `` if shitty indians can do it then so can anyone '', 
  i 'm serious . 
  same goes for bulgaria , really . 
  it is true that some of the outfits for officials and the ss proved to be not very comfortable . 
  but that does n't matter since the ss and the officers needed to be scary and overall give out a vibe that would cause fear and respect.as for normal soldiers , they did n't all have ss uniforms . 
  but yes , i agree that function is more important although i still think they looked pretty cool . 
  on a related not , the resemblance between the [ nazi uniforms ] ( http://wwwdelivery.superstock.com/wi/223/4048/previewcomp/superstock_4048-5758.jpg ) and the [ italian carabinieri uniforms ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-auj6iqt3b1s/uylp2mu7ysi/aaaaaaaada8/twqdm0gihtw/s1600/2010-12-04_210511+%2528large%2529.jpg ) is [ uncanny ] ( http://ridiculousitaly.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/2008-06-07-carabinieri-versus-ss-uniform.jpg ), 
  i do n't see why you think that africa is capable of doing what india does . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_national_socialist_workers_party this one looks cooler . 
  nazism = fascism + racism, 
  like most of nazi stuff . 
  have you seen their uniforms ? 
  from the hat to the boots . 
  the cars and machinery they made , everything looked so fucking cool . 
  i actually like italy 's ( which is actually just the flag of the rsi ) very much . 
  i personally think out current coat of arms is n't nice . 
  an eagle would be kick-ass . 
   but i 'm not offering a solution so why are you saying it in the first place ? 
  i do n't know about you but when i was little i was thought not to talk unless i have something to say and that if i say something it has to be of relevance . 
  for example , do n't talk about problems you ca n't offer a solution for because that 's just complaining . 
  i 'm sorry i really do n't understand what point you 're trying to make . 
  first you say there are too many languages then you say you like different languages and then you say you want everyone to speak the same language ? 
  i really do n't understand you . 
  are you suggesting we should eliminate some languages and leave some others ? 
  what your point . 
  well lucky for you everyone is learning english . 
  and i like to hear songs in other languages . 
  birthcontrol will not be a thing in africa . 
  for two main reasons , the latter being the bigger problem . 
  1 ) they do n't have money or education to understand why they should use birth control . 
  2 ) both christianity and islam are against it and tell those people they 'll go to hell , scaring them . 
  they are too religious and i 'm afraid that at least until the church changes it 's mind on contraception , people will not start using it . 
  it is a problem in europe too . 
  giving out contraception pills or condoms to gypsies by the authorities often results in those things being thrown in the nearest trash . 
  well sorry if people with different cultures have their own language . 
  boobs and sexual innuendos = sexist ? 
  not to mention another prick discovered america . 
  you know where irony is ? 
  that prick was italian . 
  small rich states-yes . 
  a strong united economy as a country-not really . 
  culturally-yes . 
  economically-probably not . 
  i assume you mean the roman days part , right ? 
  i was talking about returning to being the leader of europe . 
  the way i see the last time italy has been the leader of europe was during the roman empire . 
   i bet you that in the next 10 years , italy will return to be the leader of europe , the locomotive of europe . 
  the italy of my children will be at head of europe , economically . 
  yup , just like in the good ol' roman days . 
  actually time to complain :  we would n't have had monetary and financial stability . 
  lol . 
  cause we are so bloody stable . 
  you know when i read this interview , to most of the questions i would answer the exact same things . 
  but promises and promises renzi . 
  kind of got ta keep them every once in a while . 
  i 'd give him a year of trust . 
  a few months have already passed . 
  from what i understand they think people have brainwashed us into loving drugs , gayness and other `` horrible '' things . 
  i think that the russians are pushing the opinion that western europeans are okay but have been corrupted by their government and media . 
  you know , much like we 're saying russians are okay but they are brainwashed by government and media . 
  no , pretty sure that is hungary . 
  italy can not in this drawing . 
  whatever we 'll have our own music festival !, 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  * sanremo magically appears * oh wait , eurovision is actually a cheap copy of sanremo you say ? 
  bitches . 
  not including us . 
  we made this thing . 
  but i 'm not muslim so that would n't really be my natural habitat , right ? 
  sooo , like ... do italians count as exotic ? 
  as in , can i volunteer , be put in a human zoo , be fed , be given healthcare , be given drinks while all i do in return is gracefully scratch my balls for all the norwegians to see me ? 
  yep .
