  they change with time and are not a constant . 
  so put them aside . 
  answer me . 
  they are under no obligation ? 
  well , are we ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  they better accept them . 
  they 're just as lost without our money as we are without their oil , even more lost . 
  mass immigration is slowly destroying europe , so yes , everything is worth it . 
  jihadist become more and more , they bring their jihadism to europe and i do not want to live in fear . 
  we should finally settle it . 
  besides war would be ridiculous . 
  are you implying african countries will last more than a couple of days in a war ? 
  first of all , would you stop downvoting me ? 
  that 's not how discussion is done . 
  i am aware of the atrocities in africa , of the history , of rodolfo graziani and all . 
  overall , however , many people died which is really sad . 
  but currently people in africa know of electricity , cars and all that stuff . 
  that 's like aliens coming down to earth , killing a few million people and giving us the technology of going to other galaxies . 
  mathematically and statistically , morals aside , it 's worth it . 
  well i guess if the eu stands together we can just flip off the eu 's stupid rules . 
  and just escort them back . 
  the country has to accept them since that is where they departed from . 
  libya can also escort them back to where they came from to libya . 
  and if they do n't agree to this i see no problem with invading them . 
  italy . 
  atrocities happen . 
  overall though , europeans brought a lot of stuff to their colonies in terms of technology , law and medicine . 
  which , then again leads to my pre-paragraph inclusion . 
  so be it . 
  to protect the interests of an italian child in italy i 'd jail the living shit out of every illegal immigrant . 
  what is more my other question still stands-why not escort them back to africa as soon as we see them ? 
  so that just gets us back to good ol' shore detention . 
  actually yeah . 
  with all the technology and medicine and everything we brought to people , you 'd think someone is not thankful enough . 
  yes , that is the one i meant . 
  i read you discussion with the other guy who wanted to shoot people ( really m8 , wtf ? ), 
  and i saw you were asking for the solution so i edited it . 
  we will not ask african governments to cooperate . 
  if the said african country 's government does n't agree , the country will get a new government . 
  to cover the costs i mentioned using the resources of the country . 
  african countries have shown themselves unable to create working society , so it needs to be created by someone else . 
  for their children , actually . 
  so they can live in an organized world . 
  and you know what , maybe you 're right . 
  maybe this will bring even more war . 
  how about we establish military presence in the north of africa . 
  like a territory 5 kilometers deep in north african countries where we have stationed troops stopping people from getting on boats in the first place . 
  did you not read my last paragraph ? 
  if this is done , no children will come . 
  and yes . 
  i 'm sorry but such is life . 
  the world is n't a disney movie . 
  i personally would n't jail them . 
  i 'd just escort them back to african shores as soon as i see them in the sea . 
   are you going to put them in inhumane prisons ? 
  yes . 
  you want a solution ? 
  here 's a solution . 
  the eu establishes military presence in africa . 
  everywhere that we need to . 
  we keep them safe . 
  military fucking presence . 
  impose rules , help these countries develop . 
  demobilize local armies , stop guns from going in , make them impossible to get . 
  give ourselves absolute authority for the better good . 
  of course , in exchange for our peace keeping we will get to use the resources of the country . 
  and no one will emigrate from there , african countries will become a better place . 
  so technically the whole world was part of europe ? 
  i think the polish fiat was pretty cool . 
  let 's just say i 'm neither denying nor confirming the claim that everyone drives a ferrari ... 
  i 'd like the eu to be a * the * superpower in time . 
  we have the absolute potential to do it . 
  probably not / u/goshuk himself but a lot of turks are in delusion , erdogan shining as a prime example with his ambition of returning the ottoman glory of turkey . 
  do you imagine how ridiculous it would be if italy 's prime minister started talking about the restoration of the roman empire ? 
  it is * our * cheese . 
  and the baltics are part of both nato and the eu . 
  not a chance . 
  wow dude it would appear you have figured out all the west 's propaganda , lies and ideas . 
  i guess it 's time to admit the truth , huh my western kamerads ? 
  time to put the cars on the table . 
  the eu was formed by the pure blooded aryan nations of france , belgium , luxembourg , italy , netherlands and our overlords-the germans . 
  since we learned from our past mistake-ww2 - we have decided that glorious , proud culture of the slavs can not be defeated through firearms . 
  so we waged economic war on you . 
  the brits , too proud at first , also joined at the idea of an overall aryan colonial superiority . 
  since then we have waged our politics of total , utter devastation on what we consider inferior nations . 
  first we started with the mediterraneans . 
  the spanish and greeks will be first ones to fall . 
  meanwhile italy is also torturing and destroying it 's mediterranean population to the south . 
  other aryan nations like sweden and finland have joined our cause to rid the world of everyone . 
  of course our urge for blood is fueled by searing hate . 
  we have started destroying our nemesis-the slavs . 
  we started with the slavs of central europe . 
  i mean look at how their life has worsened since they left the glorious soviet union 's sphere of influence . 
  they were rich and awesome and now we 're making their countries worse . 
  the we stroke at the south slavs . 
  centuries ago we destroyed the slavic culture of romania . 
  now bulgaria and croatia are our next victims . 
  these slavs will fall before us . 
  we started ukraine to stop their brotherhood with russia .
