  do you know how rarely that happens ? 
  i think you watch too many hollywood movies where they always blame the innocent hero . 
   that it 's very easy for you to talk about vengeance from the comfort of your home , but what justice or vengeance is there for those that your ideology puts behind bars unfairly ? 
  none . 
  you give zero craps . 
  again , putting innocent people behind bars is very very rare . 
  it 's much more likely that a criminal gets away because of lack of proof than putting an innocent person behind bars . 
   no , we should do what 's necessary for the protection of society . 
  this : so what is ? 
   is n't . 
  this is you getting off on torture . 
  and if it 's the wrong guy ? 
  does n't matter . 
  punishing the guilty is more important than protecting innocent citizens . 
  yes , because statistically speaking out of 10 000 prisoners there will be 2 people maximum that are there and do n't deserve it . 
  life is unfair and you live in a life of a ideology . 
  it 's ai n't all sunshine and butterflies . 
  so yes , unfortunately those 2 people are the sacrifice society must make in order to punish the other 9 998 criminals . 
  yeah , cold and rational but still vengeance . 
  because if someone punched my mother , i 'd want to break all their bones . 
  however , this is unfair-breaking all his bones is not the same as him punching someone . 
  so that is why we have state justice-so that it responds with vengeance equal to the crime . 
  so in that case instead of my punishment which is unfair , the state will carry out a vengeance that responds to the crime . 
  depending on how hard the hit was and the results are , the punch can result in anywhere between him having to pay some money or go to prison . 
  state justice is still vengeance , it 's just a non-emotional vengeance which responds to the severity of the crime . 
   because hey , holy shit , the guy we put in prison for 15 years was innocent after all ? 
  that 's why the juridical system has all this stuff like evidence and testimonies . 
  prosecutors . 
  you know , so we only put actual criminals behind bars . 
  and mistakes happen every one in a while but what 's your point ? 
  these mistakes are a necessary sacrifice because by your logic we can never really know if anyone did anything . 
  should just let everyone out ? 
  after all they * may * be free , right ? 
  okay . 
  i 'd like to say i find this study based on studies not too trustworthy . 
  having that said , you at least have some kind of proof for your words , while i have none so i 'm willing to admit that rehabilitation is probably more effective than punishment . 
  i 'm not an idiot and i 'm not one of those people who are unwilling to change their mind . 
  so good on you . 
  it is highly likely that you are right . 
  moreover , i 'm willing to argue that rehabilitation is n't necessarily related to super good conditions . 
  however this does not change the fact that i still want vengeance . 
  the state is elected by us , the citizens , to carry out our wishes . 
  as it is human nature , most citizens will be keen on the state punishing someone who harmed them . 
  so this is it-the state is not an ultimate authority organism , it is not god . 
  the state is a mere political organism which has been chosen to be the people . 
  the state 's justice must be the people 's justice , society 's justice . 
  therefore i have a word on the dispension of justice , for it is my interests that the state must follow . 
  first of all , we 've gone too far from the subject of immigration . 
  second of all , i want my vengeance . 
  i wan na kick the fucker in the throat . 
  i 'm a mere mortal , sorry if that 's below you , jesus . 
  third i 'm willing to reconsider my position on the effectiveness of a soft approach in prisons if you cite your studies . 
  of course it 's a vengeance system . 
  when someone comes in my home and kills my mom i do n't want to rehabilitate him . 
  i want that piece of shit to suffer . 
  he 's not a functioning member of society , he 's a worthless piece of shit that must pay for what he 's done . 
  do you know how they wo n't reoffend ? 
  when they fear . 
  when they know that what 's coming to them is going to make them regret . 
  when they live nicely they wo n't understand why they 've done something wrong . 
  and why would they ? 
  they 're basically being rewarded for doing offenses . 
  why would they not repeat them ? 
  no , no , his prison time must give him nightmares and he must tremble when he knows what 's coming for him . 
  treating criminals as criminals . 
  overall locking them up and basically giving them only the things they need to survive without harming them if no necessary . 
  no fun , nothing they will enjoy , their life should feel like having a little stone in their shoe . 
  it 's not really doing anything all that bad to them but it 's not comfortable , and it 's not nice . 
  criminals are scum , they do n't deserve to be treated like free citizens . 
  and the free citizens should n't have to pay for the life of these people for it is unfair . 
  they should work to get their own food . 
   you measure the degree of civilisation of a society by how it treats its weakest members i disagree with this but even if it were true , it 's not like refugees are actually members of our civilization in the first place . 
  i do not agree certain things are human rights . 
  treating criminals as criminals is not a violation of human rights . 
  i know it 's not only refugees that kill people , but we do something for the refugees who kill people . 
  if the killer is a born and bred italian , there 's nothing you can really do to prevent him from killing someone . 
  on the other hand , stopping immigrant crime is much easier-just do n't let them in . 
  and why are we pretending ? 
  you and me both know how much crime immigration brings . 
  it does . 
  and italian is much less likely to kill someone than an immigrant , simple as that . 
  and we can prevent the latter . 
  and again , what about my right to not pay for these people who have done nothing for me ? 
  i have n't agreed to what counts as human right violations . 
  i never voted , nobody asked me . 
  we 're not killing them and we 're giving them a chance to be deported as soon as possible . 
  we do n't owe them anything and what we would be giving them if we adopted australia 's policy is already more than enough . 
  more than they deserve for sure . 
  and what about my rights ? 
  what about my right to not get murdered on the street because i decide to visit the suburbs of an italian city ? 
  what about my right to not pay for random criminals ' welfare ? 
  why are their rights more important than mine ? 
  well too fucking bad . 
  i said the solution is not perfect , but it is the best one out there . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mandatory_detention_in_australia it 's not a perfect solution but it 's the best one out there if we do n't wan na shoot people . 
  cheaper than giving them a place to stay and paying welfare for years to come . 
  plus , i think prisoners ( not only illegals , prisoners in general ) should work for teh state so they can pay for their food . 
  ever heard of australia 's immigration policy ? 
  no really . 
  i did n't think it was good .
