  now , i 'm off to oppress some women . 
  threatening to turn off the gas = / = mocking the west . 
  talk about sensationalist titles . 
  yes please . 
  i 'm not defending jumping on an unarmed man but what did he expect ? 
  to be served vodka and pickles ? 
  i read somewhere that the eu has shale gas , the countries i read about were bulgaria and romania . 
  if the people are still russian/still feel russian i do n't see the big problem . 
  yes , but the situation is different . 
  crimean russians did n't immigrate there . 
  crimea was russian in the first place and given to ukraine in the ussr . 
  nice example with germany invading poland though . 
  that is unfortunately true . 
  however do you not need a citizenship and residence to vote ? 
  i mean a citizenship means yo have the right to vote . 
  so you can exercise it , right ? 
  so the people to be shipped in technically have the right for their opinion to be heard . 
  and i mean it 's not like the soldiers can invade the voting boots right ? 
  on the other hand , [ nevermind ] ( http://wstatic.dcinside.com/new/foreign/russia3.jpg ), 
  is n't that fair ? 
  i mean no military conflict , no victims and the people can decide what they are . 
  the crimeans ( supposedly ) go to russia which they consider their motherland and the ukrainians get to have their wish-become closer with the west . 
  seems like a win-win . 
  crimea was a gift from kruschev from russia to ukraine in the ussr , no ? 
  it 's only fair that now that the ussr is gone the russians live in russia and the ukrainians get closer to the eu . 
  it 's not fair that people of one nation should be forced to be ruled by another . 
  can confirm . 
  the italian has a mustache . 
  treason ? 
  maybe she 's a russian person serving russia-her country . 
  yes , technically you 're right . 
  modern italian is the evolution of a vulgar latin etruscan . 
   but this is just an argument why standard italian could , or perhaps should , be considered `` modern latin '' . 
  bit italian * is * considered modern latin . 
  i 've always considered it modern latin . 
  no language has ever stayed the same for all time and neither has latin . 
  as for the non-italian romance languages i 'm willing to argue that lombard italian and venetian italian are basically a different romance language than sicilian and napoletanean italian . 
  yes modern day italians-it 's just too late . 
  the time to do that is long gone . 
  i 'm just saying it would be neat . 
  also i think that beauty and war deserve different words . 
  i am aware of that . 
  but it also includes 15 year olds . 
  and such a study does n't give an exact definition of sexual violence so it 's not very trustworthy . 
  actually today 's italian is mostly based on the florentine dialect . 
  that is because florence had a very interesting culture after the fall of rome and the masterpieces of italian literature ( decameron by bocaccio , inferno by dante ) were florentinian . 
  also if i were to add something to the reasons italians do n't speak latin i guess it would be analfabetism ( is that a word in english ? ), 
  was very high in italy . 
  in the 1800 's the only western european nation with a mostly analfabet population was italy . 
  people did n't learn so everyone spoke their bastardized by lack of education latin until eventually dialects were created and the people who made the country just decided on the new language to not be latin . 
  having that said latin evolved differently in different parts of italy . 
  it would be awesome if italy spoke latin though . 
  sounds so much cooler than italian . 
  i 'd love that . 
  well that 's kind of irrelevant . 
  this is sexual violence by 15 year old kids . 
  what is defined as sexual violence ? 
  slapping a girl 's ass in the school 's hallway ? 
  it 's kind of unrelated to killing your spouse/girlfriend . 
  however i do stand by the fact that italy is no more violent than other european countries . 
  also important to note that scandinavian countries have a much broader definition of sexual violence than italy . 
  it is spineless . 
  but then again , what are they supposed to do ? 
  well i see you have a point about the gas . 
  either way what you said was my larger point . 
  there is no way this is going to turn into some eu vs russia war-it is politically suiting for neither and people are overreacting . 
  while this is obvious our governments are putting oil in the fire by talking about the poor ukrainians while doing nothing to help them . 
  because all our governments want is to suit their own political agenda and intensify the us vs them feeling . 
  while it is obvious that we will not take action against russia . 
  meanwhile the ukrainians are suffering . 
  putin is well aware he has us by the balls . 
  i mean seriously it 's all talk . 
  you think anyone is going to do anything about russia ? 
  do n't think so . 
  they 'll cut our gas . 
  more nukes than anyone . 
  no sane person will go into nuclear war because of ukraine . 
  sorry for ukrainians but it is true . 
  this is n't ww3 or anything and it is my personal opinion that people are overreacting . 
  the eu and the us are also playing their political agenda in front of the people . 
  look at us , we 're the good guys we want to help the poor ukrainians . 
  meanwhile ukrainians are alone . 
  has anyone sent any kind of support to them ? 
  like even money or weapons ? 
  the eu and the us are just barking dogs . 
  i do n't give a shit , i want my shores safe . 
  no , it does n't explain anything . 
  if libya can fuck us over by sending them to us , we can answer with the same treatment . 
  not like they stand a chance . 
  oooh and what is libya gon na do ? 
  fight us ? 
  shoot at our navy ? 
  the quran does n't ask exactly that . 
  it asks to kill infidels . 
   quran ( 3:151 ) - `` soon shall we cast terror into the hearts of the unbelievers , for that they joined companions with allah , for which he had sent no authority ''  quran ( 8:12 ) - `` i will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve . 
  therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them ''  quran ( 8:39 ) - `` and fight with them until there is no more fitna ( disorder , unbelief ) and religion is all for allah ''  quran ( 9:5 ) - `` so when the sacred months have passed away , then slay the idolaters wherever you find them , and take them captive and besiege them and lie in wait for them in every ambush , then if they repent and keep up prayer and pay the poor-rate , leave their way free to them . '', 
   quran ( 9:14 ) - `` fight against them so that allah will punish them by your hands and disgrace them and give you victory over them and heal the breasts of a believing people . '', 
  should i continue or is this clear enough ? 
  wow , are you a psychologist working on her case ? 
  how did you decide she was mentally ill ?
