  i am a strong supporter of the claim that everything is economics . 
  they see how they live nice , how they get away with crime-they 're living a life of privilege . 
  they want that life so no reason to integrate . 
  all the benefits they get is the reason they 're not integrating . 
  the fact that you 're asking this question makes you one of those muslims i 'd be okay with . 
  however you 're asking this question here which is among the liberal places on the internet so something makes me think you 're an attention whore . 
  ask stormfront or whatever website you read shit from . 
  but first we should celebrate by eating something and a nice nap . 
  #masterplan , #success , #mediterraneanproductivity , #intelligence, 
  when we invade sweden , spain can invade norway and greece can invade denmark . 
  sign up for the army . 
  it was never the mafia 's goal to kill average , normal everyday people . 
  i recently read about a masterplan to better the situation in italy : step # 1 : attack sweden . 
  step # 2 : kidnap a bunch of hot blondes . 
  step # 3 : go back to italy . 
  step # 4 : wait for the viking counter attack . 
  step # 5 : get conquered and become part of sweden . 
  step # 6 : ??? 
  step # 7 : profit . 
  credits to the guy who wrote it in / r/italy but i do n't remember his username . 
   were vikings mead-swilling and pillaging hooligans , or civilising craftspeople , poets and merchants ? 
  i always kind of thought they were all those things together . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  this seems like a dick move towards bulgaria . 
  all other streams are running . 
  the part where they 'd actually pay me to go to university . 
  that would be awesome . 
  the other 20 % are not huge fans though . 
  go to siberia and ask them yourself . 
  yeah , spain is one of those guys though . 
  you know him , that 's why we all love him . 
  hmmm , i 've been to rome ... and fiumicino . 
  jokes aside . 
  i never said the people of the south are stupid . 
  i just said they need to get their shit together . 
  and i never said it should happen overnight . 
  but as you said it 's been 150 years . 
  get your shit together . 
  well , i 'll just tick to the approved books and encyclopedias and you stick to terroni . 
  besides you 're now talking about the smallest-thing , an insult at a football match . 
  i mentioned it to show you how southerners often get a free pass for their bullshit because they can just yell `` racism '' . 
  the fact remains-the south of italy must finally get it 's shit together . 
  fuck you , you dobby hating assholes . 
  i thought greece was at 40 % ? 
  did things get better in greece then ? 
  if so great for the greeks , sucks for andalusians . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  an unknown , biased author is more trustworthy than thousands of historians , from italy and beyond ? 
  sure . 
  well i 'm sorry . 
  if i came and threw a bottle with piss at you i 'm pretty sure you 'd insult me . 
  or punch me in the face . 
  i do not defend the juve fans but i ask : why were n't napoli punished too ? 
  you know well what i meant by middle school books . 
  anything besides a book by an unknown author . 
  just pick any book on the unification of italy and you 'll see who was ahead . 
  how is `` noi non siamo napoletani '' an insult ? 
  is it an insult towards brits if i say '' ` i 'm not british '' . 
  they take it as an insult and you should draw your conclusions from that . 
  i do n't deny there is racism towards the south . 
  a month does n't pass without hearing at least one `` maledetti terroni '' . 
  it 's in no way affecting the shitty economy of the south . 
  i gave you this example as to see who gets punished . 
  why did the juve fans get punished ? 
  because they 're the northeners . 
  the fair thing would be for both teams to be punished but no , just the northeners . 
  as for the lega nord . 
  first of all the lega nord is not longer wanting separation for some years now . 
  second of all wanting separation does n't mean racism . 
  are the scottish racist against the english ? 
  i think not . 
  and maybe you should give yourself a minute to think why 3 out of italy 's 4 richest regions have ( or recently had ) lega nord 's people as leaders . 
  i do n't think the south was in any way shape or form screwed over more than the north . 
  and even if so , yeah , how about moving on ? 
   italy was united in 1861 , how come more than 140 years were n't enough to make southern italy on par with the rest of italy ? 
  that 's not normal to me , something must be off yeah , you know what i agree . 
  * something * must be off . 
  this problem will never be resolved . 
  the northeners wo n't start thinking like southerners and vice-versa . 
  the austrians wo n't start thinking like greeks . 
  so what is off ? 
  after all those years of investment , of fighting crime , of smaller taxes and of overall tolerating and helping the south what * is * off ? 
  you tell me . 
  oh and by the way why is territorial racism even a thing ? 
  we 're the same race , someone made a fucking stupid term . 
  you named a book that you yourself admitted was badly written and biased . 
  i will recommend to open any history book for middle school . 
  northeners are not involved in the south 's problem . 
  you 've only seen good from us . 
  northeners do n't treat anyone like the filth of the world . 
  in fact it has recently turned the other was around . 
  for example this year in serie a. 
  there was a match between juventus and napoli in turin . 
  fans of napoli filled bottles with piss and started throwing them at the juve fans . 
  juve was sanctioned because of `` territorial racism '' . 
  talk about who is treated more like shit . 
  anyway , as i said even if the mille were no angels this is how all of italy was united . 
  we 're gon na look at old grudges ? 
  what about the fact that at every possibility in a war , including in the punic wars the south of italy has always somehow managed to betray the north . 
  but that 's all bullshit and it 's all past .
