  that 's kind of the truth , i see no way in which it 's fascist , mostly because fascism is mostly an economic ideology . 
  i think that those paragraphs kind of prove my words . 
  you did get firearms from us . 
  also we were talking about instruments , not marching bands . 
  the romans had drummers march with the army . 
  indirectly is basically turks being asses and something good coming out of it . 
   like how you enslaved natives of americas and black people and had them do your shit for you and fuck the rest of the world gradually ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  i never said europeans were the good guys . 
  but if we were bad we were the best at being bad . 
  romans are romanticized because there 's a reason for them to be . 
  a society vastly superior to anyone who lived in their time , a society of harsh justice , discipline and precision . 
  a people who basically shaped the world into what it is today , together with the greeks . 
   kick off the renaissance you mean by torturing and murdering all the romans of the eastern roman empire so they had to flee to italy and inspire the renaissance ? 
   the discovery of the new world yeah , when you fucked us all over by not letting us get products from asia so we had to look for new possibilities . 
   modern musical instruments lol wut ? 
   firearms and such have been introduced to europe just no . 
  it was actually europeans who made cannons for you thanks to which you took constantinopole . 
  basically if you 've done anything good for us it 's by screwing us over . 
  like you know you bully a kid at school for being fat and eventually he loses weight . 
  you 're still a douche . 
  and his prosperity helped him go further because he had to deal with the douche . 
  also , i agree turkey influenced europe , but so did china . 
  china is still not european . 
   turkey is culturally , geographically and historically is a part of europe . 
  maybe historically , other than that you 're just ridiculous . 
  enlighten me where the turks come from . 
  rome enslaved but : 1 ) turkey was horrible to the enslaved nations . 
  much more than the romans . 
  2 ) rome brought culture . 
  rome brought light . 
  turkey brought darkness . 
  3 ) atrocities were committed by both but the romans did them 2000 not 200 years ago . 
  i really do n't understand why the turks claim to be european . 
  is being asian not good enough for them ? 
  because by europe they understand western europe . 
  the fact that they held it means very little . 
  they held land in europe , it does n't make them europeans . 
  the brits held land in asia , that does n't make them asian . 
  they 've always been a burden for europeans-they enslaved nations on the balkans , they fought the italians in the mediterranean , the austrians on land . 
  just a burden . 
  also , turkish culture initiated in the middle east , and the middle east is still where turkey is . 
  russian culture initiated in kievan rus ( europe ) and from the moscovites ( europe ) . 
  russia is huge , but everything outside of europe is just conquered territories by europeans . 
  territories that still remain under a european country , much similarly to france which still holds territories outside of europe . 
  except most of russia 's population is european , their history is europeans and most importantly-their culture is european . 
  hey germans where is your engineering joke now ? 
  i 'm pretty white :p, 
  i meant liguria is n't real north . 
  maybe i 'm a terrone on the inside . 
   liguria  north pick one, 
  northener is like a word for people from the north . 
  you 're a terrone . 
  surprisingly enough , born and bred northener . 
   dude , those are the very highly publicized ones . 
  maybe . 
  it 's still very very rare . 
   those are the ones we know for certain . 
  likely the real list is magnitudes larger . 
  maybe . 
  proof ? 
   my problem is n't with the system . 
  my problem is with your desire for their torture , which servers no purpose for society other than your personal satisfaction . 
  i never supported torture . 
  i just said they should feel kind of shitty in there because they 're criminals . 
   also , could i have a source on that number ? 
  currently there are about 65 000 prisoners in italy . 
  those cases are since 1969 . 
  a minimum of people prison since then , and it is at least the double , is 100 000 prisoners . 
  then you have 5 cases like this . 
  100 000 divided by 5 is 20 000 . 
  so yes , 1 for 20 000 , although the number is probably even smaller . 
  perhaps . 
  i would have assumed that it is the same in this context . 
  punishing them for vengeance . 
   read the whole thing . 
  but i guess all of those people were necessary sacrifices , right ? 
  ummm ... yeah . 
  i 've got ta say that this article kind of proves what i 'm claiming . 
  do you realize how few these people are ? 
  that 's five people for italy . 
  five . 
  since 1969 . 
  5 fucking people . 
  in 35 years . 
  there are 65 000 people in italy currently . 
  it 's not 2 in 10 000 is vastly exaggerated . 
   which is how it 's supposed to work . 
  innocent before guilty . 
  yeah , and it does . 
  when someone wrongs you , it 's justice . 
  when you wrong someone , life is unfair . 
  i did n't personally wrong them . 
  the system did . 
  it 's not perfect , but it is the best we have . 
   and that 's the point . 
  what i want from the justice system is protection of society and fairness . 
  which is what it does and sometimes 1 in 20 000 is wronged by it . 
   i am so goddamn happy you 're not a judge i may be . 
   yeah , and sometimes innocent people because the system is n't perfect .
