  you want to live in an utopia . 
  europeans pretty much were aliens to both africans and american indians . 
  they even though europeans were gods and started handing them gifts because of that for god 's sake . 
  europeans ' weapons looked like magic . 
  europeans ' boats looked like magic . 
  they did n't have any major developments since humans started in africa . 
  why would you assume they 'd start developing all of a sudden if europeans had n't gone there ? 
  any why the fuck are you bringing race into this ? 
  not everything is about race . 
  did i anywhere mention race ? 
  but i guess it 's easy that when you 're unable to express a coherent thought you just call the other person racist and that magically proves your point . 
  you know , it 's people like you that keep racism alive . 
  just bringing race in on completely unrelated topics . 
  well i said that if an aliens species came and killed millions of us for galactic travel it would be worth it . 
  in which i defended imperialism how ? 
  from what i see all i said was that colonial empires brought technology to their subjects which is completely true . 
  i have not deleted any of the comments i 've made since the creation of this account . 
  i claim to have never defended imperialism . 
  i want you to show me a comment in which i have defended imperialism or supported it . 
  oh my god , i actually remember being involved with that one . 
  i ca n't believe you 're still beating that dead horse to make your point . 
  i find it funny that in a thread about not downvoting people because they go against the hivemind , you 're being downvoted for going against it . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  why i feel a bond with my countrymen ? 
  why do you feel a bond with your family ? 
  i do n't believe the same things as my family , i do n't have the same lifestyle . 
  but they 're still my family . 
  we share the way we grew up , values and genes . 
  although in a broader way , the same goes for your nation . 
  we share a culture , values and genes . 
  also , nationalism never caused damage . 
  xenophobia and racism have . 
  you can love your country and nation and respect other countries , nations and cultures at the same time . 
  here 's how i see it . 
  first i 'm from my family , then from my town , from my region , from my country , an european , and then an inhabitant of earth . 
  every single one of these comes after the former in importance . 
  so yes , me and my nation are related people-by culture , by genetic material , by language and so on and so forward . 
  together we have built our country . 
  just like a family builds it 's home . 
  anyone else is my guest and he better respect the rules of my home . 
  if he came as an uninvited guest he better make my home a better place . 
  in a sense if i were in that fence with people for long enough , we 'd create a society that would probably be important to me in some way . 
  also , i 'm not the one downvoting you . 
  or anywhere in the world . 
  how is it not ? 
  a country is much like a house for a huge family-the nation . 
  in your home you put furniture , running water , electricity , keep it warm etc. 
  this home might not be built by you-it may be built by your parents but it 's still your home . 
  likewise , in your country you establish infrastructure , healthcare , running water , electricity , public transport . 
  it may have been done by your ancestors just like your home may have been made by your parents but it 's still yours . 
  no they have been accepted to my home and they have to help my home become a better place . 
  otherwise they have no business in my home . 
  [ no words ] ( http://mrwgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/johnny-storm-checking-out-his-fire-hand-in-fantastic-four.gif ), 
  amazing how much vinnie jones looks like cantona . 
  missed some good ` ol german jokes . 
  you 're a turk on an european forum . 
  hmmm ... 
  i thought polish people do n't take their shoes off . 
  i always do in my home . 
  why would i want to hand them anything ? 
  they 're here to help my economy , remember . 
  they only reason they should be here is to serve my interests . 
  they should give us for being accepted no the other way around . 
  i should n't pay for them to not kill me . 
  they should be thankful for being accepted . 
  as for italians . 
  italians do n't cause problems anymore . 
  they used to . 
  not anymore . 
  they integrated because they were given no privileges . 
  obviously what i meant did not translate well . 
  i do n't want to treat them like shit , i want to treat the like equals . 
  equality , however , is not how many people see it . 
  equality is about giving people an equal opportunity , not an equal result . 
  and people seem to fail to understand that . 
  so what i say is-stop giving immigrants privileges . 
  treat them as equals and they will integrate . 
  i think it is also the change of civilization . 
  you know polish and italian cultures are different but we 're all part of western civilization so the differences between us are rather small culture shocks like who takes their shoes off when they come inside . 
  but overall all europeans share the same values and morals while muslims are completely different . 
  oh well thank you for raising your point and presenting a nice counter argument . 
  you 've been really helpful to the discussion . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
   quite frankly , i just do n't understand how they fail to integrate i have a controversial theory about it . 
  i think that in order for immigrants to integrate they need to be treated like shit . 
  why i 'm saying this ? 
  bear with me . 
  let 's take immigrant groups who were treated like shit . 
  in my opinion we need to concentrate on mass migrations . 
  i have decided to take as an example italian and irish immigrants to the us . 
  they were treated like shit and second class humans . 
  each had their mobs and all . 
  after heavy discrimination the average italian and irish people who were n't criminals realized they ca n't live like this . 
  that they have to integrate to live like normal human beings because otherwise they 'd be treated like shit . 
  and they did . 
  you do n't hear about any problems with italian and irish communities in the us-because they realized that to live they need to integrate . 
  now let 's take a look at current immigrants in europe . 
  why the hell would they want to integrate ? 
  they have everything given to them ** because ** they are not integrating . 
  they are given everything-housing , transportation , education etc.
