  kindle sam ja narucio sa amazon.com kada je kindle keyboard bio najnoviji model - znaci ima nekih 3 ili 4 godine . 
  kindle fire hd ( 8.9 ) ili book reader ? 
  a huge variety of scholarships ftw - i was paid to skip class, 
  europe fuck yeah . 
  sorry but how is any of this funny ? 
  it seems like nothing more than the usual tv presenter boring , cringe-worthy behavior . 
  as a european - ... what . . what else could they possibly be ? 
  i was wondering where should i send mine , thanks for the info . 
  for 35 $ you can buy a shitload of candles in europe . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  update : also , for 35 $ i can ask my father to scrape some bee wax from his hobby honeycombs and i 'll make you a real thing ( not a scented soy sauce ) . 
  lamps are awesome !, 
  and when you woke up you were happy the whole morning as that just might have been the best dream you ever had . 
  move to zagreb - for example everyone knows i 'm an atheist and no one gives a damn . 
  your parents will never know and you already know the language and i presume could get the citizenship without any problems . 
  it 's a big mistake to identify hercegovinian identity with the croatian altogether . 
  a good analogy would be the northern part of the us vs the south ; with the north being the northern and western croatia vs the bosnian croats being the south . 
  you should travel a bit trough croatian lands and see the difference for yourself . 
  and off course do n't do the same old mistake that i always see slavonians and hercegovinians do - make friends and talk to only people from your own region . 
  do\u0111i na oktoberfest i kupi kindle u lokalnom mediamarktu ( siguran sam da dr\u017ee amazon tablete tak da bi trebali i book readere ) . 
  it 's quite obviously pretty ugly for a castle ; do n't see why all the downvotes ... 
   sailing is a rich mans sport . 
  nope , at least not in coastal european countries . 
  i would also guess usa and australia too . . 
  good point but i think no one of the sailors in those events actually own their own sailboat - it 's provided firstly by their local sailing club and for the olympics by the national sports/sailing association . 
  source : have a friend that did some sailing - never had to pay for anything but the 10 eur monthly club membership fee, 
  i 'm just going to leave this here :, 
  can confirm , am european and know the whole 1962 rice university jfk speech by heart . 
  though it 's definitely my most favorite speech ever made . 
  seems like the european side of the roman empire still enjoys wine the most . 
  is that at stari grad , hvar ? 
  damn , i miss that place . 
  i have a girlfriend and a healthy amount of friends ( i 'm emphasizing this just to discourage your further bigotry ) and like to travel alone as well . 
  i also prefer to stay in a hotel as it 's usually a bit more expensive than a hostel but provides you with a lot more comfort , breakfast and most importantly a personal space . 
  traveling alone gives you a lot of unique opportunities that traveling in a group does not . 
  you can for example explore your unique interests ( not shared with your friends ) , read a book , enjoy the atmosphere without having to maintain a conversation , change plans whenever you feel like it , etc. 
  furthermore spending some time alone gives you a glimpse into yourself , you can explore your inner thoughts and reactions in this new environment . 
  do n't take it personally but from my personal experience people that disdain the idea of spending some time alone are usually afraid to face some aspects of their personality or are afraid to find nothing but the pure void inside themselves . 
  though i am sure this is probably not always the case - some people are just extremely extroverted . 
  i personally am trying to keep a healthy balance and do like to travel with my friends and my girlfriend as much as i like to travel alone . 
  it 's really fun to take a huge trip with a couple of friends and just have fun and enjoy their company . 
  and then there are times when i prefer to just take a train ride to prague , sit down in caf\u00e9 savoy , enjoy the piano music and read a fine book . 
  think about it - you just might like it too . 
  sorry about my english , it 's not my mother tongue ( coincidently i 'm from zagreb myself - though i 'm not there any more ) . 
  if you need any tips about the city or the country feel free to send me a message . 
  nope , ottomans never conquered northern and western parts of croatia - so at least that part is wrong . 
  more info : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hundred_years'_croatian\u2013ottoman_war, 
  only istria , other 2/3 of the unconquered territory is missing . 
  this map implies that for example zagreb was part of the ottoman empire for some 100 years but in reality it never was . 
  eh , does not matter anyways . 
  majority of the country never was under the ottoman rule while serbia had some 500 ( ? ), 
  years under the ottomans and as i 've heard it was no heaven . 
  croatians had to participate in the wars against the ottomans but also with being a bordering state they did not have to pay any taxes ( most of the time ) and received a lot of funding ( in later period of the habsburgs rule and than throughout the dual monarchy ) . 
  croatia also had a lot more rights than any other slavic country in the empire . 
  from the small part of the country that was occupied ( and it was occupied for not nearly as long period of time as serbia was ) they got some awesome cooking and that 's about it . 
  so all in all nothing really to be bitter about as a lot of other countries had it way worse in that time period . 
  lol , yeah . 
  though you reminded me of something - i used to have an israeli friend that always pronounced croatia as croasia . 
  i was always wandering whether it 's just really hard for her to pronounce it correctly or she really thought it 's croasia . 
  dunno really . 
  i played this game some time ago and today went trough the screenshots . 
  getting ready for another attempt at croatian global domination . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  just go to the nearest superkonzum/getro/interspar or whichever bigger store is closest to you and you 'll find plenty of options . 
  if you 're that lazy - there 's always http://www.beershop.hr ( they deliver ) . 
  also you should try any of these places - http://www.idemvan.hr/nocni-zivot/pivnice/ . 
  personally i would recommend hopdevil and tolkien 's house . 
  also at least in zagreb there 's plenty of irish pubs . 
  i would rather go with vukovarsko or kasacko . 
  a lot cheaper and definitely at leasts on par with paulaner, 
  well have you tried tomislav ? 
  land of the free . 
  this ... this is the best thing ever !, 
  trenutno kerbal space program . 
  moze pivo proc pod hobi ? 
  ovaj vikend oktoberfest - fuck yeah :d . 
  i 've heard a lot of `` nice stories '' about albanian roads so thanks but no thanks . 
  also it makes me question the rest of the list ... 
  hey , i 'm in regensburg and am planing to go for oktoberfest tomorrow with my girlfriend and some of her friends . 
  consider yourself invited . 
  we 'll be at the munchen hbf in 13:15 , if you 're up for it pm me and i 'll send you my cellphone number . 
  we 're all about 27 years old and are german and/or croatian . 
  ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/3023638308.png ), 
   last two winners of the tour dr france were british, 
  so i guess they 're really good at taking drugs ... ? 
  what makes czech republic industrialized but slovakia not ? 
  what makes slovenia industrialized but croatia not ? 
  anyone looked at the gini index of usa for example ? 
  this map is garbage . 
  project zomboid http://projectzomboid.com, 
  great game and its content is ever expanding . 
  should be on steam pretty soon too . 
  bears and friends ftw ; though haribo sure brings back childhood memories ... rip herr riegel . 
  damn , i would kill for a bombardier right now . 
  it 's a beer that definitely stands out - that glorious aftertaste ... 
  i should go to uk ... . 
  damn it , i 've read trough the sidebar multiple times and still failed to see that ... . . 
  yeah , you should probably read trough these :, 
  as with this kind of generalizations you 're only showing to have no idea what you 're talking bout . 
  [ renewable energy ?
