  and she 's calling a cab . 
  while he 's having a smoke . 
  and she 's taking a drag . 
  now they 're going to bed . 
  and my stomach is sick . 
  and it 's all in my head . 
  but she 's touching his chest . 
  now , he takes off her dress . 
  now , letting me go . 
  i just ca n't look its killing me, 
  and taking control . 
  jealousy , turning saints into the sea, 
  swimming through sick lullabies . 
  choking on your alibis, 
  but it 's just the price i pay . 
  destiny is calling me, 
  open up my eager eyes . 
  cause i 'm mr brightside . 
  you might need this : http://www.wikihow.com/use-you're-and-your, 
  why various ? 
  majority of victims were serbs . 
  who would be poc in this situation ? 
  also 1 000 000 tito foes killed after the ww2 ... - there would have to be some gigantic mass graves for something like that . 
  also you could not hide something like that from the general population in a not so huge country like yugoslavia . 
  tito definitely got rid of some members of the opposition but assessing that to 1 000 000 is just crazy . 
  i definitely call bullshit on that one . 
  makes me doubt the whole list as a reliable source . 
  yeah but even so , i do n't think i 've ever seen a non white croatian . 
   however , the united states is known as probably the best and most diverse country when it comes to microbrews . 
  i guess you 've never been belgium or germany . 
  let me just put it this way - some years ago i decided to taste at least all the more known german beers . 
  so far i 've tried some 200 of em . 
  that is most of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , working my way up trough bayern . 
  i guess that 's a matter of taste , but i would always pick traditional production over rice fermentable sugars and low calories `` beer '' made in the us . 
  i might be wrong but as i remember most of us beer is produced with rice fermentable sugars which gives the beer pretty watery tasteless texture . 
  also low calories ?!? 
  really ? 
  really really ? 
  yeah i guess so , i have not really tried a lot of us beers and my opinion might be totally invalid when talking about the micro-brew but what i 've tasted of us beers so far surely makes me strongly skeptical of the whole beer culture in us . 
  oh gulden draak , one of my favorites for some reason . 
  not really that special but has a certain something . 
  also people tend to disregard lithuania and the rest of the baltic . 
  baltic porters are fucking awesome . 
  let me fix this for you :, 
  just how powerful/widespread is corruption in road maintenance services ? 
  yeah , i would have guessed kosovo . 
  quite a bumpy period in the end of the nineties . 
  cheers to you , newly scottish person !, 
  tl ; dr : you 're probably an angry , cynical high school student without any actual knowledge of the matter . 
  also i do n't feel like translating . 
  thanks for the translation dude , nicely done  . 
  i would give you some gold if i were not a poor student ( and/or cheap ) . 
  now for the counterarguments :, 
  fer is not a college but a faculty . 
  also i would not call fer the best at anything - except for maybe being the best faculty of electronics at zagreb university / as it is the only one . 
  furthermore , pmf-mo regularly scores in top 100 in the world ( do n't know about the other faculties as in croatia i only studied at pmf-mo ) . 
  also one glance at the wikipidia page of zagreb uni is enough to rebute your other argument - `` as of 2011 , university of zagreb is ranked among the 500 best universities of the world by the shanghai academic ranking of world universities . '', 
  as for your last argument - croatian workers are definitely not god 's gift to this world but they are competent and well educated ( in most cases ) and croatian universities are ( by my experience ) taken a lot more seriously than almost any of the other eastern european universities . 
  i 'm definitely not an overachiever and i never had any problems in this matter abroad whereas my eastern european friends had to do a shitload of paperwork and proving that they 're competent enough . 
  dude , no need to feel butthurt . 
  also you really badly translated my post and implied malice . 
  and your wall of text is nothing but a mix of usual and current european problems , making some problems look a lot worse and personal opinion . 
  sorry that you feel that way . 
  i 'm sure it sector will re bounce after the crisis and you 'll find another job , 
  [ existence of a socialist party ? 
  ] ( / answer ), 
  edit : eh , now realized there 's already an answer, 
  god damn it . 
  you made me remember this :, 
  '' [ t-pain ], 
  baby girl whydo n'tcha let a , nigga slide in them guts, 
  my little man wan na hide them guts, 
  i ` mma take my { * tick , tick , tick , tick , tick , tick , tick * }, 
  time with them guts, 
  and baby girl when i 'm in them guts, 
  you ai n't got to worry ` bout yo ' man cause, 
  i bet he ca n't do it like me ( nope , nope ), 
  bet he ca n't do it like me ( nope , nope ) '', 
  hope op did not go with that . 
  also bread can be split into halves, 
  call me ignorant but i had no idea there 's another ragusa ( other than ragusa = dubrovnik ), 
  by wikipedia it appears the one on sicily is way older . 
  i wander how did it come about for both to have the same name ( they 're not that far apart eater ) . 
  off course , everyone knows the names of jupiter 's moons by heart . 
  i just wonder how did those mexican buildings end up there , 
  i 'm not gon na contribute a lot to this but just ask you to take into consideration the fact that croatian - serbian cooperation of 1990s is a theory devised by some political circles of said countries in 2000s and so far is not supported by any proofs whatsoever but only by some indirect testimonials . 
  i 'm not saying it never happened but i would advise some healthy skepticism in this matter . 
  [ it 's my cakeday too , and i shaved my beard off this morning ... ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/ive-made-a-huge-mistake-gob-arrested-development.gif ), 
  [ shiiiiiit , you just blew my mind ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/umpoi.gif ), 
  - i guess the add depends on your ip ( google adsense ), 
  uh , sva sreca nije thompson . 
  vrboska is a settlement on the north coast of the island of hvar in dalmatia , croatia , in the municipality of jelsa . 
  founded in the 15th century as a fishing harbour , vrboska is best known for the fortress church of sv . 
  marija ( st mary ) , built as a refuge for its inhabitants during the 16th century . 
  [ 1 ] vrboska has a population of 526 as of the 2001 census . 
  that upload sucks though . 
  also not that impressive altogether . 
  the ones i 've experienced lately ( last few years ) :, 
  and most recently regensburg , germany - 60/30, 
  ummm probabilistic is not random or unprovable by `` hard science '' .
