apparently you 're not a real atheist - http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100925223348aa0c1xc, 
  tom cruise . 
  railworks 3 : train simulator 2012 - i like trains - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhkkjfcbxcw, 
  that 's all really nice and interesting but this woman is a war criminal and should rot in jail for the rest of her life . 
  her `` work '' on rwanda civil war as well as iraq conflict is more than enough to charge her as an accomplice to mass murder !, 
  sure , it 's yours . 
  beograd  ( local ) it is a combination of 2 words - beo ( white ) grad ( town ) . 
  international - http://www.forvo.com/word/belgrade/, 
  now i 've seen it all . 
  only thing left to do is to stare at the wall for another 60 years . 
  i really like seeing the dog recover but i do n't think you know what the word evolution stands for . 
  do a barrel roll !, 
  have you ever seen a man fucking a donkey thats fucking a giraffe while eating his own head at the same time ? 
  for shared rooms - people still do that ?!? 
  how expensive can it be to get a private room ? 
  i 've lived in 2 dorms so far ( 2 different universities ) and none of the dorms for any of those 2 universities had the option to share a room ( both in germany though and both state/public universities ) . 
  grand theft auto 3 : radio k-jah ( all of it ) relax , laugh and enjoy the last hour of your life  - `` knowledge is king . 
  knowledge is king . 
  knowledge is king , mon. 
  so we love the scientists here on k-jah ! '', 
  nice try origin/ea but you should probably make it a bit more subtle . 
  indie bundle 6 for dead island or how about a virtual hug - your choice . 
  also i can send you some good leftovers from dinner last night - you 're close to central europe right ? 
  as a native croatian i can confirm that this person is full of shit . 
  most of his statements are pure fiction . 
  i would not be surprised if actually he has never visited croatia at all . 
  i would really like to see any proof of his citizenship or anything else ... 
  edit : http://imgur.com/a/m0jnq this is some pictures of lepoglava prison i managed to find in a few minutes so you can see it 's not a really nice place ( maximum security prison for worst offenders in croatia ) but it 's definitely not a hellhole this person pictured it to be . 
  i 'm also really skeptical about his reason for ending up in prison - croatian justice system is correctional ( not lock away ) kind of system where no crime gets you a prison sentence longer than 15-18 years ( you would have to kill 50 newborn babies to get 20 years ) so if he only did what he said he did to end up in prison he would end up in a minimum security prison or be on parole for a few years ( with mandatory visits to the psychiatrist ) . 
  final fantasy 7 taught me that all i need is a huge spiky hair, 
  this much stupid made me feel sick for a few minutes ( i am not exaggerating ), 
  that relationship is going nowhere ... 
  you better stock up on insulin , pain killers , soup and coke/pepsi, 
  rectangle , and you made it yourself - you say ? 
  i dont think apple will be happy about this . 
  you 'll be spending your christmas in court , tv-court or jail . 
  it 's a cat !, 
  with time i stopped laughing at the iphone and am just laughing at the iphone users . 
  apple just collects the `` idiot tax '' . 
  do they ever make anything new ? 
  130 eur on xmas sale . 
  rip clementine, 
  it 's a crap - http://fashionablygeek.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/its-a-crap-shirt.jpg?cb5e28, 
  honestly for me it 's a really shitty game series so far ( nothing close to system shock ) but a lot of people seem to like it . 
  just try it out before buying . 
  i made a huge mistake by buying it whilst expecting something like a new system shock game . 
  maybe there 's a demo available for download somewhere , or piratebay - nidge nidge , know what i mean . 
  that 's probably the best option , i 'm not suggesting stealing it but in lack of other options torrents are a good way of trying the game out first . 
  anyways - contrary to all the downvotes i 've been receiving for this - i 've met a lot of people that do n't really like bioshock . 
  must be a type of game that either ends up with being your favorite or you end up disliking it . 
  for me it 's just random gibberish meant to look imaginative and interesting . 
  also some elements of different video game genres are forced together in a way that the mixture you end up with is pure crap . 
  as i said - nothing like system shock . 
  fyi there 's no meth in croatia , they prefer other drugs . 
  freedom freedom freedom oy !, 
  me and my girlfriend :, 
  socialist - conservative ,, 
  atheist - christian ,, 
  pro gay marriage - no way ,, 
  legalize drugs - no way ,, 
  introvert - extrovert ,, 
  analytical - emotional ,, 
  mathematics - social sciences / career . 
  6 years of a great relationship so far  there are conflicts as like in any other relationship but i guess it 's just important to remember to always respect other persons opinion even though you might not necessary agree with it . 
  also , i think it 's quite boring to be in a company of people that agree with you on most of or all topics . 
  african-american hole, 
  that 's clearly a giant playstatin 2 ( slim ) http://imgur.com/gpegubm, 
  tried from croatia - fail :(, 
  could n't activate it on steam / http://imgur.com/boodxf1 god damn it . 
  thanks for the important info , i really appreciate it . 
  at the end i decided to activate it over vpn - which worked . 
  as it 's my first such activation i hope it could not possibly lead to me getting banned . 
  would steam ban a regular customer for one such activation ? 
  ah well , only one way to find out ... 
  i 'll post here if something like that happens ... 
  day 2 : so far so good . 
  well i guess it 's obvious which korea cares more about the environment and yet everyone sides with south korea ... 
  even though there are muslims in bosnia , majority is orthodox ( serbs ) and catholic ( croatians ) and as it 's not really a huge country i guess there 's no space for muslim dot . 
  although now i realize serbia is colored to be catholic - which is definitely not true . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what news wants you to believe . 
  north korea is just trying to promote their long term environmentalist 's perspective . 
  have you even looked at the map ? 
  how can you be so ignorant ... 
  if you cared about environment you would support kim jong-un in his struggle for better future for all of us . 
  i see no priests having sex with kids - that cant possibly be belgium , you fool !, 
  what about american trailer parks ? 
  i always thought something like that would count as `` slum condition '' , and it sure seems like there are a lot of those in us ( at least from what you get from the media ) . 
  [ oh god ] ( http://www.tacticalcode.de/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2013/02/facepalm.jpg ) . 
  in croatia it 's used only for cakes . 
  most popular is [ makovnja\u010da ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/makovnjaca_vanili_kiflice_122011.jpg ) which no matter how much you eat could never get you high . 
  [ such cakes are popular throughout europe . 
  pro tip : there 's no opium production in europe, 
  i 'm coming out of my cage, 
  and i 've been doing just fine . 
  got ta got ta be down . 
  because i want it all . 
  it started out with a kiss . 
  how did it end up like this . 
  it was only a kiss , it was only a kiss, 
  now i 'm falling asleep .
