  about 3 months . 
  i swam in the sea every day and did not mind the salt . 
  where 's the punchline ? 
  had to chack i 'm not in / r/kerbalspaceprogram, 
  not completely true in case of croatia and hungary . 
  - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_croatia, 
  i get my anorganic milk straight from the milk mines, 
  raised as a catholic . 
  when i was about 12-14 realized it 's all bullshit . 
  do n't have any kids yet . 
  but that might be a problem as my long term girlfriend is catholic . 
  if it comes to that - we 'll probably wait till the kid is 16 and than introduce it to the world of religions , let him/her decide on his/hers own . 
  from my family and friends there were almost no reactions ( considering me being nonreligious ) . 
  they took it as my own choice and we rarely ever talked about it . 
  only time it could have been a problem was when i started dating my girlfriend . 
  her friends ( a bigger part ) are somewhat conservative-religious and after some 7,5 years of our relationship still ca n't accept me as her boyfriend . 
  i 've often heard some crazy ideas about me being spread around . 
  even heard that allegedly i 'm quite abusive towards my girlfriend and that i 've forbidden her to attend church on sundays ; which is crazy when considering that i 've done nothing but encouraged her to go . 
  in church she gets to practice her instrument with the church quire , practice her religion of choice as well as meet her friends and talk to them regularly . 
  most of em are not really my cup of tea so i do n't really care but it sometimes gets to my girlfriend , which kind of sucks . 
  though do n't think there 's anything i can or should actually do about it so i just say nothing . 
  her family is also christian but they 're nothing but ggg towards me most of the times . 
  as about missing anything about the religion - not really . 
  i would if i ever stopped celebrating christmas and/or easter but i 'm not going to . 
  i am an atheist but with a christian cultural background and frankly these holidays are 98 % about quality family time and presents . 
  psp is drag and drop . 
  there never was any software needed . 
  yeah , paradox games can really eat your time . 
  i would start with eu4 ( more user friendly ) , than crusaider kings 2 and maybe victoria 2 . 
  though each of these games take hours upon hours to learn how to play properly . 
  i would also recommend kerbal space program . 
  vici 2 and kerbal together took more than 500 hours of my life ... 
  itt : some people have no idea what radler or lemonade are made of or how easy it is to make it . 
  welcome to the 21st century . 
  next topic : does milk come from the mines or there 's a milk fruit ? 
  it 's makarska . 
  just wanted to point that out ; though i 've never been there . 
  i know it 's very popular among bosnian tourists for some reason and that 's about it . 
  across from makarska is island hvar you might wan na consider visiting . 
  i 'm there every summer and it 's definetly worth it . 
  some basic info - http://wikitravel.org/en/makarska, 
  dont ever buy a regular pan and avoid karlovacko or regular ozuljsko ( if possible ) . 
  though ozuljsko produces a decent porter called tomislav that you might wan na try . 
  also there 's a booming production and a variety of selection of radlers that get especially popular in summer but i do n't really know a lot about those . 
  though i 've heard multiple times that lasko makes the best radlers in the region . 
  you can , but do n't . 
  split is more than safe enough to leave the car there and towns on hvar are connected by somewhat cheap and good bus lines . 
  from where ferry stops , you can walk along the coast to reach stari grad in 15 minutes or take a bus that will be waiting there ; and for towns hvar or jelsa the bus will also be waiting there . 
  the ferry price of 318 kn is only for the smallest cars ; the regular price is 588 ( 80eur ) , so its 160 eur for something you wont really need in those 4 days . 
  deam , my mind is blown . 
  i would always pronounce it ozuljsko for some reason ... 
  i almost ca n't wait for the summer sales to pick it up . 
  seems to be a great game . 
  yeah , that 's what i thought . 
  i really enjoyed to the moon , dear esther and walking dead s1 which are all actually interactive experience rather than a game . 
  the only problem is that you do n't get more than a few hours of gametime so i 'm not paying more than 5 eur for it . 
  afrikaans g ?!? 
  do n't really wan na seem rude but what you 've got there is a typical german name with a german g that sounds like h. it 's as german as beer , schwarzwald kuchen or brezel . 
  [ donat ice cream shop in zadar ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/donat-sladoledi/199162253437185 ) - best ice cream in the country . 
  the only thing i miss about zadar . 
  it might seem stupid , but you really need to taste that magnificent ice cream . 
  also the locals are arrogant and mostly bigots ( zadar ) . 
  i apologise in advance if you 'll ever have to speak to one of them , they 're nothing like the rest of the country . 
  regardless , zadar is very nice and worth a visit . 
  though people from sibenik are more than nice . 
  hope you have a good time . 
  literal translation of the name would be - prince murky ( muti ) - peace ( mir ) . 
  also he was called muncimir but is sometimes called mutimir too . 
  he reigned over croatia from 892 to around 910 . 
  he was a member of the house of trpimirovi\u0107 . 
  the real mutimir was a prince of serbs from ca . 
  850 until 891 . 
  i guess as the names are quite similar , some people started calling the croatian prince mutimir too . 
  the more you know :d, 
  i would never change my kindle keyboard for a paperwhite , but that 's just me i guess . 
  a real keyboard is a huge advantage and the display is not really so much better . 
  i also find the contrast of the new kindle paperwhite a bit over the top - like they changed it jost so it seems they did something new . 
  almost all of the newspapers are a lot more closer to the collors of kindle keyboard than a paperwhite and you do n't see no one complaining about that . 
  it 's not really better or worse - just new . 
  the final nail in the coffin is what my girlfriend ( a logopedist told me ) - that kindle keyboard screen is somewhat more natural to read from , somewhat easier to keep the concentration . 
  but that 's just one source , any further information on that one ? 
  [ i do n't even know where to start ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfyjsqahl0 ), 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtm7oea6hdo, 
  and that guy 's name was albert einstein, 
  oh noes , muh bridges ... never forget !, 
  at least they 've got some normal toilets . 
  also i do n't think bulgaria , serbia , bosnia and macedoina make a majority on the balkans as you 're still left with slovenia , croatia , montenegro and greece which are more than noticeably richer than russia ( per capita ) . 
  especially if you consider the income distribution of a nation 's residents - gini coefficient , in which case there 's no country on the balkans that could possibly be considered poorer than russia . 
  nah , the joke is that americans cant handle jokes about america ; the buthurt comments they leave are the best part . 
  edit : hahaha , the downvotes ... so much buthurt . 
  tourism accounts for some 8 % of croatian gdp . 
  i would not really call that living from tourism . 
  republic of kosovo ? 
  if you remove the 8 % of gdp that tourism brings anually you 're still left with a gdp per capita of about 2x the amounth you have in the rest of the former yugoslavia countries ( excluding slovenia ) . 
  tourism is helpfull but not really a main reason for keeping croatia outside the `` balkan darkness '' . 
  i know this opinion is promoted quite a lot in some of the former yugoslavia countries - ( a sort of eh they would be failing just as much as we are if they did not have the tourism ) but the facts are somewhat different . 
  i do n't think you 've been to croatian coast , at least not in the last 10 years . 
  i ca n't even stay in my girlfriends coastal house without being registered and taxed for it . 
  trying to cheat on it is only gon na get you in a whole lot of trouble . 
  also centralised regulation and taxation via internet kind of removed any other dodgy economy in the business sector .
