  it just means that outcome is determined by a probability function . 
  for example if you replicate the experiment 1000 times the results would confirm the probability of the impending outcome . 
  also there are certain mathematical proofs behind it . 
  your implication would also assume that statistics and probability branch of mathematics is a `` soft science '' . 
  i would say you 're both a bit off . 
  what were the motives if you maybe know ? 
  their freedom is a myth and the country is belligerent towards the rest of the world anytime the situation is not in their favor . 
  the only time i can think of that us was not part of the problem but a solution is the ww2 and even then russians did most of the work and yet again us troops are being glorified more than anyone else . 
  and than the usual argument - `` oh it 's the politicians , they 're the problem - do not generalize us ! '', 
  - fuck that shit . 
  even if you did not elect em , you 're still just standing by and not doing a thing about it . 
  if you see a person being raped and just stand by and watch - you are too a part of the problem . 
  so fuck you too , your wars around the globe , political assassinations , arrogance and systematical spying of corporations , politicians as well as common people ( now ) , alongside your system of illusions called `` the land of the free '' . 
  2 ) amazon.de, 
  i think the main problem of the term `` balkans '' as it is that it merges a huge amount of countries with diverse cultures , religions , systems of government , historical background , principles and ideas of the future for their country into one word that is by idea supposed to describe a region of countries with a lot of similarities . 
  it ends up signifying a lot and nothing at the same time . 
  if anything it just strengthens the prejudices . 
  my home country is in the balkans but never had any connections with the rest of the balkans until 1918 . 
  we do have a rather similar language to serbian but i think that 's about it . 
  furthermore how would you connect serbia and greece ? 
  macedonia and romania ? 
  slovenia and albania ? 
  yes the term is originally supposed to designate a peninsula but it as it is now implies a lot more than just that . 
  i have nothing against those countries but for what it implies we can throw in india , russia , thailand and japan too - why not / as my country is definitely as similar to those countries as it is to greece or albania . 
  now i guess you see how it feels . 
  i 've been to bratislava and there 's hapsburg architecture with typical castles , romano catholicism , coffee houses , hapsburg style theaters , train stations and so forth with what you 'll definitely find the same in slovenia and croatia too . 
  also i definitely understand a lot better slovakian than i do greek , macedonian , romanian or bulgarian so why not . 
  the more the merrier ( and crazier ) . 
  eh , this ended up being way longer than i expected it to be . 
  yeah , it must be really nice to have such a good friendship between nations . 
  though i was not trying to claim that slovakia should be part of the balkans or that slovakia , croatia and slovenia are extremely similar but rather to point out how a term `` balkans '' is ridiculousness and pointless in the form it 's used nowadays . 
  anyways i 've been to prag and bratislava before and really liked both of the cities and the countries . 
  i guess the only bad side effect of being so close to czech republic is that noone notices slovakian beer ( micro brew ) which is actually quite good . 
  if i had only 3 days in lithuania i would go with spending one day in vilnius , one visiting trakai and one in kaunas . 
  vilnius is not so huge so 1 day is enough for a tourist visit ( as to really get to know the place you would need at least a few months ) . 
  hostels in lithuania are usually quite decent and cheap . 
  the best way to travel around the country ( at least to klaipeda , kaunas or trakai ) is by train . 
  although buses are also really cheap and a good way to travel , especially when considering the highway from vilnius to kaunas . 
  as about vilnius i would strongly suggest going to the old part of the city and sitting down to have a coffee or baltic porter and enjoy the dynamics of the old city , that is its relaxed summer atmosphere . 
  nothing to do in kaunas ? 
  have a downvote . 
  i 've been there 4 times and every time found something interesting i have not seen before . 
  it 's not new york or berlin but in a context of mid sized baltic towns it 's quite interesting . 
  trakai is not just about the castle , it 's also local food which is great ( also maybe getting some local kvass if you 're lucky enough ) as well as swimming in the lake or even sailing if you get a chance . 
  it makes a perfect one day trip ( while staying in vilnius ) . 
  that 's season 4 so it 's year 3004 . 
  also that is not a phone but a very cleverly disguised cat with a speech deficiency . 
  i hope you 're not mocking a disabled cat ... 
  sir everyone is entitled to their own opinion but yours is just ~ ~ wrong ~ ~ . 
  * stupid, 
  i 'm from zagreb and have never seen anything like it before ... 
  you should probably delete facebook , hit the gym and lawyer up . 
  [ awesome , awesome to the max !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsktjtejrvy ), 
  woah woah , gdje si ti to u skolu isao ? 
  [ zagreb university library ] ( http://www.aling.hr/uploads/images/reference/nasionalna_i_sveuilina_knjinica.jpg ), 
  wooosh , a wild social justice warrior appears . 
  wink wink , nudge nudge , say no more . 
  i use opera for a few years already and really like it ; would never go back to google nsa shit ... maybe firefox if it became way better but by these benchmarks it 's quite a bit slower than opera . 
  eh sorry , my comment was worded quite poorly and i only glanced over the article ( looking only the benchmark graphs ) . 
  i guess it 's not slower than opera but rather not fast enough for me to consider changing to it ( firefox ) . 
  yeah you 're right about opera being slower ( i first only looked at the benchark graphs ) , it is slower but not really a lot ( opera next ) . 
  also i do n't really wan na hate on google ( i even use android phone and really like it ) but i 'm quite saddened by their nsa participation and am trying to get rid of their services altogether - so chrome is not an option . 
  the thing is that the difference is insignificant . 
  i do not care to change my browser just because it might add to 10 sec of time gained in a whole day - if i cared that much about my free time i would not be on reddit . 
  there were a few in croatia that this map does not cover ... 
  if you count the period of time hungary spent in a union with other countries you should probably count it also for the others . 
  for example : croatia - 1088 ( 925-2013 ), 
  sorry but as a european i 'm quite sure you 're just full of it . 
  europe is not an extremely diverse place ( when talking about skin color ) and unfortunately incidents do happen but the streak of events that you 've described just screams bullshit . 
  moreover greece , croatia and italy are extremely tourism oriented countries which makes your claims even so more implausible as : during the summer these countries are full of people from all over the world and nobody sees them as immigrants ; tourism is an important branch of local economy and any inconvenience for the tourists is extremely frowned upon ( refusal of service is just unthinkable ) ; someone beating up a tourist and moreover a non caucasian tourist would definitely be reported on by the news in any of those countries ( which i do follow and have not noticed anything ) . 
  so my conclusion is that you 're aether extremely extremely unbelievably unlucky or just full of it . 
  [ and my good friend occam says it 's probably the latter . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occam's_razor ), 
  well if you 're aware of amazon.de and you obviously are capable of using the internet ... how about connecting a few dots ... think about it . 
  it 's not that hard ( hint - there is no import tax and delivery service is dirt cheap ), 
  eh , sorry for being a bit too cynical at first . 
  but to elaborate - as croatia is in eu =  no import tax , also deliveries from germany have always been cheap so avoiding a croatian nintendo distributor should be quite easy . 
  i 'm not completely sure if they 'll send it to croatia but here are some more options you can check out :, 
  as a mathematician - what textbooks ? 
  everything i ever needed comes in a form of a free pdf file . 
  i just checked amazon :, 
  medientyp : nintendo wii-disc , nintendo wii u cd, 
  ** verpackung & versand : eur 22,59 ( for croatia it takes 7 to 9 days - cheapest option ) **, 
  i would also recommend checking amazon warehouse deals - this version of wii u goes as low as 285 eur . 
  also sometimes you can get it for really cheap on daily deals : http://www.amazon.de/angebote/b/ref=cs_top_nav_gb27?ie=utf8&amp;node=872398, 
  yup , you 're right - 310 . 
  maybe i took some other version - was not really paying attention . 
  for shipping you just proceed to the checkout and enter your address - in the last stage it calculates the delivery cost . 
  i used an address in zagreb but am quite sure there will be no differences for whichever part of croatia you come from . 
  that 's pedophilia you 're talking about ... 
  yup , same with amazon ( at least what happened with my kindle ) -, 
  kindle broke ? 
  here we 'll send you a newer model , do n't worry about sending us the bad one back . 
  18 year old dating a 15 year old !?!, 
  sorry but that 's just wrong . 
  i 've never seen something like that ( when i was in high school ) and i 'm sure police would be called if anything like it was noticed by teachers - and i 'm totally fine with that . 
  there 's a huge difference between 18 year old dating a 15 year old and 21 year old dating a 18 year old . 
  damn , and where is that ? 
  is it socially acceptable ?
