i love how the people arrested are labeled `` activists '' and the legitimate party is labeled `` far-right '' . 
  no , the leaders of the western world , both those that were elected into power and those that pull the strings from the background . 
  whoops, 
  you think the migrant crisis is a small issue ? 
  edit : i 'm sorry i literally ca n't read, 
  is there ever any type of video/live feed from these protests from muslim areas ? 
  it would seem we only hear about it in rather obscure news sites with only a few photos of burning cars and such . 
  well it 's not the militant marxist revolutionaries or the neo-nazis that are blowing shit up at the moment . 
  - turkey - europe choose one, 
  was watching the news earlier and some tourist form my country was somewhere nearby as it happened - she mentioned that , while there is a substantial amount of police officers on the streets , they mostly loiter around , chattering and smoking . 
  i guess while it 's good they 're around , at least giving a sense of security and maybe prevent someone from starting shooting everyone , there is n't really any active protection going on . 
  you think i believe otherwise ? 
  a large majority of migrants from basically anywhere do n't contribute shit . 
  sure you have exceptions , like people who handle their area of expertise so well they almost get invitations from other countries to come work and live there , but fact is every time you have mass movements like this the absolute majority will not benefit anyone in any way except themselves , or even cause long-term harm to the host country , even more so if they are poor , uneducated and have a strikingly different culture . 
  oh yes , because constant immigration from other balkan countries has enriched my country so much !, 
  i absolutely love how you can be 100 % sure that if you piss off some dickhead from kosovo he will bring 10 of his friends and beat you with sticks !, 
  such diversity !, 
  and we 're letting millions more into europe ... how can anyone support this ? 
  you are now on a list, 
  i should open articles before engaging in comments \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 then again , i do n't believe a 50/50 men/women ratio is something that 's necessarily good or fair . 
  how do you make japan look not good ? 
  it 's hard for anyone to grasp that someone could think banning all men from going outside after dark is even slightly sensible . 
  it 's sexist and stupid , and frankly sounds like an idea straight out of tumblr . 
  besides , we all know it 's not the indigenous men that commit the majority of these assaults . . so technically it would be racist too ? 
  hmm ... 
  in what fuckin universe would this seem acceptable to you, 
  well the swedes are already brainwashed as it is, 
  i guess it depends on whatever suits each sides agenda more at the moment, 
  you sure it was n't the other way around ? 
  what horrifies me is that there are many people who see nothing wrong with this, 
  why is finland so based ? 
  locking comments in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 ... 
  cultural problems are the main worry here , not so much economy . 
  if you live in calais and see the things that are happening there , with the police unwilling or unable to take action , then i think it has quite an impact on your life and your perception of europe , or at least your country . 
  except that people are n't really talking about the end of the world but rather a drastic change in culture and quality of life, 
  i do n't know if i want to laugh or cry, 
  this does not look safe, 
  no it 's not acceptable . 
  but i do n't believe recognizing islam as problematic would automatically label all muslims second class citizens . 
  and if we go back , i do n't think allowing to have these special `` arbiters '' or whatever you call them encourages integration . 
  the opposite , it literally divides muslim citizens from everyone else . 
   but they 're just a kind of advisors ... as everyone mentions , these arbiters may just have the power of an `` advisor '' in the eyes of the government , but in reality they seem to have a lot of power and respect in the eyes of fellow muslims , so much that they see them as the law . 
  and yes you said that just makes it illegal , so women can ignore that if they really want to get divorced , but again , in the eyes of her muslims husband she is breaking the rules and dishonoring him or something like that . 
  like i said , the amount of problems islam is causing far outweighs the problems we have with other religions , at least here in europe at the moment . 
  and you insist that even recognizing these problems would mean discrimination , so i guess we should all keep a blind eye and pretend it 's not happening ? 
  great !, 
  when that faith is more problematic than all other faiths combined , yes , i think you can and should be able to take a step back and say `` ok guys , this islam thing is kinda causing some troubles here , maybe we should have a look at it '' . 
  that would be step one , not that all muslims are a problem , but recognizing islam is a problematic religion . 
  that is very often not being done today simply because `` hurr you 're discriminating muslims you fascist pig '' . 
   particularly when you know it will be applied based on appearance if i understand correctly you 're saying that any form of the government trying to limit the power of islam will cause people to judge them more , of course , based on skin color , which is like , double the racism or something ? 
  i have a thought : maybe if our governments dumped political correctness and stopped ignoring the problems with islam , then maybe people would be less intolerant ? 
  i know for myself and quite many others that our tolerance levels are decreasing rapidly the more everyone in power dismisses these issues and calls everyone who cares islamophobic . 
   they can huff and puff but they can not touch the lady oh really ? 
  you seem to have no idea of the stuff that happens to some muslim women, 
  inb4 this thread gets deleted for promoting racism, 
  i think it needs to be clarified that even if the plan goes through , which it may as well not because fences are eeeviilll , it is only to prevent people crossing the border illegally , not to completely block everyone from crossing the border . 
  i support this action and hope we do something similar too . 
  what kind of impression are we giving if these people can just march across europe and the only obstacle is a couple of policemen telling them to stop but yielding as soon as they get a bit loud ? 
  not to mention that vandalizing and aggressive actions that would send normal citizens straight to jail are almost completely overlooked . 
  not how we should be treating the situation , but that 's a different subject . 
  i think i figured out what he 's saying . 
  if there was no one around to rescue the refugees , would arsonists still set the place on fire , knowing that they may kill people . 
  not the best idea i think . 
  so maybe the americans should take these guys then ? 
  they seem to have the same style of humor . 
  i really try to be reasonable . 
  i am aware that not all of these people are violent , mostly just scared , tired , cold , confused . 
  the situation is pretty dire . 
  but when i see pictures like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t4tblco.jpg ) it 's really , really hard to feel compassion . 
  ca n't tell if real or just british humor, 
  i 'm not sure i understand how better relations between usa and russia result in putin taking over europe . 
  i wish you 'd all stop your fear mongering, 
  if i 'm reading this correctly , you think the reason why so many right wing politicians are getting so much support in europe is because people somehow started to dislike other nations ? 
  because if i remember correctly this `` rise of nationalism '' had two main causes - the immigration crisis and merkel seemingly dictating how the rest of europe should respond to it . 
  you say we should preserve diversity , that is , diversity of nations and cultures : * `` a multitide of small and very small countries each contribute their share to make europe the amazing place it is . 
  '' * is n't this what the `` right wing '' is fighting for ? 
  to preserve that national identity , to preserve european diversity ? 
  because i believe the diversity `` the left '' has been promoting for some time now actually seems more like the dilution of identity through mass immigration . 
  same situation with brexit - do not fool yourself , the absolute main reason why so many people voted yes was because they felt like their country was losing identity due to mass immigration and because they thought separating themselves from europe would help with that . 
  so basically what a lot of us have been saying for quite some time now while turkey was negotiating the eu membership . 
   * nobody says the uk will crumble and die due to brexit * actually , a lot of people are saying just that . 
  it 's a similar argument to `` trump will start ww3 '' . 
  how can the eu be a single nation when it 's composed of many vastly different nations and cultures ? 
  the only people that really want a us of e are the '' #openborders '' retards and the only people that would really benefit from it are the ruling elite . 
   do n't believe in human rights russia stahp you 're drunk, 
  because these economic migrants will now become their people . 
  the government will welcome and take care of them and their offsprings , and in turn they will favor the government that did them this favor for a long time . 
  that is at least one of the reasons . 
   has the eu ever suggested a single policy , legislation , or even value that seeks to combine our cultures ? 
  it 's not so much that european cultures are being combined , people feel they are being diluted via mass immigration , which the eu not just supports , but seemingly encourages , either with the excuse of humanitarianism , or the argument that we need a replacement for the dwindling population , etc. 
  it all boils down to that . 
  i think a clear distinction should be made between wanting to not have physical borders between eu countries and wanting all eu countries to merge into a single culture , i think that 's what / u/winterfjell was trying to say . 
  thanks , i 'm tired of all this eu absolutism . 
   americans fear one muslim on another continent more than muslims being murdered next door . 
  hey guess what , you 're full of shit https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=today%203-m&amp;q=quebec%20mosque,quebec,louvre%20attack,louvre%20terrorist,louvre, 
  i 'm aware how polls work . 
  i just question the title `` majority of french '' because a thousand people seems like an incredibly small sample . 
   * `` according to the poll , which surveyed a representative sample of 1,006 people '' * france has a population of 66 million . 
  these pools do n't tell shit . 
  you do n't need to be intolerant to be called a nazi on reddit , you just have to show support for the parties that promise to restrict immigration .
