  you see this is the problem here in europe , instead of action to defend its ideals and beliefs politicians will , just like us here in the comments , endlessly debate this tolerance/intolerance shit . 
  that does n't make sense , if there 's enough people interested in joining the military then there should n't be a problem getting enough people to join . 
  if there is n't enough interest then you 'll be forced to call-up people who are not interested . 
  the problem is a lot of people believe so and get really upset , so there 's never any real discussion . 
  there was a big discussion programme on our national tv some time before the same-sex marriage referendum , with a large group of people defending both sides , and while you can say they at least attempted to be constructive , the ( online ) reception was horrible - each side was simply picking on the other one with petty remarks and name calling without even trying to debunk each others claims . 
  it is physically impossible for a post related to bosnia , serbia or albania to not have a fight in the comments . 
  whoa , a billionaire using his wealth to influence the political landscape , who could have seen this coming ? 
  outrageous , how dare he !, 
  but it 's perfectly fine and dandy when soros and alike do it to help the guys on your side , right reddit ? 
  when trump starts beheading people then you can say i told you so , until then please kindly stop . 
  iceland dealing with important issues i see, 
  this is how you protest, 
  whoa it 's almost like we 're everywhere because we 're normal people from different places and walks of life and we follow our interests and hobbies on reddit and , of course how dare we , speak out when we see anti-trump fear-mongering . 
  we are central europe . 
  and i 'm not against immigration itself as much as i 'm against uncontrolled mass immigration , open borders , multiculturalism , etc. , you know , just common sense stuff, 
  talking about what 's happening in europe and trumps promise to not let that happen in the us . 
  also , not saying the young mexicans are radicalized , it 's just that they are extremely more vocal against trump than the first generation immigrants ( many of who immigrated legally dislike illegal immigrants too . ), 
  i believe i have argued with you before italian , and i think it was about this same exact thing . 
  or maybe it was multiculturalism , or sharia law , all of which you defend so gallantly . 
  i do not give a shit about influence of islam on medieval europe . 
  that was when we still shat on the streets . 
  it is irrelevant . 
  my bad , i assumed in the original comment you were using the argument * `` americans are mostly immigrants so they need to be more accepting of immigrants '' * , which i disagree with . 
  when i say that integration is not working today , i am referring to the current migration crisis in europe . 
  with `` they managed to integrate perfectly '' i was referring to european migrants who seemingly integrated into us society much better . 
  i do agree with pretty much everything you said , especially : * `` they [ integrated ] in a society that did n't promote or tolerate a concept of multiculturalism . 
  ( i personally believe social integration and cultural assimilation to be the right way . 
  ) '' * there 's our problem right there . 
  couple that with a theoretical european immigration limiting act and i believe we have created a solution to the current crisis . 
  now we just have to convince a large portion of europeans that just because you do n't support multiculturalism you are n't racist . 
  yeah it 's like all mass migrations throughout history have caused problems and strife for generations . 
  i am of course comforted by the thought that by the time my grandchildren are old this issue will sort itself out . 
  europe does n't want to be different , it wants to stay european, 
  ah , yes that 's a fair point . 
  well , nothing is perfect , but ... an italian , a german and a polish immigrant walk into a ~ ~ bar ~ ~ mcdonalds restaurant . 
  you ca n't tell them apart unless you ask where they 're from . 
  i think that 's pretty good integration . 
  if anyone understand what i 'm trying to say . 
  it all has to do with how conflicting the migrant culture is to the host culture . 
  the majority of immigrants that came to the us , as far as i 'm aware , were from europe . 
  there are n't that many cultural differences between the two . 
  you also have a lot of immigrants from asia , and while their culture is quite different , it does not seem to conflict that much . 
  you could even say it enriched the us in many ways . 
  but the current immigration wave is coming from almost exclusively muslim countries and their culture and beliefs clash with those of the west . 
  not saying none of them are able to integrate , but they obviously have major problems with that . 
  ok i get that , but the original argument was about immigrant integration, 
  like i said , while i wo n't judge if it was just or fair , it does not seem irrational to me to be vary of germans if you 're at war with germany . 
  there 's nothing wrong with preserving your language and culture if your culture does n't dramatically clash with the one of the host country . 
  and the amish mostly do n't bother anyone and tend to live in secluded rural areas . 
  and they do n't elevate crime rates . 
  i do n't see a connection between the civil war and the current political climate, 
  you 're right , it was silly for people to be vary of german immigrants just because they were at war with germany, 
  and they managed to integrate perfectly . 
  how many third generation germans do you see running around the usa , speaking broken english and living in separate areas with other german immigrants ? 
   we integrate refugees this not working at all is one of the reasons why trump was elected . 
  you can shitpost and get on the frontpage in r/europe as long as it goes along with the narrative, 
  * `` maybe it stems from the misleading promises surrounding nhs funding , the sudden increase in hate crimes , ... '' * has n't the hate crime increase been debunked ? 
  or at least proven to be partially bullshit ? 
  pls no downvoto , serious question because i 've heard conflicting reports for something that should be very clear, 
  * `` acknowledging that , makes the whole part of identifying christmas as a continental tradition , invalid . 
  '' * how does that make it invalid ? 
  am i not european because i had ancient ancestors from africa ? 
  are you one of those `` i 'm a citizen of the world '' people ? 
  * `` nothing but blood and pillage '' * did you get that from your local facebook comments ? 
  do you maybe believe that without religion we would be living in space now ? 
  perhaps if you stopped practicing self-hate for a second you would realize : 1 - blood & pillage is universal to all humans in history , not just christians 2 - you can thank christianity for passing down knowledge via hand-copying books and similar so that you now have the knowledge to shit on it, 
  how is that related to anything i said ? 
  the only point i 'm trying to make here is that not using the phrase `` christmas '' in order to not offend a few muslims is fucking dumb , as is this whole modern culture of carefully selecting your words and pronouns so that you do n't accidentally trigger special snowflakes . 
  my family is not even religious , we just build that old plastic tree and put lights everywhere because it looks nice and pretty and it makes you feel comfty , but there 's still no way in hell i 'm conforming to this pc bullshit . 
  `` we should disregard the past 2000 years of european history because there 's more history before that '', 
  europe is a traditionally christian continent . 
  if non-christians find anything about christmas offensive they can fuck off and you with them . 
  if this crisis only had syrian refugees this would not even be half the crisis it is - the real problem is everybody else pretending to be syrian refugees . 
  so much time has passed since this started and some people still do n't fuckin get this . 
  it does seem odd , especially since this is n't the first time it happened , but i believe that also makes conspiracy theories less likely , unless you choose to believe the police has a standard procedure of planting ids everywhere . 
  do n't like someone ? 
  put their quote in the title , change it slightly so it seems crazy/hateful , then when everyone 's already seen it change it so no one can blame you for spreading fake news . 
  finally , a definite proof trump is literally hitler . 
  i swear , this fuckin sub will upvote the biggest bullshit as long as it 's anti-trump you know who also used that phrase ? 
  ronald reagan and bill clinton . 
  i ca n't believe how far down i have to scroll to get past the `` it 's ok because he was a nazi '' comments . 
  so a drunk idiot doing a nazi salute in public deserves the same punishment as a nazi war criminal , good thinking , see where it gets you . 
  sounds more like it was a legal/moral issue and not a funding issue to get that guy . 
  maybe that 's what she 's talking about . 
  hey , as far as i know that 's what they and their supporters believe in , feasible or not . 
  the name `` terror '' is given by us . 
  the people who go out on the street and kill people do n't call it terror attacks , they call it `` the holy war '' , `` justice '' , or whatever . 
  they could cause terror by simply sending out tons of mail with suspicious powder . 
  but that 's not what they 're doing . 
  they want us dead , not scared . 
  maybe they just want to kill as many people as possible , regardless of how much the media reports it . 
  and the media is just a reflection of what the people want to see . 
  from my perspective , the moment these attacks become so `` normal '' nobody is shocked anymore , that 's when we `` lose '' . 
  i hope that 's sarcasm . 
  people who think like this will , in the same breath , then go on facebook and complain that the western media is n't giving enough attention to terrorist attacks in the middle east . 
  i think you 're replying to the wrong comment, 
  well for a short time when the mods here really were acting like the op pic i was glad that sub existed . 
  people forget how bad it was here a few years ago , every single post related to refugees either had a level of circlejerk compared to todays r/politics or t_d , and everything else was either swiftly deleted or locked . 
  of course everybody sane left after it became obvious european was the reddit version of stormfront . 
   backlash now means that trump supporters wo n't vote for trump again ?
