  german gouvernment just did n't stop recommending it every year since wwii, 
  i vote for some no-name party run by similar minded people . 
  yeah i know that it is all reconstruction , but i really like the way they look , it 's just sad that it is n't possible to reconstruct a bit more of the pre-wwii buildings . 
  you got city centers without cars ? 
  how can i become dutch ? 
  warsaw has one of the most beautiful stare miasto i have ever seen . 
  i personally like it a lot more than the ones in gdansk and krakau . 
  lobbying is not illegal in europe , wtf are you talking about ? 
  most people in south germany have darker skin than the people in the north and brown or dark blonde hair . 
  my farther 's family which lived pretty much always in the region in bavaria is black and brown haired and has brown eyes . 
  stop it , you are breaking the circle jerk !, 
  all over europe not all over germany . 
  some parts of bavaria for example have a serious lack of employes and if you have the right education and speak the language there should n't be a problem in getting an job . 
  also bmw is always looking for people . 
  you mean we sould move full socialism ? 
  nope but europeans aka stand for the human rights, 
  really you come up with east germany ? 
  you got southern germany with really ubhealthy eating and drinking habits, 
  ok , that is some serious 4.reich-bs . 
  germans are well aware of the sellings since there is a big discussion about it since the beginning of the refugee crises and the political left loves to mention it . 
  again . 
  that was plan a. 
  we now either need an ihrer country willing to take our refugees or take them ourself . 
  same with malta . 
  when i was there it was full of tourists getting drunk in clubs, 
  danke , yours is n't to bad either . 
  and here we see a guy without any knowledge about merkel but a lot hate . 
  if that happens we should show some humanity and free berlin and let them form a anarchist region . 
  we also could build a ubne-park with beer from every country in the ubne , ubne-citizens can visit for free and tourist while touristen have to pay for a ticket . 
  in this park beer is completely free . 
  would you want to form a alpine empire with bavaria ? 
  we proivide the beer an you the coffee . 
  i was there and if you here loud sirene and allthe people , cars etc. 
  stop moving , you normally stop moving as well . 
  that 's what we need the turkey deal for ira deal ith an ihrer country for, 
  ( 4 ) is litterally just there , so you would be allowed to kill hitler if he somehow comes back . 
  no , please not !, 
  polish pizza is one of te most disguesting tings i ever tried . 
  i ca n't understand how the home country of piroggen and polis style waffels could produce someting like that . 
  if it was in an other part of europe i would agree , but not in turkey . 
  i guess , that it are erdogan supporter , who think the usa started the coup . 
  on * pizza * ? 
  prison would be really expensive as well . 
  better if he bombs italy or some other third world country . 
  tbf they look pretty cool on lederhosen . ^ it 's ^ ours ^ now, 
  tbf most germans visiting austria are actually bavarians and know the netiquette . 
  you are annoying , glad that we get rid of you ... gon na miss oberbayern tou , they are like our more famous twins . 
  can we still use the bayernticket , if we are part of austria ? 
  no no no everybody knows , that germany is the king of the eu and the other countrys in the eu have to do whatever germany wants . 
  only stronk poland and his sidekicks rebell against it and try to safe us all from this dangerous dictatorship / s, 
  sorry , but that is bullshit . 
  he has one german and one iranian parent , grew up in germany , speaks the language , knows the cullture etc. , but is not a german ? 
  what is he if not a german ? 
  one of my parents is german , the other is polish , i grew up in germany , speak the german language ( with a bavarian dialect ) , gre up with the german culture and you are trying to claim , that i am not german ? 
  speak\u00edng in the behalf of niederbayern , we want a festival with free beer every year , more dams and the nuclear waste stays in germany . 
  fortunally our history classes were the exact opposite . 
  do you mean [ that case ? 
  people were also inspired by `` mein kampf '' and that is book is not only boring , but also bad written . 
  yeah , he even said someting like that in a video of the attack . 
  he also claimed , that he was bullied . 
  german , he has iranian ancestors , but he made it pretty clear , that he considers himself a german . 
  that guy insisted in being a german , does n't sound like isis . 
  maybe a guy with mental health problems ( `` ich war in behandlung '' ) , who feeled left out ( `` ich komme aus einer harz4 gegend '' ) and discriminated ( `` ich bin deutscher ! '' ), 
  and did revenge on the sociaty that caused it . 
  nope german with iranian ancestors , but the guy insisted , that he was german , so i guess it was n't islamist . 
  sounds like the shooter was mobbed by the bavarian speaking , possibly because \u00b4 he has iranian ancestors in the past and it seems like the shooter had mental problems since he said he was in a mental health institution . 
  but that is just my guess . 
  yeah , there is even a group in the afd called `` homosexuels in the afd '' , which wants to make homosexuality tabu . 
  he asked her 10 year old brother . 
  but yeah he was propably joking . 
  but she goes to the same resort every year and that guy always flirts with her ( he has about double her age ) . 
  same happened to a friend of mine in egypht , when she was like 8 . 
  she said she would accept , if she gets half of the camels , her parents stopped it . 
  and if done by a american firm , often fantasy . 
  if i remember right , they also were german nationalists for some time . 
  sorry , i did n't know , that you are that kind of person . 
  people without papers are normally considered adults , at least if it is n't completly obvious , that they are n't . 
  he did n't , he obviously meant to say , that nazis do n't have a lot children , so it 's ridiculous if they complain about immigration , and the translation is shitty : `` fortunaly nazis are n't good at having offspring '' would be better . 
  yeah let 's just forget history , i mean were would humanity be if we would learn from mistakes . 
  my hand hurts , when i touch fire ? 
  oh let 's touch it again , i am sure it wo n't hurt this time !, 
  girlfriend broke up and he had to let some anger out . 
  dracula ? 
  arminius ? 
  great , i hope other countrys will join soon . 
  thanks , i fixed the link, 
  still better then our [ church to go ] ( http://aufblasbare-kirche.de/wp-content/gallery/rosa/10888784_688141771306243_7534992539518368393_n.jpg ), 
  still beter then our [ church to go ] ( http://aufblasbare-kirche.de/wp-content/gallery/rosa/10888784_688141771306243_7534992539518368393_n.jpg ), 
  as an bavarian i have to agree . 
  i swear , if that does n't stopp , the tennis field in my neighbour village will be flooded aka i wo n't do any sport anymore , so you guy , who drives car instead of using the bike , it \u00eds your fault if \u00cd get fat . 
  rename it to world union and get new zealand and south korea to join ? 
  we could just not fix the problem , but there is nobody else to fix it and we have to deal with the outcome . 
  yes and no , they are real but not from turkey . 
  feel with you . 
  i was on my way back from a volksfest , when it was announced in the radio . 
   eu = 4 . reich  germany rules the eu  merkel = hitler 2.0, 
  got ta be honest . 
  i would n't call being discriminated by law as a woman a good quality of life . 
  tbf the netherlands , germany and poland already started the prozess of integrating their armys , so it is n't completly unlikly to happen . 
  i am not talking about shakespear english , but [ old english ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_english ) .
