goa\u00df is pretta popular . 
  cherry liquor + beer + coke, 
  in some children series , they like to use bavarian in order to still fit the `` german '' stereotyp . 
  actually there are highgerman and lowgerman dialects . 
  frisian , platt and most dialects in the north are lowgerman . 
  bavarian , swabian , the standart version of german and most dialects in the south are highgerman . 
  it 's actually a sub , were you can ask europeans questions , so the answer should be from a european point of view , you guys got / r/askanamerican . 
  of course americans can answer questions aas well . 
  for example if they themself live/lived in europe or the question is something like `` what 's your favourite european movie ? '', 
  but you gave a very american answer to a very american question and the downvotes show how that turned out . 
  an american answers a question about america , asked by a american on a sub about europe . 
  not everywhere . 
  my mum is polish and lives in a small village in rurral bavaria . 
  never had problems being accepted by the population . 
  tbf she studied german at university and married a my dad , whose family lived in the same village since centuries . 
  there are also a lot polish immigrants in the region . 
  a yanky and pole trash-talking merkel and spreading islamophobia , wo would have guessed ? 
  raspberry is the \u00b4 most popular flavour , but you also get it in other flavours , for example elderflower syrup, 
  funfact the german anti-immigration party afd has advertisment in russian . 
  czech trucks are a stereotyp by now . 
  [ stockerpoint ] ( http://www.trachten-dirndl-shop.de/?gclid=cnczpqc6j88cfuucgwodc90mng ) is pretty famous , but i get my dirndl and lederhosn mostly from [ gamsnberger ] ( http://www.gamsnberger-dirndl-trachten-lederhosen.de/ ), 
  bavarian , we use `` merce '', 
   lives in south germany and never heard of `` das cola '' `` das e-mail '', 
  i know a lot people , who have their family name as nickname . 
  [ suck it loosers ] ( http://beer.wikia.com/wiki/bavaria ), 
  we use prosit in a different situation in [ germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx5qnztqxx4 ), 
  irrational fright that the gouvernment takes away our cash ? 
  [ bavaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavarian_soviet_republic ), 
   anna german obviously a german artist, 
  [ unser kini ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ludwig_ii_of_bavaria ) ? 
  a cup of tea ? 
  alpenreich confirmed, 
  the same happened to me in poland , so i also just stick to german , if somebody tries to speak german to me . 
  i once met a russian and bavarian guy , both piss-drunk and wearing lederhosn , the bavarian guy complained about `` kanaken '' wearing lederhosn . 
  two kurds came over and drunk with us and the bavarian guy started to call them his friends . 
  i would call switzerland quiet fanatic when it comes foreigners , heck it 's the reason they probably will have to leave the common market . 
   sometimes i feel really sad that it 's no longer an independent country . 
  since germany was already mentioned , bavaria : ( 1 ) bavaria is a free state . 
  ( 2 ) the countrys colours are white and blue . 
  ( 3 ) the countrys wapon is stated by the law . 
  nope , but i know people , who do so, 
  i love mythical animals as wappons . 
  but the [ heraldic panther ] ( http://bestiary.ca/beasts/beast79.htm ) is still the [ coolest ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/heraldic-panther-vector-9895165.jpg ) in my opinion . 
  bird is ediable ? 
  and you never killed a deer or a rabbit with your car ? 
  odd . 
  you are from a city ? 
  but weinschorle is a nice drink during summer , if you do n't want to get drunk, 
  there 's also some bavarian rap , for example `` dicht und ergreifend '', 
  i got in your first post , that you are far right , no need to repeat it . 
  i am not worried about them and i am completly ok with taking them in , but it is always unfortune if people need to leave their country because they face discrimination and hate . 
  but you madam/sir/whatever seem quiet xenophobe and i guess you are n't talking about the millions of economic immigrants , which naturally come to germany every year mostly from our eastern neighbours ( or do you consider them 3rd world countrys ? 
  ) , but about refugees fleeing from a civil war , terror groups and crazy dictators . 
  and no i am not that worried because of them , of course we need to figure out how to teach them german , how to help them integrate and find a job and stuff like that , but i feel like you are one of the people , who are n't exactly helping to achieve this goal . 
  i personally feel like this actually kinda makes the place more flexible . 
  if the gouvernments are to small you have a lack of control , cooperation and it is harder to maintain peace . 
  if they are to big , you have the problem , that some laws and rules may make sence in one region , but do n't in an other . 
  so i feel like more gouvernment that overrule each other are better . 
  i personally have the village council , city council , landkreis , regierungsbezirk , bundesland , bund and than the eu . 
  so you are pretty much in the right wing of the cdu . 
  ( not saying that it is bad , just interested ), 
  not really , everybody cheered for bernie . 
  are you voting for afd ? 
  that would be unfortune , we already get enough lgbt + refugees from russia , we do n't need more, 
  then why were the etrusker mentioned ? 
  they even mixed with the boier \u00edn some places . 
  not in the region of bavaria i 'm from . 
  here pretty much everybody works for bmw . 
  bmw also kinda managed to make it self look like the perfect place to work , thought that is n't really true . 
  a lot people i know desire to work for them . 
  there are also fertile soil , which kinda makes it bavarias granary , but there are n't that many high wage jobs in the farmer industry . 
  i come from one of the richest regions of europe , but without bmw everybody , but few farmers would be without job . 
  i am not that good at translating latin to english , cause i am not very good in both languages , but i give my best : you ( philosophy ) made citys , brought humans in communitys together , you brought them first houses , then in marriage and then in communitys of letters and voices together , you invented laws , you made behaviour and discipline . '', 
  the text is a bit longer , but he is generally praising philosophy like a goddess and seems a bit fanatic . 
  to be fair , he was n't in the best condicion while writing it . 
  usa is 103 , while dprk is 150 and russia is 151 , i do n't really get , why he is complaining . 
  ach good old blutwurst . 
  we got a saying here in germany `` rache ist blutwurst/revenge is blood wurst '', 
  in all the countrys i metioned celts were romanized and then germanic tribes came and inbreed with the romanized celts , but the romanized celts still made a big part of the culture and of the folk . 
  there is also some roman ancestory , because some roman settelt in bavaria and inbreed there as well . 
  all three folks were the cultural and ethnical ancestors of nowadays bavaria . 
  but i think you did n't get my first comment . 
  i metioned most of the former celtic regions , who got conquered and romanized by rome , after they failed to fend them off , propably because of a lack of cooperation between the different celtic tribes . 
  the other commentators mentioned , that they want to reform the greaco-roman empire and attack their northern and western neighbours aka the former celtic regions . 
  i suggested to get a celtic union and fend them off , instead of making the same mistake again . 
  got it ? 
  now i feel bad for explaining the joke , thanks moerke . . 
  tbh since i read ciceros tusculanae disputationes 5,5 , i consider him a bit crazy . 
  '' , a bit far-fetched , is n't it ? 
  we destroyed delphi once , we will do it again !, 
  against common believe todays germany was n't only settelt by germanic tribes . 
  i am a bavarian , you can come to the little village in bavaria i live in and i show you all the celtic stuff they found here . 
  there is a celtic festival every year in the next city , it also has museum with a lot celtic ( also roman ) stuff they found in the region in it . 
  heck austria and bavaria were the first places , where celts settelt and most rivers in bavaria are named after celtic river godesses . 
  there were no germanic tribes in south germany before the fall of rome . 
  the german left wants a new-start for the eu , since they like the idea of a federalist europe , but dislike the eu . 
   bernie was a ~ ~ socialist ~ ~ social democratic choice but he was rejected by the electorate . 
  fify, 
  and bernie sanders is called a communist , just for being a bit more left than the general public . 
  i am a german and would put him left to the middle and would call him a social democrate not a democratic socialist .
