  just accept your fucking ancestors guilt and try not to do the same mistakes . 
  true . 
  both sides are pretty annoying . 
  on the on side there are the antisemits and on the other the people , who call you an antisemit , just because you critizize israel . 
  the whole discussion is so poisoned , i am just avoiding any comments about israel . 
  it never had the chance to join the eu . 
  heck , germany said they wo n't join the eu . 
  it would treaten the power of the big six , 'cause turkey is a pretty big country . 
  that may be because merkel is n't a progressive or left politican . 
  the left and progressive side of germany has a past of disliked her poltics . 
  the resolution also mentions , that the genozide was partly germanys fault , since they were allys and germany knew very well of the genozide on the other side of europe . 
  so more like our childhood friend , that is always phoning and that constanly annoyes us , because we do n't have the eggs to say fuck off ? 
  the same , but what we did with the herero was pretty bad and we should start by really recognizing it and apologizing for the whole thing . 
  with all the consequenzes . 
  i 'm pretty sure most germans would agree , if they really new about the topic . 
  and what is about the `` aunt '' of the girl ? 
  that the police laughed about the report ? 
  very serious and totally not propaganda . 
  greece not really . 
  i would be with you if it was about the colonial past , for example the herero-genocide thought . 
  luckily they are n't in their twenties anymore . 
  the last generation of germans with a my-daddy-was-a-nazi-complex produced a communist extremist group , that killed a bunch of people . 
  he seems to like sabotaging some european countrys eu project . . 
  \u00b4 did n't notice mistake , quiet ironic , is n't it ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m7cr7ap.png ) shows the average alcohol consum and estonia is actually quiet low . 
  if you manage to get to germany , you can get asylum and some lgbt + groups have special communes for lgbt refugees . 
  some eastern europeans also can be grand asylum , if they were oppressed in there home country . 
  but i think it is a high risk and makes little sense . 
  you have to take a long and dangerous journey to europe and probably ca n't continue with your education . 
  it makes a lot more sense for op stay some few years longer and then find a university which takes . 
  i am pretty sure that germany has also a lot english courses when it comes to engineering . 
  you are one of a special kind ... 
  as far as i saw on twitter , they claim he never said it . 
  the federal office for the protection of the constitution ( , or short verfassungsschutz ) is n't exatly known for its capability to deal with dangerous neo-nazi and right wing groups . 
  exspecially since this the nsu it is a commen `` joke '' , that the whole neo-nazi sence contains of people from the verfassungsschutz . 
  that does n't count in this case . 
  boateng is as german as everybody else , he just has a parent from africa . 
  boateng is also one of the most famous and loved player with a huge anbase . 
  i really do n't get how gauland could be so dump and insult a such popular player . 
  i got a different impresssion , when i was in barcelona last year . . 
  who needs this flat countrys with thei coasts . 
  mountains are cool as well and there are river and lakes , were you can bath . 
  this is way better than coast with their sandy beaches , really . . 
  they are pretty delicious after all . 
  i ( german ) get : poles are slavic poles are racist poles are stupid poles are more hard-working than germans honorable mentions : russia is weak america is the devil austria is a gmbh everything is israels fault it is serbias fault india is the worst country in the world turkey is my girlfriend greek is not really broke , we are fooled ( also : greek is the best country ) also : poland is open ( poland ist offen / german saying ) poland is yet not lost ( poland ist noch nicht verloren / also german saying ) poland is in the eu, 
  sorry but harz iv was a mistake , it helped our economy , but fucked up the economy of pretty much all our neighbours and caused a big dumping wage sector . 
  more and more people need 2 different jobs , more and more people do n't get enough wage to finance their live by themselfes . 
  to be fair germany still uses the 3rd stanza of the anthem they had under the nazis . 
  actually it was the official facebook page of pegida baden-w\u00fcrttemberg, 
  it would n't suprise me , recently israel put a big step to the right . 
  i would n't be suprised if he was a israel beitenu voter . 
  your analogy does n't make sense tho . 
  it would make sense if you would say germans instead of nazis or the people you are referring to , would say muslim extremists instead of muslims . 
  you are claiming , that all muslims are extremist and have the same views as the muslim terrorist , which is not the case . 
  but dresden actually has some real problems with neo-nazis . 
  i 'm still waiting for the day , when this sub starts to claim , that hitler was a leftist . 
  did n't work out the last time . 
  you may, 
  you sound like my dad . 
  [ let 's ask google ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=central+europe&amp;biw=1188&amp;bih=566&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjc0lrxrkjpahuklzokht0qc9mq_auibygc ) and i got ta be honest , i never heard anybody not considering germany as central europe . 
  i read the wiki-page various times , most people define central europe as the countries with german influence aka germany , austria , switzerland , poland , hungary , slovakia , slovenia , czechia and sometimes also the baltics and croatia . 
  that 's gross . 
  luckily the catholic church is a lot more progressive in germany . 
  i thought that was / r/dankemerkel ? 
  we even made a sub :(, 
  is n't germany , austria and switzerland central europe ? 
  95 % are you fucking kidding me ? 
  i ca n't read that out of the article . 
  you are implying , that everybody , but muslims are afraid of the current situation, 
  enemy fighters does n't necassary mean isis . 
  in several cases there were human beings in the shelter , when they burned down the builings . 
  i buyed some clothing at some indian fairtrade market and a afghan refugee told me , that it is afghan style clothing . 
  did i signal my environment , that i want to be a sheikh ? 
  sorry , i misunderstood the comment . 
  i do n't get that information from the police report or witness reports . 
  i have no idea , were that information comes from . 
  do n't be a fucking moron and just be honest about the reasons you are eating meat . 
  [ data ] ( http://www.vegetarismus.ch/info/bilder_oeko/landverbrauch-grafik_gross.jpg ) how much land ( in m ^ 2 ) do you need for one kilo food . 
  steak pork chicken fruits potatos vegetable, 
   to answer to which democratically elected head of state ? 
  what about the parlament , it works in germany, 
  the girl also asked her parents several times to remove the pictures , but they just ignored her wishes . 
  you did n't hear about sonneborn before , did you ? 
  you have your interests , i have mine . 
  not really . 
  most female fans of the show call themself brony as well . 
  there are some , who call themself pegasister , but brony is far more common . 
  i would support italy , they are founding members , but have a serious lack of eu-stuff, 
  just join the common market and get the real benefits . 
  was in france this spring and the only difference to previous visits was , that there were more soliders standing around . 
  it 's called nuttenfr\u00fchst\u00fcck ( litterally prostitutes breakfast ) in germany . 
  `` gas them and put them into kzs '' = criticizing immigrant policies, 
  i know , but grammar school does n't really fit and people disguessing child poverty in germany , should at least have some basic understanding of the german school system . 
  of course , do n't get me wrong , i do n't like it , if people wear stuff that covers the face in normal day to day conversations , it kinda creeps me out if i ca n't see the persons expression . 
  but i just like the design . 
  especially the dutch and italians . 
  yupp , we also had prayers and school messes . 
  chador looks kinda cool . 
  how is he offending poland , if he obviously means right wing extremists calling themself patriots ? 
  tbf citys and villages that end with - ing were named after bajuwarian triebs a few years before austria was first mentioned .
