  a german understands more old english than a englishman . 
  who cares . 
  rich germans ? 
  it is naive to think , that this `` german '' banks are really german . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  it is in no way a somely jewish practice . 
  the thing is , people do n't dislike circumcision of minors because it is also done by muslims and jews , but because it is a irrevesible damage , that the person could n't agree on , because it was to small for that . 
  so the argument , that christians do it as well does n't work here , i am sure most europeans disagree with christians doing it as well . 
  we take them , if you help us get a glorious reich and annex austria . 
  wait you are italy , you now what ? 
  just stay neutral . 
  got ta be honest . 
  since brexit i do n't believe shit an british politican ( especially if they 're toris or ukip ) says . 
  really ? 
  what about `` illegally squatting '' ? 
  i want a explanation . 
  not really , for example big parts of the conservative and rightish deutschland gmbh and the reeichsb\u00fcrger movements are essentially anti-american going so wide as claiming , that the usa is oppressing germany . 
  also the afd is clearly more anti-american and pro-russian ( some people claim they also get foundings from russia , but there is no real effidence ), 
  as far as i am aware , we are currently supporting north iraqi kurdistan thougth . 
  you probably never visited citys like warschawa or krakau, 
  even citys like lublin have vegan restaurants since more than 20 years . 
  you seem to have little knowledge about the city berlin . 
  also training foreign soldiers and sending wepons is pretty much the only thing the german military does int he syrian war . 
  mostly used to tease people , who hate each other . 
  the germans go to poland ? 
  it 's pretty much tradition to go to czech where i 'm from . 
  do n't forget the [ schwedendrunk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwedentrunk ) . 
  tbh i only know about it , because i had a pretty cool , but also a bit weird history teacher , who was quiete interested in torture , war crimes , nero , dictators and stuff like thhat . 
  you may claim to be a lefty , but you are a nationalist and racist . 
  how are you different to a british person judging all poles , because they once were robbed by one, 
  you forget , that many people are able to just ` dehumanize ' people , if it fits their aganda . 
  otherwise the holocaust , genozides and most wars woud n't have occured otherwise . 
  it is also often done with terrorists and criminals , how many people would be ok with death sentenses or torture , if they would n't see this kind of people as something lesser . 
  i often see serious tendences to dehumanize refugees , when i read more anti-refugee posts . 
  yes . 
  everybody knows , that only turkish immigrants in germany can make a proper d\u00f6ner . 
  there are also some in germany . . 
  most north african countrys do n't want to take them back . 
  not if you are a hipster, 
  i remember that , they tried to hold their speeches in new-speak and completly failed . 
  my favourite is `` german angst '' . 
  in frankfurt ? 
  yes . 
  munich as well . 
  but berlin ? 
  you get saxony back , if you get rid of the neo-nazis . 
  my mom has the polish and german citizenship ? 
  and the austrian elections . 
  are n't that guy and [ martin sonneborn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_sonneborn ) kinda non-attached buddies . 
  sonneborn also filmed this incident with his [ handy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_sonneborn ), 
  former eastern germany still lacks behind the western parts . 
  that has of course nothing to do with the fact , that it is one of the [ hottest years and months worldwide ] ( https://weather.com/news/climate/news/record-warmest-april-earth-2016 ) . 
  * hust * [ climate change ] ( http://www.takepart.com/flashcards/what-is-climate-change ) * hust *, 
  the countrys these boats are from do n't want the refugees back and you ca n't just bully them into taking them in . 
  but atlas is a greek titan and therefor european . 
  he also tried to destroy the world , which counts for most european countrys , therefor they would feel sympathy for him . 
  ok , mister west-berlin, 
  switzerland is in schengen ? 
  you still remember that one time , when some german-russians started protests , because rt faked a rape of a russian-german girl refugee ? 
  tbf erdogan is n't better , turkey also used it 's turkush minority in germany for some demonstarions and protests . 
  there is a hell of fuck-you-leavers-sentiment , you idiologue . 
  but i do n't want to visit my representatives , they are dicks , ca n't i just write some other member of the european parlament ? 
  to quote ( die partei ) [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aptv0peqco]: `` yes to europe , no to europe . 
  we do n't care about europe , cause that goes for about 72 % of the voters . '', 
  that 's all part of the jewish conspiracy to rule the world via the fourth reich, 
  the questions were basically : is the ep elected by eu-citizens ? 
  are there 28 memeber states in the eu ? 
  is switzerland in the eu ? 
  please do it . 
  i know \u00edt would be suicide , but i want boarder controll between belgium and the netherlands , just to see what would happen . 
  it 's pretty hard to get granted a status as refugee , much more to gain citizen ship . 
  in my opinion yes . 
  being racist and excluding muslims is the reason , why many of them flee in their parents , or parents parents religion and therefor a reason , why a lot muslim teenagers join isis ( or to say it better ) are volunarable for isis ,, 
  sinti and roma can be eastern european as well , you know ? 
  and even if they were sinti and romas , does it make a difference ? 
  it would only show , that it is harder for them to get a job or education in some eastern european countrys . 
  i talk about people , who put people , who need money into a bus , drive them over the border , let them beg in germany , take most of the money and then drive them back home . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
  i have nothing against eastern europeans , but denying something never helped anybody . 
  sorry , but there are eastern european crime rings . 
  there are also eastern european beggary rings and stuff like that . 
  there are a lot romanian groups , which use the open borders to rope houses , beggary and illegal stuff , just to go back to their home country and make a living out of it . 
  that is a reason , why i am for more and better cooperation between the police forces in the eu-countrys . 
  my whole city runs on bmw , does that mean it get 's a british colony ? 
  what is taal and do we really have to learn it ? 
  you forgot the / s, 
  my grandma still has some of them . 
  audi , bmw , vw , opel , porsche , mercedes-benz or some no-name car ? 
  forget it . 
  even fucking switzerland had to keep freedom of movement intact , despite the fact that they had a referendum against it . 
  you really think some cars and a britain in empire-modus can change one of the most fundamental points of the eu ? 
  even switzerland has free movement in order to get access to the market and they are n't in the eu or eea . 
  you had 2 fucking years to decide , what you are going to do after the referendum . 
  to be fair germanys model is n't really centric , but the opposition is neitherless pretty big and vocal . 
  i hope so , i really like vdb and i think he does a good job . 
  na , i think it is good . 
  you can do a ausschluss to yourself after all as well . 
  imao the power will shift a bit to the south , when it comes to the financing sector , because france , greece etc. 
  always voted similar and anti-austerity , while britain , germany etc. 
  voted more pro-austerity .
