  thanks god norway is in the eea and \u00b4 switzerland in schengen in order to get access to the common market . 
  a small not even very vocal minority without political influence bothers you ? 
  which is already the case . 
  the only people suporting it are some `` vertriebene '' and i am pretty sure , that the generlal puplic does n't even know or care about them . 
  they are just some crazy people nobody insults because they lost their homes and you kinda feel sorry for them . \u00b4 that does n't mean that they get any support or have any power , they are just there and as long as they do n't really bother anybody , we do nothing against them . 
  der bund der vertriebenen has exactly zero political power in germany . 
  it is n't something the braod german society cares about , while pis is the leading party in poland . 
  \u00b4 this time , we wo n't make the same mistake . 
  france , austria , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and switzerland you wan na have a celtic union ? 
  you 're on the false subreddit . 
  does n't change the fact , that the jewish community in germany would cry `` nazi '' the loudest , if we ban it . 
  tbh i think it is annoying , that you ai n't allowed to link rt. 
  i once wanted to link a video about some violent randals done by neo-nazis , but could n't because it was rt. 
  ( yeah , i was also suprised to find that video there ), 
  i take the brexit campagne as a personal attack , it has insulted at least half of continental europe . 
  it is a reference to a graffiti on the [ berlin wall ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/bundesarchiv_b_145_bild-f088809-0038%2c_berlin%2c_east_side_gallery.jpg ) it shows boris johnson and donald trump as men with a similar political aganda and claims , that this political aganda will have an bad inpact on the world , the same way `` communism '' had . 
  it 's a fucking [ berlin wall reference ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/archive/2/23/20110817122659!bundesarchiv_b_145_bild-f088809-0038,_berlin,_east_side_gallery.jpg ) !, 
  you try to interpret political art , while having no knowledge about one of the most famous graffittos ? 
  i would n't care if turks could travel visa-free to the eu , if it was n't for erdogan . 
  that guy does n't deserve anything , that could help him gain votes . 
  the autonomous region kurdistan north iraq ? 
  ehhh in germany more than 50 % voted for the merkels party and the spd , which are in a coalition and lead the country together . 
  when all mdbs voted if merkel would be the chancellor , she got 462 of 631 votes . 
  no , the problem is , that i am from a rural region in bavaria , it is n't really uncommon here , heck the bavarian constitution says , that the teacher should teach the pupils in believe of god . 
  and if i do n't want to drive 2 hours every day to the next school , i need to visit this school . 
  we are talking about a puplic school financed by the bavarian state . 
  also it was n't just at `` high school '' , it was the same in elementary school . 
  i do n't know , where you are from , but i went on a public school in germany and we prayed every day at the beginning of the first lesson . 
  we also had a mass at the beginning and end of the school year and before chrismas and christians were requiered to come to every mass and people with other believes to the mass at the end of the year . 
  there was also a book for prayings and a crux in every room . 
  i graduated last year . 
  i personally would n't count poland as eastern european , but you are right , that guy is an idiot . 
  it is forbidden in some countrys , for example germany . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that germany did it to annoy neonazis , 'cause nazis heavily dislike the black-red-gold flag . 
  same reason you ai n't allowed to call it black-red-mustard . 
  it was a joke . 
  i know very well , that they cry for attention every time they say something crazy and it seems to work . 
  before afd and trump i would 've never thought , that people can be so dumb and easy to manipulate . 
  no , they were in frankfurt . 
  the l\u00dcgenpresse lied . 
  eastern europe also has a decreasing birth rates and brain drain , but nobody wants to move into eastern europe , so they do n't have the problem of getting the minority . 
  you are right . 
  thanks for the link , pretty intresting , i 'll read a bit about it . 
  really ? 
  i was sure that the germans came first and the british quickly followed , but i may be false . 
  nobody is allowed to attack die mannschaft . 
  football is just a line you do n't cross . 
  was n't it also the first time kzs were used ? 
  honestly , i do n't get how this movie could convince anybody . 
  it looks like she has a ma\u00dfkrug in the hand and splits beer over his head . 
  the problem is , that people just care about refugees and ignore everything else . 
  also i noted , that a lot afd supporters claim that it was a lie from the `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' while even afd admitts it . 
  i am bavarian and most people i know like czechs . 
  exspecially because people love to do a weekend trip to czechia for some cheep and good beer and cigaretts and therefore often get to see the beautiful country . 
  when you talk about a thousand year reich , i have to think of bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke talking about a thousand year germany . 
  yeah that was pretty good . 
  did you hear what gauland and petry said about \u00d6zis mekka tour ? 
  i am pretty sure the plan of th\u00e9 afd is to get in a fight with the football fans or something like that . 
  why else should they insult every german football player ? 
  gosh , people who only know one topic of a party and then support it . 
  they were always known for being homophobe . 
  they fucking speak about influencing press to represent the traditional family as the only good and stop the `` genderisierung '', 
  at the moment there are a lot clouds forming in the sky and it looks like it will start raining again . 
  it seems like the rain just stopped for a day , i hope it wo n't be that much this time . 
  the flood in \u00b4 bavaria just stopped a day ago . 
  at the moment all kinds of people are helping to clean up the mess . 
  `` sie '' is the polite form , but exspecially teenager normally do n't use it . 
  how long have you been living in germany ? 
  cdu voter are mostly really old people or really conservative people , so i am not suprised in any way . 
  a true statemebt about angela merkel on reddit ? 
  am i dreaming ? 
  hey !, 
  we have a big leftish side that rebells rebelling against it and this time they wo n't either land in kzs or flee , at least i hope so . 
  but it is pretty striking that they always cry `` free speech '' and do n't give it themself . 
  for example frauke petry spoke in my city and people from the anti-afd demo were n't allowed to go into the hall were she held the speech, 
  yeah , my favourite von storch quote is still that condoms are n't safe and that you just should n't have sex before marriage . 
  yeah die welt is n't the most serious news paper . 
  i personally did n't find the stuff with the spd and destroying the anonymity in the internet and i would be pretty shocked if it was true . 
  so it would be really nice , if you could get me some sources . 
  it is not really that bad with the censor ship of hate speech . 
  it is just so that stuff get 's censored if you hate against a group of people or a person and with hate i mean nazi-level hate or stuff like do something illegal like murder rape etc. 
  some examples that were executed '' [ politican ] should be murdered '' `` we should reopen the gas chambers and put this scum into them '' `` the holocaust was pretty much the jews fault, 
  na , the problem is only that gema and youtube ca n't get on a common ground , so youtube just blocks everything in germany that might be copy right related . 
  pretty annoying if you ask me , but it is youtube doing it , so human rigths watch could only critizize that gema and youtube should get a real deal , when it comes to copy rigth content . 
  ok , you are a troll . 
  you nearly got me . 
  my opinions stills stays , the war in europe was mostly won by the other allies , cause the usa were focusing on japan , which was definitly the right thing to do , they did some serious war crimes after all . 
  the war against the nazis was mostly won by the soviets , british and french , but the weapons , aid , etc. 
  you send to them definitly helped . 
  you also did a decent job liberating the country germany and i am happy that you let at least bavaria the way it was . 
  but you ca n't just inheritage heroic deeds , at least not in my opinion . 
  you were serious ? 
  i thought you were just joking around . 
  one must say , that the usa did n't do that much in the europe , but focused more on the pacific war . 
  but i am pretty happy that you did n't choose to kill the farmer from the villages you liberated after killing the few nazi officers that got send there to `` defend '' it or i would n't live , but i doubt that you were any part of this , so it 's no reason for me to like/dislike you . 
  zamam looks like a normal news paper to me , but the rest seems to be pretty shitty . 
  na they were n't europeans anymore the day they choose to leave this goddamn continent and never come back . 
  i have no idea . 
  the gymnasium i visited had exchanges with france , italy , india and australia , but it always depends of the school you visit and where your school manages to find some other school for a exchange . 
  yipp .
