  again , what does this have to do with refugees ? 
  that 's an entirely different political issue , one which will change considerably by next election in 2018 . 
  the difference is in the rules , as always . 
  not to mention the pieces themselves are way different from kubb . 
  it 's very different from kubb . 
  seems accurate . 
  carry on . 
   when was the last time we even had a major protest about anything for example ? 
  when sd entered parliament in 2010 there were some massive protests . 
  at the same time the rise of sd can be seen as a grassroot protest movement . 
  perfect country ? 
  we 've never been a perfect country . 
  there is no such thing as perfect country , that 's a ridiculous thing to say . 
  it 's actually a problem in legal cases . 
  some might report it as rape when it was n't even close to it which warps the statistics massively . 
  well , they would never openly admit it . 
  but yes . 
  our center-right is definitely not to the left at all . 
  it 's very apparent in debates and in the policies themselves . 
  that being said the two parties against the eu in sweden are sd and the left , ironically . 
  finland . 
  alliansen is such a disaster as well . 
  you can tell they have wildly different policies in many areas yet they keep holding onto it . 
  milj\u00f6partiet islamisterna fits them perfectly . 
  biggest issue is with s . they would rather play with people 's feelings instead of actually dealing with political issues . 
  sd and s could definitely get shit done together . 
  mp will never be in government again , that 's for sure . 
  in the latest debate sd were anything but demonized . 
  even some agreement with them and almost every party has more or less adopted their foreign policy at this point . 
  sd is very much in control and they keep rising . 
  in general it 's not so much about corruption , more about vast incompetence . 
  though that does raise the general public 's perception of corruption for sure . 
  indeed . 
  i 'd argue that foreign aid is more harmful than it is helpful , when it comes to africa . 
  i sincerely hope we get a similar referendum in future . 
  voting `` leave '' would be very satisfying . 
   and thats because their policy was to make invading them so costly and draining that no sane military or nation would bother . 
  the same was true of sweden . 
  you can not blitzkrieg through sweden due to the terrain . 
  the swedish army was also considerably larger and more well equipped than both the norwegian and danish armies . 
  germany needed all their resources elsewhere . 
  they 're doing quite well , 
  brits , mainly . 
  not uncommon . 
  nordic countries tend to look at each other and various policy changes and wait to see how it works out . 
  i knew it !, 
  those damn * dalmasarna * moving in !, 
  that 's it !, 
  have a listen to beherit . 
  come back later . 
  also true . 
  was far from an established nation at all or an identity as such back then . 
  indeed . 
  left and social democrats , some greens here and there . 
  and by social democrats you wo n't find many of the center/right-leaning ones up north . 
  you will basically only find social democracy north of uppsala . 
  it 's very red . 
  swedish vikings travelled east . 
  the swedish empire however loved to wage war with everyone in central and eastern europe . 
  and it was excellent at doing so . 
  turns out that a war on 3 fronts is a bad idea , shockingly . 
  sweden broke neutrality many times during ww2 to help our neighbours . 
  technically nothing was officially given to finland but a lot was given unofficially , along with 10000 volunteers . 
  sweden was also not neutral in the conflict between finland and soviet but rather declared non-combatant . 
  norwegian and danish refugees were trained as `` police '' but in reality were trained as soldiers to retake their lands , some were even soldiers who fled . 
  clear violations of neutrality . 
  there were solid plans to help retake denmark but germany surrendered before this happened . 
  i have literally never heard a swede describe it as `` socialist '' or `` paradise '' in my entire life . 
  americans do n't seem to understand the difference between socialism and social democracy . 
  democratic socialism is also not the same thing as social democracy . 
  news to me . 
  never heard of this before ? 
  wait , you mean there are others ? 
  yeah , the tax agency ( skatteverket ) is the best by far . 
  incredibly easy systems in place and easy access . 
  everything is done on the internet in a few minutes . 
  many other agencies could learn a lot from them . 
  ah yes , good old bert !, 
  during the 90 's he was certainly controversial in politics . 
  carl bildt was at the time too , and i suppose he still is to this day . 
  there is always good old olof palme , of course . 
  nah , jimmie is rather calm and collected . 
  there are far better examples of controversial figures especially in latter years . 
  not sure who is the most controversial actually . 
  \u00c5sa romson is certainly up there . 
   tak !, 
  get down from there !, 
  indeed !, 
  either we are too lagom or not lagom enough . 
  it is without a doubt true if you look around for it , indeed . 
   the scandinavian countries having their metaphorical dick sucked huh , i commonly see scandinavian countries being slammed left and right the minute we breathe . 
  especially by the alt-right . 
  `` sn\u00e4lla '' would be the closest to `` please '' but `` please '' in english has a wider meaning and can be used in more situations . 
  `` sn\u00e4lla '' is quite specific . 
  in sentences you can say `` var sn\u00e4ll och inte g\u00f6r det d\u00e4r '' meaning `` please do n't do that '' but again that 's specific . 
  usually does n't take long to realise it 's nicer to remember what happened than throwing up . 
  lots and lots of nationalism here . 
   ... unless it 's a snowy winter . 
  then the system collapses and delays are imminent . 
  and they * just * as surprised every winter .
