  who would have thought that unregulated immigration could be abused by terrorists ? 
  * shocker !, 
  said the german . 
  * kek *, 
  chose ? 
  who the fuck chose ? 
  there has never been any majority support for this amongst the populace . 
  no referendum , nobody asked the people if we wanted it . 
  politicians who have lost their heads in a quest to `` save '' the world and every citizen at the cost of social cohesion , tax money , welfare , stability and freedom . 
  sadly pc politics/activists prevents police from doing their jobs properly all over the western world . 
  hell , at this point i fully expect it . 
  never , i hope . 
  why , are you going on holiday ? 
  i do n't think anyone believes in assimilation of these migrants . 
  people only talk about deportation . 
  we 're also used to politicians being rather sensible . 
  but lately they 've been anything but . 
  that does n't go on forever though , any human will only take so much until they say no . 
  there has never been a majority support for immigration amongst the swedish population , * never * . 
  political correctness was never really a thing either until sd entered parliament and reinfeldt ( our former pm may his head roll one day ) made sure we were flooded with immigrants in a very short time period . 
  reinfeldt basically started the pc movement . 
  but it never really caught on . 
  it caught on in media , yes . 
  but the media is something people generally despise quite heavily . 
  some celebrities for some reason also love being pc in public . 
  despite what the government and media has been trying to tell the world swedes are not this immigration loving people that tolerate everything . 
  quite the contratry . 
  actually , political correctness has been going away since the past year or so . 
  especially in the past few months alone and it must be said that the general population gives zero fucks about being politically correct . 
  shocker , * absolute shocker * !, 
  you what , mate ? 
  it 's already been debated quite heavily and it 's mainly young people travelling to other countries to work . 
  they come back eventually . 
  some generals say that to gain more funding . 
  and more funds are certainly necessary . 
  conscription is also being reinstated and there 's a majority support for that amongst the population . 
  most likely it 's not very good though . 
  and what 's your extensive knowledge and experience of finland ? 
  we 've been trying to keep up with the advanced technology of russian subs . 
  nowadays even in shopping malls . 
  who knows what kind of technology they have . 
  to have kids you need to be able to give them a worthy childhood and raise them in a decent place . 
  that is expensive . 
  meanwhile tax money is all spent on immigration which means immigrants can have kids without working . 
  the rest of us have to work like mere mortals and pay taxes which leaves little time or energy for thinking about kids . 
  both parents must work today . 
  it has nothing to do with xenophobia , rather a very harsh reality that people have very little patience or tolerance for anymore . 
  the women who are raped in the host countries suffer a fair amount ... 
   made headlines in the scandinavian country for months this is the first time i 've heard of it . 
  turnout in the swedish election in 2014 was 85.81 % . 
  20 years ago youth were less stressed and voted for more left alternatives . 
  nowadays the establishment talks about demographical issues whilst young people are stuck in unemployment and feeling useless . 
  i honestly do n't think it exists . 
  they 're doing a nordic tour currently and they 're not happy anywhere . 
  russia could literally flood the border with soldiers , not an ideal situation . 
  they do this all the time and usually their planes are `` escorted '' out of whatever country 's airspace they 're violating . 
  it 's a bit late , not to mention it justifies their plans for a military force . 
  no idea how severe the punishment for human trafficking is in neither france nor the uk . 
  but it 's certainly amongst the most serious offenses . 
  but norwegian is so cute , sounds like you want to give everyone a warm hug all the time . 
  immigration policy . 
  and a lot of swedes want the same immigration policy as other nordic nations , it 's only logical . 
  sweden democrats are pushing this heavily . 
  technically if the ship is danish it 's considered danish soil , so yeah , that works . 
  my british friend tried to explain that situation to me . 
  i 've rarely been so confused as to how they actually won . 
  once you open the floodgates to limit access to certain sites many isp 's will get ideas . 
  not true . 
  there was a terrorist attack in stockholm in 2010 but the bombs failed and so nothing really happened , could have been bad though . 
  then anders breivik killed 77 people in 2011 which was certainly felt by all of us . 
  if the lack of terrorist attacks and vast beautiful nature is `` boring '' i 'll definitely take boring over other things . 
  bears are very shy when it comes to humans . 
  they will only really come in contact with humans if they 're caught by surprise . 
  bear related deaths and attacks are incredibly rare throughout the nordics . 
  because it never happened , you wo n't find anything about it . 
  man , we 're importing academics from the middle east and africa . 
  do n't worry !, 
  a licence does count as id . 
  ... that 's not a bad idea, 
  ca n't we just share ? 
  you have to be mentally ill to be that capable . 
  be happy that you instead have empathy and sympathy . 
  they arrived in shorts not understanding that when it 's snowy it 's also very cold . 
  they said `` snow is beautiful '' and yes it is , but it 's also very cold . 
  they truly seem to be clueless . 
  there was a bit of chatter about it when it started all those years ago but ever since it 's been very quiet . 
  not a word in swedish press either . 
  more police in active duty . 
  being careful about it does n't mean terrorists have won . 
  if they take even more lives they will have won . 
  usa put political pressure on both norway and denmark to continue investing into the f-35 project . 
  rather than buying gripen . 
  [ one source ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20101203/30584 ), 
  back to engineering , tucker . 
  we offered you gripen but nato/usa said no :(, 
  pretty sure this happens just about everywhere . 
  believe it or not there is a lot of pressure on government currently . 
  they 're panicking and trying to maintain the image of peace and prosperity when anyone sees that it 's a chaotic situation and it 's out of control . 
  that said the governments of norway , denmark and finland are pressuring them as well and that 's what we all need . 
  oh and they need a good kick in the teeth , too .
