  in its burning catastrophy . 
  also basically dismantling our entire defense during the mid 90 's up until very recently . 
  yes , there was religion b , i studied it myself . 
  yeah , you 'll most likely get there faster by walking . 
  people working at restaurants deserve proper salaries , not live on tipping . 
  social and political issues are discussed at r/svenskpolitik, 
  rough times , man . 
  the amount of german fags we 've had to push down from rooftops . 
  skirts we 've burnt etc. 
  pretty much , now we just throw insults then silently say `` you 're okay though '', 
  hopefully we wo n't be part of it . 
  i doubt you would need 3 weeks to explore netherlands , it 's very small . 
  a lot of people say that then they come to scandinavia and suddenly complain about the cold . 
   also here in scandinavia people are much more isolated and cold to strangers ; ** a consequence of the climate ** those are cultural differences , not because of the climate considering britain is not exactly tropical . 
  it really is up to you as a traveler to look this up , it has been in the news quite a lot as well . 
  as long as migrants get through the danish border they will be in place . 
  they have no power , they make some great comedy though . 
  absolutely not . 
  that right must be reserved for citizens only . 
  yeah , he really is digging himself a hole the longer he stays . 
  the police hate him , the people hate him , politicians probably do too . 
  i love the comment from sd ( sweden democrats ) after he said that he would resign if they win next election , to which they replied that he would be fired before he even gets the chance to resign . 
  they 're gon na have to at some point . 
  he 's probably got some juicy information about someone which is why they do n't dare get rid of him . 
  yup , agreed . 
  get rid of dan eliason so the police can do their work properly once again . 
  many in the police force are incredibly frustrated with the whole situation , hamstrung by bad leadership and weak politicians . 
  which is why you should say `` f\u00f6r helvete '' or `` j\u00e4vla helvete '', 
  the us is always trying to pull strings in the background whenever they 're not interfering in foreign policy . 
  if it 's included in rent it tends to be cheaper . 
  100 mbit/s 300 sek in my case . 
  ah yes , that 's true !, 
  as opposed to asian scandinavians ? 
  norse culture in general is very interesting . 
  to me the strict religion of the swedish military during the swedish empire is very interesting . 
  brainwashing to turn them into super efficient machines of war . 
  [ stora sj\u00f6fallet ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/suorvajaure_in_stora_sjofallet_park.jpg ) is gorgeous, 
   even the swedes i giggled . 
  you 've never been to northern europe , have you ? 
  sadly i would say it 's a case of justified anger and fear . 
  people do n't like sudden forced multiculturalism . 
  just as sadly honest people will get caught in that crossfire , it 's a mess . 
  do n't get me started on the lens flare . 
  they removed all philosophy and replaced it with mindless dull action . 
  that means we simply do n't have any laws for it . 
  nobody will be stuck on a salary they ca n't live on . 
  probably comes down to the cold war propaganda where anything remotely social was connected with communism . 
  that lives on . 
  correct , handled by unions . 
  very popular . 
  fuck the last 3 movies though . 
  scandinavia is capitalist . 
  there are people in the rightwing section of the social democrats who are very protectionist . 
  they are simply not very loud due to that going against current official party policy . 
   they use english commonly at workplaces only at some tech companies . 
   people are starting to get angry at immigrants nobody would get angry at a korean who wants to come here and work . 
  probably the rightwing of the social democrats . 
  quite firmly in the middle , that is . 
  on the other hand salaries are much higher in denmark than croatia . 
  it is not . 
  i 've talked to many americans and they were fantastic people . 
  american foreign policy however has been very distruptive . 
  people tend to dislike american foreign policy , not americans . 
  our dirty little secret is out !, 
  you are right . 
  as long as you do n't say you 're actually going to kill them you can criticize them all you want and declare them dumb as fuck . 
  anywhere from 25 to 30 + on really hot summer days to -20 in winters . 
  but the liberal party wants even more eu integration and the euro . 
  not very libertarian . 
  [ that song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8bpjfxy9iw ) is the best way to start summer . 
  you 're not getting in the swedish air force i can tell you that . 
  incredibly strict rules and requirements . 
  foreigners telling me what my own country is like is a very interesting phenomenon . 
  especially when they 've never been outside the borders of their own nations . 
  generally american kids , it seems . 
  apparently making america great again is done by harassing foreigners online , who knew that would be a good method . 
  especially funny when i hear that apparently sweden was `` perfect '' before . 
  no country is perfect and no country will ever be perfect . 
  i 'm saying that as a sweden democrat who wants 0 asylum seekers permanently . 
  nothing at all . 
  the west needs to stop trying to police the world . 
  every region must solve its own issues in time to become stable sooner or later . 
  white flight . 
  well respected . 
  they do a fine job . 
  they need higher salaries however . 
  it would be a solid * avg\u00e5 * for me . 
  as it stands today . 
  this might shake the eu up , who knows . 
  i think it 's too early to tell at this point . 
  i want to see a similar referendum in my own country and i think others would want it too . 
  you ca n't really compare american states to eu states since eu states are actual countries with our own laws and governments and economies . 
  out . 
  very few . 
  well they would struggle without eu funding , hence why they 're pro-eu . 
  that does not grant citizenship at all . 
  there will be tests and interviews to make sure it 's an actual relationship and you will not be granted citizenship easily . 
   the swedish f !, 
  party they 're not even in parliament and people laugh at them . 
  calm down .
