  insane people . 
  they really need to be responsible for their actions . 
  borders must be closed and guarded . 
  a true sign of great intellect and constructive thinking ... 
  no , but a lot of fearmongering and the `` impending russian invasion '' scares people . 
  it 's happening in many european cities currently . 
  these people are absolute maniacs . 
  where do these people suggest we put all the refugees ? 
  and how do we fund it ? 
  we are running out of housing . 
  we are running out of funds . 
  this kind if mass immigration is very expensive and does n't actually benefit us . 
  we need the housing for young people who want to start their own lives . 
  we need the funds for education , healthcare , infrastructure etc. 
  insane people . 
  no connection with reality at all . 
  welfare society or mass immigration . 
  you can not have both . 
  pick one . 
  i will not stand for the last option . 
  clearly politicians and a lot of people suffer from severe cases of hubris . 
  it was either give them raw materials or have them invade and take it on their own . 
  in which case they would mow our military down within days , it made sense for the government to give them the raw materials and keep our borders intact . 
  as a neutral nation should . 
  the invasion of norway was indeed a quick response to the uk plans to invade norway and establish a defensive line preventing the raw materials from reaching germany . 
  despite both norway and sweden being neutral nations back then . 
  not at all . 
  as previous comment stated there were agreements made in secret with the us and nato in case of invasion and war with the ussr . 
  no , but it does alarm them , too . 
  on the contrary . 
  people are angry as hell . 
  on the other hand if you call it `` islamic shithole '' you really know nothing , jon snow . 
  time to get rid of these insane governments . 
  yeah , i 'm trying to find something to say but this leaves me speechless . 
  it 's beyond repulsive . 
  media does n't like sd . 
  media seems to have an agenda to spread multiculturalism . 
  they do report it but they try to make it look bad . 
  many polls show that people who work at media tend to support left-wing parties . 
  right now all parties are losing votes across the board to sd though mainly from socialdemocrats ( s ) and moderates ( m ) , the two major parties . 
  sd is actually growing across all social classes and circles . 
  socialdemocrats have traditionally always been strong amongst the working class . 
  right now they are rather voting for sd . 
  with that said there are always people who shout `` racist ! '', 
  as soon as they hear the word sd . 
  it 's a completely new thing in sweden to vote for a party like sd . 
  there have been attempts previously but they never gained much support and disappeared again . 
  sd are here to stay and are going to rise even further . 
  this is the most rational and well-written article on the whole situation . 
  realists are very worried . 
  people with their heads in the sand think it 's wonderful . 
  nah , do n't listen to our media . 
  they 're a bunch of brainwashing fuckers . 
  a lot of people disagree and do n't want this kind of mass immigration . 
  yeah ... that 's just a bunch of shit . 
  no logic at all . 
  shhh ... do n't tell them . 
  yeah , no . 
  it 's having the exact opposite effect . 
  a multicultural society can not have welfare . 
  why ? 
  because denmark is the only nation in the region acting logically ? 
  yeah , amazing reasoning there . 
  thank you denmark for showing that common sense and following treaties and laws still happens somewhere . 
  we ... took care of them . 
  shhh . 
  i was going to ask ; what the hell is he trying to say there ? 
  welfare society or mass immigration . 
  pick one . 
  ca n't have both . 
  yes . 
  absolutely . 
  mainstream media even goes as far as to hide the nationality when immigrants commit crimes . 
  it 's sickening . 
  thanks denmark . 
  being much wiser than our current government and more responsible . 
  well i 'm right since my grandmother was born in norway and does n't have a swedish citizenship . 
  before 2011 these statistics were not that way and they 're always changed every now and then . 
  let 's not forget that you only need one foreign parent to be included in the 20 % . 
  going by this statistic my father is a foreigner because his mother is norwegian . 
  our media is fucking ridiculous . 
  bunch of idiots trying to put the `` racist ! '', 
  label on everything . 
  karlsson anders , johan and karl had a lot of sons . 
  the eu has more than enough resources and the ability to handle issues . 
  if they ca n't handle anything at all it has once again proven to be pointless . 
  eu conveniently ignores * all * problems until they 're out of proportion . 
  yeah , and native americans were such peace lovers , right ? 
  need a doctor 's certificate before doing so . 
  good point . 
  that might explain why our government is in such a hurry to deport them . 
  you can party as much as you want as long as you 're not harming others . 
  well ... she 's right . 
  he could just as well be from blekinge or halland which was part of sk\u00e5neland ( scania ), 
  using history in that way is a dangerous thing to do . 
  you could justify just about anything in doing so . 
  if you want it , come and claim it !, 
  it actually happened at very few schools . 
  and where it did happen they got so many angry calls from parents they never did it again . 
  plenty of war spoils at various museums here .
