  this government can not and will not last until the next election in 2018 . 
  it 's meant to pressure government . 
  what 's interesting to note is that it 's essentially the same things sd have been proposing for quite some time now . 
  not at this time . 
  but sooner or later someone will have to . 
  moderate party is slowly moving towards border controls and tighter immigration policies . 
  yup . 
  sweden democrats , for example , want out of the eu . 
  indeed !, 
  people always say napoleon and later hitler tried the same thing when invading russia and failed . 
  well , we did it way earlier ... and we failed too . 
  i would add [ stora sj\u00f6fallet national park ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/suorvajaure_in_stora_sjofallet_park.jpg ) to the list , it 's absolutely stunning . 
  i was wondering where my longboat went . 
  now i know . 
  buggers . 
  why would you stand that close to the door ? 
  yeah , i 've never had a front door that opens inwards . 
  you seriously overestimate the amount of snow we get . 
  finland is our most important ally and stronger military ties were required . 
  \u00c9ire comin ' with us . 
   tens of thousands of other norwegians also fled over the border to sweden , which took in war refugees just as the country is doing now . 
  naturally , they are our brothers and sisters . 
  not to mention a neighboring country . 
  massive difference between millions of people fleeing from the middle east and north africa , vast majority of them not actual refugees , and other nordics fleeing from war . 
  ah , thanks !, 
  i did n't know . 
  so in reality it 's a permanent thing , right ? 
  you 're thinking about norway . 
  swedish police carry weapons . 
  no idea what this means just yet . 
  a small step in the right direction , at least . 
  meh , marriages . 
  civil partnerships are increasingly more common and much less of a hassle for that matter . 
  buying a house is considered an investment . 
  that 's where a lot of the swedish wealth comes from . 
  i 'm still amazed that they entered from russia . 
  good decision , norge . 
  can confirm . 
  i literally see cracks in the ground . 
  hell is opening . 
  my sources on reddit can also confirm . 
  on topic : finally . 
  watching american news broadcasts can be quite entertaining . 
  a lot of jokes , bad puns , a lot of personal opinions and discussions . 
  the complete opposite to ours since they 're only there to talk about news and not show emotion . 
  could 've been a meeting for zz top cover bands . 
  not to us . 
  but to someone coming from africa or the middle east it 's like coming to the arctic . 
  a rational and sensible discussion based on facts would be wonderful , would n't it ? 
  weed out the ones pretending to be refugees and help the actual refugees fleeing from war and devastation . 
  but no , no logic here . 
  yup . 
  they hear all about being given a house , maybe a car , a hot blonde . 
  they come here and realise winter is coming , it 's getting cold . 
  people are not as welcoming as they thought and they disappear . 
  if they went through the system they would indeed most likely get deported . 
  unfortunately i believe it 's about child labor and sex slavery . 
  would n't really suprise me if it 's about terrorist attacks either . 
  bleeding heart naives love to ignore these things whilst yelling `` refugees welcome '' . 
  on top of that , sd simply want the same immigration policy and politics as our neighbours , which makes sense . 
  nah , quite a few things are changing in the attitude towards sd . 
  more and more people are realising they 've been right all along and that 's just a fact . 
  a lot of people within m want to support sd and at this point sd might become the biggest party . 
  but all we can do is wait and see currently . 
  at this point it 's very likely . 
  too early to tell still , though . 
  the same people who put saudi arabia as the host for a * human rights * panel . 
  a nordic union rather than the eu would be in our countries ' best interest after all . 
  strengthen borders , strengthen relations , trade between nations . 
  anywhere in northern sweden , norway or finland . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  not only spitting in the face of finland . 
  but also in the faces of all the swedish volunteers who fought for our finnish brothers and sisters during ww2 . 
  the pc mafia knows no boundaries and collectively they only become even dumber . 
  who knows , they might even be raised to think freely and be happy !, 
  the horror . 
  nobody has said anything about russia . 
  they have stated that evidence has been found . 
  nothing more so far . 
  yeah , literally no nordic ever says `` my country is a socialist country '' . 
  only foreign media says that and they 're obsessed with us for whatever reason . 
  that 's what 's hilarious about foreign journalists . 
  they usually have no clue about our countries yet they have so many strange opinions about it . 
  `` long a beacon for lefties around the globe , denmark is losing its egalitarian luster . '', 
  i 'm still giggling at this line . 
  what the hell ? 
  that 's what confuses me so much . 
  reading this subreddit it 's like my own country is in a state of war and it 's falling apart . 
  very interesting . 
  i visit malm\u00f6 regularly . 
  both my grandmother and uncle live there . 
  it 's fine . 
  perfectly safe . 
  finland and all our nordic brothers and sisters . 
  united we stand . 
  your comments are being downvoted for some reason . 
  stating facts and explaining what 's actually been said . 
  indeed . 
  hence the response in political polls . 
  how 's that working out for you ?
