take malm\u00f6 back ? 
  welp , be my guest . 
  i 'll watch from a distance . 
  there is a lot of political pressure from the us not to buy or partner up with sweden on military matters . 
  both norway and denmark originally wanted to buy gripen but as members of nato they are heavily invested into the messy f-35 deal . 
  [ you can read more about it here . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20101203/30584 ), 
  thank you , voice of reason . 
  mainstream media is in full panic mode and trying to manipulate every statistic in favor of the `` refugees '' . 
  sorry , but that time is gone . 
  yeah , i 've noticed this . 
  a lot of people here say `` swedes complain all the time '' but then i 've heard people from so many nations say that about their own countries . 
  danish is easy to understand . 
  you just have to really listen and pay attention . 
  the problem is many would rather default to english instead . 
  fees on plastic bags are being debated . 
  hopefully things will move towards the removal of them . 
  why facepalming ? 
  during spring and summer months the sun never sets , daylight 24/7 except in the southern parts . 
  the previous problem was always that solar panels were n't very efficient but they are becoming very efficient lately which makes them a viable option . 
  their denial phase is kicking in . 
  reality is catching up . 
  hyperbole . 
  all these confused llamas . 
  we all need to leave the eu and enter a nordic union instead . 
  man , i planted that money tree but nothing happened . 
  how disappointing !, 
  according to every single statistic and evaluation made here , the native population outperforms migrants even after 20-30 years . 
  so no , these people did n't move to work hard . 
  they moved to sit on their asses all day doing nothing . 
  to be honest , we can keep blaming each other and saying all kinds of shit to people who have no control of the situation at all . 
  if european nations actually followed the dublin regulation they would never reach northern europe at all . 
  first they have to pass southern europe , then central europe and finally they reach northern europe . 
  quite the trip , actually !, 
  politicians are the ones who are responsible and they need to be held accountable for it as well . 
  they ca n't get away with it . 
  the definition of `` rape '' has become one big grey area . 
  and because of this rape statistics are warped and handled in an individual manner . 
  even if it 's between the same two people if a new report is filed it 's reported as a brand new case . 
  if a man or a woman says they have been touched inappropriately this will be filed under `` rape '' in the police report . 
  people really need to understand statistics they read before commenting on it . 
  danish and norwegian are largely the same when written . 
  spoken however , swedish and norwegian are largely the same . 
  a world without religion is a healthy world . 
  curious . 
  a u2 concert in stockholm was just cancelled because of a bomb threat . 
  everyone was searched and police had helicopter and swat on the ground . 
  we love each other and would defend each other to the death . 
  but we ca n't help but tease a little . 
  yeah , danish and norwegian written is basically the same language . 
  norwegian when spoken is very similar to swedish . 
  that said nobody will have any real difficulties understanding either , just have to pay attention and listen carefully . 
  though younger generations seem to use english by default . 
  tehe , arnstad is always quite amusing to listen to . 
  have a drink everytime he says `` racism ''  rip !, 
  assad is next . 
  gaddafi talked about it a lot ; the systematic killing of arab leaders . 
  40 $ / day ? 
  not even swedes on benefits get that much a day . 
  that 's the cost of integration per individual every day , including living expenses . 
  nah , i 've seen reports of some not wanting asylum in denmark or sweden . 
  they want to move on to norway and some to finland . 
  there were even some entering the norwegian arctic border by bike . 
  no idea how the hell they managed that . 
  haha , there 's no point in even trying on this subreddit . 
  it 's definitely not too far gone . 
  measures have to be taken , yes , but too far gone ? 
  definitely not . 
  basically non existent in most of scandinavia , there has never been any need for it . 
  that will probably change in future years . 
  hell , in a nordic union all of the baltic states should be part of it . 
  it will be a collective headache . 
  that 's why we need to get rid of our insane governments . 
  indeed . 
  our media and government are being hypocritical to the bone . 
  eastern european countries are doing everything right currently . 
  tremendous respect to them . 
  here 's hoping , brother . 
  it 's happening here but no election until 2018 . :(, 
  now now , do n't you go around spreading logic in this subreddit !, 
  ca n't have that . 
  or else you get the gandhi burn !, 
  carpets ? 
  gripen ? 
  carpet ... bombing ? 
  it 's absolutely horrible . 
  not only are they entitled and claim to be in distress but they litter all over the place and make a big fuzz . 
  disgraceful . 
  be respectful when other nations help out . 
  yeah . 
  and my skin is white . 
  i 'm far too privileged . 
  literally anyone who cares about their nation , it seems . 
  our comrades from moscow just wanted to go sightseeing on gotland . 
  people mostly get their world views from watching a few youtube documentaries , it seems . 
  i say we feed them only surstr\u00f6mming . 
  they will be gone tomorrow . 
  hey government , what 's that ? 
  is it starting to become a problem ? 
  yeah ... a lot of us told you so .
