i know , but they did not apply for either of them . 
  russia was a partner of nato and the eu , but was never invited to be a member of either of them . 
  poland gained `` diplomatic insult '' casus belli against russia . 
  this is not 9gag . 
  beautiful music . 
  sadly , this is probably true . 
  for us too . 
  also for you with winning , even we will win earlier . 
  we ** do n't ** wan na make the world dance ... 
  nobody * actually * un-recognises it . 
  i will not watch 2018 and 2022 at all because of all that . 
  now just to remember that in four and eight years ... 
  there was england or netherlands-belgium though ... and qatar , which does n't make any sense at all . 
  if i would make that video i would remove crimea from the map entirely . 
  they wo n't , because their children wo n't be immigrants . 
  has been that way since the first turks came here in the 60s . 
  i * assume * this is sarcasm ? 
  de cock is more of a belgian name , we would have de kok here . 
  i have absolutely no opinion about bulgaria , nor about bulgarians . 
  or a third danish , a third english , a third dutch ... k\u00f6ttbullar \u00e4r en konspiration av ikea och den svenska regeringen . 
  i literally made that up though . 
  i like that frisian is this sort of middle ground between dutch , german , english and danish . 
  canadians are fine by me . 
  i fully agree but will probably get downvoted by eurohaters and eu-critics ... 
  macs are malware too . 
  i too would like it if everyone had their own / r/circlejerk, 
  is this / r/conspiracy or / r/rossija or something ? 
  even with that whole `` nsa spied on merkel '' - thing ? 
  privjet , now i speak 9 languages !, 
  what did it even say in english ? 
  indeed , aussies , nz , germany , uk , france , scandinavia , finland , belgium , japan , sk , canada , usa are all very good at sports . 
  europeans are actually to rich to take up running ... 
  i can do the 100 meters in 14 seconds though . 
  only did it once , but still ... 
  iceland has sigmarsson too . 
  i know , but how much moroccons immigrated this year ? 
  and yet here in the netherlands people think the country is being flooded with immigrants ... 
  not as retarted as the amish . 
  the `` refo 's '' , as we call them , drive cars at least , and sometimes even have a pc or a console . 
  topless men are fine . 
  and really , i only saw my mother 's breasts once in the last ten years , and i 'm 18 . 
  ah , yes . 
  i do not have a job though . 
  who said you need a job to be in this subreddit ? 
  it is because of the topless woman . 
  it is . 
  for all we know there might me some eight-year old on this subreddit . 
   most hardline christian party in politics in the netherlands at least , yes . 
  quran belt ? 
  netherlands is n't germany , now go back to / r/murica . 
  reformatorisch dagblad worst dagblad !, 
  add volkskrant , add volkskrant !, 
  there are songs about ebola already ? 
  wait , it is us , you 're right . 
  please never let me turn my head that angle . 
  yes ... 
  i 'm pretty sure that is denmark . 
  it 's mostly old people that do n't have internet that hate germans for ww1 +2, 
  haha , i guess generally spoken france is the third ( after russia and germany ) hated nation of europe . 
  well , let 's start talking with luxembourg about a tunnel from maastricht to their country ( cheap petrol ! ), 
  how do you even know that ? 
  he was an austrian . 
  do n't you guys hate france more ? 
  or [ france ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_martin ), 
  you bloody idiots ... 
  because maffia, 
  german highways are already good . 
  or we build a huge bridge to france . 
  `` travelling in a fried out combie ... '', 
  so you do n't get stuck in a hole when crossing the belgian border . 
  blue banana !, 
  also greece . 
  france and the us are relatively near . 
  go to the sea . 
  de mol afaik is no longer on tv in belgium , it 's still ongoing here in the netherlands though , next year will be the sixteenth season . 
  saturday 10:20 with vueling to amsterdam for $ 56 , if you need to know anything else please pm me . 
  i too think they 're danskjavlar though ... 
  now that 's why i said it would look too much like home for me . 
  well , it looks too much like home . 
  stockholm , a city in which i can speak with the locals ( i ca n't understand uk accents ) yet still feel like i am in a different country ( does n't feel like that in flat denmark ) . 
  germany too . 
  basically any nation with a language close to english . 
  i did not make that map . 
  but sure , just make it independent of the eu , it will dissolve into tiny city states eventually . 
  that 's why i said most, 
  that 's why i said most, 
  well , that 's true with most places north of zwolle ... 
  it 's actually still 28 eu states and the baltics are stronger now ... 
  nor can i. sealand does n't even own zeeland !, 
  ca n't find it , i 'm sorry . 
  [ i think you mean this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qkc2lxk.png ), 
  take a flight from schiphol to paris ? 
  otherwise there are planes from schiphol to morocco ... 
  i am not op ... 
  we all know you are a troll . 
  did n't look at his account first . 
  i 'm a dumbdumb then ... 
  please note that sharia in those areas ( they exist in other countries too ) is enforced by the people living there , and is against the law in these countries . 
  i do n't really know anything about immigration though , so i ca n't really help you . 
  easyjet 's website says : `` children travelling on international flights must have either a valid id card or passport and any other necessary documents .
