well ? 
   welfare granting a decent living put this first . 
  who cares if state happens to be part of certain industries . 
  human needs come first . 
  i was referring to incidents where french winemakers attacked drivers importing spanish wines . 
   cause majority of ukranians support this decisions 404 source not found, 
   communist statues and ideas straight down the toilet where they belong you are pathetic , 
  as much as french hate spanish vines . 
  let 's be more realistic then . 
  requiring signatures of 30 % of the voters to set referendum in motion would make it almost impossible to use this system for anything other than issues of most importance which many are really passionate about . 
  think about all those awesome swiss referendum questions and how they would never be there if such a * 30 % rule * was in place . 
  you * can * and most likely will break things by allowing people to change the rules of referendum system . 
  haha , do you seriously do not understand what i 'm saying here ? 
  say you manage ( through the existing referendum system ) to change the number of needed signatures to * 99 % of all voters * . 
  this decision can not be reversed without 99 % of voters signing the petition to vote . 
  referendum at this point effectively can not be held again without ignoring the will of people ( breaking the existing referendum rules ) . 
  read the last part of my question . 
  how does one change needed number of signatures from * x * to 10 million for example ? 
  and who gets to propose new laws ? 
  anyone ? 
  anyone who gets * x * signatures ? 
  yes ? 
  and who gets to decide just * how many signatures * you have to get before your law proposal gets put to vote ? 
  does not make it right . 
  not even annexation , more like accession . 
  but hey , let 's just pretend any unwanted change of border , no matter how insignificant , is pure sacrilege and will bring us misery for eternity unless we take back what belongs to us !, 
  next you 'll tell me you do n't agree putin is much worse than hitler . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  these type of people are arguing that the only way to help the unfortunate is by consensual transfers . 
  in other words , if a/b/c does n't wish to directly contribute helping the weak , just leave them alone . 
  there is no rational way to argue with that . 
  one can only appeal to empathy . 
  i think you are underestimating the will of your generals to play the * world game * . 
  try to contain them to us defense only and soon you 'll find yourself * attacked * by a distant country from across the sea and involved in geopolitics once again . 
  apart from non-invasion , what is `` territorial integrity '' in relation to budapest memorandum ? 
  he 's implying that you ca n't possibly be from the eu with your unwanted views and all . 
  us citizens should demand a 30-year plan for shifting thr burden of nato to european countries . 
  we 're not too happy to depend on you , you 're not too happy we depend on you . 
  i think your generals fear europe could enter military alliance with russia or china if left alone though . 
  all the while ceos have enough wealth to live 1000 decent lives , normal people will demand laws that enable them to spend more time with their families ( * `` work less '' * ) , live safer and healthier lives ( * `` be paid more '' * ) and have some short-term security job-wise . 
  it 's much less stressful when you have three months to find a new job than it is when you know you could be end up without income after your next shift . 
  eat a slice of bread and you 've got enough * necessary * carbs for a day . 
  never had a bigger urge to smack someone than i do now for the guy who proposed a * serving * system . 
  there were signs they would n't respect the sentence ? 
  sad story . 
  ca n't believe president actually pardoned an axe-murdering maniac . 
  not only that , but gave him salary for the time he spent in prison and promoted him . 
  if there were any justice , no one would be doing any business with azerbaijan from that point on . 
  i fucking hate these * `` a look inside x region '' * galleries . 
  photographers searching for misery and if that 's not enough , put some desaturation + hdr filter over it . 
  that should make it gloomy enough . 
  if that 's patriotism then patriotism is immoral . 
  if you 're going to argue that food , music or architecture is more important than human lives , we have nothing to discuss anymore . 
  oh , you were trolling the whole time ? 
  yeah i know all of our polls claim different but i know this guy who swears he spoke to another guy ... 
  it 's much better to be appreciate actual advances for society made through cooperation ( as many germans are now ) than to be proud of some vague idea of germanity . 
  and you 're not supposed to * feel proud * that it is * your * country that made all those achievements . 
  you actually want to see that level of cooperation and achievements all over the world . 
  what is your taxation/welfare/minimum wage situation ? 
  are you similar to nordics in this regard ? 
  `` i guess we 're ok but there are brown people around and i do n't like it . '', 
  there 's not much debate that sweden is most likely the best ( or one of three ) country for an average human being to be born in at this moment in time . 
  but you always get some asshole claiming sweden is n't christian enough , or pagan enough . 
  it goes without saying that most of those people never set foot in sweden . 
  nah , is n't about competition . 
  factories that * do * work have no problem with export even though many are using outdated equipment . 
  our `` patriots '' bought many state factories for literaly pennies , sold equipment and land . 
  hopefully , both sides will deescalate this . 
  open war could economically pull them back even more . 
  not to mention the huge unnecessary human loss . 
  okay ? 
  both heavily redistribute wealth through taxation . 
  worker 's rights were better 20 years ago ? 
  consumer rights ? 
  minority rights ? 
  i doubt it . 
  entry to foreign journalists is n't forbidden . 
  many went and brought back opinion pieces . 
  as far as i 'm know , no one questioned that support is +50 % , only that it was done not according to the law . 
  me neither . 
  what 's your point ? 
  since when do you make this much sense ? 
  i do n't remember you being this reasonable . 
  policies of germany and sweden are certainly more left than right . 
  fake or not , in any alternate scenario you can imagine vote would be at least 50 % _ yes _ . 
  i think we can agree on this ? 
  depending on the author , difference can be very blurry . 
  he wants proof . 
  must be a shill . 
  do n't be silly , use of certain symbols might be illegal but communist ideology itself is not illegal . 
  not in latvia , not anywhere . 
  from what i can read there , source _middleeasteye.net _ was questioned . 
  this time , source is _ independent.co.uk _ . 
  jesus christ , who will save the western civilization from those uncivilized chessmonsters ? 
  you 're right !, 
  how did we miss this ? 
  and they decided to kill a lawyer even though guys themselves can talk to ukrainians any time they want ? 
  really ? 
  is that your final theory ?
