  for example , some large film formats can be scanned to have much higher quality than today 's digital sensors can produce . 
  no way !, 
  that 's how kingdoms grow ? 
  they are flexing their muscles , just as nato is doing by flying by the coasts of russia . 
  they do n't fly over estonia , mate . 
  traditions are n't nearly as important as values . 
  that sounds like a good soap opera . 
  learn the difference between international and national territory , dummy . 
  those are n't territory violations , dummy . 
  you ca n't shoot it down if it 's not directly violating your airspace . 
  you do know what `` airspace violation '' means , right ? 
  really not that famous outside hungary . 
  what they 're ( incorrectly ) arguing is that those isolationists would n't have risen so high without external forces ( putin himself ) . 
  that 's great for norway !, 
  do you happen to know what is the annual growth rate of norway 's fund and what was it for russia 's before sanctions ? 
  also , we have to take polarization into account . 
  highly polarized society might have the same score as some other homogenized society . 
  poland is there . 
  i mean , whole ukraine - why not ? 
  but crimea for military purposes + influence in east ukraine as an opposition to any pro-us treaties is almost as good for russia . 
   putin will be on his knees for forgiveness . 
  you really do n't understand russians . 
  russians also have two similar funds , no ? 
  is it humid ? 
  just to confirm , you read my comment , right ? 
  oh , you do n't understand . 
  what western media is saying is true - turkey really _ is _ buying oil from islamic groups . 
  but russia is definitely lying when they say turkey is buying oil from islamic groups . 
  you see , it 's easy . 
  oh , there is so much money to be made by well-connected individuals and groups just by reselling oil . 
  usually not something government would do to enlarge its budget , though . 
   complained to the eu your lng terminal was `` anti-competitive '' source , please ? 
  not in their interest . 
  it 's not in the greek 's interest to shoot down a turkish plane . 
  just as it is n't in the russia 's interest to shoot down a turkish plane . 
  i read somewhere the exact number of violations of turkey 's airspace by different countries this year . 
  ca n't find it now . 
  anyone brought up the syrian government at all ? 
  from nato :  nato 's essential purpose is to safeguard the freedom and security of its members through political and military means . 
  also  ** political ** - nato promotes democratic values and encourages consultation and cooperation on defence and security issues to build trust and , in the long run , prevent conflict . 
   _ russians mostly do n't bomb isis ^ * _ !, 
  ^ * our ^ super-narrow ^ definition ^ of ^ isis, 
  bread is objectively sacred ? 
  yeah , different kinds of protection for different threats . 
  what 's unclear about that ? 
  you protect your home from small-level criminals , not from economic migrants , religious extremists , no ? 
   that was quite a nice wake-up call so , what exactly did you learn by that weird incident ? 
  that 's why he cursed it with the curse of hard rinsing . 
  his dick is so clean it acts as a soap is what he 's trying to say . 
  by guarding your house you 're trying to keep untrustworthy people out of your surroundings . 
  what 's your point again ? 
  do n't bother , someone 's angry . 
  only looking at slovenia 's minimum wage ( double the czech ) , i 'd say it 's better off in slovenia , no ? 
  it is not unusual for people who `` illegaly '' work to actuylly seek employment through the local bureau even though they have no intention to accept an offered job . 
  it 's done because states usually offer some kind to assistance to those looking for a job , whether it 's in a form of money or free transportation . 
  it is not unusual for people who `` illegaly '' work to actuylly seek employment through the local bureau even though they have no intention to accept an offered job . 
  it 's done because states usually offer some kind to assistance to those looking for a job , whether it 's in a form of money or free transportation . 
  anyone said all of his ideas are evil ? 
  this guy does many things . 
  it 's two different views . 
  if you consider your culture to be overall better than that of the surrounding nations , you 'll see borders as a necessary thing to protect your environment . 
  if you see cultures as pretty much equal - then borders are an evil way of separating equal people . 
  because you 're literally _ paying citizens _ of a foreign country to act in your behalf - to pressure government for laws you want . 
  by funding media , you 're appealing to foreign public through emotions and/or reason . 
  it 's just a mentality . 
  once you enroll into secondary education program , finishing is seen as something you have to do . 
  it would n't work right now but i do n't worry for the humanity . 
  even though it 's not the case today , eventually everyone will evolve to posses empathy . 
  how about discounts for couples ? 
  helping out less wealthy beings is more important than your culture . 
  thank you for your worldview , 
   1944 never forget :d, 
  seriously ? 
  paying respects to fallen family members ? 
  good voice but repetative and too familiar ? 
  you should understand that communism is an ideology that comes in many flavors . 
  i can be ideologically socialist/communist and completely condemn and reject ussr 's foreign policy and internal witch-hunting , wanting nothing to do with people who support it . 
  i can also relate to ` national socialists ' who condemn imperialism and racial/religious discrimination . 
  that being said , one is more likely to find a self-identifying ` communist ' rejecting discrimination than self-identifying ` nazi ' rejecting discrimination . 
  i am very left-wing and i agree with this . 
  religion is a highly polarizing topic for you to take right on . 
  show your people you can improve their lives first because they 'll turn against you otherwise . 
  you must be living in a village if that incident `` was of gigantic proportion '' . 
  what does worldview has to do with credibility ? 
  has leftist vision or the society proven to be overall bad for humanity as a whole so they are `` discredited '' by advocating this danger ? 
  journalism in a free market is not a bastion of truth but a competitive career like any other . 
  you 're ok with this and then you get mad when journalists try to maximize their profits the easiest way ( selling out , writing propaganda pieces for companies and governments ) . 
  there is no sanctity of private property anyway ( taxes ) so why are local governments pretending they ca n't do anything about prices ... 
  who 's extreme left ? 
  wall st. bankers and weapon manufacturers ? 
  what * are * you smoking for real ? 
  you 're sick . 
  jesus i 'm glad i found one good person in this thread . 
  same goes for me , comments and these upvotes . 
  how dare these dark savages even present themselves in front of us while fleeing their countries ? 
  yeah , the 're the true villains !, 
   and saying we kill animals for food does n't sound to me like it exclusively implies necessity . 
  when `` for food '' is contrasted with something else , it implies necessity . 
  words have meaning . 
  `` he killed for fun and we kill for food '' falsely implies that we do it for necessity .
