has n't this been common knowledge for years ? 
  an immigrant who shows up at 18 and leaves before pension age is always going to contribute more . 
  the question is , if mass immigration is done because of net benefit , where does that leave the native ? 
  bet it cost 10k and all, 
  you 're lucky then i guess , a lot of people do n't feel that way . 
  if you cant grasp why someone might think the eu flag is foreign you might consider a job inside the european commission, 
  and i 'm sure they 're all over the moon considerin they 've got almost as many euroskeptics as the british, 
  france does n't blink when a foreign flag is flying over it . 
   we can allow problematic relations with one subset of people can we ? 
  that 's good to know, 
  did you really wan na hold those countries up as examples ? 
  naah . . you do n't need to be booming to be doing better than europe . 
  i never said a rude word to you that that was n't repeated . 
  fyi my net vote score on this reddit is ** -60 ** if a / skeptic * is getting up-voted here and you 're getting down-voted , ( not one of which was mine ) it might be your fault . 
  because one law for 500 million people in 28 diverse countries is a monumentally stupid idea as demonstrated by the last decade of european stagnation . 
  war can sprout from a multitude of conflicts , the brits used to team up with russia too , whenever the continent was under threat of a state having hegemony over it . 
  in my opinion the eu 's integrating efforts have long passed the peak of increasing peace . 
  it 's fueling conflicts already , externally and internally . 
  there are countries that would be better off outside and ones wholly dependent on it , it 's a tinderbox of uneasy alliances between states that are 50 + years away from the vague economic parity that 's aimed for . 
  where you 'd have to break a law and piss off 27 nations at once if your state needs to take an action that contravenes what the eu requires . 
  it 's practically a bureaucratic parody of pre ww1 . 
  i can concede that partially , but there 's a vast chasm between what the ecsc was , and the eu is . 
  that i consider dishonest , to attribute relative peace to everything the modern incarnation does rather than to what the old one did with a fraction of the influence . 
  ask a ridiculous question , get a ridiculous answer i suppose . 
  nato does not require political union from its members , so how a future without a use would precipitate nato collapse i do n't fathom . 
  we 've been at peace since because of nato and nukes . 
  not the eu . 
  you seem to have a good idea of what might happen if we do n't unite , can you illustrate it for me ? 
  unification round these part is n't exactly a fresh idea either , the means are modern but the results are inconclusive at best . 
  i 'm for small government and as much as the eu thinks it 's the future , i cant tell it apart from a large nation state . 
  imho the eu was beneficial up to the efta . 
  beyond that i think its formenting civil strife , debt and contagion . 
  i do n't think political union is holding to our ideals at all . 
  europe has faired well throughout history partly thanks to how we 're both allied and in direct competition . 
  when external threats arise european states do n't hesitate to meet them together . 
  free trade can exist without currency union . 
  and its remarkaby cheap in comparison . 
  what do you think chinas going to do to you ? 
  alot of people on here will say skeptics abuse the `` politics of the other '' . 
  but i 'll just as often here how threatened we are by the us and china . 
  who cares what the debt or development tethered countries think ? 
  provider nations are getting pushed to the door , when do you reform in that situation ? 
  europeans should absolutely be our main trading partners , europe 's a fucking power house and always has been . 
  it was something long before the eu came along and it 's global ranking is not something the eu can claim . 
  functional economic areas and trade blocs exist without , and probably because , they lack the ill thought out , mismanaged and over reaching attempted political union that europe has . 
  it aint just an argument for britain , the eu 's been holding us all down for a decade . 
  who chooses these core values but the leaders ? 
  this is exactly why there is a democratic deficit . 
  just because something was set out in the past , does not mean it 's not negotiable now . 
  am i ? 
  nafta 's nothing like the eu , but north america is n't running headfirst into political union because it 's not good enough . 
  we can get favorable trade , less bureaucracy , common standards and even immigration if you want it from a free trade agreement , without installing a pseudo state to run it . 
  stability, 
  what does the eu have to do with that ? 
  poland fixed its economy in the 90 's and has been on steady rise since , the only thing accelerating after 2004 was the national debt . 
  what exactly are you looking at ? 
  there 's literally nothing quantifiable about the eu that you could call great . 
  the only thing it has left for anyone to look at and think `` that 's defensible '' , is its vision for itself . 
  would n't you rather our money go somewhere it was n't wasted ? 
  eh , i never gave an opinion . 
  just that it sounds the same guy 's saying it every time . 
  greece has never been a model of fiscal responsibility , but it did function as an economy that did n't have to take on massive debt before the eu . 
  the eu sent money in the crisis primarily to prevent the damage to the euro a greek default would have caused . 
  the euro ruined greece and loan money has not stopped greece from getting worse in any sense at all . 
  it is only propping up the country so it can ignore the fact that it does n't function using a currency pegged to economies too dissimilar . 
  on the other hand look at greece , the money the eu graciously lent them has turned the country into a basket case that ca n't function let alone compete or benefit its trading partners . 
  yet there * is * trouble , it does n't appear to be limited to tanks . 
  trouble is inevitable when you try to unite europe . 
  you 'd of thought we 'd understand this by now . 
   first , britain 's eu membership and high level of immigration bring it huge benefits in terms of economic growth , cultural vibrancy and clout . 
  did nick clegg write this ? 
  is n't this the point of the rebate ? 
  that the eu does n't have to ask it just has to withhold . 
  i 'm getting the impression that a months notice to come up with 1.7 bn is n't how the mechanism was intended to work . 
  why are we funding an institution that 's brought the continent to its knees ? 
  every penny we give the eu to mismanage the economy is wasted . 
  it 's time for new management and vast reform . 
   the payment , described by officials as a `` surcharge '' follows a change to the way the eu calculates gross national income to include previous hidden service industries , including such prostitution and illegal drugs . 
  desperation . 
  give them a break , how can they preemptively build their offices in brussels without stealing our money ? 
  i say sell westminster brick by brick , we wo n't be needing it . 
  are they desperate or inept ? 
  i just ca n't fathom . 
  coercion happens both after and before joining . 
  edward heath was caught lying about the eec 's intentions long after the fact and you still get major eu figures distorting and flipflopping on what the eu wants . 
  national politicians bare some of the responsibility for misrepresenting the eu to the electorate but so does the eu for not being transparent historically . 
  then you have the post ascension coercion like the eu taking some fiscal controls in countries in economic difficulty , national politicians may very well say ok to it but this does n't change the fact that the eu 's m.o in every member state issue is to take control away from nations . 
  consent to all this does n't make the eu not imperialistic . 
  it 's that there is a will inside the eu that is seperate from the will of the nations that make it . 
  it 's not the picture of electorates intentions for europe it 's the vision that commisioners and their similars have held since the 40 's . 
  polite imperialsm , the coercion from the eu usually comes later . 
  i get you , but russia bad doesnt mean eu good . 
  imperialism need n't be by force . 
  look it up . 
  i 'm judging by the eus expansionist compulsion . 
  the eu does n't do just trade deals . 
  you know that . 
  what was a country in russias sphere was suddenly at risk of not just realligning but being fiscally controlled by the eu . 
  that is cause . 
  the eu either did n't or did predict the russian incursion into crimea .
