  hunting and being familiar with nature is part of our national identity , so stop downplaying this with your ridiculous `` bj\u00f6rn korhonen '' arguments . 
  there are tens of millions of legal gun owners - hunters and sports shooters - in europe . 
  these are law abiding , tax paying people - fathers , mothers , grandparents , sons and daughters - they 're not some evil gun toting monsters , they 're normal people . 
  punishing these tens of millions of people by banning their hobbies they are passionate about and have spent thousands , even tens of thousands of euros to be able to do , would be absurd . 
  they and their legally held firearms had absolutely nothing to do with any of the terror attacks in europe . 
  ** punishing these innocent people is exactly what the terrorists want ** , that 's tens of millions of more victims directly because they ( the terrorists ) did something . 
  about the decommissioning part i agree , the laws about it are different all around europe and assembling a working weapon by buying parts in different parts of europe is possible ( schengen plays a big part in this ) . 
  but what i 'm trying to say here with this long post , is that this directive is trying to do so much more than just unifying the decommissioning laws around europe . 
  this directive in it 's current form would be a disaster . 
  not to mention that this whole directive was done in secrecy by the '' [ eu task force firearms ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transparency/regexpert/index.cfm?do=groupdetail.groupdetail&amp;groupid=2931 ) '' which consists completely of people with long anti-gun history . 
  even the 2 experts in the task force are openly anti-gun for ideological reasons . 
  so this proposed directive is extremely one sided and biased based on anti-gun ideology . 
  the paris attacks could n't have come at a better time for them . 
  it 's not only finland that would be affected . 
  this would punish millions of innocent european sports shooters and hunters for what some jihadi did with an already banned weapon . 
  legal gun owners are one of the most , if not the most law abiding demographics . 
  legal gun owners and legal firearms have absolutely nothing to do with terrorist attacks . 
  terrorists get their weapons from the current and former eastern european conflict zones , warsaw pact armories and illegal firearms & explosives are also smuggled in from north africa by smugglers amongst the millions of refugees . 
  you want to collectively punish tens of millions of law abiding european gun owners - most of whom have spent thousands or tens of thousands of euros on their legal firearms and gear - because jihadists kill people in western europe with illegal , smuggled in firearms ? 
  legal gun owners are completely and utterly blameless for what happened in paris . 
  that 's like banning cars across europe because some drunk , licenceless idiot stole a car and drove someone over . 
  ever heard of practical or ipsc ? 
  ( or the finnish ` sra ' ) ? 
  these are all very popular in finland , especially amongst the hundreds of thousands of army reservists . 
  * sra : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_dinpq5jde * sra : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfoh9jldddu * practical : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yby9hd6sbvm * practical/sra : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kimjmuzpr3s * ipsc : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztfvzc-hxik * ipsc : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dymkjn8a50k, 
  of course it does , this ban on semi-automatic firearms would have a direct negative effect on finnish national security . 
  you can keep your ridiculous british firearms legislation to yourselves . 
  perhaps i should 've used the term `` european countries '' instead of `` the eu '' . 
  britain and france both contributed ~ 20 aircraft to the libya campaign in 2011 and both ran out of munitions in two weeks . 
  they had to call in the u.s. for munitions and additional aircraft to get the job done . 
  and do n't even start with the `` my army is better than yours '' argument when they are built from the ground up to accomplish fundamentally different tasks . 
  uk and french ( and a many , many other european armed forces ) are small and built to project force in 3rd world countries in the middle-east and africa at the expense of national defense . 
  other countries ' armed forces ( like finland 's ) are built to do the exact opposite . 
  european union and a collective european army ( and thereby an european federation/united states of europe ) are two very different things . 
  i guess we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  how about no . 
  russia can come and try though . 
   you 're a neighbour of russia . 
  you do n't have a choice in the matter . 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  there will never be a collective eu army as long as nato exists , and even if nato did n't exist it would still be a long shot . 
  to truly have a collective eu army , the eu would more or less have to be a federation , and that 's not going to happen anytime soon , if ever . 
  i sure as hell am not ready to give up my national indentity and independence . 
  not to mention that you would need a single command language ( out of the 23 officially recognized languages in the european union ) . 
  you ca n't * just * come together and expect it all to be fine and dandy . 
  the vast majority of eu countries have seriously neglected their own defense for so long that it 's going to take a long time and a boat load of money to rebuild it . 
  decades of systematically destroying its own militaries and heavily cutting down on defense spending have transformed the eu into a politically correct paper tiger unable to even defend itself without relying on the u.s. for help . 
  eu ca n't even conduct a small scale aerial operation ( libya ) without running out of supplies and calling in the u.s. to get the job done ... a collective `` european defense '' is an absurd idea that has no basis in reality today . 
  then we 'll all bask in their massive oil wealth , 
  only if nato membership does n't become an excuse to cut defense spending . 
  for 4 days in 1944 finland was simultaneously at war against nazi germany , soviet union and britain and the commonwealth nations . 
   yep , there are plenty of stupid people in finland . 
  realistically russia would just walk over us . 
  if you really think so , then count yourself in with the `` stupid people '' . 
  russia 's conventional military power is not as great as you think . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://blogit.image.fi/somesotilas/venajan-konventionaalisen-sotavoiman-arvioinnista/ ) a pretty good write-up on the subject ( in finnish ) . 
  debatable . 
  what would you consider a win ? 
  pushing the russians all the way to the pacific coast ? 
  soviet union fully intended on annexing finland entirely , it failed to do that . 
  finland lost land . 
  in the end , it really was n't a clear victory for either side . 
  the problem is the lack of european identity in a large majority of eu member states . 
  i for example have little to no feelings towards the european union as an entity . 
  the eu means nothing to me , so why would i fight and possibly die for an entity that i have no feelings or sense of obligation towards whatsoever ? 
  estonia ( and the nordics , to some extent ) is/are an exception for me personally , but that has nothing to do with the eu . 
  that 's a different poll . 
  an economic union and a military alliance are two veeeery different ball games . 
  eurobarometer 2015 polled eu citizens on this , iirc 43 % of finns supported a eu military alliance , one of the lowest numbers in the eu . 
  huh ? 
  he is exactly on point . 
   there are bases and underground mountain caves full of american equipment that gets maintained by them to he made available should any russian incident warrant us involvement . 
  that 'd be norway . 
  what would you consider a `` win '' ? 
  russia 's conventional military power is not as great as i think you think . 
  if finland was an existential threat to russia that absolutely had to be taken out , then yes , we 'd `` lose '' eventually . 
  a scenario like that is unimaginable though . 
  loss of finland is not an existential threat to the eu . 
  loss of finland is an existential threat to , well . . finland . 
  we 're better off with a strong independent defence under our own control rather than trusting our defence on a third party . 
  any possible alliance should only be a bonus on top of a strong independent defensive force of our own , not a replacement for it . 
  the way our own armed forces are setup right now is pretty damn ideal to us . 
  for the last 100 years we have been preparing for the one and only threat from the east , our military is very specialized to conduct operations in our own soil , in our conditions and in our terms . 
  we have a large and capable trained reserve and the highest will to fight for our country in the western world . 
  if we were to abandon all of that planning , specialization and preparation and join forces with a single generic eu military under eu control our situation would only worsen . 
  i do n't trust a soldier from another country to have the same will and dedication ( or even capability ) to fight for this country than i or another finn would . 
  i and other finns would be fighting so that our families and loved ones could continue to live here in safety , some eu soldier would have no such will or incentive to fight here and would rather give up than fight . 
  estonian volunteers ( jr 200 / infantry regiment 200 ) during the continuation war actively participated in key battles in south-eastern finland and are still , to this day , highly respected for that . 
  not all of the volunteers were just for morale and propaganda ( most were , though ) . 
  soviet union unprovokedly attacked finland in 1939 and annexed [ large parts of finland ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ef/pariisin_rauha.png/240px-pariisin_rauha.png ) . 
  war ended in 1940 . 
  in 1941 finland , assisted by germany attacked the soviet union to reclaim those lands , finland reclaimed said lands in a few months and dug in -  trench warfare and small raids until the summer of 1944 when the red army attacked with a force three times larger than the invasion of normandy and forced the finns to retreat back to the 1940 borders . 
  finland did * not * actively participate in the siege of leningrad . 
  mannerheim ( commander of the finnish armed forces at the time ) explicitly commanded the army not to , despite of german pressure to do so . 
  it is exactly because the finns did not take part on the siege that the soviets were able to bring in supplies to the city through a corridor in the north / north-east . 
  if finland had participated in the siege that corridor would have closed and the city would have fallen - which could 've affected the entire outcome of the war . 
   about viipuri , as i remember , sweden lost a war in 1721 and it became ours . 
  there were no finland as a sovereign state at that time . 
  uhh ... viipuri ( vyborg ) was the second largest city in ( sovereign ) finland until russia annexed it during the second world war along with [ karelia . 
  let 's say i beat you up , put your friends and family members on a train off to literally freeze to death in siberia , lock you in a box and let you out after 50 years .
