just in case you are wondering : in austria , the vast majority of employees are under a `` kollektivvertrag '' ( collective labour agreement ? ) . 
  these count for everyone working in a certain branch , like carpentry , for example . 
  these contracts include minimum wages for that specific branch , amongst other things like , if memory serves , how many days of payed leave you get , for example . 
  because of this , i guess , we never got around to getting a state ordered minimum wage , though there are talks of making one . 
  if i understood it correctly , that plan involves the kollektivvertr\u00e4ge too though . 
  i assure you , being confused with australia has nothing on being called german . 
  * nothing * beats calling them german if you want to trigger austrians . 
  besides maybe wiener schnitzel with sauce , but i do n't think it 's quite on the same level still . 
  why ... 
  if they actually wanted to be emporors and not presidents we 'd probably have to have an election about it first , since i think it would mess with the republican and maybe the democratic constitutional principle . 
  but after that we could be a kaiserreich again . 
  austria , if memory serves , was the first european country to officially acknowledge buddhism . 
  we still have n't acknowledged hinduism though , i think . 
  do n't ask me how that happened : b also , if memory served we had acknowledged all abrahamic religions by 1912 ( when islam was added ) , dunno where that places us though . 
  [ pixelpit ] ( https://m.youtube.com/channel/ucsccszok3bknjkszry17jiq ) : makes lovely animations , usually of other youtubers . 
  however , he updates rarely . 
  he also has a second channel , betapixel , which has mostly let 's plays and updates a bit more regularly . 
  he is also really good at editing things . 
  [ leathericecream ] ( https://m.youtube.com/channel/uc7cnni3xvvo8eln8i-juqbq ) : might actually upload even rarer than pixelpit . 
  mostly makes fun of/comments/riffs creepy pastas and videos , usually bad ones , though there 's other stuff on there too . 
  also had a second channel , alternativeicecream , which is basically mostly shitposts ... like , more than the first channel . 
  [ objectivity ] ( https://m.youtube.com/channel/uctwkon9qmt5ylvgqt1tvjkg ) : a guy showing off stuff from the british royal societies archives/things the royal society owns , like a piece of newton 's apple tree for example , and talking about it/stuff related to it . 
  this one is really neat . 
  [ petscop ] ( https://m.youtube.com/channel/uctwkon9qmt5ylvgqt1tvjkg ) : creepy webseries that may or may not be dead . 
  it has 10 episodes up , has n't updated in a while . 
  basically , it 's someone playing an unfinished ps 1 game with creepy shit happening in it . 
  it 's worth watching at least , very well made and interesting . 
   carinthia and that should explain that ... 
  i am from very rural styria and i assure you i am not aware of even old people here claiming that we were the first victim of nazi germany ... amongst the very old and particularly edgy young there 's sometimes a sort of `` it was n't all bad/anschluss improved ( some ) things '' or similar sentiment , but that 's about it . 
  and even then , austria does n't just consist of old people ... a more differentiated version of the annexation is ( supposed to be ) taught in school and if you went to school in the last 40 or 30 so years , you should be aware that the victim thesis is incorrect . 
  of course , there may have been shitty teachers here or there , but then , those always happen , unfortunately . 
  some people also think that claiming `` everyone was super happy and approved immediately '' is making it about as too easy as just claiming pure victim . 
  which is not the same thing as someone using the victim theses ( `` vast majority disapproved , we were all forced at gunpoint , etc. '' ), 
  and at least somewhat justifiable historically speaking . 
  hopefully with a higher voter turnout in ep elections . 
  seriously though , i hope that a minimum social standard ( and with that hopefully a decent minimum standard of living ) can be achieved and adhered to . 
  workers rights , minimum wages , social aid , etc. 
  preferably in a situation where it is possible to organise these things internationally over the eu semi-efficently . 
  i guess this would mean having to get the poorer countries more or less on par with the richer ones , which sounds like a lot of work , but oh well . 
  edit : add to that things like fighting tax evasion , basically just trying to even things out and produce a decent `` social state '' , or at least a s ambulance of it , as well as making things a bit fairer . 
  i guess that would mean restricticting free trade too . 
  there are already beginning attempts at these things , i just hope they are better implemented with time . 
  i also would not mind ditching/drastically changing our current federal level and giving more power to the states instead , and for the eu to allow this and work with it . 
  but i figure these things will always vary from nation to nation . 
  in general , i just hope the eu will deal with those who want it so in a less nation-based and more region-based manner . 
  i figure this would work best by expanding/working with the ep . 
  as for foreign policy , i would n't mind a shared one , so long as the eu becomes a neutral entity . 
  at least in military matters . 
  that is to say , no attack wars , no helping with other peoples wars , etc. 
  just defend if directly attacked , nothing else . 
  i could live with that . 
  in general , i hope there 'll be some restructuring in terms of organisation , giving the ep further powers , increasing transparency , etc. 
  basically , if the eu became a neutral confederation i would not be opposed to it but first and foremost i just want some kinda basic social issues dealt with better . 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  yeah , that definitely explains the unusual amount of people in folk clothing you saw . 
  they are always over represented at these kinds of occasions , at least the dorffeste and the musikfeste . 
  never been fr\u00fchschoppen though so i could n't tell there . 
  we never actually read rosegger , but we had a field trip to that museum thingy of his and shortly learned about him in , like , 3rd grade i think ? 
  never read d\u00fcrenmatt either , though our professor did n't put much weight on literatur . 
  i do n't think any of the things we read in full were actually written by an austrian ... edit : actually , we did read one book by d\u00fcrenmatt , i recall . 
  but we did n't even really discuss it i think ... we did read one from an austro-hungarian , horvaths `` jugend ohne gott '' , but i am not sure if he was from our or hungarys part . 
  probably hungarys though , i think ? 
  also , i thought g\u00f6te was german ? 
  and he lived after holy rome fell i think , so we would n't have been one anymore at the time . 
  ... did you visit a dorffest ? 
  that is what that description kinda sounds like . 
  we 're they in tents getting drunk as hell ? 
  cause that is usually also involved in those . 
  well , either that or oktoberfest thingys , those would fit the bill too . 
  : b and yes , at least where i am from , in middle of nowhere styria , people totally wear folksy clothing for both of those , if they have it . 
  they also wear those to things like weddings , balls/proms and church more or less normally . 
  they are officially acknowledged as formal wear if memory serves . 
  i am generally for more autonomy , in fact , i would n't mind us becoming a confederation . 
  i think it would be nice for states to have more freedom on all fronts , though i also think an absolute minimum standard on a national level makes sense , at least in some regards , for example in education . 
  though i also believe that the current way in which the federal stuff is handled is very inefficient and i am not sure how to improve on that . 
  i am sure with enough effort we could figure something out , but that sounds like a lot of work and restructuring . 
  the question as to what happens if a state is not playing along with eu regulations is a similar issue . 
  not unsolvable , but a lot of effort . 
  ah , i see , thanks . 
  the more you know : b, 
  huh , i did n't know about either of those . 
  interesting . 
  do people actually call it the latter or is it just for snark and the likes ? 
  it does n't seem like something i would regularly call a city if i did n't loath it . 
  hmm ... well , one of our states , styria , is nicknamed `` das gr\u00fcne herz \u00d6sterreichs '' `` the green heart of austria '' due to i believe our fancy forests and such . 
  but i do n't think any of the cities have nicknames ... 
  besides maybe if `` rotes wien '' , `` red ( as in socialist ) vienna '' counts as a nickname . 
  it seems more `` title-esque '' to me though . 
  ohhh ... 
  i did n't know that happened on that date . 
  i 'm pretty sure that was the 25th . 
  so the 26th would have been the first day without any allied forces around . 
  though i could be wrong about that : b, 
  huh , any reason why ? 
  i ca n't think of anything happening on that date off the top of my head . 
  well , besides the reichsrat starting to work , maybe , though i 'm not 100 % sure about that . 
  yo , we do . 
  it 's the [ 26 . 
  october ] ( http://www.austria.org/national-day/ ) . 
  we celebrate the declaration of everlasting neutrality .
