we think polish and other slavic languages sound silly as well . 
  slavic languages are similar enough that they sound familiar , but different enough that they sound comical . 
  yes . 
  we call them `` dru\u017eba z omejeno odgovornostjo '' or d. o. o. 
  so it 's actually a pro-government holiday , and not a `` fight-the-power '' holiday like many believe . 
  but do n't they celebrate the 5th of november because guy fawkes did n't succeed ? 
  slovenske novice ( slovenian news ) the front page is either how everything is bad , that someone died or that someone is poor . 
  it 's officially recognized as a tabloid , but since it has the word `` news '' in it 's name , people often confuse it for a newspaper . 
  it is also the most popular `` newspapers '' in slovenia . 
  inside you will find the kind of news that will make you angry , gossip , a nude girl , viagra ads and on the back page a [ tasteless caricature ] ( http://joze-povsic.com/slike/ladykorupcijaaljana2013.jpg ) ( nsfw , but then againg it 's on the back page of a `` newspaper '' ), 
  are you seriously implying that the eu is `` a force of good '' ? 
  georgia is n't in the eu . 
  the government will put up bilingual signs , they 'll get vandalized and that will be the end of the problem . 
  my favorite !, 
  the real problem is that our public debates mostly involve badmouthing the other side and calling them names . 
  when the anti-corruption agency published it 's findings , jan\u0161a defended himself by calling it a `` leftist conspiracy '' . 
  even the article contains `` what is offered to us is pure left fascism '' . 
  i 've heard it 's the same in slovenia . 
   his party blames an opposition conspiracy . 
  slovenian politics in a nutshell . 
  germans are rich . 
  but i 'm also not allowed to murder someone . 
  someone could say that we have less freedom because of that , but most of us in europe agree that it being illegal has made our lives safer . 
  the same goes for guns . 
  i feel safer knowing that almost no one has a gun . 
  so if you are n't allowed to have a gun you do n't have freedom ? 
  slovenia is n't that well off . 
  more exacly `` jetrna pa\u0161teta '' in slovene or `` jetrena pa\u0161teta '' in serbocroatian ( i think ) . 
  it litterely means liver p\u00e2t\u00e9 . 
  my grandma mostly cooks dishes with potatoes . 
  mashed potatoes , cooked potatoes , potato omelettes , potato salad , potato soup , etc. 
  i guess it seems normal to europeans . 
  i talked about it with some canadians and they thought that it was unusual . 
  traditionally , lunch is eaten at noon . 
   that was very naughty of you guys . 
  do n't do it again !, 
  that 's a bit unjust . 
  we ( the public ) ca n't really decide what our government does in secret . 
  slovenians ca n't tell you much more . 
  the same story is in our media . 
  actually we 're not debating whether we broke the contract , we 're debating if we can somehow convince the pca to force croatia to continue the arbitration , and why we were n't able to hide it better . 
  the comments on 24ur . si are n't any better . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  it has n't even been that long since the balkan war . 
  probably also because it can be . 
  europeans generally travel shorter distances by car than americans . 
  driving 1 hour to work is n't that uncommon in america , but is a bit outrageous in europe . 
  ah well , let 's wait a few years for the old people to die off , then we can try again . 
  i feel like there wo n't even be such a high turnout rate . 
   even if all the immigrants wanted to work , there simply are n't enough jobs in europe . 
  this is something i do n't understand . 
  surely more jobs would appear with an influx of people . 
  all these people need clothes , food , cars , electronics and services . 
  heck , if there are many muslims in your area , open a halal d\u00f6ner kebab and reap the profits . 
  if we get in trouble , i 'm sure melania could pull some strings . 
  and alleged forced regulation , even though the uk is the queen of cherry-picking eu laws . 
   also , 52 % to 48 % is not an overwhelming verdict . 
  that 's why the cover says 17.4 m , because it sounds like more . 
  the same reason why the bus said # 350m instead of 0.015 % of the gdp , which is a perfectly reasonable amount . 
  these people are n't pro-democracy , they just hate the eu and do n't care about anything else . 
  brexit won with 52 % which is as thin as it gets for all or nothing decisions . 
  yes , but what does that have to do with democratically elected meps somehow being undemocratic ? 
  i do n't think we have 50 % turnout at national elections . 
  besides , why is it not democratic if people do n't care ? 
   government backed by democratic legitimacy we had european elections in 2014 , where we voted which meps we will send to the european parliament . 
  how is this not democratic enough for you ? 
  it 's `` lyu-blya-na '', 
   makes exportation cheaper but the uk is a net importer . 
  it makes sense for china to have a weak currency , but it 's bad for the uk . 
  this whole article smells of / r/lewronggeneration . 
  the joining of romania and bulgaria coincides with the 2008 recession . 
  the effects of the global recession far outweigh the effect of east european immigrants on the uk . 
  no just one day . 
   fast for lent you 're not supposed to eat anything ? 
  the way we do it is that we only stop eating meat for a day . 
  why do we constantly have to post these clickbait articles about what * might * happen . 
  they were entertaining during the first week after brexit , but now many financial institutions have already announced that they do n't intend to move their headquarters . 
  my university degree was free here in slovenia . 
  actually no , every year there was an enrollment processing fee of around $ 30 . 
  pure ripoff , right ? 
  the uk should n't be a de facto standard for how things should be done . 
  it 's more like a museum with how things were in the past , but people refused to modernise . 
  but really , slovenia is so small , becoming independent would be pure suicide . 
  and we trust our democratically elected government less then the eu officials , so this idea of a super state is kinda comforting . 
  actually it 's the status quo for pretty much all our history . 
  they could try cutting the funding for the nhs . 
  imagine if all western eu countries left , but stayed in the eea . 
  paying eastern countries for the privilege to trade with them and following their laws . 
  if boros becomes pm , expect the pound to start free falling again . 
  i 've been thinking about that today . 
  is it fair that people voting on the other side of europe for something they have no idea about jeopardizes my financial security ? 
  but then again i 'm in favor of globalism , so i should n't complain . 
  and in return the richer countries get tariff-free trade with those poorer countries . 
  if it was a net loss , the original eu founders would never have allowed poor countries to join . 
  what does `` eu is n't working '' even mean ? 
  i see this statement being thrown around all the time , but no one explains what the standard for `` working vs. not working '' is . 
  you ca n't expect some perfect environment with huge riches , unlimited jobs , etc. 
  why would he have to step down ? 
  it is my belief , since the uk has a pro-eu pm and ruling party , if brexit happens the government will just renegotiate very similar deals and treaties . 
  very little will change .
