  tbh we 're probably the second worst country in western europe after spain, 
  france , uk , poland , denmark and estonia = the ginyu force of the eu ... 
  they should change the name to well-hungary ... 
  not surprised , as they both start off with an i. ... 
  the real question that needs to be ask is why are the conservatives and labour still the two main parties in britain ? 
  which one is that ? 
  i 've only seen this one, 
  what do you expect , the eu is a massive pan-germanic circle-jerk that enjoys keeping the celtic , slavic , finnish and latin man down ... 
  [ polan stronk !, 
  you have officially broken the greek recored of getting upset by trolling on shitty internet forums , congratulations !, 
  are you sure that 's not just a corpse of scottish woman ? 
  [ well , well , well how typical ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gbe7x.png ), 
  dear germans , geordies , yorkshiremen and finns , you guys were never vikings so please can you shut the fuck up about it . 
  thank you, 
  what 's up with all the french leaders interfering in wars ? 
  first libya and now this . 
  did the cheese eating surrender monkey jokes really get to them ? 
  yeah because a petty judgmental guy on a internet forum is on the same league as a nation that is fully of petty bigots that have a 19th century mindset . 
  how does it feel knowing that i can walk down any street in wales without any fear of getting murdered due to my religious background ? 
  ni is a shithole full of cunts , and you should n't judge other british islanders for that awful mess of a country . 
  i am so sorry that you had to see this, 
  all of them , seriously any accent other than the swansea accent get 's me rock hard ! ... well except from cockneys , southern americans and californians do i have problems ? 
  yeah , it 's like when goku and vegta made friends and teamed up on freiza, 
  not my fault sheep have less hair and more personality than your iberian `` chicas '', 
  what 's a corno ? 
  google tells me it means a horn, 
  404 not found, 
  how can anyone forget leon ? 
  he 's the best character in the entire resident evil series !, 
  but spanish women look no different from pakistani and indian women and have the same overly religious and backwards attitude but let you guy 's always complain about them, 
  do n't worry , jokes aside , in the uk you guys are seen as the best immigrants mainly because you 're our only main immigrant group who are n't over the top with , and attack people if they criticize a certain `` prophet '' wink * wink *, 
  that 's exactly why we can get away from it , because there 's hardly any stereotypes about the welsh except us being chubby sheep shagers . 
  even that is n't really offensive because it 's such an obscure insult, 
  wales , england and scotland . 
  i wonder what that would be like, 
  real life is the hard life , muh homey, 
  [ this vid sums up my view on poland ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=ikkxajverky ) it 's john paul the second and hard bass techno all in one vid , what could be more polish ? 
  english - rude violent cunts scottish-like the english but more drugged up and greedier irish - overly religious ginger winos cornish - pasties munching whingers who think they 're pirates isle of man - jeremy clarkson island polish - `` hey where did my wallet , my car and muh jerbs go !?! '', 
  germans-squared headed workaholics who may or may not be on the autism spectrum dutch-tall rude lads who are addicted to pot and cheese swedish-homos who are overly left-wing and have cuckold fantasies with their women and somalians finns-knife-welding drunks who like to commit suicide austrians - oh dear , i think hitler , fritzl and schwarzenegger have ruined your lovely german county 's reputation ... romanians - cheap hookers estonians - expensive hookers ... swiss - `` lol , how dare they not get involve in conflicts !, 
  pussies '' italians - sexed up chefs who enjoy wine , organised crime and boxing malta - `` they 're like the italians but more british , are n't they ? '', 
  greeks - pay le depts , also strong racism towards turks , albanians and macedonians portugal - hairy women iceland-vikings norwegians-umm used to be seen as a paradise on earth , before anders the blonde ... spanish-mexicans of europe , with the added animal abuse, 
  or meeting strange ladies that make you nervous and take you in and give you breakfast ... 
  [ hmmmm ... i wonder why ? 
  not really shocked about france making a fuzz over this issue considering 40 % of the population are religious islamist, 
  and like your country shape as well ... . . flat !, 
  meh , are women are more horrid, 
  just like how corsicans , bretons , basque , occitans , and alsatians are abused , have no rights , shunned in society and are being culturally genocide in you country ? 
  yay polska for saying everything that 's on our mind . 
  now here 's a vid you will enjoy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikkxajverky&amp;feature=player_embedded, 
  they 're taking the kosovians to belgarde !, 
  now that 's something txampion would say !, 
   britzerland fucking hell , `` teh gardening '' i thought you were above these shitty puns you would usually see in tabloids and gutter press, 
  sweden yes !, 
  feel the heat of my body calling for you , i 'm falling and take you through the night.fly away with me baby and make love till the morning light.fly away with me baby , and then maybe we 'll be loving through the night.spread your wings for me honey and make this a loving flight, 
  let 's fly away to a land where we 'll be free , your smile in the rain makes the sky light up again , look into my eyes and tell me what you see.tell me that you stay so we can fly away, 
  cornwall and maybe the rest of the west country, 
  `` b. . . b. . . but i 'm part german , how dare you hurt my feelings , muh heritage , _ , '', 
  and isle slavs , what i find pretty funny coz it 's kinda true, 
  it could be worse , they could be using euthanasia for minors ... 
  `` b. . b. . . but colonisation is fine when we do it '', 
  canadians = moose mounters australians = kangaroo fuckers spanish people = bull fuckers swedish = elk fuckers new zealanders = kiwi fuckers south africans = springbok shaggers polish = bison fuckers germans = ugly women fuckers french = frog fuckers irish = potato fuckers dutch = horse humpers, 
  yay cataolonia yay !, 
  now it 's time for the basque republic and galicia to be free !, 
  is it okey if you can translate that for us ? 
  name was already taken , so i felt i might mispell my username so no one would notice, 
  no i do not work for the bbc ... 
  shit , did n't know thought they would all be in their late teens, 
  bigbadcockroach likes this, 
  where can i can find the insergram/tumbler pics ? 
  i need it for ... reasearch ... for social science , yeah that 's it !, 
  is norway the saviour that will save europe from bankruptcy ? 
  will they reach hdi lvl 1000 ? 
  would they stop the corruption of the banks ? 
  find out in the next episode of euball z, 
  jesus christ , how horrifying, 
  he does have a point , all the french i 've met have been arab or african , not that i have a problem with that because they were all nice lads . 
   12.12.12 http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/435/342/ccf.jpg, 
  we all love italians in the uk , i 'm sure you would be very well liked over here , 
  scumbag hollande , is called hollande , but is actually from france, 
  can you give me some backstory ? 
  so fhany joke xd xdd xddd 5/5 would chuckle again, 
  italy , greece , spain and portugual would be much so much better under german rule . 
  i mean who knows , they might eventually become 1st world countries !, 
  plaid is the love you seek and more , so what are you waiting for ? 
  hey , why are sheep missing from that list ? 
  ffs , i fucking hate how all my countrymen only vote for two political parties . 
  how about trying something new and vote for party that is n't full of jokers like the greens , the sdp , the ypp , clear or ukip, 
  when the illuminati say so . 
  bears , pay debts, 
  italy ? 
  more like shitaly !, 
  jock was self made, 
  greece , pay debts !, 
  you could say we 're beerwolves . 
  and just like werewolves , after our transformation we tend to wake up in unfamiliar surroundings with torn cloths , aching limbs , the taste of blood in our mouths and suffering from nightmarish flashbacks to terrible events which occurred in the previous evening . 
  are you a girl ? 
  faroe islands , adopt me, 
  i think i just heard breivik yell `` faen '' all the way from norway ... 
  how about if you just give her le dick ? 
  i 'm sure a woman would love that more than a birthday card .
