rip in peace scotland , northern england , iceland and the faeroe islands, 
  at least we 're the butt of the jokes ... however how many canadian jokes can you think off ? 
  for an ex-british colony , it 's amazing how many people in the uk do n't care about canada , and i 'm not saying this to wind up joefrommontreal , because i have been thinking about this for a very long time . 
  i mean i do n't think i have ever heard any of our comedians or tv shows ever mentioning the place . 
  especially how are comedians love to rip on old colonies like america , india , new zealand , pakistan , ireland and australia as a form of banter . 
  all i know about canada is from south park and the simpsons . 
  irish people standing ? 
  now that 's a first , 
  how do all the german-americans feel about this ? 
  northern ireland is a shithole full of cunts, 
  the russian tears in this thread are delicious, 
  beaches and bitches, 
  knowing the swedes they would most likely import a male somali warthog as a mate, 
  does spain really need another provenience that wants to be independent , anyway ? 
  northern ireland is a shithole full of cunts . 
  nobody in britain or ireland wants it . 
  some say it 's shining, 
  sweden yes !, 
  yes , towards other italians that are born on the other side of town . 
  that interracial bitch fight ... . that being said , are you guys really that surprised about the sudden rise of popularity for ukip and other far-right parties ? 
  the first european nationality to be extinct, 
  the onion really is n't funny or good at satire, 
  i wonder why this article did n't mention how farrage has a german wife ? 
  first time i have ever heard of them, 
  that 's too depressing to read, 
  `` british school in the netherlands '' u wot ? 
  really have no idea why anyone would want to live here , but hey whatever rocks your boat . 
  never understood why english see themselves germanic considering the anglo-saxons were mass genocided during the norman regin . 
  if anything they 're more french , irish , iberian , indian , and african then they are german or nordic, 
  feel so sorry for southern europe , i mean the uk had a massive brain drain during the 50-80 and look how we turned out . 
  i also sympathise for americans , french and germans, 
  only a celtic-anglo-benelux-nordic-baltic union, 
  uh oh , looks like pan-germanicism is getting back in fashion ... 
  there 's a little bit of simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 in all finns . 
  [ fforw face when he 's diagnosed with assburgers :d ] ( https://static.ylilauta.org/files/int/orig/1365334298822792.png/asperger.png ), 
  - go on / r/europe - see a post made by igeldard well , into the trash it goes !, 
  just like czech and slovak , am i right ? 
  how dare people have hobbies !, 
  so are we northern or southern europeans ? 
  southern europe would be so much better if it was annexed by germany, 
  -2013 - still wanting to live in britain [ seriously ? 
  i guess the french troops wo n't feel homesick considering most french cities feel like their in africa these days ... 
  but please can you take them ... i mean the rest of the world wants you to be re-united , and i would feel it would make ~ ~ all the half italians and english americans who think their irish ~ ~ everyone in boston and philadelphia very very happy !, 
  no scotland plz do n't go ; _ ; btw we should of kicked ni out the union ages ago !, 
  just because the previous president 's wife called him a `` penguin '', 
  so is this good or bad ? 
  because it 's so easy to blame your mistakes on other people, 
  what are the main polices or aims of the five star movement ? 
  i wished we had closer relations with nordic countries and japan . 
  i have never completed a collection ; _ ;, 
  english - pacistanaidd, 
  sounds like a waste of time, 
  i do n't know what this croatia is but it sounds an awfully lot like poland, 
  hey , you may not have the falklands but you now have the vatican . 
  so can you guys finally shut the fuck up now !!!, 
  so what 's going to get extinct first , redditors ? 
  the native swede or the polar bear ? 
  cyprus , pay debts !, 
  well , why the fuck not ? 
  yeah was making a gay joke about swedes, 
  come on now , we all know that naked iranian men would attract more attention from the swedish public, 
  sweden and england, 
  rest in purgatory in peace also it 's a 4chan meme, 
  i hope the eu can liberate wales , wessex , cornwall and mercia from the clutches of the greedy grubby hands of the multikulti loving cockneys and the paranoid daily mail reading east angles who get a sense of enjoyment for ruining the uk for everyone . 
  your just mad because slovakia is n't in the unit ... 
  he who controls the media , controls the country, 
   wherever he spent his new year 's eve . 
  jokes on you , i do n't even have any friends !, 
  sometimes you have to grab life by the horns ... 
  just like how catalan women dress up as bulls , right ? 
  man spanish women are very hot, 
  portugal , ireland , italy , greece and spain . 
  not going to explain as i do n't want to hurt peoples feelings though i have never been to northern ireland or denmark , but seeing what type of people that come from those hovels has really put me off from visiting those two places, 
  how about you stop getting your feeling hurts on the interwebz and pay your debts ? 
  he gents angry over everything , have you seen his responses towards ufrustradedbro ? 
  only the english and scotish do that sort of thing.you will never ever seen a welsh person behave like that as we actually have class unlike the rest of the shittish isles ... 
  from first hand experince with you lot, 
  ... and in the stomach, 
  danes are cunts that need to be castrated !, 
  ca n't see how anyone can like them p.s you guys are just as effeminate and orange as swedes, 
  every time we touch i get a feeling ... 
  do n't know what this iceland is but it sounds an awfully lot like sweden ... 
  inb4 a fatty amerifat claims to be 1/4th or 1/8th of all those ethnic groups that are listed ... . 
  can canada , australia , the southern cone and new zealand also join us ? 
  yep just wanted to know how gay users from / r/europe feel about it, 
  how is this question racist or what does it have to do with finland ? 
  btw knock offs from 4chan tend to be shite m8, 
  fucking huehuehueh , you guys claim to be the smartest in europe let you think wales is in england . 
  surprised you did n't refer to him as an englishman who 's getting back to his roots ... . 
  why are french people so much friendlier , have better sence of humour more relaxed and overall better looking compared to their german counter partners ? 
  trust a dane , feel the pain ... 
  the dane , humanity 's bane ... 
  are golden dawn against the feds and bankers ? 
  daily reminder that the federal reverse controls europe and the entire world and wo n't stop ruining our countries until the last european dies !, 
  only russia and china can set us free . 
   le spice boy fuck off back to / r/ragecomics, 
  what a bulgarity ... 
  i said it before in another thread so i 'm going to say it again in this one , but why on earth would anyone want to live here , when you can live in such better countries like germany , denmark , austria or sweden where the people are friendly and are n't complete unlikable rude cunts like us . 
  plus we have the shitest weather , women , food and tv shows the world has ever seen to boot, 
  the things is , why on earth would anyone want to live here , when you can live in such better countries like germany , denmark , austria or sweden where the people are friendly and are n't complete rude cunts like us .
