  anyway - of course we are you ally and we approved the reunification after some years of negotiation . 
  the statement was about the `` last '' invasion of europe by the us , that was the last invasion operation of ww2 . 
  sorry jcockmonger 267 but it was the spring offensive 1945 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spring_1945_offensive_in_italy, 
  1945 invasion of italy was the last time . 
  of course the us bombed serbia as a part of nato in the 90s but that does n't count as an invasion . 
  certainly the us has invaded the privacy of all european countries . 
  he got us involved in two wars we should never have been involved in ( which he personally helped to bring us to by openly lying ) , open door immigration policy , sold off a big portion of our gold reserves when the price was record low , he has been corrupt as hell both in and out of office - he is effectively a war criminal . 
  so how exactly has tony bliar helped you ? 
  i am british and lived in britain for 30 years till i decided to get out , 
  tony only has opinions based on what is best for him , history has shown such on multiple occasions . 
  universally bad . 
  nobody likes him as he was caught with his trousers down on several occasions , since he left office he has been been enriching himself on the status of a former prime minister . 
  he is an arrogant , unliked twat . 
  this whole conflict is just fucking stupid . 
  i think you are right . 
  anyway i 'm already tired of this russia vs west antagonism , i have many educated friends in russia who can see all this for what it is . 
  normal people have no grudges to bear against each other . 
  ca n't we just be friends instead ? 
  we can change our minds if you start being nice to us . 
  support minority secular democratic parties , or get involved yourself . 
  sometimes you have to fight for what you believe in . 
  eparty or hdp ? 
  turkey has a fantastic secular past that i think is a good model for middle eastern nations . 
  well hitler also improved the economic gain of the average citizen in germany but and `` got shit done '' . 
  be careful of selling out your principles because in the long term it will `` bite you in the ass '' ( tm ), 
  does anybody want to work out the area under the graph ? 
  ah yes the old soviet style tactic of finding a couple of patsies . 
  nope i did n't know that , but nothing stopping you replying . 
  personally i think it is a bit silly but rules are rules i guess . 
  well you do n't seem to be banned or anything , freedom of speech rules here . . 
  suddenly went quiet from the russians commenting here . . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  what part of the migrationsverket page did you not understand ? 
  you can seek even their travel fare here http://www.migrationsverket.se/privatpersoner/skydd-och-asyl-i-sverige/efter-beslut/om-du-far-stanna/resebidrag-for-anhoriga.html the new rules you , are talking about are only a suggestion and can be read here http://www.migrationsverket.se/privatpersoner/flytta-till-nagon-i-sverige/nyheter/2016-04-19-lagandringar-som-paverkar-anhoriga-till-asylsokande.html i think you have misunderstood what your politicians have been saying to you because that text is very clear you can still bring your family over , it just requires you to have had right to stay for 3 years . 
  well you are wrong . 
  anh\u00f6ringsinvandring is an eu right for those who are classified as refugees according to unhcr . 
  26 a day is also wrong even migrationsverkets statistics prove that wrong . 
  many are anh\u00f6ringsinvandring as many have the right to import whole familes and extended familes . 
  about 4000 a month are non-eu migrants/redugees that come from other eu countries , the only change was that tou have to claim asylum at the border post in denmark , otherwise you ca n't come in . 
  nope that was just for the media , still 500 a day coming . 
  there are no limits according to our politicians . 
  they are raiding goverment companies for their cash . 
  such as academika hus , systembolaget , even tr\u00e4ngselskatt they tried to push over to migrants before people complained . 
  full on robbery of the system . 
  you missed some things . 
  how about how migrants/refugees can claim retroactive child care allowance right from the day the child was born in their home country . 
  an nice little earner when some of these refugee familes have 6-7 children including infants that they have had on the way here . 
  the under 18s ( or atleast those who claim they are under 18 ) can claim death benefit ( efterlevnadsst\u00f6d ) up to 8000 dollars per parent , with little or no evidence . 
  they are taking out free education , healthcare , living ( every child has the right in sweden to a room of their own ) . 
  the extra level of crime is costing the country a fortune in ruined lives . 
  migrants from muslim countries are murdering their daughts for even looking at a swedish guy ( oh by the way the male/female ratio is now completely out of whack , there are going to be 20 % of some age ranges who will never have the chance for a life partner as the vast majority of migrants are young males ) . 
  the police force is collapsing after an insane reorganisation and the burden of higher crime levels from eu and non-eu migrants . 
  terrorism is on the up - many of the belgian/french terrorists are swedish nationals which nobody seems to have understood the significance of . 
  the far right is on a rapid rise . 
  womens rights are taking a turn for the worse . 
  female circumcision . 
  education has been completely ruined for some young swedes who simply want an education without distruptive classes or classes with 24 different mother tongues . 
  oh that is another right our migrants children have , they have a right to language education in their own language at the cost to the tax payer . 
  locking them in to their existing culture & language . 
  meanwhile i pay into a system i get very little out of . 
  i am expected to clean my child 's school ( even though i am paying 6000 dollars in tax every month ) . 
  i need to work hard to support my child 's sport activities as the schools can no longer provide proper physical education . 
  sweden is becoming less and less safe every day . 
  it is just a matter of time before this house of cards falls down - i hate to be negative but there is just too much wishful thinking , and no decent planning going on . 
  most educated swedes are looking for the exit door , which will simply exacerbate the situation . 
  it could be like that either way it seems . 
  lose lose situation , which is least losing posiiton . . 
  did you read the article though ? 
  it is still legal for them to sell . 
  the onus is on the customer - so conditions shouldnt be worse for prostitutes . 
  how will this cooperation between x-alcatel and nokia workers be affected by this , it is already hard to cooperate with finns ( they are an insular and superior bunch ) but when you are taking their jobs it is not exactly going to foster a climate of cooperation . 
  or what are the thoughts behind this ? 
  i think the point there this was n't done by settled and second generation muslims , it was done by is members that were `` asylum seekers '' and people with no legal right to stay in the country . 
  which means we have somewhat of a security issue on our hands ( something the liberal left has been desperately trying to cover up ) . 
  that is not going to happen , at least not here in sweden . 
  more than half get permanent uppeh\u00e5llstillst\u00e5nd , and show me evidence of how many people sweden has forcibly removed that do not have uppeh\u00e5llstillstt\u00e5nd ( i will give you a clue is it very very few ) . 
  applying for nationality after that is very easy ( it is one form - i know i 've done it ) . 
  probably but i do n't see why my tax krona should subvention this , if they want to keep up with the language of their parents then their parents should take that responsibility . 
  i do n't - but culture and language are intertwined , by funding natuve language for all children you are creating a barrier to integration . 
  do you want to know that the state activelly and legally has to pay for foriegn language lesson for children of people who have a different language . 
  so these foreign languages will never die out evenfir second and third generagtion arabic speakers . 
  my country ceases to exist soon, 
  denmark leading the good fight as usual . 
  soon to be an eu member !, 
  that is what i was trying to say , the current situation is giving the right a new vigour - i can see that locally where i am . 
   this is `` echos '' of civil w future echos , if we allow this path to continue then europe will be in flames . 
  that is not what i wrote , i am talking about the future . 
  you convieniently did n't mention anything about the middle east who had arbitrary borders thrust upon them , and i wo n't even start on israel . 
  much extremism can be traced back to collonialism . 
  certainly there are issues with north african extremists from marroco , libya , egypt and others . 
  oh of course , so the collonisation by european countries of the middle east and africa over several hundred years has nothing to do with the current situation either . 
  there is just a massive denial , i agree with you but people of certain political pursuasion can not let this consideration be a part of their view of the world . 
  i can give 100s of examples of large scale interreligious civil wars , what makes europe any different ? 
  some of the opinion polls of the muslim population of europe are shocking . 
  there was civil war between the catholic and protestants in northern ireland for 30 years , with 3500 dead there is not 0 chance that two highly different segments of society ( far right , and muslim communities ) might decide to have a structured go at each other . 
  how many large attacks does there have to be for you to accept there is war ? 
  wars are not like they used to ne with a polite declaration on each other . 
  haha says the guy from \u00c5land - you have no experience yet you speak of certainty . 
  move to rinkeby lets see how your opinion might change on the direction society is headed . 
  echos of civil war in europe .
