  i love french and france . 
  i do n't think the french ahould see english as a threat in any way , more just as a second or third langugae to standardize around so everyone can communicate with each other . 
  language and culture are inextricably linked and most brits i know definitely want too see europe 's unique cultures preserved forever . 
  you have good english , why do you think the france is being rated as worst in the eu ? 
  i remember the days when borders actually meant something . 
  what germany needs is a strong male political leader with lots of charisma willing to stand up for germany and germans . . 
  wait . 
  and how is bombing their countries helping this to stop ? 
  or you know he was already a member and was rightly incarcarated in the first place, 
  that 's right keep that stiff upper lip . 
  i wonder how far they will manage this time . 
  you can bet your ass the whole family are on the way to sweden . 
  the land of infinite benefits . 
  gkn is british , though they bought volvo aero that make the rocket motors . 
  the uk could do with a diet anyway , have you seen how fat people there are these days ? 
  funny that , i think many other euro sceptic countries would actually see a uk damaged by the eu as more reason to leave . 
  the human spirit does n't like to see someone kicked when down , and also by doing so it would just prove the `` true face '' of the eu . 
  no winners , thats right . 
  yet some eu politicians keep banging on about how they are going to punish the uk and make negotiations as hard as possible . 
  it is like one of those toxic divorces . 
  both sides have been childish and annoying . 
  had everone voted even the majority would have been enough . 
  you do not have to work to receive child benefit . 
  the uk was taken to court by the european commission over this so it was atleast unclear in the past . 
  i guess the finding in the uks favour is the basis for the german legislation . 
  the uk wanted to limit tax credits , and child benefits both which can be received by eu citizens that do n't work . 
  the package cameron got was only related to in-work benefits not out-of work benefits actually . 
  out of work benefits were blocked for 3 months not 5 years and in work benefits 4 years . 
  billions and billions if track record is anything to go by . . 
  easier to clean the blood up . 
  it might improve things a bit . 
  why ? 
  are you a racist or something ? 
  that is some generalisation of the turkish people there . 
  his grandad . 
  the uk had disproportional little influence inside the eu which is why it wants to leave . 
  the ue ? 
  then invade them with this new model army and make them a part of the eu again . 
  the eu can not survive without the net contributions . 
  the idea could have been okay - the execution was bad . 
  some politicans in government think there should be no limits , the id checks are a temporary measure . 
  sweden has stopped giving international aid which could help many more in place . 
  i am not against migration and i hate trump . 
  but i think that you should have to meet some requirements in order to achieve the improved life you are looking for . 
  i think to be take in , sheltered and fed means you have a debt to your hosts , that means that if you start raping and robbing your chance is up and you should be sent back to whatever hole you have come from . 
  basically there is no reason to commit crimes here in sweden , you are given every chance to succeed . 
  it 's okay some fellow swedes will pop up soon to tell me how wrong i am . 
  i am just utterly tired of the increase in crime , reduction in security , and the spiraling costs . 
  i see these things first hand , i am not influenced by media . 
  canada had the right idea accepting women and ( real ) children . 
  they seem to want to make a better life . 
  the middle eastern men are bringing the conflict over with them . 
  no not at all . 
  and people are milking the system massively , we have a system here called goda m\u00e4n . 
  if a person does not have the capability to look out for their own welfare against the state then you can represent them and get paid to do it . 
  you can get paid up to 1000 euros a month to do this . 
  the problem is that some people have 50-100 refugees and can earn 8000-10000 euros a month on it . 
  http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/goda-man--for-98-750-kronor-i-manaden/ i have friends who work for the migrationsverket ( or who have left because they can not handle it anymore ) . 
  they do not know who the people are are admitting are , as they have no identity papers , so decision to stay is taken without any evidence on who the person is . 
  then there are translators who also get paid large sums to real time translate for newly landed refugees migrants . 
  refugees/migrants have full rights to a free education up to university level , and also full free healthcare . 
  they get houses/apartments and the law has been that children over a certain age must have a room to themselves . 
  then there are the free swedish courses , the free admittance to music festivals , the free transport , the social welfare for buying food etc. 
  companies are starting refugee centers and charging huge amounts of money per resident . 
  we are talking billions of euros that are going into this . 
  but everyone is so politically correct that nobody dares to even question the system . 
  500 out of the 130,000 refugees/migrants that came last year managed to find employment . 
  they have a culture that is opposite to ours , with no respect for women - infact they hate our way of life and our values ( not all of them but a large minority ) - they behave aggressively towards us who are paying through the nose . 
  healthcare , policing , education , housing are under massive pressure from the existing challenge . 
  this is why i am a bit nervous when i see these numbers . 
  how many of this 300,000 will stay in germany and how many will move on ? 
  the costs are starting to get unbearable here in sweden . 
  our local council has not received the money that was promised by the government so now we are cuttiing back on everything ( libraries are being shut , they have take 1 crown from every school meal budget etc ) . 
  it seems slightly crazy . 
  uhm but the uk is a massive net contributor desite rebates . 
  false flag . 
  that was the only conclusion i could come to as well . 
  big business lobbying for cheap labour . 
  the french are on the way to voting in le pen anyway , i believe she wants put of the eu ? 
  you are the best country in the world . 
  `` do n't gang rape the women '', 
  the chance of a fizzle is high , ensuring perfect imposion is a difficult problem to solve . 
  there are many safeguards on a nuclear weapon , disassembling one is in itself a challenge , reassembling a functional weapon using the same fissible material is definitely non-trivial as they are precision engineered constructions . 
  yeah the turks might hack the codez . . 
  what has brexit to do with dictatorship ? 
  how would they react to a homosexual kiss right infront of them . 
  `` the uk is not canada , australia or the us , they 're still tiny in comparison . 
  and even if the deal is good , the people of the uk would complain about it anyway . '', 
  the uk is the worlds 5th biggest economy it is nearly twice as big as canada 's , more than twice as large as australia 's . 
  i do n't understand what you mean ? 
  why does that `` have to stop '' those policies not going through were through democractic means ? 
  i have read that reddit post , it takes nothing away from my statement that the statement and actions of the german government were interpreted as a tacit invitation . 
  and regarding the millions , as i wrote , 1.3 m is the official statistic though i ca n't prove it , the total is no doubt well over 2m . 
  `` and the francais are such a nice people stopping anybody at calais ( ... for now ) '' it has nothing to do with the french being `` nice '' it has to do with the rule of law , the uk leaving the eu would make no difference to the legal obligations of france to uphold the international law of asylum , http://www.unhcr.org/excom/scip/3ae68ccec/background-note-safe-country-concept-refugee-status.html b. 
  safe country of asylum 11 . 
  according to this use of the concept , asylum-seekers/refugees may be returned to countries where they have , or could have , sought asylum and where their safety would not be jeopardized , whether in that country or through return there from to the country of origin . 
  or are you claiming that france is not a safe country ? 
  you are on another planet . 
  - there was no invitation the noises coming out of the german government were certainly interpreted so , when the german ministry announced that the dublin procedures were not longer being enforced for example . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12086473/suspects-in-cologne-sex-attacks-claimed-to-be-syrian-refugees.html - it 's not millions .
