oh shit , sorry , i know how sensitive you wiganers are . . 
  ok ( i agree ) but there are probably nicer places than wigan . . no offence df44, 
  surely you jest ? 
  in sweden they sat in the snow in their underpants on strike because the towns they were sent too were too small . 
  making money is one thing , making money in unethical ways is another . 
  german companies , especially the larger ones are quite well known for not quite playing by the rules . 
  it has happened before https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relations_between_nazi_germany_and_the_arab_world, 
  nothing changed - and therefore nothing has changed , it is the same nefarious corporate power who want slave workforce and downward pressure on wages . 
  oh and the obvious demographic challenges facing germany and europe . 
  it is not merkel that sets policy she is a figurehead with a loose tongue . 
  i did read it . 
  they wrote that the main issue was hardware support . 
  read it again - all of it . 
  the solution is sinple , ensure that they purchase hardware designed for linux . 
  if necessary bulk buy . 
  oh and alcohol for that matter . 
  sweden is a lot of things but it aint glorious . 
  well you can have an open and tolerant society , but only within the eu and only within eu cultures . 
  it is a big difference to have that attitude towards the whole world and vastly different cultures . 
  low cost labour for their friends companies , and saviours for an aging population , right ? 
  the twist is that the 1 child in 14 is polish, 
  the uk has been saying this about the euro since its inception . 
  wars do n't just happen , they are created by man . 
  good job that 99 % of air combat in modern aircraft is outside visual range . 
  finland has a more capable defense than sweden unfortunately . 
  i am inclined to agree , which would be awful , but on the other hand i would love to see russia become a modern true socialist democracy with less corruption and better human rights , i think the people truely deserve it after many years being ripped off by various forms of government . 
  hmm . 
  a war with who and why ? 
  ( is n't there already war ? ), 
  i remember seeing a documentary a while ago where leading government figures were expecting an invite to be a member of the eu vut that invitation never came ( i guess it would put the us nose out of line ) . 
  shame it never happened i think as i know russia and the eu share many similar cultural traits . 
  i would love to know where all this went wrong - it is better for all parties with cooperation - russia has amazing education and engineering skills badly needed in the west . 
  all russians i have met in the engineering circles i have mostly been in have been hard working , respectful , and intelligent . 
  russia has huge resources but human and physical , and could easily outdo the us and europe with the right leadership but there seems to be this massive chip off the shoulder somewhere . 
  i hope everyone comes to their senses . 
  can you give us an analysis of what happens next ? 
  you seem to be well educated and knowledgable of russian matters . 
  i find the whole thing very sad , i employed many russian developers and had an office in st petersburg , i am aware of very different attitudes depending on who you talk to to the russian government . 
  the permissive action links were all controlled by russia though ? 
  sd are against homo/trans ? 
  can you give any example that backsup your statement ? 
  it is like those people that get new credit cards to pay off the old ones . 
  the uk are just keeping them safe lest the powers that be sell the parthanon [ to rich americans . 
  ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/warren-buffet-buys-greek-island/ ), 
  visiting being the operative word here . 
  this comes hot on the heels of http://www.wsj.com/articles/saudi-arabia-considers-nuclear-weapons-to-offset-iran-1430999409, 
  indeed , and these new europeans must be equally open and tolerant of european culture . 
  that means accepting of people of any sexuality gender equality , and following the norms of the culture of the country they find themselves within . 
  but neither do the core eu nations want greece to leave , so there is that . 
  are young native swedes prepared to live in angered , hammerkullen etc ? 
  well more like everyone in the same class , everyone should have it equally bad . 
  they always seem to be heading here because we have houses and money for them . 
  everyone who wants to go should be of course allowed to go , but they can leave their passports and british nationality at the border . 
  why did they leave turkey in the first place ? 
  they are more islamic and match their culture and religion . 
  i thought refugees were supposed to be cared for at the first port of call . 
  that model is fantastic . 
  you are right of course ( i was being a little sarcastic ) the methane release is even more worrying . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkyrhdfkexq, 
  permafrost will melt soon , bingo more land ( as if you need it ), 
  oh now they speak up . 
  the fa and uk have been on this slugs case for years . 
  probably back to the drachma . 
  risk for high inflation and a high risk of knock on effects though lower risk than once was . 
  greece 's economy to become export and tourism led again . 
  he is right though , we do hate him . 
  which means that it has fulfilled its purpose - to be annoying . 
  he will pop his clogs before he gives up fifa . 
  i did n't know that , i gjess it is not true the other way around . . to think ireland fought in so many wars for the british empire , i guess your two countries are intertwined . 
  her dress had black sides, 
  its funny british sarcasm often passes over the heads of other europeans nations . 
  im from england . 
  ok those pesky vikings then , with their raping and pillaging . 
  i probably should have clarified i am from the uk  it is difficult to know when enough time as passed to let bygones be bygones . . 
  so . . how far back can we go for reparations ? 
  i would like to have a word with rome about how the romans obliterated the area i am from . 
  a bit late to ask for that now ? 
  but germanys response is even more interesting , they point to the 2plus4 agreement , but if you read the agreement it says nothing about reparations http://usa.usembassy.de/etexts/2plusfour8994e.htm so greece might have a valid claim ? 
  probably a russian honeypot design to get him where they want him and compromise him . 
  i think it depends on how you define terrorism . 
  i just think that the whole program is wasted investment that could be used on other things . 
  the time has passed for manned aircraft , drones can do more and do n't need to take account of human physical limitations . 
  see under lightening protection http://uk.businessinsider.com/here-are-all-the-problems-with-the-f-35-that-the-pentagon-found-in-a-2014-report-2015-3, 
  well as long as you do n't fly it in thunder storms , it is cooled by fuel so it is forbidden to fly near lightening . 
  not a crash but one burnt up . 
  f35 is a white elephant , you really should have bought gripen or something else . 
  produxtion is still very behind and unit costs still rising . 
  oh of course i know about it , it was fun waving bregott in the faces of the nowegians , what i did n't remember was the year it happened !, 
  it definitely does n't feel like 4 years ago . . 
  looks like he is on his way to lisbon now ? 
  i had to google it because i did n't believe ... that is crazy . 
  no it is absolutely real , our king held putin in a headlock for atleast 5 minutes , not only that he gave him a wedgie right after that and told putin to stop interfering with our cable laying . 
  by the way , sweden has no bombers , and the fighting aircraft it does have ( jas gripen ) has a range of 400 miles . . 
  we have lots of old ones , it is just to repurpose . 
  sweden had a strategy of not having any nuclear arms ( but secretly being able to construct one in a short amount of time ) . 
  russia is just jealous of our v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd . 
  yeah i can see how that conversation goes - `` stop !, 
  or we will say stop again . . '', 
  this is how you get countries to join nato . 
  why single out england as a `` so called ally '' do you mean scotland/wales/northern ireland are allies ? 
  or did you mean britain ?
