  just more reason to control migration more thoroughly . 
  because they think denial is a big river in egypt . 
  ive given up caring , this country is packed with femminists who are pro unlimited immigration , dis gun be good . 
  it depends on who you mean by `` they '' . 
  why ? 
  because they are often so far behind and it is just in the culture to not respect anyone or anything ( at least the lower class migrants ) sweden has a historic immigration from iran where highly educated less religious left the country , and they have been absolutley fantastic for society here reaching high within medicine and business . 
  the people coming now are historically goat herders , criminals , damaged people who do n't realise the chance that has been given them . 
  it is more about a macho culture and how to get on top of your competition by force and threat , willing to take to violence for even the littlest reason . 
  there will be conflict in the future over this , the extreme right and far right are growing fast right now . 
  just as aftonbladet is trash with close connections to the far left . 
  fria tider has improved somewhat lately , and i think it is impossible to get all the news from the media as it has been made clear that all the mass media is covering up as much as it can right now . 
  and european high school systems can not handle me immigrants , they have a tendency to disrupt classes and disrupt the students who want to learn ( that is when the more damaged students are beating the shit out of the swedish kids and the teachers are looking the other way ) . 
  rarely - perhaps will self articles . 
  a pigs head each, 
  maybe so - almost all my friends are talking about leaving . 
  of course not . 
  he is wrapped up in his misty eyed memories of sweden but has never walked alone through rinkeby at night . 
  we are not deporting anyone . 
  show me the stats . 
  what if the uk starts it 's own eu project and takes other eu nations into that block ( such as norway , denmark , sweden , ireland ) . 
  i think after a while those nations not currently satisfied with the status quo in the eu might consider reblocking . 
  how on earth can you refer to an entire nation as en entitled child ? 
  the uk is just doing what is in its best interests , precisely as the german nation has been doing within the eu , the two nations just have different ways of going about it . 
  the uk is a sovereign nation and no other country can decide over it - well barring invading and taking it over and that has n't happened since 1066 even though a few nations have tried . 
  gosh you can just feel the love flowing . 
  what is the point of this article , it is merely stating the obvious . 
  the uk has survived as a nation for hundreds of years outside the eu that is no different from now . 
  the uk hasnt wielded the influence it felt it needed to be considered an equal partner hence will let its people decide their fate . 
  80 % is an excellent turnout, 
  huh ? ... 
  ahhh . 
  the turnout is not meaningless - it is a symptom of electorates feeling as if their vote no longer counts due a europe run by autocrats . 
  low turnout is a sign of disillusionment and lack of belief in a system that is not run by the people for the people . 
  the turnout in european elections has also been declining every election without exception to a low of 42.54 % in 2014 . 
  please backup your claim with data . 
  is this the beginning of the end of the eu ? 
  certainly not the french :d, 
  well you said it yourself , the eu is n't so democratic is it , and i am not sure the uk is able to help it be more democratic . 
  well i agree . 
  but nothing i wrote or the blogger wrote is factually untrue . 
  swedes love to force how great the swedish model is down the throats of visitors , and i do like the model , but it was never designed to handle mass migration of poor uneducated third world citizens and i refuse to be silenced - i am not encouraging violence only some common sense . 
  i have lost several swedish friends over this - i am dual british / swedish and my highly educated and professional british friends were brought up to question authority . 
  they all are making escape plans . 
  well easily done , i have a little swedish flair so ... 
  well hold on your horses there , eeading the agreement it seems like the uk got very little in the deal . 
  i like the idea of the eu but i do not like the implementation . 
  i think this will lead the uk to leave . 
  i hope the uk and scandinavia build an aliance instead . 
  i am an english native but i live in sweden , and i have swedish nationality . 
  atleast it is warm there  but i hear you i hope things look up in greece soon . 
  nz maybe . 
  i got a job offer in luxembourg yesterday - no idea how it s there . 
  pretty much all empires have committed genocide , that is how they become empires . 
  this is absolutely a small drop in the ocean as it were . 
  there are 120,000 new arrivals , they will soon have the right to bring over extended family . 
  some hvb homes are charging up to 2000 euros a day per migrant especially for the children . 
  the government made an emergency borrowing of 4 billion sek , the rest is hidden as the government has been silently selling off assets such as university buildings and emptying state companies of cash . 
  the true costs are staggering , police are stetched thin as their case load has increased x4 ( more costs ) , all migrants have the right to education , and a subsistence , with no time limits , no tax . 
  migrant mothers have the right to retroactive child support ( i.e. 
  before they even came to the country ) the gender balance is so out of whack that 30 % of males will never statistically be able to be in a relationship with a female . 
  i have nazis acting as `` guards '' at the local swimming pool to prevent rapes . 
  i pay 64 % tax , i work 65 hours a week ( 25 hours unpaid overtime ) i do n't get to see my family and i am planning an exit from this country as to even try to discuss the rationality of this has you directly earmarked as a racist and a dangerous person . 
  even family members wo n't talk to you . 
  i think he means on this sub , my answer is that the level is very very good , even some of the more esoteric parts of the language are used here . 
  very impressed . 
  for a country of only 9 million it is , especially when they expect the same level of benefits as a hard working swede . 
  they are . 
  they always have been , take a look at the net beneficiaries of the eu financially ( hint it is not the uk ) but when the uk finally decides enough is enough and wants to level the playing field , suddenly they are the demanding ones . 
  my theory is that the eu will not survive without the uk . 
  actually standing on both sides increases the flow and prevents queues . 
  and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war, 
  our whole country is penis shaped , 
  oh they do n't . 
  oh ok it the media here it was only reported as indecent assaults . 
  they were sticking thier fingers in all orrifices which is counted as rape here but not in germany apparently , so that number of 1 would be much higher here . 
  i thought both those things were already solved . 
  what is there left to develop ? 
  i mean we can already make them big enough to destroy the civilised world many times over , is this not enough ? 
  or better still jas gripen, 
  you do realise you are on a islamic deathlist now as the quran must always be on top , higher than all other books . 
  but that is not to say opinions of a large section of the muslim communitybare very fucked up and need changing . 
  90 % seems like a very poor number . 
  you mean that 10 % are violent ? 
  religions have to have followers to have a meaning . 
  thers no point hating on a religion itself . 
  no - humans are to blame for imventing and perpetuating these systems of control , without taking tomany critical thinking . 
  although islam is quite unique in that it threatens the death penalty to those who want to leav ot 's ranks . 
  i am islamaphobic and proud of it buddy . 
  ( along with a long list of other fairytales that have held mankind back for hundreds of years ), 
  at this point let 's give them what they want better an all out war than this slowly smoldering pile of shite that could go on for decades . 
  did you miss tbe sarcasm there ? 
  i get the feeling it will be hundreds by the morning . 
  not yet . 
  they seem so peacful and thankful . 
  so far border controls have stopped ... two people . 
  two iraqis sent back to denmaek as they did not want to claim asylum in sweden . 
  we are fuxored . 
  there are lies , damned lies and statistics . 
  that is funny because that is how we `` learnt '' french in england too . 
  not much help , i managed to learn fluent swedish through a more hands on approach .
