  http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/12937/production/_88578067_europe_migrant_numbers_mar2016.png this is official registered migrants , there is a very very large hidden number . 
  trafficking went underground as the eu started to put up border controls . 
  - they are not part of freedom of movement . 
  but they somehow seemed to be migrating through europe in freedom ? 
  - they are not citizens of the eu correct . 
  and i never claimed that . 
  - the concept of freedom of goods and services needs the freedom of movement to balance it - and about the concessions : there were plenty - incl . 
  restrictions of benefits are a separate discussion perhaps . 
  why should the eu have given more ? 
  i think the eu is stronger with the uk as a member for many financial and geo-political and cultural reasons . 
  i do n't see the rebate as a special treatment , i see it as a symptom of a broken funding formula , the uks net financial contribution to the eu has been massive over the years https://fullfact.org/media/uploads/uk%20payments%20to%20eu%20budget%20since%201973.png without the rebate it would have been insane and left to an earlier exit to the eu as being unsustainable , the eu funding flows mainly via the cap . 
  regarding the euro the uk and the eu disagree fundamentally on what the eu should be ( a full federated states of europe with a single currency or a common market ) . 
  there are other countries in the eu that have opt-outs from the euro , so it is no special case there . 
  first : here in sweden , we have received 300,000 refugees who have happily walked across the whole of europe even though according to all eu and un regulations they should be registered at the first country of entrance . 
  eu countries have been turning a blind eye , and since there are no border controls there is no traceability within the eu . 
  hence sweden reinstated some level of border controls . 
  second : i agree the uk had concessions , but remember the uk was a top net contributor financially for the eu , see the following https://fullfact.org/media/uploads/uk%20payments%20to%20eu%20budget%20since%201973.png in an austerity government this wasnt so popular among the popular vote so the uk . 
  the reason the uk got a rebate is just because the way the 80 % of the outputs of the eu came via the cap which the uk got a very diminished share . 
  unable to make changes to the formula via politics they had to keep asking for `` special treatment '' which i think some might call just treatment . 
  you are right though , if the eu sees the uk as a pain in the ass then it is a good thing that the uk is leaving no ? 
  yeah - please explain how this is wrong ? 
  had the uk had the political clout it 's size and importance had within the eu brexit would never have been on the agenda . 
  it depends on if you think the union in its current form is going to survive - there are some serious fundamental fiscal issues with the eu - you being greek should be aware of this more than anyone . 
  i do n't think the uk wants to erect any barriers , it will be party to the barriers that come as trading as a part of the wto . 
  it simply wants more control over its own destiny - and as a sovereign entity it is well within its rights to do that . 
  well when germany invites several million migrants/refugees and then distributes them across europe you can understand why people are a bit sketchy about freedom of movement , whilst the borders of the union i think some people debate that there should be no freedom of movement . 
  what i do not understand is why when the uk was debating for some concessions - most reasonable , nothing at all was given , no attempt at compromise was made , was it worth risking the entire union for that ? 
  777 million euro last year , 0.5 % irish gdp net benefactor of eu funds . 
  and 26.3 % growth , well done ireland i say , did much better at milking the eu cow than say , the uk . 
  is that due to the fact you have low or no corporation tax ? 
  ( hardly a level playing field the eu is it ? ), 
  how come ireland manages to secure such large net payments from the eu ? 
  maybe not you but hemotophaglan was talking about his `` favourite '' news , which sounds like gloating to me . 
  people misundertstand that the uk wants to be in europe just not the eu in its current form . 
  seems like a case of schadenfreude to me . 
  hmm you must live or have lived in the uk . 
  while still collecting massive eu subsidies . 
  it would probably be less than a pixel on that map . 
  jingoism at its best . . crimea nicely included on the map at the end . . 
  they just want to appear the victim i think . 
  i 'm not sure what will happen to their right to live and work in the uk if the uk leave so they might have to move back , so i guess near on a million people miving back in one go would the affect country . 
  until the eu remembers it needed the net contributor , nuclear power , and only member willing to question their authority . 
  the irish skadegl\u00e4dje is difficult to palet . 
  with 790,000 poles living in the uk they get to pay too . 
  quite right . 
  although i would rather some enthusiastic , well educated spaniards came to sweden / germany to help the demographic issue than disenfranchised , poorly educated , and downright criminal economic migrants . 
  hang on a minute - you actually give a shit ? 
  problem is that work force arriving are 1 ) largely uneducated 2 ) almost exclusively male . 
  moving from one demographic emergency to another is not a good solution . 
  sad . 
  anti eu sentiment is quite high in sweden right now , this is showinga vindictive side of the eu . . 
  letting them join the euro knowing full well they didnt meet the criteria . 
  it 's okay - the uk is used to being witchhunted . 
  even handed over presidency of the eu . 
  too dominated by germans and french . 
   ( especially in relation to , say , germany , who you want to cut trade ties with ) '' ( especially in relation to , say , germany , who you want to cut trade ties with ) '' vs `` they dont want to cut ties '' which one is it you ca n't have both . 
  whose offensive comments about isolationist eu and what has that to do with misquoting the uk wanting to cut trade ties with germany ? 
  and now you just contradicted yourself . 
   germany , who you want to cut trade ties with ) that is utter bullshit . 
  at no time has the uk said that they want to cut trade ties with germany , quite the opposite . 
  feel free to produce first hand evidence of your statement . 
  all these butthurt people hacking on the uk no wonder they want to leave . 
  you mean apart from the possibility to control all med traffic ? 
  the eu should have leverage against all the tax havens within the eu yes ? 
  ( like change your tax laws or get out of the eu ) . 
  no not slow , just tired of the hipocracy . 
  so why should eu have a say on non-eu states tax law ? 
  luxembourg , can we end that too then ? 
  as much as all the other tax havens in the eu ? 
  maybe russia and the uk will make an alliance lets see how the eu likes that . 
  they are marginalising their most important allies . 
  soon the whole uk will be a tax if the eu doesnt stop messing the uk around . 
  you seem to ? 
  downvoted for a factual statement ? 
  just jealous cause ours was biggest . . 
  i disagree . 
  99 % of brits could give a toss . 
  poor reporting ? 
  well both are more favourable than the eu . 
  you have no idea what will be agreed yet ? 
  until a nordic union is formed . . 
  net contributor money that has to be found elsewhere . 
  where does it say 2014 ? 
  the uk - second biggest net contributors even after rebate - fuck them and their concessions . 
  i am so angry at the eu marginaising the uk . 
  i 'm talking about eu politicans . 
  the whole mean-spiritedness of the eu shows it for what it really is . 
  eu citizens in the uk get perks if they want to stay and keep perks the same applies . 
  there is a whole lot of negotiations to be held before anyone knows what perks remain and which go . 
  the french have always loved to thumb their noses to the uk . 
  you can go take a turing test , if you fail you 'll be just fine . 
  6 months '' yep that happened '', 
  i know a couple, 
  you obviously do n't read flashback then . 
  which shows how well eu arbitration worked . 
  you know - the law and everything . 
  i love the brits and will miss them and their warm beer dearly . 
  and the chickens . . 
  all this because of a lack of a few minor concessions on child benefits to eu migrants who move back to their countries . 
  yep brits love spain and spaniards .
