  so specific that it 's almost as if the law should n't be tailored to them . 
   all of them understand catalan , but they do n't speak catalan as good that 's offensive , honestly . 
  stop infantilising them . 
  i 'm not a cultural bigot , you 're a faker . 
  it 's different . 
  well , you do n't build confidence by not speaking it . 
  nobody will rate you poorly if you are clearly making an effort . 
  also , could you please stop flip-flopping between using recent immigrants and people born in catalonia but who have spanish as their native language to support your arguments ? 
  the latter have been through a decade of education in catalan . 
  they can speak it well , period . 
  heck , i 'm one of them . 
  that statistic includes immigrants though , latin americans skew the numbers . 
  plus , all the people who have been born here can speak catalan regardless of their native language , and those who have n't are immigrants , because that 's literally what the word means . 
  i do n't see why you view `` treating as an immigrant '' as something negative , it does n't imply discrimination . 
  just following your line of reasoning . 
  it 's not like shopkeepers need to have a degree in philology ; i 'm more than satisfied with being able to greet me and point out to me where what i 've asked is , maybe some small talk as an extra . 
  again , saying that one ca n't speak well in an app , not even to one 's face , is n't discrimination but stating a fact . 
  if you are n't qualified enough you should n't open a business , go do something else . 
  any autonomo of anywhere else would be in the same situation . 
  andalusians should n't be privileged over , say , languedocians or sicilians just because catalonia is also a part of spain . 
  they do n't have a bigger right to do business in catalonia and should follow the same regulations as anyone else . 
  why do you assume that because they are immigrants they wo n't speak the languages well ? 
  are you xenophobic ? 
  surely in denmark you also have an association that promotes the danish language among recent immigrants and offers courses , language exchanges , etc. 
   the attendant can not understand you ( unlikely ) you 're wrong , sadly . 
   you do not have any legal right to force someone to speak another language the guardia civil and some judges seems to think differently , but they force people to speak spanish : http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/multat-amb-600-euros-per-haver-parlat-en-catala-a-la-guardia-civil-a-laeroport-del-prat/ http://www.ara.cat/societat/ciutada-castella-traduccions-idiomes-catalunya_0_1316268426.html http://www.elmundo.es/elmundo/2010/05/18/baleares/1274201518.html http://www.lavanguardia.com/local/girona/20121003/54351571379/figueres-juicio-guardia-civil-negarse-hablar-castellano.html  to oblige a business-owner to speak the other co-official language is about as moronic as denying that literally 100 % of catalan can speak and understand spanish perfectly well . 
  again , it 's not a matter of practicality , but of rights . 
  plus , if we do that eventually 100 % of the people in catalonia will speak catalan so the argument will be invalid . 
   i did n't say catalan is redundant ; what i said is that if a migrant business-owner has to learn a language to communicate with customers , it is more useful to speak spanish because more people understand it . 
  and that 's how you create a feedback loop that ends up killing catalan . 
   nobody is forcing catalans to not speak catalan , or to reduce usage anywhere - any horseshit you can summon the contrary is evidence of your agenda to break up a region that is de facto multicultural . 
  except that having catalan speakers change their language reduces its usage by definition . 
  plus , the region will be more multicultural if the recent immigrants can also access catalan culture by learning the language . 
  if your language skills are subpar you should n't be facing the public , and consumers should be informed that they 'll be offered an inferior service . 
  the issue would be if people started giving low ratings to immigrants because of their accent or something like that . 
  this , the app only helps consumers make an informed choice . 
  what should matter is the client 's language preference . 
  i have the right to be serviced in both of the official languages of my region . 
  it is n't , but there is a very tiny but obnoxiously loud minority among the spanish speakers in catalonia that scream bloody murder at the thought of having to use catalan , even in service jobs facing the public . 
  the spanish government ended the last fiscal year in a 2.7 % deficit , but i do n't see them defunding the instituto cervantes or stopping all cultural promotion ( only of the spanish language , of course ) . 
  i 'd argue that the ones who 'd want to create a bubble of spain completely surrounded by another country are the real nationalists . 
  [ it was last august 's iteration of the ceo . 
  ] ( https://sergicastanye.com/2016/08/17/suport-a-la-independencia-en-funcio-de-lorigen-ledat-i-linteres-i-informacio-politica/ ), 
  [ here you go ] ( https://sergcastanye.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/suportindyedatorigeninteres.jpg?w=700 ), 
  change article 168 , then !, 
  no , [ the stats in case of a negotiated referendum are 44 % yes and 34 % no . 
  ] ( http://www.icps.cat/archivos/sondeigs/sc2016catala.pdf ) it 's in page 90 . 
  you 're mistaking personal preference with political intent , a lot of the people who would n't like for catalonia to be independent would n't necessarily vote against it . 
  either that or fight another carlist war ; that 's how they got to keep their fiscal autonomy . 
  apparently there are still some pretenders around . 
  do n't worry , we would be more than capable of paying those 4.2 billions and much more on our own . 
  this is n't spain graciously giving us money , these are some of our taxes finally coming back after almost a decade of record-low infrastructure spending in catalonia . 
  is n't it sad that the state needs the threat of secession to finally start proposing to do right by us ? 
  do you think a pp government ( or psoe , for that matter ) would do it in any other situation , or would they just be content to bleed us dry ? 
  do n't talk to me about insults , common welfare and xenophobic attacks after the campaign against our statute of autonomy . 
  [ remember `` sign here against the catalans '' ? 
  ] ( http://www.nabarralde.com/es/catalunya/9473-una-firma-contra-los-catalanes ) if we were n't as aggressive you 'd take advantage of us even more than you do already . 
  it 's thanks to attitudes like yours that none of the two sides can politically afford to make any concessions . 
  so as someone who is in favour of independence , thank you , you 're only harming the unionists ' cause . 
  it 's funny because they still think their promises have any credibility . 
  [ will they spend more than 10 % of what was budgeted this time ? 
  we spent 40 years under an ultracatholic dictatorship , the propaganda against homosexuals here was the same and according to wikipedia 5000 of them were sent to prison camps and later subjected to conversion therapy . 
  the change did n't come from parading beautiful role models but from a mixture of a cultural movement in which gay artists could freely express themselves , the creation of organisations that defended their rights and finally normalisation when people of all kinds of social status started coming out of the closet . 
  i 've met too many wonderful selfless people to agree with the idea that it is n't in human nature to be altruistic , and i also disagree with the idea that we all objectify people . 
  sure , it 's easier to go through life taking those who are paid to serve you for granted , but trust me , it 's much mentally healthier to see them as their own individuals . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone in my country , but when we legalised same-sex marriage here we did n't do it to get anything in return , the majority of us simply thought that giving all couples equal rights was the fair thing to do . 
  perhaps it was because we were already more tolerant of lgbt , but you do n't improve that by replacing a `` disgusting '' distorted picture of them in people 's minds for a hypersexualised one that is equally demeaning and unrealistic . 
  you 're not treating a group of people well when you objectify them . 
   to try and use state power to impose certain form of speech is disgusting and highly authoritarian so what do you think about the institute of bulgarian language ? 
  ideas can also spread after getting translated , but either way we would be talking about more intellectual circles . 
  the reasons regular people learn languages are because they need them for work or studies or because they are really into works that are produced in that language . 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c93xnypaec] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c93xnypaec ), 
  why do all the people in the world have to be able to talk to each other ? 
   the best person for the job  this country 's politicians pick one . 
  watching game of thrones last season was bizarre . 
  you 'd see streets that are close to each other in real life but that in the show are meant to be continents apart . 
  edit : [ found a list with all the scenes that were filmed in girona . 
  spoiler warning . 
  ] ( http://www.radiotimes.com/news/2016-07-02/game-of-thrones-visit-the-real-braavos ), 
  the whole point of my message was that after the kosovo ruling that 's not true any more . 
  a unilateral declaration of independence does not contravene international law and the principle of territorial integrity only applies when a recognised state tries to conquer another one 's territory . 
  they are n't , but it still clarifies the general principle , not only that specific case . 
  thanks , i will check them out !, 
  yes , as well as all the people who have ever been the president of the governments of catalonia , valencia and the balearic islands . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.uoc.edu/portal/ca/servei-linguistic/convencions/protocol/llista-tractaments/index.html#2 ) 's the list of all the honorific styles of the catalan-speaking territories . 
  we already tried that 10 years ago . 
  we wrote a proposal for a new regional charter that included that demand for the equality of catalan , plus other things like recognition as a nation , a more favourable fiscal arrangement and more , with the consensus of 90 % of our parliament . 
  pp , which at the time was the opposition party in the central government , started a campaign against it , presenting themselves as the saviours of spain 's unity against what they already called a separatist defiance . 
  they collected 4 million signatures against it and later brought it to the constitutional court after a version that was already watered down from the original was passed both in the spanish parliament and by the people of catalonia in referendum . 
  there , a heavily politicised tribunal struck down most of the improvements of self-government that remained . 
  so that was the spark of the modern independence movement . 
  then , positions became even more entrenched when pp became the government party in spain and started calling for recentralisation of power in the name of austerity , while in catalonia the traditional right-wing nationalist party adopted a pro-independence platform and left-wing separatist parties gained popularity . 
  support for the demand for an independence referendum to solve the situation reached and 80 % of the population . 
  they called for a non-binding consultation on catalonia 's independence in 2014 , which recently cost our former president 2 years of being forbidden from taking public office . 
  this year , they 'll call for a unilateral binding referendum , and while they 've offered the spanish government to negotiate an agreement , it has only offered empty promises of negotiation if they drop the matter and later threatened them with the tribunals . 
  simply put , none of the two sides can afford to relent or give an inch on the issue . 
  tl : dr , [ catalonia 's demand of greater autonomy puts it politically out of sync with almost all of the rest of spain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yyhh7cw.jpg ) , creating an unsustainable amount of political tension . 
  copy and pasting a comment i wrote a year and a half ago : el peri\u00f3dico , one of catalonia 's biggest newspapers , made one last week . 
  ** would an unilateral declaration of independence be beneficial or harmful ? 
  by level of studies ( beneficial - harmful ) : ** low : 29 % - 57 % medium : 48 % - 39 % high : 49 % - 40 % ** are you in favour of independence ?
