do n't sweat it , no harm done . 
  no , it 's just that i wo n't spend hours finding facts that you can shoot down . 
  if his corruption could be proven by a dude googling for 10 minutes , he would n't still be in charge . 
  give it time . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that he 'll spend time in prison for things he already did . 
  this is exactly what you 're doing , you 're dismissing what ponta did just because iohannis did something else . 
  the topic was ponta 's plagiarism . 
  by deliberately stealing work and passing it as his own he shows that he 's not capable of sticking to the rules when his personal interest is at stake . 
  that 's not great for a politician . 
  again , you do n't justify this a person 's actions based on '' * hey , that guy 's also probably doing that !, 
   3 ) plagiarism , really ? 
  the hell cares about his phd yeah , who cares that a politician showed a tendency to steal , lie and then try to cover everything up ? 
  sounds like a swell guy . 
  i do n't have hard facts at hand , but based on what i learned over the past twenty years on the matter , my opinion is this : [ ion iliescu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ion_iliescu ) , twice president of the country and former high ranking member of the communist party , is known to have played a significant role in the social-democrat party even after his `` retirement '' from politics ( he is currently the honorific president of the party , officially ) . 
  he passed the torch to [ adrian n\u0103stase ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adrian_n%c4%83stase ) , former prime minister and twice convicted corrupt politician . 
  n\u0103stase was the current pm 's mentor throughout university , and even in his early political career - in fact , when n\u0103stase was arrested the first time around , ponta ( current pm ) was highly vocal and condemned the `` wrongful '' conviction . 
  as i see facts , it is highly unlikely that a 38 year old , unremarkable politician would become the leader of the biggest political party in the country , then have his whole career skyrocket without a single major achievement that he can point to . 
  i think that the only reason he is in the position he 's currently in is because he 's young and the group of people that are actually in change of his party feel that young ( er ) people would relate to him . 
  you do whatever you think the smart thing to do is . 
  sure thing . 
  this is just scratching the surface , i do n't have a lot of english sources : * '' [ romanian pm systematically abusing constitution , says eu ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jul/17/romania-eu-report-constitution-abuse ) '' * '' [ romanian prime minister is pressuring courts to convict , says political prisoner 's son ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/romanian-prime-minister-pressuring-courts-convict-says-political-171300910.html ) '' * '' [ romanian prime minister accused of plagiarism ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/romanian-prime-minister-accused-of-plagiarism-1.10845 ) '' the plagiarism one is just perfect . 
  there was a committee formed to establish if he plagiarized or not , and since changing any of those committee members would have been too obvious , he just increased the number of members and filled it with his own party members , who then voted in his favor . 
  again , that 's another topic altogether . 
  it has nothing to do with the current corrupt prime minister . 
  nobody here said anything about johannis , you were the first one . 
  we were just discussing the possible ramifications of electing a corrupt , lying , deceiving , worthless puppet to the presidency . 
  yup . 
  if the current pm wins the elections we 're going to see another wave of corruption arrests ... in 10 years . 
   does that mean we 're not surrender monkeys anymore ? 
  you never were . 
  most americans that believe that could n't find france on a labeled world map . 
  i do n't know , we should take it up with the council at / r/roletsmakeathousandrosubs . 
  do n't you bring logic into this , we 're just spreading unfounded rumors here !, 
  yup . 
  it 's called intuition . 
  it implies making an educated guess using the knowledge at hand and previous experiences . 
  i do n't need to see an opinion poll from the entire country of israel to learn their opinion of the holocaust . 
  my friend , spin it as much as you want , i know i 'm right . 
  use common sense . 
  do you really need to have an opinion poll to see what people around you think ? 
  i agree . 
  i just think that people in the west really believe that russia is on the verge of nuking everybody and putin is literally hitler . 
  i do n't think the truth is in the middle , but closer to it than that view . 
  i think your opinion of russia is biased and seems to match the heavily anti-russian propaganda . 
  there is propaganda on both sides , though . 
  if you think western media is unbiased and only delivers the unfiltered truth you 're gravely mistaken . 
  i know mate , it just came off that way . 
  he just means that , while correct , you 're coming off as mean . 
  you do n't choose the country you 're born in , and we personally can not make it instantly richer . 
  and he was n't even killed , it 's more of a `` you 're dead to me '' situation . 
  can you please translate to english ? 
  i 'm curious too . 
  this is just like a post last week from the us , where a gray wolf was spotted for the first time in decades , only to be promptly shot . 
  are you for real ? 
  i see no reason why it should n't work . 
  if you have a steady internet connection for your pc and the one you 're trying to access you could be in antarctica and it would work . 
  also , their site says `` anytime , anywhere '' ... 
  i heard something interesting a couple of months ago : if they were to give armstrong 's medal to the first runner up that was never linked to doping it would go to the cyclist that placed 27th . 
  i 'm curious if everybody has the bastardized version of the kebap that we have here . 
  the one with every freaking ingredient known to man crammed in there . 
  one positive label in 18 maps . 
  thank god for latin americans !, 
  i looked it up on wikipedia ( the ro . 
  version ) and it confirmed what i 'd known . 
  actually , `` voievod '' initially meant `` army leader '' , and the term merged with `` domn '' over time to mean the same thing . 
  hey , how about those refugees , huh ? 
  and what 's the deal with all the other subjects we can steer the topic towards ? 
  haha ^ ha ^ ha, 
  in that case , i beg to differ . 
  after a few hundred years of trial and error , romania has successfully integrated them all over germany and france . 
   the pm himself is being charged by dna . 
  and if that 's not a sign that anti-corruption is gaining a fuckton of traction , i do n't know what is . 
  we love you guys too !, 
  we do too . 
  do n't worry dude , we were in the same boat until not long ago . 
  i 'm still not used to seeing so many positive threads about romania . 
  these serbs , man , they should be fenced in !, 
  this is what i like to imagine the roman empire 's might felt like to outsiders . 
  jail bars all the way down . 
  it 's incredible how much the anti-corruption agency has stepped up its game in the past months . 
  and for the past few months it 's been the most popular flair on the sub . 
  apply cold water directly to burn . 
  he was released in december , the part that got aired was from summer/autumn . 
  he currently has a job as a tattoo artist . 
  and good for him !, 
  i personally find the tv station 100 % culpable . 
  they aired the bit with 0 research and one juror actually told him `` your so talented that i forgive you for any crime ! '' . 
  really ? 
  that 's interesting , i 've never heard that quote before . 
  do you have a link ? 
  sure , dude . 
  nothing has changed in france . 
  i said improved , not perfected . 
  seems to me that the french particularly hate romania ( ns ) , a couple of months is n't going to change that . 
   this usage , however , has become less preferred in recent years that 's what i read the first time around as well . 
  how does this equal `` widely accepted '' use ? 
   the term third world arose during the cold war to define countries that remained non-aligned with either nato , or the communist bloc . 
  the united states , western european nations and their allies represented the first world , while the soviet union , china , cuba , and their allies represented the second world . 
  do n't sweat it , dude . 
  that says nothing about you , but it speaks volumes about them .
