upvote for being technically right . 
  you may very well be right regarding central and north africa , but indochina clearly started its industrialization under french rule . 
  tbh i do n't like the term `` colonization '' as a whole , it covers very different phenomenon so it 's kind of misleading . 
  what happened in indochina is not what happened in africa . 
  what happened in french colonies is n't what happened in british or spanish colonies . 
  did i just got tagged as a grudge keeping dick ? 
  i know right ? 
  they are the worst . 
  there 's a distinct lack of spanish and french people in this thread . 
  feelings toward colonies are really mitigated . 
  on the one hand you have self-loathing people who see it as a shame and nothing more , on the other hand some of us want to consider the help we gave them to start industrialization . 
  colonialism can be roughly separated in two periods : we first colonized a large chunk of north america from the 16th century to the late 18th , and then participated in the scramble for africa and colonized vietnam/laos/cambodia and a small part of china . 
  there 's no hard feelings about the first colonization anymore i feel . 
  france has left a cultural trace on places like louisiana and maine but people do n't really care about that either way . 
  the obvious exception is qu\u00e9bec , whom we often refer to as our cousins and whose independance seem to be widely supported over here , despite the position of our last presidents on the matter . 
  they do n't seem to like us very much though , in spite of our bonds our cultures really have drifted and we are very different in some aspects . 
  the colonization of africa and southeast asia is a different matter , and it involves more guilt . 
  nowadays some are economically skyrocketting ( tunisia , vietnam ) , and in really poor places liked laos and mauriania voices are heard who call for stopping blaming colonization for everything that goes wrong in the country 60 years after it ended . 
  still , it 's a common feeling that we have a part of responsability for the situation in africa , especially considering our neocolonialist tendancies . 
  many african countries would be more democratic today if it were n't for our involvement . 
  i have you tagged as dirty capitalist / / natality fearmonger / / eurovision hater so you would know . 
  welcome , willkommen , bienvenue , benvenuto , bienvenido , bun venit , degemer mat ... that 's all i know . 
  well hopefully you 've got the message . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdua0tulnow ), 
  is very sad . 
  such is life . 
  no , it 's not really a thing , i was just pointing out that 's probably what the author of the article meant in the sentence quoted by g_morgan . 
  evoking the colonial empire usually does n't bring anything beside a vague feeling of guilt nowadays . 
  as much as i agree with you , the point is prestige rather than wealth . 
  i must be getting old ... 
  i have no explanation regarding that phenomenon , but i concur . 
  optimistic people seem to be considered a bit naive at best and downright stupid at worst . 
  also , there 's a huge difference between cities and countryside . 
  while people in cities get along with their lives pretty well , i lived in the countryside during 4 years and depression was extremely prevalent . 
  young people do n't want to stay there and a significant part of older people are addicted to their medication . 
  in my close family alone i know of two cases of depression , one of which is severe , and old people are just so unable to see any positive development in the future i 've given up on helping anyone  50 yo . 
  i think i 'm a very optimistic person but damn i hate that part of our culture . 
  everyone should try snails w / garlic butter at least once . 
  something disgusting ... guts , except when really well prepared , and even then the slightest error will result in a shitty taste . 
  quite litteraly . 
  just a few things : - uk politics are nowhere near as boring as us politics . 
  it 's a tripartite system w / influential fringe parties . 
  - as much as i dislike sarkozy , he 'll never be in the same bag as that other guy . 
  he 's a corrupted , influential and charismatic politician who defended the interests of a small minority but that 's it . 
  if anything , he 's more of the berlusconi kind . 
  yup , and [ as we all know ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/girlongirlishot ) ... 
  we 've made a lot of progress as of late , but i still think we 're far too involved in african politics and we try too hard to be influent in the eu . 
  we should let `` smaller '' countries have more voice in eu decisions . 
  i was n't thinking about military interventions specifically , but more about general foreign policy . 
  we 're not . 
  actually , the opposite is true . 
  except about the language , but i 'm cool with that . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  our education system is n't the worst , but i 'm under the impression it 's on the decline and people do n't care enough . 
  having sarkozy thatchering it off for 5 years has n't done any good either . 
  1 - we 've generally been the bad guys throughout history . 
  we have to take control of our foreign policy and change it . 
  also , we do n't need power . 
  let 's concentrate on building a healthy and functional country . 
  2 - education is the single most important goal of a society . 
  holy shit . 
  i did n't realize it varied that much across the eu . 
  yeah , well , this is like , your opinion man . 
  it 's driving me mad . 
  even if i was part of the minority that supports it i would oppose it as long as there 's no popular support . 
   for instance , perhaps viole does n't have the same force in french as violated in english , when he talks about the english language being mutilated by brussels . 
  if anything it 's stronger , violer litteraly means to rape . 
  same . 
  it 's very hard to imagine a war scenario within the european union . 
   isoc ( islamic society ) was this name purposedly chosen to evoke ingsoc ? 
  by which he means , saving the right from its internal fights . 
  he sure has an high opinion of himself . 
   ( men will have boobs , women will have dicks ) i support this . 
  colonialism was arguably more costly than beneficial , especially if you take war costs into account . 
  i do n't know about immigrant labor . 
  my remark applied more to the present situation : assimilation is a long process , and it generates resistance . 
  for that reason , society on the whole would probably be more stable if we had no immigration , regardless of the possible advantages we got from it . 
  ( such as cheap labor and cultural influence ) for one thing the national front probably would n't exist if it were n't for the feeling of cultural insecurity that usually comes alongside massive immigration . 
  and to think i complain about our extremists ... 
  it has n't . 
  the general policy is assimilation and it 's been like that for a long time . 
  you mean if we had no immigration ? 
  eh , whiter and more stable i suppose . 
  why would it be a problem ? 
  ordered . 
  holy crap it 's actually a * breakfast * ? 
  i know where i 'll never live . 
  same . 
  it 's like they want rights or something, 
  that 's true . 
   in denmark it 's certainly looked on as southern europe really ? 
  is n't it more like western europe ? 
  as a frenchman i confirm this . 
  you just ... try to come over here during the soccer world championship . 
  once . 
  i 'd take an eurovision craze over that any day . 
  it 's mainly a linguistic choice i believe . 
  people from ex-british colonies will have an easier time in britain for that reason , while people from north africa/senegal/congo / etc. 
  usually choose to go to france or belgium ( wallonia ) because we forced our language on them for 100 + years . 
  this is the same everywhere , really .
