   but the kind of skeptic realists who would make good conservatives not really i consider myself a skeptic realist and i 'm nowhere close to be conservative . 
  do n't try to make reality fit your views , it works the other way around . 
   in french there are exceptions within exceptions within exceptions yo dawg ... 
  i like english and italian very much . 
  and german , in songs . 
  tax avoidance : \u00e9vasion fiscale tax evasion : fraude fiscale . 
  so yeah , false friend . 
  til and many thanks . 
   and snails are fucking delicious . 
  whenever i have a foreigner over , i make them eat that deliciousness and say sorry . 
  i do the exact same thing , ha . 
  paris when i feel like being racist and hating people i 've never met for no reason . 
  belgium for jokes . 
  yeah , i know this is n't a part of france but you just wait till flanders secedes and we go all anschluss on you . 
  southern france for funny accents . 
  it is n't , but it 's still huge . 
  never done or seen it . 
  sometimes i tell the employee to keep the change but that 's nothing like a tip , only 2-3 $ to round up the price . 
  i have four brothers & sisters and i 'm white . 
  the stereotype you mention is one i 've never observed to date , though i 've heard about some cases of polygamy . 
   but much more in becoming loyal wives and husbands , fathers and mothers , taking responsibilities for our families , and finding joy in life much more in the pride one feels when one does his duty towards his family well , than in mere bodily pleasures . 
  speak for yourself . 
  despite how beautifully you describe it , not everyone sees family and reproduction as the greatest joy in one 's life . 
  while i agree seeking pleasure is not enough to fulfill a life , i 'd take awesome sex over social conformity any day . 
  good on you , 
   i laughed pretty hard when i saw that the french polled were the only ones thinking the eu would be better off without the uk . 
  on one hand this is funny , on the other hand i do n't get it . 
  just what would the eu gain if the uk were to leave ? 
  i can understand indifference , but how is it * beneficial * at all ? 
  marry me . 
  it 'll soon be legal . 
  also , you speak the same language as your neighbours but you 're in deep denial and you go berserk if anyone says serbo-croatian is a thing . 
  i am under the impression that most people do n't give a damn . 
  who cares ? 
  if you knew better how we fucked them up in the past you would n't compare it to the gentle tickling that takes place nowadays . 
  in no way is it the same thing as the colonial era . 
  on the other hand , to balance what you say , immigration is usually concentrated in big cities and the far right votes are stronger in the countryside . 
  even towns like strasbourg and paris were left-leaning in the last election . 
  because of this , i tend to draw an opposite conclusion . 
  people who reject immigration will mostly do so because they rely on tv news instead of their own experience . 
  i 'm one of these leftists from rennes so i would n't know how it is in paris , but i can assure you that even though the countryside is white as your ceiling , cities are more diverse than you imagine . 
  [ results of the far right in the last election here in france . 
  ] ( http://www.la-croix.com/var/bayard/storage/images/media/lacroix/images/2012/04/carte-vote-fn/25590933-1-fre-fr/carte-vote-fn_large.jpg ) i 'd love to see similar maps for other european countries . 
  [ detailed results here ] ( http://www.rtl.fr/pages/carte-resultat-presidentielle ) . 
  you can click on the administrative divisions to see the scores . 
  it 's naive of you to believe that only because you do n't understand it , it 's not a common exercise to humorously bash the * perfide albion * for its long history of schemes and treasons - even though that kind of jokes is n't politically correct anymore on our side of the english channel . 
  1815 bitches , never forget , never forgive . 
  do n't bring the lady into this , you vicious virgin murderers . 
  ^ is ^ that ^ how ^ we ^ do ? 
  you could also say the eu is not `` good '' for your country ( if you give more money than you get ) but still support it . 
  do you have any answer to the other examples given in the video ? 
  if it changes nothing 50 % of the time and fails horribly otherwise , should we support it ? 
  one thousand times this . 
  i 'm eager for the graphene experiment results . 
  til , many thanks . 
  i thought only the president enjoyed actual immunity . 
  free market , ploutocracy , over-the-top nationalism , education system . 
  danke , you too :p, 
  read [ this book ] ( http://euro-med.dk/billeder/billedergrand-chessboard5.jpg ) to get to know the guy better . 
  he seems to only think about the eu as a tool to retain the us influence over the world while new powers are arising . 
  i 'd take anything he says with much caution . 
  e the book is from 1997 but it 's a projection in the future . 
  it 's not about the size , it 's about how you use it, 
  this is my biggest fear . 
  i 'd love to form one country with other eu states but if this means adopting a political system as terrible as the american one , i 'd rather not . 
  as long as the eu is technocratic , i 'll oppose it becoming a federal state . 
  i 've never stopped calling them `` centimes '' , i just ca n't use `` cents '' , it does n't feel natural . 
  actually i was n't aware we were supposed to say that before reading this thread . 
  that 's not the right word . 
  it may be true they practice a form of deception but taqiyya is something different , it 's the right to deny your faith when you 're in danger for shi'a . 
  everyone loves you . 
  you have oil . 
  oh my god , we have to free the shit out of them asap . 
  why ? 
  teaching gazprom not to blackmail/bully their biggest clients ca n't be a bad thing , can it ? 
  i used to find it thoroughly disturbing to think we basically use strangers as canon fodder simply because it feels better , but actually ... 
  they chose to register in the ffl so it 's more like sending to the front the crazies who like it . 
  ( or will bear with the higher risks because they were warned about it from the beginning . ), 
  as long as it 's realistic pacifism , i agree . 
  i 'm told nuclear energy is * relatively * green compared to many other sources though . 
  ` rance fuck yeah, 
  the best resluts are from eastern europe !, 
  ( yeah hit me i asked for it ), 
  it still is . 
   pretty much every news coming out of there is negative . 
  yup , that 's why we need media awareness . 
  the ideas we get from our newspapers are usually a relatively misformed version of the truth . 
  i like / r/europe because everytime we have a headline about spain , estonia or romania , people from there will participate and give their insights . 
  i wonder what turkish people would have to say on this matter . 
  you may have both, 
   i will never not hate hearing south east english children shouting `` mumeeeeeee '' which they always fucking do abroad , constantly , and it 's like listening to baby seagulls - i just want to kick them in the face and tell them no-one enjoys their presence . 
  made me chuckle . 
  not sure if true gentlemen , or potential kid molesters . 
  although it 's certainly dying , the beast keeps breathing . 
  i would n't underestimate their political influence , especially considering the recent actions of the pope/church . 
  they did n't dare to step so openly into our politics for a long time . 
  and they hide in beautiful historical monuments so we ca n't simply nuke them . 
  crafty . 
  ... that 's right . 
  i was reading something else at the same time and i thought it was you .
