  ^ shhht, 
  more importantly , you are good at speaking in enemy . 
  la\u00efcit\u00e9 / state secularism would be an easy one . 
  your propositions are too controversial , there 's no hope for them i fear . 
  i ca n't wait to see half of the politicians whining about those damn socialists not acting * democratically * because they do n't take into account all the old meat flooding the streets these days . 
  this country has been seriously retarded lately . 
  among french `` politicians '' , i think everyone have a soft spot for philippe poutou . 
  his name means `` kiss '' in a cute/childish way and he 's really an idealistic fellow . 
  his party never presents twice the same candidate in presidential elections in order to avoid any `` cult of personality '' . 
  he would always say he did n't care about power , that he only wanted to be elected to `` throw into the seine ( river ) the keys of the elys\u00e9e . '', 
  he actually hated being invited in tv shows and having to run for candidate because it was so boring/tiring . 
  d'awww !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philippe_poutou otherwise , i love this guy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michel_daerden, 
  and pizza w / a ton of ketchup . 
  i kid you not . 
  it 's a shame , i 've only been to spain and bosnia . 
  :( both were great , but i stayed in bosnia longer and everyone was awesome ( dem nightclubs ! ), 
  so i 'll go with them . 
  spain was like history porn though . 
  next step is poland , i do n't know when but that 's happening . 
  i love medieval history and these landscapes are eye candy . 
  short answer : no . 
  the only serious independantist movements would be brittany , but most of us do n't want to secede , and corsica , but they cost the french government 2 billions/year only to stay afloat . 
  the southeast independance movement claims a smaller territory and is ridiculously unsupported by the population ( they got like 1 % in toulouse and that 's it ) . 
  for basque and catalan parts of france , they may get more attention if the spanish parts declare independance , but for now it wo n't work , there 's not enough support . 
  thanks for asking . 
  may putin take care of them . 
  religion = / = nationality , race , gender etc. 
  a religion can and should be criticized as an ideology . 
  not clarifying whether the goal is to make as much points as possible or simply more than your opponent is a common procedural mistake in that kind of game . 
  security is included in stability , i actually agree with you on pretty much everything . 
  being optimistic or pessimistic regarding our chances of success should n't change our purpose though , what eventually ought to be done is n't bound to our particular situation ( being unable to play coop ) , even if we can better evaluate the situation and risks in the light of historical events . 
  i 'll contradict you in two ways : first , on the economy being the only ( or overwhelmingly dominant ) factor in choosing how to organize a society , and second , if we admit the former to be true , on the validity of the points you bring . 
  so , what is ( or should be ) the purpose of a society ? 
  i think we will agree on at least two points : stability , and wealth . 
  these are the basics . 
  now , are the amount of wealth and stability never enough , or will you agree with me if i say we can consider wealth to be satisfactory if regular people can live decent lives without struggling too much , and stability is satisfactory if laws are enforced , well-though and not too oppressive ? 
  i consider at least western european economies to be way past this point . 
  from there , we are out of the jungle and no longer in an emergency situation , we have choices to make : what goals can we set ? 
  you can consider wealth to be never enough and try to keep a growing economy forever , i 'll consider this possibility in the second part . 
  for now , i 'll just ask : what 's the point ? 
  material comfort is great , but do we need material luxury ? 
  should we just , as a group of people , keep getting richer and live and die struggling for that arguably useless goal ? 
  this sounds fucking pointless my friend . 
  you 're a piece of meat , like it or not , and if you 're one of these who find satisfaction in having just yet more useless stuff today than you had yesterday , your existence is kind of hollow . 
  greed is a feeling we 've evolved in nature because we were constantly in need . 
  if you are no longer in need but keep accumulating goods for the heck of it , out of mere greed , just because you want to , you 're nothing more than a lost monkey , a misfiring robot unable to rethink its goals once the situation has changed , which keeps repeating the same task because he 's hard-wired in order to do so . 
  i do n't know if it 's your case , but i do n't want to live in such a pointless society , i want mankind to get past this never-ending nightmare . 
  you can otherwise set more `` humanitarian '' goals . 
  we do n't actually * need * a strong growth and , with a relatively heavy taxation , we can afford a pretty complete welfare state , in order to reduce inequalities within the population , which in itself is a good thing as it reduces social tensions and makes the society as a whole more healthy , for a thousand reasons ranging from less stress to less development of diseases in impoverished populations . 
  we can also make our population more educated : this is a good thing because the more educated ( in * social sciences * among other things ) a population is , the better a democracy works . 
  educated people are less likely to be manipulated , they commit less crime , they create more cultural content , and they are more susceptible to make us progress in various scientific fields . 
  in that context , `` more education is always a good thing '' is not a fallacy , it 's factual . 
  as a long-term goal , we can also aim for the abolishment of human ( physical ) labor but as you said , we need moarrr robots . 
  it may not be * that * far away , though . 
  on the whole , the only real problem i can think of for that kind of society to work is fiscal evasion , but it is only a problem as long as most developed economies stay the way they are . 
  to make that work , the only thing we need to do is to convince enough people , because as long as we play solo , we 're fucked , and if we play coop , those who play solo ( and make profit out of fiscal evasion ) effectively have an advantage . 
  this is a classical case of a [ prisoner 's dilemma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prisoner%27s_dilemma ) . 
  think of it next time you read people from the uk rejoicing here on / r/europe about rich french people fleeing to london to avoid taxes . 
  now , ** the second part ** : you 're complaining about fallacies , but your reasoning is n't spared either . 
  provided the economy is the most important thing and we should n't educate people if it is n't useful , etc. 
   5 years that young , vital person could be working for society , creating goods and added value , paying taxes and saving for future is wasted on learning something that market does not need . 
  you said earlier that if we had a genius in a bottle to give a degree to everyone , it would n't be of any use because they still wo n't find work . 
  there is already a very high pressure on jobs , with the mechanization of work i think it 's unavoidable . 
  the 18-24 of age already have tremendously high unemployment rates , what we need is n't more manpower . 
  what you propose for these people is basically to do nothing and look for jobs that do n't exist . 
   especially social studies are total waste . 
  why would market need more than just a few experts in this matters ? 
  the market certainly does n't need it , but the argument about the manipulation of masses still works here , if we value living in a democracy . 
  having a segment of the population who gets what 's going on certainly is a security belt and prevents the kind of social crisis every early democracy went through . 
  if we consider that only the market matters and not the democratic process , fine . 
  just saying . 
   the same crap that `` european studies '' are nowadays . 
  what they call `` european studies '' is n't `` studying the beauty of the eu philosophy and inner-working '' , but actual , regular studies abroad with a few europe classes added in . 
  this is not the same thing . 
  and i seriously doubt a student program can make an entire continent go bankrupt , anyway . 
   the free market is 99 % of a time near optimum way to allocate resources . 
  this is flat-out false . 
  you may think it 's right or wrong , but a free market generates an unequal society and it allocates resources with enormous disparities . 
  this is n't a secret . 
   how can europe be competitive when we are taxing everything : personal income , capital gains , spending ( vat ) , savings ( inflation ) , property , gasoline , and so on . 
  we only need to be competitive for jobs that can be made abroad . 
  in a services economy such as the western european ones , most of the jobs ( more than 80 % in france ) ca n't go in china , you know ? 
  you do n't buy your stuff at beijing mall , you do n't drink your coffee in india . 
  ( s/he 's american ), 
  100,000 + people obtain citizenship every year , i 've seen more restrictive immigration policies . 
  it 's not japan . 
  well they do n't have to worry about the economy anymore . 
  are you being ironic ? 
  of course you can . 
  he 's apparently quite fond of drones , too . 
  wtf is that ? 
  [ wilbur ross ] ( http://www.forbes.com/profile/wilbur-ross/ ) predicting the catastrophic consequences of high minimal wages * and taxing the rich . 
  how unexpected . 
  * said `` uncompetitiveness '' . 
  [ houx cr\u00e9nel\u00e9 ] ( http://photos.jardindupicvert.com/ph_aujardin/p046/4650-6.jpg ) ? 
  just ... why ? 
  i wrote the french words between quotation marks , and translated them . 
  the meaning was probably the same before , but it has shifted since then , that 's the point . 
  strange question .
