  1 ) `` you 're vegan ? 
  then why did your ancestors eat meat ? '', 
  2 ) french is a `` dialect '' of latin with celtic and germanic influences , anyway . 
  3 ) i was n't there , what has been done has been done . 
  also , i merely advocate creativity over borrowing when it 's easy enough , for aesthetical reasons . 
  i 'm not a purist or anything . 
  i 'd love to see the evolution of it over a long period of time . 
  have we got data for 2012 ? 
  also , with time passing , french words borrowed by english have made english pretty fucking hard to master for us , contrary to what one would expect . 
  ever heard about false friends ? 
  people do n't realize how many of these there are . 
  `` expression '' means phrase , `` phrase '' means sentence , `` sentence '' means condamnation ... etc. 
  hundreds of these . 
  it 's purely for aesthetics , i appreciate diversity . 
  for example , a lot of cities or countries have different names/pronunciations abroad , which i find really poetic and entertaining . 
  like londres , or `` pariss '' , or \u8377\u5170 . 
  ( h\u00e9l\u00e1n ) i have nothing against loanwords , do n't get me wrong , i just prefer not to narrow the gap between languages more than needed . 
  it 's funnier , and prettier this way . 
  i do n't `` hate '' it , it 's just a bit sad . 
  it 's better to be creative and to make up our own words , except for concepts that are difficult to translate . 
  `` stress '' , for example , there 's no real equivalent to it . 
  i do n't know , it does n't look like it 's very common . 
  my grandparents are catholics and none of them assisted . 
  despite their potential weight in the eu affairs ( 80m is a huge population ) and our cultural differences , i 'd support the integration of turkey . 
  it 's a pity everything is bogged down due to cyprus occupation . 
  is there any truth to that ( has the pp some authentic fascist components ? ), 
  or is it just a spanish-flavored godwin point ? 
  i say every sunday . 
  if it 's just for the badass name , i 'm okay with it , but our empires tend not to last very long . 
  on the other hand , this sounds like the worst nightmare england has ever had . 
  you wish !, 
  1 ) i 'm in . 
  they 're just always in the way , are n't they ? 
  2 ) nah , everyone would whine about us just using you to gain political power and influence . 
  and parisians are assholes , making * them * not important would make * my * heart jump with joy . 
  that 's one less tax heaven , that stone/bird ratio would be rather pleasant . 
  hmm ... strasbourg is really just next to the border , and was * somewhat * disputed a few times , so it 's a bit of a franco-germanic city already . 
  that 's why . 
  but yeah , why not d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  i 'm not sure it 's that important anyway . 
  strangely enough , i would n't mind a franco-german economical powerhouse , able to strongly promote social democracy and culture in the world . 
  with strasbourg as a capital , right next to the rurh industrial region . 
  150 million people , that 's half the us population for you . 
  it 's pretty factual , although the website ( national secular society ) is obviously sympathetic to the cause . 
  edit : the national front is not fascist ... fascist-ish at worst . 
  muslims do not represent 60 % of our population , and they have no centralized authority such as the vatican . 
  if yet another crazy immam preaches violence in ( say ) egypt , it wo n't make much of a difference . 
  if the vatican tries to revive catholic extremism , that 's something that needs to be adressed . 
  furthermore , they talk about muslims too . 
  there 's a passage about mohammed merah . 
  yeah well you 're hardly better . 
  relevant : us population , 300 million . 
  european population , 750 million . 
  how so ? 
  `` politic of growth '' ( croissance ), 
  best : almost free education . 
  worst : almost no snow :'(, 
  not even an insult , just a nickname . 
  do you live in a democratic country ? 
  then the state is supposed to be you ( and all the others ) . 
  the state is made of your representants , apply the common laws you 've chosen and its forces are there to protect you . 
  we all know it 's not perfect , but in essence , as long as you choose your representants , as long as you keep your sovereignty , you * are * the state . 
  it 's not an alien and hostile entity we are supposed to defend ourselves against . 
  that person we 're talking about , whose revenue is being highly taxed over a certain amount , is n't being extorted or anything . 
  he 's part of a democratic nation , he votes , so he participates in making the rules . 
  if he disagrees with the laws that are applied , he may argue , try to convince his fellows that another way of doing things is the better , but if he fails he 's not being stolen , he just happen to disagree with the majority in a common decision . 
  if he disagrees with the democratic process , he may leave the hell out , wo n't be missed . 
  does your ` no shit ' means `` of course it is '' or `` of course it is n't '' ? 
   said every communist ever . 
  taxation might be a duty , but it is not other people 's right to tax you . 
  taxation is itself theft - to avoid theft is not to thieve from those who allow for it . 
  yes , it 's people 's right to decide the tax rate of the country they live in . 
  no , it 's not theft , it 's just not the same thing . 
  you ca n't make up stuff like that . 
  and i voted for a 100 % tax rate over 20,000 euros of revenue . 
  this is not communism either , communism is something else and you are not to redefine that term to blur the lines . 
  i lost so much time to that . 
  14 as well . 
  because an assault riffle would have made things so much better . 
  completely agree . 
  it 's something about reddit i 'll never understand , how can so nice and civilized people defend the right to get easily appropriate tools to kill their neighbour like it 's * normal * . 
  i 'm so despaired to see yet another killing spree going on and virtually nobody realizing the obvious cause of the problem . 
  add a portuguese accent , and every word means `` let us make love '' . 
  i do n't think immigrants from southern europe would experience any racism ( anymore ) over here . 
  it has passed out , the previous waves have integrated pretty well . 
  if you 're from further south , you 'll experience racism , from very weak to very strong depending on where you go . 
  i advocate against rural areas in general , even though assholes are a minority anyway . 
   france is one of the richest countries in the eu - should n't your farmers stop receiving cap then since you are so rich , and we can start giving that money to eastern europe . 
  i 'd say yes , the ue should give more ( per capita ) to poland than to france for that reason . 
  it sounds about right . 
  same problem everywhere , i want to like them but anyone who lived close to a gypsy camp will tell you the same : they have extremely high crime rates , their children often do n't go to school , etc. 
  the only definitive solution i can think of is sedentarisation , but they 'll never accept it . 
  i wholeheartedly disagree with you on that , and yet i do n't give up on civility , which seems to approve my point . 
  this makes me want to laugh and cry at the same time . 
  sovereignty is important . 
  do politics yourself if they 're so corrupted . 
  well , people in quebec are of french descent ( most of them ) while africans are not , and from my experience they understandably tend to really dislike french as well as everything that reminds them of the colonial era , to varying degrees . 
  and south americans ? 
  you mean , the tiny little population in french guyana ? 
  no affection for romance countries ?
