i could see gibraltar going to spain . 
  the north is another thing though . 
  you have a rather staunch divide between everyone else and the dup with the dup defending everything said for brexit so far . 
  the republic of ireland has even tried to have a summit with all political parties on the island so as to best prepare ourselves for near term economic problems , and of course the dup refuses to attend . 
  it will be a sticky situation but i suppose that would be part and parcel of a dirty brexit . 
  not if they have a government then !, 
  nah man , we do n't have police we have an garda\u00ed s\u00edochanna . 
  wayyy better !, 
  he can feck off for himself !, 
  i think it will go to ireland . 
  sure while we are at it , we need ito take some sea zone from cornwall so we have direct and closer sea access to france, 
  i think this could be a very slippery slope . 
  if they can refuse people health service , why stop at smokers and the obese , what 's to stop them from alienating other parts of the populous . 
  this could set a very bad president as this is a cost-cutting measure from a business point of view . 
  by extension , it could be applied to others purely for profit reasons . 
  on this point i agree with you . 
  however , i would argue that better educated workforce is not what those companies are here for - they are here to sell their product to us . 
  i know that most mnc 's have a training program for nearly everything and areas such as r&d and product development are done in the us and maybe germany . 
  so how do us smaller eu countries remain competitive against larger countries in the eu namely uk france and germany which serve those functions better with bigger cities and better infrastructure for the company and employees ? 
  finally what problem would you like a country to face - mass unemployment with little national debt or the other way around . 
  i would choose the former as you keeping your voting populous happy and you are growing your economy allowing your country to grow and better compete with larger neighbours . 
  i am a mechanical engineer and these guys are the most famous irish ones for me !, 
  george gabriel stokes 2 . robert boyle 3 . william thomson - aka lord kelvin, 
  here hear !!, 
  this might sound like a silly thing to say also but jobs are worth more in ireland than a once off back tax that could be used for say infrastructure ( solving the housing crisis in dublin ) or paying off national debt - for which there is still a sizable chunk left . 
  this is particle image velocimetry on steroids !, 
  this is very suspicious !, 
  a few generations ago they were considered the world 's smallest !, 
  there must be something in the water . 
  perhaps some angel dust ? 
  we are on to you netherlands !, 
  no idea, 
  saw this posted upon the brexit vote and given what has happened in europe over the last 24hr i feel this video should be posted up again [ ** chaos reigns fox ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmn9asn-8ae ), 
  i bet he was thinking . 
  `` are they serious ? '', 
  do n't really care . 
  he came out a while before the marriage referendum . 
  yeah i saw that too . 
  my girlfriend explained to me that in the first round no one really bothers voting until they see how it turns out . 
  when they see le pen & co gaining seats , everyone goes out to vote in the second round ( she is parisien fyi ) . 
  seems like france got it right there . 
  too lazy to vote in the first round or you did n't vote for the right person . 
  not to worry have another go at it . 
  this might be better the for carbon footprint of europe . 
  the uk has one of the largest import rates in europe . 
  i believe the calculated carbon footprint of something like that to be 20 % of the whole eu block ( crazy right !? ) . 
  do n't the source on hand ( on mobile ) . 
  given the potential decrease of imports due to this whole mess . 
  it 's not all bad right ? 
  ireland calls dibs !, 
  you do n't have much respect for your fellow uk countries ? 
  do you ? 
  surely they could add a bit more info to this chart ? 
  italy . 
  . iberia . 
  scandinavia ? 
  and what about the republic of ireland for crying out loud ? 
  ( i could be biased on that point though ), 
  ah now , i am sure they are great bunch of lads . 
  ireland !!!, 
  just want to say op you have the best username this for this thread !, 
  irish narrator , who made this ? 
  i stopped reading at markel . 
  man , i have to start following polish politics/news more , it is far more entertaining than my own country right now . 
  what is this tripe !, 
  ah well yes you can as its land is in the northern half of the island of ireland, 
  you ca n't call it the south . 
  it factually incorrect as both malin and mizen head are in the republic . 
  do we not already have this though ? 
  parties in each country fall into one of the eu parties - perhaps , we just need to change a logo ? 
  as someone who lived in a large farming community , farmers feel cheated because of cap . 
  being someone who works very hard their profit is controlled by cap and markets . 
  bottom-line farmers feel like all the eu regulation is too much to handle - however it is ironic as small scale farming is not commercially feasible . 
  its all about being a team player !, 
  hmmmmm i do n't want to play the conspiracy card here . 
  . but !, 
  all the indicators that the uk are doing good are all british news outlets . 
  i am willing to bet that the uk is outright lying about how well they are doing . 
  i mean if they do n't trust their experts why should we ? 
  tax evasion bros !, 
  - love it, 
  on what criteria are you basing that on ? 
  i would think nearly all countries are market economies in their own right . 
  this does n't sound fair to me . 
  boooooo !, 
  you just got jelly in your belly . 
  we 'll ask america thank you very much . 
  ca n't be relying on british banks for much longer anyways . 
  yeah well it would appear they had their [ chance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_reparations#poland ) . 
  although there is some doubt over it - it did come up and was discussed . 
  i call bull on this - looks photoshopped !, 
  pies are not a thing in ireland for this type of thing . 
  maybe a tayto sandwich ( crisps/chips ) . 
  op you should cross post this on / r/ireland, 
  [ oliver cromwell ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cromwellian_conquest_of_ireland ) - scourge of the irish, 
  thanks for point this out . 
  there does n't seem to be a megathread for this specifically . 
  can you send to the subreddit link so i can reupload . 
  either way you split it , the editor should n't have asked him to do that , could have easily backfired and did . 
  i think the guest then used it to push his own views .
