  `` a war of nobles against nobles which did n't concerned the common people '' . 
  this could n't be more wrong . 
  i respect your opinion , i do , but this is not right . 
  do you really think that catalonia fighted as fanatically as it did just for a king ?? 
  off course not , the people defended the entire political model the austrian model represented * for catalonia * ; that is , their individual and collective rights . 
  why else ? 
  until then catalans managed their taxes , foreign trade , and yes , war . 
  also you said that catalonia did n't suffer more than other `` regions '' during franco . 
  well , i 'm gon na piss those extremadurans and others . 
  catalonia had indeed an extra layer of repression , agains its language and culture , it was an `` spanish nationalist fascist '' dictatorship . 
  for 40 fucking years . 
  the catalans werent only `` reds '' , we were the `` rojo-separatistas '' , more evil than the rest . 
  hell , even that old tart jordi pujol was arrested , tortured and jailed because he dared to sing the catalan national anthem in a chorus . 
  well , i do n't know , i 'm actually tired of having to explain it all again and again and again , just to justify we exist . 
  don t take it personally , please , it 's just the circle goes on and on , and many in spain just plain flat refuse to accept we exist as a nation , against any evidence , no matter left or right . 
  now , i just want to vote , most people here just want to vote . 
  as you can figure by now , i will vote yes , and a million times yes . 
  i do n't care if anyone in spain thinks we are just an invention of some greedy elites in 1880 or wathever . 
  and oh , please . 
  romantic love is not recent as hell , where did you got that ??? 
  yeah , spanishninjitsu , people fell in love and married all the time before the xviii century . 
  `` romantic '' love as we understand it in the west is a product of the xii-xiii century ( trobadours , `` amor cortes '' , etc ) , in the septimania-occitania ( at that time this was the western elite culture ) , and from there to northern france , to england , to germany , italy , etc etc. 
  not everyone was rich enough back then to have much to gain or loose in a marriage , and you would be surprised of how many parents wanted their daughters and sons to be happy . 
  popular myths , just as popular science , are interesting , but not inherently accurate . 
  off course not all the marriages were `` for love '' , but love was the reason someone was supposed to marry in the christian world . 
  are all marriages for love now ? 
  no , that 's why there 's so many divorces , because you are supposed to be `` in love '' to marry , and many people is n't . 
  so korea , as a nation , was only born in 1945 ? 
  and japan in 1866 , and china in 1911 ?? 
  this is an extremely eurocentric and biased point of view you have . 
  also , i don t know ( i have no right to actually ) your academic credentials , but you do not seem to be a historian . 
  catalonia , the nation , just as scotland or denmark existed long , long before the xix century.just like prussia and baviera did . 
  romantics didn t invented the nations , they just gave them context , its a much more complicated issue than some writers and poets `` inventing '' anything in some parisian caffe, 
  i agree that image is extremely insulting , its a very bad joke and it has to be denounced . 
  what i was complaining about , and the point that makes this sick , is that , unlike patriotes.cat , which is a group related to estat catala , an extremely fringe political party which has no representation whatsoever , those advertisements where made , officially , by the pp , as i said , the biggest political party in spain . 
  the difference in scale is ridiculous , to say the least . 
  and yeah , the propaganda ( in the andalucia case specially ) is against the regional psoe , but using catalonia as a weapon , telling lies and fomenting hate . 
  and btw , here you have an alternative source on the identity of those `` 100 ceos '' http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticia/4172616/20140211/who-are-the-german-businessmen-against-catalan-independence.html, 
  no , i do n't get your point . 
  i 'm openly in favour of independence , i 'm willing to give my motives , and at the same time i expect to know the arguments of people against independence . 
  what i get of your point is a personal campaign to difamate the catalan independentist process . 
  economically , independence makes a lot of sense for most economists , among them some of the best in the world ( which as i said , happen to be catalan ) . 
  remember also that catalonia is a land of small businesses , not huge multi-nationals like repsol , telefonica or else . 
  and most pymes associations would welcome independence also , although they are cautious , evidently . 
  if you care to post some of your arguments against independence i would read them willingly , use links if you want , no problem . 
  i told you several times already why i think catalonia can and should be independent . 
  i do n't get it , are the evil catalan oligarchy for or against independence ? 
  the `` 100 foreign ceo 's '' were n't a hundred , many werent foreign , and surely many were n't ceo 's and catalan economy seems to be doing at least better than spain 's http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticia/4173243/20140214/barcelona-chamber-of-commerce-president-catalonias-economy-works-better-than-spains.html on the `` university front '' . 
  can you cite me one spanish economist against independence with more prestige and better curriculum than xavier sala i martin and the current catalan minister of finances mas-collel ? 
  both are from the world 's top universities in economics . 
  you keep ranting , but the reality is that in catalonia the majority of the people has stated that it wants a change ; being totally legal and following procedure : which is the composition now of the catalan parliament ? 
  most mps support the right to self-determination . 
  i do n't know who are you trying to convince , maybe yourself . 
  catalonia have been hijacked by some evil nationalists which want to destroy spain or something ? 
  millions of people have been totally blinded and cheated by their `` leaders '' ? 
  well , my sarcasm generator was n't activated either , so i think your radar should be fine ... 
  i can totally confirm this , the '92 games totally transformed barcelona , we are still benefitting from the changes it brought . 
  where is andorra ? 
  gon na check it out , are there any rules yet ? 
  a `` meet x '' country subreddit would be awesome , i m really thinking of doing one of my own, 
  and why would we want your guns , we 'll keep our european weapons , thanks, 
  you are either a loon or a troll or a single state of both, 
  i would say spain is quite the arrogant country , even compared to france . 
  about compassion , meh , certainly not in the top 5, 
  in catalonia we get a wood log , we feed it for a week and then we beat it with a stick till it literally shits presents for all the family from atlas obscura : `` in catalan , ti\u00f3 de nadal is roughly translated to christmas log and is a widespread tradition in many parts of the catalan countries . 
  according to catalan mythology , the christmas log brings small presents on christmas ( big presents come from the three wise men ) in the same way presents are placed under christmas trees in united states . 
  originally , the ti\u00f3 de nadal was just a piece of dead wood , but now the log is often given a face with an attached nose and two little legs , along with a little red hat similar to a barretina . 
  if it stopped right there , it would n't be that strange . 
  just another present-delivering vehicle adopted by a different culture . 
  but it does n't stop there , that 's only the beginning . 
  it all starts on the day of the immaculate conception , december 8 . 
  tradition states that households begin to `` feed '' the log every night starting then . 
  the log is also usually given a small blanket during this time to keep it warm during the chilly weeks before christmas . 
  after weeks of feeding , it is finally christmas eve and the log is placed in the fireplace , little face and beret staring up from the ground . 
  members of the house then take turns bashing the little log person with a stick and commanding it to defecate out presents , candies and wafers and not to defecate stinky herring . 
  this is where the tradition got its other name , caga ti\u00f3 , or shit log . 
  the bashing continues while traditional songs about the log are sung . 
  christmas is then celebrated to the delight of everyone in the house as they reach below the ti\u00f3 's blanket to pull out their `` gifts '' of defecated candy and presents . '', 
  a video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db_n7-hxtli edited : wall of text, 
  good night , and good luck, 
  southern europe ; in any case , i would not put any adjective that implies `` modern and/or democratic '' besides the name `` spain '', 
  if you insist in calling spain `` western europe '' ... 
  regarding your main question , catalonia has , without a doubt , the most support among the regions that want independence in europe ( more than a million strong demonstrations every year since 2011 and a permanently massively mobilized people , and a majority pro-independence parliament ), 
  9-november-2014 = byebye, 
  you can just admit that you just do n't really know that much about the history of catalonia and be done with it, 
  so what prevents catalonia from joining the efta ? 
  would it be overtly complicated ? 
  also , as a citizens personal level , even with independence , catalans will remain eu citizens as spanish constitution 's article 11.2 clearly states that `` no spanish citizen can be stripped from his/her nationality '' this way , free movement of capitals ( efta ) and free movement of people ( schengen still aplying for catalans ) will be guaranteed , even if catalonia is no member of the eu . 
  are there huge obstacles to this solution beyond the renegotiation of the debt ? 
  oh , and i would be very grateful if the answers do not involve pedantisms or insults * a la * cbr777 ; as with many redditors , i just want to mantain a normal , positive dialogue here, 
  independently of the discussion ; do you need to use insulting quips * all the time * ? 
  `` are you dense '' `` you 're a moron '' `` you 're dellusional '' ca n't we just keep it civil here ? 
  without insults and trying not to be overly pedantic ? 
  the big nations in europe , except spain and the uk , do n't really have any kind of powerful secessionist movements . 
  do you think france is really worried about brittanny or occitania or the roussillon ? 
  germany afraid baviera will just go ? 
  please be serious, 
  yeah , the reis cat\u00f2lics were kind very thorough with the muslims . 
  people do n't really understand how the conquest went, 
  i think that it adresses the topic of the spanish `` left '' vision of the catalonia process and its supposedly `` rightist '' or ethnic tendencies rather well , or at least it tries,
