  apologies when they are due as in this case, 
  then probably to the ither guy, 
  if i know as little about your country as you know of catalonia i wouldn t dare to comment on its history https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_revolt it would be the same as saying your country didnt exist for most of the xx century, 
  counting * brazil * , yes, 
  sorry to bring it up to you but we 've neber been actually friends , you just got us locked in your basement thanks to your friends hitler and mussolini, 
  from a previous comment of mine : one of the thing foreign obvservers ( and many , many spaniards ) get wrong is the whole `` region '' thing . 
  in the spanish constitution it is explicitely written that in spain there are `` regions '' ( madrid , murcia , andalucia , etc ) and then there are `` nationalities '' ( catalonia basque country and galicia mainly ) , both take the form of `` autonomous communities '' inside a broader `` spanish nation '' . 
  it doesnt make much sense because when the constitution was written ( late 70 's ) there was a lot of brinkmanship to do and also there was fears of a fascist military coup , so they could n't fully develop spain into a full multinational country as in the uk . 
  region is a politically charged term in the `` nationalities '' autonomous communities , and is usually used by people from other parts of spain to attack the identity of those coming from catalonia and the basque country that want independence . 
  i would end saying that spain is not the uk or canada , there is a lot of animosity , especially between independence minded catalans and nationalist spaniards . 
  asking this kind of question in r/spain would be like asking a serbian on his opinion of croatians and bosnians in the late 2000 's . 
  do not expect objective answers ( not saying that i 'm neutral either ) ,, 
  spain , as per its constitution , is formed of `` regions and nationalities '' inside a broader `` spanish nation '' , what exactly does that mean is anyones guess , back in the day the constitution was written almost with the guns of the military on the back of the writers , so it tried to please everybody without really accomolishing anything . 
  the constitution was supposed to recognise catalonia and the basques and the galicians ( maybe these ones not so much ) as uk style home nations , but it never got to that because of the influence of former franco offcials which still had ( and have , although now its their sons ) a lot of power, 
  * does n't seem very democratic * , no but it does seems * muy espa\u00f1ol *, 
  im sure we are totally terrified of * la cabra de la legion * , sarge arensivia arensivia , the mummy of franco and joseantonio and fray torquemada invading catalonia yet again, 
  `` getting rid of them '' so much for * no other reason than hate * have you talked with your king about that , subject ? 
  most likely it would not mean exiting the eu , from a previous comment of mine : catalonia as a new state may or may not be part of the european union , but catalan citizens will still have spanish passports and thus retain european citizenship . 
  unless spain modifies its constitution to suddenly suspend spanish citizenship from all catalans ( something extremely hard to do ) . 
  now , if the european union is ready to suddenly lose the whole catalan economy overnight ( catalan gnp is bigger than greece at this point ) and leave spain almost geographically isolated and economically crippled ... to the people adamantly anti-independence : do you really , really get the economic consequences of just cutting catalonia off the eu overnight ? 
  first off , spain will need an urgent transfer of capital , since it will lose 25 % of its economy and most of the strategic transportation hubs . 
  does the eu has this kind of money and most important , the political capital to use it in this way ? 
  this can very easily develop in a huge crisis if mismanaged . 
  but the eu does n't like unstability , and if an undesired and difficult situation happens , they will apply a lot of realpolitik and deal with the situation with flexibility . 
  i 'm not saying automatic admission , but most probably some sort of agreement which allows at least the economy to virtually keep working as usual . 
  and as i said , catalans will keep the eu citizenship because they will still have spanish passports , so if i want to go to denmark , i 'll just grab my spanish passport , and voila , thank you dr schengen  here you have a short article with some numbers on how and how much catalonia is a net contributor to the eu economy http://www.viaempresa.cat/ca/notices/2014/05/catalunya-es-contribuent-net-a-la-unio-europea-6226.php, 
  yes , but what if kicking out greece meant italy ( i mean spain in this case ) inmediately would also default ?? 
  also as i 've said catalonia is an economy that actually works , unlike that of greece . 
  but seriously , kicking out catalonia means spain goes to shit , and then the pandora 's box is open, 
  no one cares about you either, 
  i 've never met any catalan independentist who would dare to mock ireland , * especially on language policy * , after all language is a national obsession in catalonia itself . 
  identity issues in catalonia are very different than in ireland , in ireland there 's republicans and `` loyalists '' , but the thing is that the loyalists consider themselves irish , not so much in catalonia . 
  you may have met the latter , although nothing is impossible . 
  on the post-independence mocking and insults ; if it means we are an independent country again , i 'll welcome them all , and if the criticism comes from spain , i 'll laugh back , we will be citizens of a republic , while they 'll still be subjects of the bourboun dynasty , which only has brought them disasters , massacres and poverty, 
  catalonia as a new state may or may not be part of the european union , but catalan citizens will still have spanish passports and thus retain european citizenship . 
  unless spain modifies its constitution to suddenly suspend spanish citizenship from all catalans ( something extremely hard to do ) . 
  now , if the european union is ready to suddenly lose the whole catalan economy overnight ( catalan gnp is bigger than greece at this point ) and leave spain almost geographically isolated and economically crippled ... to the people adamantly anti-independence : do you really , really get the economic consequences of just cutting catalonia off the eu overnight ? 
  first off , spain will need an urgent transfer of capital , since it will lose 25 % of its economy and most of the strategic transportation hubs . 
  does the eu has this kind of money and most important , the political capital to use it in this way ? 
  this can very easily develop in a huge crisis if mismanaged . 
  but the eu does n't like unstability , and if an undesired and difficult situation happens , they will apply a lot of realpolitik and deal with the situation with flexibility . 
  i 'm not saying automatic admission , but most probably some sort of agreement which allows at least the economy to virtually keep working as usual . 
  and as i said , catalans will keep the eu citizenship because they will still have spanish passports , so if i want to go to denmark , i 'll just grab my spanish passport , and voila , thank you dr schengen , 
  thomas miley ( not exactly unbiased-see his work on catalan linguistic policy ) + nasty things about spaniards in a private meeting with three persons = definite conclusions ? 
  the thing is many in the spanish ( far , sadly hegemonic ) right have been advocating this quite mythical `` ethnic conflict '' of `` pure '' catalans vs poor spanish inmigrants ; the reality of the composition of the catalan society is much more complex . 
  most of the population ( myself included ) has at least one parent/grandparent/great grandparent from somewhere else in spain , with all the family ties this includes . 
  this is one of the factors that make `` anti-spanish '' feelings less prevalent in catalonia than in the basque country , but not the only one . 
  nevertheless i would challenge the `` ethnic conflict '' theory as totally baseless , and many first generation spanish inmmigrants would agree ( see the association sumate.cat for more information ) . 
  i 'm writing in my ipad , so it gets tiring and difficut after a little while , but still i would like to comment on one aspect , now that you have given me the gentle opportunitty to discuss the matter . 
  i also have worked ( phd thesis assistant ) on the topics of nationalism and identity with people of different countries ( mostly asia ) and i have to say that almost always , when i talk with scandinavians or germans about any topic related with catalan independence they seem to instintively be hostile to the process , i guess mostly because of the issue of nationalism , this has always surprised me , because the korean and japanese phd candidates i 've been able to assist have never shown such biases . 
  may this be because nationalism in denmark and germany is linked with dictatorship , bigotry , nazism etc ? 
  even in contemporary times ? 
  i have n't had the opportunity to delve into it . 
  i even had a german linguist tell me that catalan linguistic policy was akin to what franco did ( a grave insult , considering the tens of thousands of people that were arrested , tortured and executed just for speaking catalan-my parents , son and daighter of spanish immigrants suffered torture for attempting to learn catalan in secret in a friend 's home ) . 
  if there is anything `` unique '' to catalonia and catalan nationalism/independentism in europe is precisely , its lack of a far right/racist wing , and i challenge anyone to find any party or organisation which advocates catalan nationalism and racism or nazism , you simply will not find any . 
  on the contrary , most of the unionist organisations have some kind of link with the far right ( i can provide you with data on this topic if you are interested , there 's a recent book on the subject - from a photojournalist , in catalan , but should be readable to you ) . 
  so no , this kind of bigotry does not go both ways in the conflict catalonia vs spain . 
  you said you centered on the * how * and not the * why * . 
  i suppose you did some kind of analysis on the anc then ? 
  the anc is a grassroots , non partisan organisation which serves as nexus for the independence movement and which is behind the most massive demonstrations in europe after ww2 ( two milion people demonstrations , the 400 km human chain , the 9 november symbolic refferendum , etc ) . 
  i would say , looking from afar , than the catalan independence movement is quite unique in this regard , and i would like to try to explain how , in a modern industrialised society like catalonia you can manage to implicate huge segments of the population in this kind of movement for such a long period of time ( three years and counting ) . 
  it is just driven by `` hate of the spanish '' , greedy and selfish nationalism ? 
  i doubt it . 
  also , did you take a good look at the last elections ? 
  the municipal ones ? 
  spanish media and some foreign obvservers ( mr miley included , btw ) just as you did , pronosticated that the independentist movement was really petering out , specially with the irruption of podemos and the `` social turn '' in the people 's minds . 
  the funny thing , however , is that in votes , independentism grew by 300.000 in reference to the last elections . 
  and ada colau , the leader of the coalition which included podemos in barcelona , supports the independence referendum wholeheartedly . 
  the change that has certainly happened is that independentism has make a turn to the left . 
  in the `` red '' industrial belt of barcelona , catalan independentist left parties won many seats for the first time in history literally contradicting the `` poor spanish inmmigrant vs rich burgeoise catalan '' narrative . 
  many of those `` poor spaniards '' decided to vote for the most radically independentist parties there are , like the cup and erc . 
  in the `` inner '' catalonia , unionism has almost dissappeared . 
  personally , i would like some proof and data on this `` ethnic conflict '' , because i can provide you with plenty of evidence on people trying to invent it from pure air , and i can also provide you with evidence for anticatalan actions from many people in spain , public and private ( from putting bombs-yeah - to death threats to insults to wathever you want ) , some from very high profile people . 
  p.s : and btw , i would never call 25/30 % of a society of 7 milion ( catalonia/scotland ) `` extremely fringe '' , i would call something under 3 % fringe , and something between 1/2 % extremely fringe, 
  did your ma thesis include any fieldwork , did you had access to any primary sources ( in catalan , too ) ? 
  before 2010 there were few independentists * compared to now * , there was still a good 15-20 % people who wanted independence , and remember that in the 1980 's and early 1990 's there even was an armed struggle in catalonia , specially in barcelona . 
  the upsurge in independentist feeling actually started in 2006 , not in 2010 , and erc got extremely good results ( better than in the last elections in 2004 maybe you have to update your thesis a bit p.s : and i was only speaking about the contemporary independence movement , erc governed in catalonia in the 1930 's and , as you probably know , declared independence twice in four years . 
  barcelona is the capital of catalonia does glasgow want to separate from the uk ? 
  no , it 's the whole scotland, 
  maybe you stfu and give you no karma . 
  99 % of catalan independentists are republicans , regardless if they are nationalists , leftists or else, 
  according to the spanish constitution , catalonia is not a region , but a nationality of spain . 
  madrid , valencia and andalucia are regions ( again , as stated in the constitution ) . 
  in the catalan statute of autonomy ( an organic law , just under the constitution in the legal hierarchy of spain ) it states that catalonia is a nation . 
  so spanish constitution = nationality + statute of autonomy of catalonia = nation = not a region . 
  it would be the same as saying that wales and scotland are `` regions '' of the uk just because i do not know about the concept `` home nations '', 
  i could as easily say that the only arrogance here is yours . 
  spain is not france or italy , it has different languages spoken by almost a third of its population ( basque-catalan-galician speakers combined , and that 's only the official ones ) . 
  yes , they can * also * speak spanish , off course , but why does speaking catalan or basque make someone `` less of an spaniard '' or `` arrogant '' ( this is really , really , really wrong , specially for what it means ) ? 
  it 's the national parliament of * all * spaniards , including those that do not have spanish as their first language , which is , as i said , almost a third of the whole . 
  in the eu parliament ( which is becoming more and more important , assuming powers from the different states ) almost everyone can speak english , yet there are translators because it is supposed to represent everyone , to respect everyone . 
  this is just * one * more aspect of catalonia 's mistreatment . 
  yeah , we know we can have more than one language , and as spanish citizens , we should be able to speak our own language in the parliament that represents all of spaniards . 
  they should have translators if they do not understand one of their own country 's language . 
  sadly for you , catalonia is not a region . 
  according to the spanish version of the bible ( aka spanish constitution ) catalonia is a `` nationality '' . 
  according to the catalan statute of autonomy , catalonia is a nation . 
  now , you may be from a region ( who knows , extremadura , andalucia , murcia , madrid , wathever ) , good for you, 
  it was an attempt at flattery , actually . 
  the us is , as a nation built on a political principle ( freedom , democracy ) , a very special kind of country .
