hope you do n't help the bad guys this time, 
  what if the law is abusive and not coherent with the will of the people ? 
  i think this is the conundrum we are into, 
  i was about to write * hypotetical * , but you would n't believe how much i am disposed to compromise in terms of economy of words when writing on my ipad , 
  you are so , so wrong , since when a populist demagogue like ms rahola makes any political decisions regarding aran ? 
  http://vozpopuli.com/actualidad/40710-el-sindico-de-aran-el-valle-seria-una-comunidad-autonoma-dentro-de-una-cataluna-independiente aran will be , in an indpendent catalonia , wathever the aran people wants , and nobody in the catalan independence camp denies that . 
  they are a sister nation to catalonia ( occitan ) but a different one nonetheless , so if they want to establish themselves as a separate state so be it , and we will be there for them every step of the way , as it should be . 
  the estelada is the flag of the independent catalonia * movement * , the senyera will be the * official * flag of the actual independent catalonia i do n't know why we made it so complicated ... 
  so el mundo , el pa\u00eds , el abc , la raz\u00f3n , etc are more neutral than the catalan press eh ? 
  i guess what would happen in the uk if the scottish tories did the same with salmond ? 
  be very careful of what you are saying are you saying tens of millions of spaniards were in favour of eta terror strikes just because they did n't showed up to the `` eta no '' rallies ? 
  they * are * part of catalonia , a part that happens to be in france , that s not the question , not even to the french government . 
  now , do they want independence ? 
  the answer is no . 
  most people living now in northern catalonia is not catalan , but * pied noir * , north african and metropolitaine, 
  off course they di not , they ve been thorougly aculturised ( and in the case of rossell\u00f3 ) fiercely subdued , few of their native culture remains now , a real reminder of what happens to the nations that come under french control, 
  well , he should n't have said that , we all can have our differences on the scotland independence scenario ( as i said , im all for the yes ) , but to have an * anti * british french lurking about is unacceptable , france is , no doubt , the most murderous of the western european nations ( this go far beyond wwii ) , had the scots been under the french yoke they wouldn t even exist now . 
  and he speaks of giving the english * the boot * , when france still does have colonies in africa , america and the pacific , and they repress them bloodily when they revolt , c'mon . 
  he is , as i said , an ignorant , hypocrite and a prick, 
  northern catalonia haszero chance of becoming independent , zero.in the context of an independent `` southern '' catalonia there may be a rekindeling of the relation by means of a collaboration with the french government with theobjective of relaunching the area 's economic and cultural life , nothing more . 
  the flag with the white star is called the * estelada * ( meaning `` the starred one '' ) and it 's quite new , created by catalans exiles who fought in the cuban independence war against spain . 
  the estelada flag is explicitely independentist . 
  the `` plain '' four stripes one is called * senyera * , and its the original and very , very old ( as a national flag it may be one of the oldest in europe alongside the danish one ) . 
  the northern french use the senyera more as a simbol of identity . 
  the use of the estelada symbolises the struggle for independence ( the white star explicitely points to that end ) , but once the pbjective is met , catalonia will use the senyera as its national flag , as it alays have done . 
  since imdependemce feelings are much more reduced in `` french '' catalonia , they do not use the estelada flag as much, 
  soon to be 40,000,000, 
  and get off byzantion, 
  well , that is what i wanted to hear . 
  by that definition , which is the correct one btw catalonia is also very clearly a nation , regardless of the recognition it gets . 
  what i do not get is why so many people in scotland do not see it as clearly as you, 
  can you tell me why ? 
  what makes scotland a nation today , within the uk ? 
  a political party that call itself national is not a reason in itself . 
  scotland is a nation because it is recognised as one - even if a `` home '' one - by the uk ( in essence , england ) what if you were not recognised by the uk as a nation , but as a `` region '' . 
  would you still be nation called scotland ? 
  why ? 
  i think one of the main issues here is the * quantity * of speakers . 
  neither welsh nor irish have 11.5 million speakers . 
  this is a huge quantity of people , much more than other established states with their languages fully recognised by the eu . 
  not making catalan official is a political matter for spain , not one of practicality . 
  you are clearly mocking our country and our movement and displaying your misunderstandings about who we are , what we want and where do we come from . 
  spain is * some sort of * `` modern western country '' , but it 's treatement of catalonia and basques and galicians and other nations inside the spanish state has been , up until recently , atrocious . 
  if you think spain has the same level of democracy now than austria or germany you are seriously deluded . 
  from 1936 to 1978 we were subject to all kind of abuses you were subjected to . 
  only in our case the opressor was n't communist , it was a national-catholic fascist dictatorship . 
  yeah , you should have kept nice and quite in the embrace of mother russia , it was very nice to you right ? 
  we are well used to that even people calling us nazis , meanwhile the spanish government 's delegate to catalonia gives some medal to some very real nazi army veterans, 
  llosa is not a fascist in the classic meaning , but he s certainly near , very near the spanish far right , and well before this last `` manifiesto '', 
  i wonder why is that ... maybe not giving a dime to madrid has something to do with it, 
  seriously , no one calls it barca , this diminutive does n't even exist in english, 
  also jaume i 's grandma was a byzantine princess, 
  someone said once that being ignorant is made worse by being proud , but that those two normally traveled together . 
  well , this is definetely your case . 
  your hate for anything catalan ( no doubt fueled by the ignorance and arrogance i told you before ) blinded you . 
  yes , catalonia had a relationship with `` greece '' ( you did n't understood the brackets ) , or as i said , with the ere ( you did n't seem to understand that either ) , long before spain existed ; now , if you are one of those that think `` spain '' was already there when the romans came , maybe you are the one kidding . 
  do you want me to explain to you what i meant ? 
  do you know which time period you are talking about ? 
  maye you are off by some thousand years , not that it bothers you, 
  i absolutely expect you to be the one that doesn t understand , catalonia had a relationship with `` greece '' ( it was the ere back then ) long before any kind of concept of spain existed . 
  now , it wasn t a good relationship , that s for sure , but most educated greeks know about it . 
  oh , yeah , spain is doing so well with all those powerful multinationals . 
  catalonia is mainly an entrepreneurial society , with a majority of small to middle bussinesses ; this is the bread and butter of the catalan economy , and what makes it a successful one . 
  so spain can keep those , we have others, 
  can you provide us some data and sources for these things you are claiming ? 
  if you are greek you should know, 
  no , i wasn t joking , sadly . 
  i am glad you may be an excption . 
  if you have been here you will also know that there s only one channel in catalan , while all the others ( dozens ) are spanish ones . 
  i would go even further and say that anti spanish feeling is something very rare in catalonia because most catalans have family in spain , at one level or another, 
  i agree , you save all your hate for us, 
  being nationalist has little to do with it , being a far right racist fanatic has a lot though . 
  in scotland there 's a party called scottish national party which is nationalist and not neonazi or fascist or extremist, 
  its wrong and unfair to compare the british royal family with the spanish one . 
  the british royals come from an old tradition of parliamentarism , empire and glory , and have given solace and support to their people in their hour of need . 
  there is an evident emotional and identification between `` queen and country '' . 
  during wwii , which most of europe ( remember , spain was let to rot in its own fascism ) remembers this week , the royal family , specially the king was central in mantaining the morale of the population . 
  in spain , the bourboun dynasty only established themselves after a terrible , bloody war which ended with the creation of the modern spanish state and the imposition of absolutism ; in catalonia specially , and to this day , people hate the bourbons , who destroyed their country and abolished their parliament and constitutions ( that 's why the royal family is usually booed when they interact with the common people in barcelona , which is not often ) . 
  the bourboun dynasty was expelled not one , not two but three times from spain by different social movements and revolutions , but they always came back to impose absolutism or dictatorship , that 's why many people has come to know them as `` the cancer of spain '' . 
  in fact , the last time they had to flee it was because they were literally voted out of office , back in 1931 . 
  republican parties won a supermajority ( in a municipal election ) after the dictatorship the king had supported ended . 
  then , almost 50 eyars later franco , the fascist dictator named the grandson of the last king as his successor ( this is juan carlos i ) , against the wishes of the king 's father , who did n't wanted the monarchy to be appoinited by franco . 
  so juan carlos i betrayed his father in order to be appointed king at any cost . 
  not a very clean and transparent history the bourbon 's one . 
  there 's like a 1000 more reasons on why the spanish monarchy has nothing to do with the other european royal houses , i just gave you the very basics . 
  personally , if i was a briton i wouild be insulted every time anyone dared to compare the spanish royal crooks with the british royals, 
  the current spanish monarchy has no tradition at all , it was set up by the dictator and peepered up by the regime oligarchies . 
  if i was a briton , a danish or a norwegian i may also be a monarchist, 
  hahah , while andorra is culturally a catalan country , it is not a fully sovereign one , even if they are not in the eu . 
  there have indeed been calls for an annexation of catalonia by andorra , but nothing serious really, 
  very nice point , i cant wait for us to be independent and have our own coins ( i hate to carry the ugly head of the spanish king on my pocket all the time ), 
  where is perkunas ?? 
  its not only 50 years ( which is actually a looooong time ) . 
  the succession line was scrambled and the legiticmacy of the crown broken , it was more the creation of a new dynasty than the restoration of an old one this time . 
  anyway , the main problem with the bourbons is that from the beginning they have had troubles with legitimacy . 
  they came to spain through a bloody civil war , they instaurated absolutism , they are the only dynasty in europe that have been expelled thrice ( the last time through democratic elections ) , but they always come back , like a tumor, 
  there s people making comments in spanish all over the thread , no need to be like this, 
  this time i hope you don t abandon us to our luck as in 1714, 
  for 300 years, 
  impossible , catalonia is the most republican nation in spain,
