  my dear dude , bro , bloke , etc : i was not oversestimating the image of spain in the world . 
  every and each country has an international image . 
  slovenia has one , bangladesh has one and even somalia , which is a failed state , has an international image . 
  when we are talking about the secession of a western european territory form its state , it automatically becomes relevant for that state 's neighbours , since any kind of disturbance or instability will harm their interests . 
  if you have a cheap old battered utilitarian ( spain ) parked near a ferrari and a jaguar ( france and germany , for example , no matter where these car brandings are originally from ) , and it suddenly explode in flames , there 's a good chance that the nice sportscars may get somewhat burnt in the process also , so no matter what shitty country is in the minds of the people , the sheer size of its economy and it 's geographical position made it inmediately relevant for the greater region . 
  also , at this stage when we are talking directly about independence in catalonia and the civil society is moblising massively i do not think what the individual person in the street thinks or how it feels about catalonia is really that important . 
  probably if someone asks me about the plight of the cornish people for greater autonomy and recognition i wouldn t care at all ( i do care , btw , buit this is just an example ) . 
  what is important for us now is that the governments , the interest groups and the press get to know who are the catalans and what we want , and the way we are trying to acomplish it . 
  later , in case we succeed , it will be the turn of the respective governments and again the press , etc to explain who are these people that suddenly just created a new state in western europe . 
  we 'll do our part , off course , as we are doing already , but in the end we are the ones who will get to vote , one way of another , for independence ; you say no one outside spain cares about this ? 
  i 'll agree with you , and i 'll add more : we have nothing to show them as of yet ; we are the ones who have to move our asses . 
  i think a really flawed point in your argument is the constant `` political-bickeringization '' ; 2014 nothing will happen , erc here , ciu there , puppet sock on , puppet sock off , god cop bad cop , etc. 
  and this is a point where i really suspect you are not acting in good faith here . 
  off course everyone is entitled to it 's own opinion , and if you consider yourself on the far left - i only say this because you write on several occasion about the `` catalan burgeoise , the catalan oligarchs , the enslaved people that sheepeshly follow the politicians , etc - that 's all right for me , personally i m a member of the cup-ae , arran and of the cos ; what is not so fine is that most of the time , this talk about `` oligarchs and slaves and nationalist egomaniacs '' seem to be directed much more to harm the independentist movement than to actually critisize the society 's class structure and injustice . 
  the ei ( independentist left , in catalan , which is the term that we use to refer to all of the organizations , syndicates , parties etc which pursue socialism and independence fort he catalan countries ) has always , for all its 60 years of existence defended that class rights and social justice is absolutely inherent to the will of creating a catalan , valencian and balearic federation of states . 
  i 've found very few foreign observers , spanish or otherwise which now anything about how the independentist movement organise itself ; it is really a true grassroots movement , the anc , the major umbrella organisation is not a political party , and it never will , and in there there 's people of all political options ( in the catalan parliament there are 7 parties and bipartidism is rare , although it happened some times ) with only one objective , which is to create a catalan state which guarantees the welfare and the rights of its inhabitants , while respecting the culture and the language . 
  if you think that right now the political parties can move around their puppets and just change the way the civil society feels about the independence , you are wrong . 
  those `` radicals '' you talked about are about the majority right now in catalonia , everyone now is either independentist or know someone close that is . 
  ciu had to try to ride the tiger the last elections least erc - which its much more to the point - or even the cup - which is a no nonsense independence + socialism platform with a strong anticutbacks agenda - bleed them dry of independentist voters . 
  now the moderates vote esquerra while the radicals vote the cup , or just go to the grassroots movements ( like the anc ) . 
  wrapping up ; nobody cares about catalonia independence : off course , we are a small country , unlike scotland and england , spain gives us no recognition at any level , we had no noticeable armed struggle , and as i told you , by now , the catalans are the ones that must care about catalonia and if we manage to establish a catalan republic that finally stands ( unlike in the xvii , xix and xx centuries ) then we will have all the time in the world to get other peoples to know us better . 
  i also think that catalonia 's case it 's quite different than quebec or scotland for another reason ; catalonia is the only one among those three which was attacked by the state that theoretically had to protect her ; the generation that suffered the bombings , rapes , assassination and torture is still alive . 
  i really ca n't imagine the canadian or british army massacring it 's own population and forcing them to live under a fascist regime for 40 bloody years . 
  the british banishing the scots kilt , the traditional log cutting and running events of the highlands ? 
  the spanish military dictators even banished the sardana ( catalan national dance ) , banished the language ( schools ,98 % published books , street names , people names , towns names , newspapers , etc etc etc all of it had to be in spanish ) , and just plainly acted as thoroughly as they could to eliminate the catalan identity by all the means at their disposal . 
  fascist spain was on for 40 years , 40 . 
  hitler only got like 18 to 20 , and thye italians got about 22 . 
  that 's entire generations all around spain brainwashed by fascism and the catholic church . 
  there 's much to be talked about all of this , and i 'll be delighted to , but i was getting off toppic so i better leave it at that for now, 
  let 's see what happens to the international image of spain after this 11-s . 
  if there 's nothing solid by 2014 , mas position as president will be untenable , and erc will bleed out ciu white of voters . 
  an erc majority ? 
  well , not impossible under the correct circumstances, 
  well , considering that the current spanish flag represents murder , fascism and repression on an enormous scale , it 's no surprise i chose the republican one . 
  that i am catalan ( and also a catalan independentist ) does not made me blind to the fact that spain * could * have been a great country , embracing modernity and tolerance, 
  well , the spanish flag is tainted by 40 years of brutal dictatorship and 30 furthemore years of silence and corruption , at least the republican flag represented the hope for a better future for all, 
  in would say spanish nationalism is much worse than the german one , and in spain there are raging debates every time the topic is discussed publicly . 
  in catalonia and the basque country you 'll be lucky if you find a spanish flag . 
  it was part of the * crown * of aragon , of which the kingdom of aragon was a part . 
  the royal chancillery was in barcelona , and the official archive of the crown is still in barcelona also . 
  remember that the kingdom of aragon was given as a wedding gift to the catalan count , and that subsequently the house of barcelona ( catalan ) ruled the crown of aragon for the next 300 years . 
  i know it is very difficult for most people to be experts in high middle ages policy , economy , because everyone has to work and we have budy lives etc , but to ask if catalonia was independent or not is not the right question ; catalonia was not a kingdom , greece was not a kingdom , wales was not as kingdom , ireland was not a kingdom , iceland was not a kingdom , belgium and so on so on . 
  germany did n't existed beyond a geographical definition , so was italy , and so was spain . 
  spain came to be , as a `` nation '' , like france , or prussia , in the early to mid xix century , when the administration boundaries were more or less stablished , and this goes on for nations as china , korea , and japan . 
  you would not deny they existed prior the xix century right ? 
  well , we had several serious incident with the spanish military in the past few years ; incidents that would not have been tolerated ( or believed ) in the uk ( at scotlanmd , for example ) . 
  i mean serious as `` serious in a democracy '' , like the highest ranking general in sthe spanish land forces threatening to intervene in catalonia if the vote did n't suited the will of the army , or the navy blocking all the fishing vessels in a town until they flew the spanish flag , or else . 
  or the airforce flying their f-18s at about 50 to 100 meters above several towns last year , this last one was quite an uproar . 
  every two weeks of so we have someone in the military repeating their threats , and we even got some military units suddenly training in the mountains behind barcelona . 
  anyway , two weeks ago the vice director of `` marca espa\u00f1a '' , the spanish official branding agency , which is the organism thatg promotes spanish culture , industry and tourism in spain and through the world , made a tweet saying `` fucking catalans , you deserve nothing '' ; can you imagine somethinge like this happening in the uk ? 
  uk branding promoting agency director saying `` fucking scotts '' ? 
  because i ca n't . 
  her got sacked inmediately , but still , spain recklessnes is not to be underestimated , not even in regard to gibraltar . 
  sendind the rn is a good desition , after all, 
  do n't listen to xiuxiuejant , rub a lot of garlic on the bread , otherwise it 's not real pa amb tomaquet, 
  if spain does this to gibraltar imagine what will they do to an hypotetical independent catalonia, 
  here you have another redditor hoping for an andorran takeover , one can only wish , though ... 
  i hope the uk steps in in this matter , if spain is ready to go back to a dictatorship it doesn t mean it has to drag others with her, 
  please do one about spain ( evil smirk ), 
  what about the conservative basque and catalan catholics who nevertheless supported the republic because on the other side they faced just plain physical and cultural annihilation ? 
  is not that easy just to compare the finnish and spanish civil wars , in spain it was a much more complex issue , much more like the yugoslavian wars , where a relatively artificial state ( spain and yugoslavia ) tried to contain-counter the nations , cultures and identities within . 
  my grandmother hated the anarchists , they murdered her dad , but still hates the spanish fascists more ; for 40 years she faced constant beatings , threats and repression just for being herself-a catalan - , this even extended to my parents generation , and i 'm in my 20 's . 
  oh , and franco executed thousands of basque and catalan priests , not everyone who was not fascist was communist/anarchist , there were plenty of people who were for democracy itself , including the catalan church ( admittedly not the spanish church , they 've always had something on the bsdm inquisition thingie ), 
  torna ' t al cau d'on has sortit, 
  that knee still hurtin ' , feguegico ? 
  more like expelling the squatters that came into your room guns blazing, 
  ah\u00ed le has dao, 
  sure , it 's the same situation than catalonia , the nordic education system is indeed superior, 
  did i said something wrong ? 
  you may disagree on the right to be independent of catalonia , but hasn t been spain , for most of its history a nation of poor , backward religious fanatics governed by a corrupt cleptocrat class of aristocratic landowners ?? 
  has any of the multitude of countries that got their independence from spain asked to get back to it ? 
  i 'm catalan ( well , my father 's grandparents came from aberdeen ) , so we 've been blasted by the french and the spaniards . 
  you do n't want the french at your door , they have some kind of fetish for cultural ( and otherwise ) genocide . 
  the spaniards have been usually too fanatic , too poor and just plainly too backwards to erase us from the face of the earth , not that they have n't tried hard, 
  the french * and * the spaniards , may you always keep the flag in the rock flying high, 
  well , i was just being ironic with another redditor , off course i wouldn t think they actually were russians in anything less than a strictly political sense, 
  yes , but it means something like `` my gosh '' didn t jnow alizee was from corsica ... damn that little island produces great people, 
  or you invade it and destroy it , oi ? 
  well , you * were * russians ... 
  * ... and spain liked 1942 so much that it never left *, 
  don t tell me , u frog ? 
  well , it seems that the representative of the spanish government in catalonia is starting to act like the military viceroy s of old and enforcing every town and village in catalonia to fly the spanish flag . 
  spain as democratic as france ?? 
  no bloody way, 
  not at all , they said that if there was majority of votes they would push for a udi on monday ( today ) but if there was not one they would push for a constituent process and a referendum asap . 
  in any case they are the most independentist party in the parliament , ba\u00f1os himself said they will play the role of `` accelerator '' , not the `` brake '', 
  do you even now what qsqep is ? 
  is not only podemos , in fact , podemos is just a part of it , most of its numbers come from icv/eu . 
  there are explicit independentists in those parties , they even made a manifest a week ago !!, 
  several members of the municipal governemtn of barcelona voted for the cup ( first time i heard elected people from a given party voting another ) , and in badalona cup/podem has an alliance . 
  so yes , many have voted independence , but many have remained in the party ( icv voters mainly ) the `` podemos '' strategy has been the biggest fiasco in these elctions , to me , more so than the pp 's . 
  i thnink this is the beggining of the end of podemos as a big player in the whole of spain . 
  it does n't really matter , though , the fact is that with a 77 ' 8 ( the biggest yet in any autonomic elections , almost the biggest in the entire history of spain ) independentist parties have won a majority in the catalan parliament . 
  there is no `` hidden majority '' waiting for spain to come and save them . 
  voters have spoken , the political programs were very clear , the disconnection process has already started if you feel comforted by your king , your pm , your army and your church saying `` this will neven happens '' , better for us, 
  there has been not a single case of violence in today 's elections . 
  i 'm also from barcelona , qsqep was mainly icv which does have an important independentist faction . 
  even in barcelona en com\u00fa there are lots of independentists . 
  two days ago one of the `` regidors '' even openly said she would vote for the cup . 
  and btw , i just hope you do not plan to get violent yourself ( not that i care what some crazy hooligans do , in that case you will be swiftly arrested ),
