  you just say , `` this is it , and i do not want to discuss it any more '' , but you have n't answered any single aregument . 
  you do n't even understand what `` simplify '' means in diplomatic terms !!, 
  ( diplomatic studies being the studies that analyze antique documents , also called diplomas , it 's an history specialisation , fyi ) . 
  and you called catalonia , valencia and ( oh god ) sicily `` regions '' ( wow ) of the crown of aragon . 
  valencia was a kingdom , sicily was a kingdom , catalonia was a principality , aragon was a kingdom , and all were constituent parts of the crown of aragon . 
  so yeah , i can be all the loon you want , but you should n't be so arrogant and dismissives of topics you clearly know very little about . 
  you want sources then ? 
  in the `` privilegio de anexion de mallorca '' ( 1286 ) : * regno , dominio et corona aragonum et catalonie * in the llibre dels feyts also : e fe que deuem a deu , pus aquels de * cathalunya , que es lo meylor regne despanya * , el pus honrat , el pus noble , per\u00e7o car hi ha \u00b7 iiii \u00b7 comtes , \u00e7o es lo comte durgell , el comte dampuries , el comte de fois , el comte de paylas oh , and please , i am a titulated political scientist myself ( my second `` licenciatura '' , after history ) , and i can tell you that to deny nations existed before pre mid xix is a gross misunderstanding of how peoples and cultures have evolved through human history . 
  well , at least you do n't dissappoint , although i expected some originality on your historical arguments , and not the typical uninformed and uncientific sensationalism ( at least this time you are not trying to tell me what is and what is not `` a nation '' ) . 
  * he crown of aragon magically becoming the catalonian-aragonese crown * the crown of aragon did not magically became the catalan-aragonese crown , what happened was that the usual `` corona d'arag\u00f3 i de catalunya '' was simplified documentally to `` corona d'arag\u00f3 '' from the xiv century onwards in the royal chancillery documents . 
  a simple observer analysis of the history of the origins and developement of the crown will show to you that it is absurd and ridiculous to diminish the weight and importance of catalonia ( the principality of catalonia , which was the official name of catalonia until 1833 ) in the crown , since the kingdom of aragon was given as a dowry to the count of barcelona , the royal chancillery was in barcelona , the archives were in barcelona , the ruling house was catalan , the imperial expansion was done basically by catalans ( val\u00e8ncia , mallorques , naples , sicily , greece , etc ) , the law was for the most part catalan ( based on the gothic law , the only western european nation to mantain it for that long ) , etc. 
  this `` catalano-aragonese '' controversy just exist as a way to try to diminish the history of catalonia and deny its existence as a nation , a controversy , as most of them , outside the academia , just like the catalan-valencian controversy , done for political reasons . 
  the crown of aragon was as catalan as aragonese ( constitutionally speaking ) and mostly catalan in everything else , from economy , to foreign policy , to the military . 
  just to add a sensationalist argument you are sure to like : * magna est profecto gloria nationis catalanae diebus nostris : papa , catalanus ; rex aragonum et sicilae , catalanus ; vicecancellarius , catalanus ; capitaneus ecclesiae , catalanus ; generalis ordinis minorum , catalanus * i am sure a learned man like yourself does not need a translation , it 's preety easy to understand anyways . 
  this was written by the second catalan pope ( alexander vi borgia , from a valencian family ) , i think its pretty clear he made no distinctions between catalonia and the crown of aragon . 
  would you call the pope a `` sheepy nationalist '' ? 
  or maybe the most reasonable answer is that catalonia was a normal nation in that context , just like france or england or scotland or denmark were . 
  if you want historical lies and revisionism you just have to go to the pp chiefs and their `` spain is the oldest nation in europe '' hit ( personally , i think not even they are stupid enough to believe that ) . 
  as you said we indeed talked about the war of spanish succession , but again , you keep repeating things which are unaccurate or just very uninformed . 
  first of all , there 's anything but typical in a modern succession war , and both the spanish and the austrian succession war which followed it , were huge world wars , with hundreds of thousands of casualties and huge consequences for the main parties involved . 
  the catalans , just like any people , did n't fought in the war , `` for some king or for another '' , . 
  they were fighting for their way of life , for the laws that governed them , for the land their consodered it was theirs . 
  you also mistake modern era `` privileges '' for `` benefits '' when the most accurate contemporary translation would be `` constitutional rights '' of the catalan people , rights which predated the union of crowns between the kingdom of castile and the crown of aragon and which were earned by the catalans through history ( such as not having to serve in foreign wars , the inviolability of the homes , the right to elect mayors , etc ) . 
  just like in the other conversation we had you just take what you like of history ( from wikipedia ? ), 
  and then anachronise it as you please ; last time you told me of xviii century europe as if it was xi century europe , with the people having absolutely no say in government , something that england , holland and other countries would have something to say about . 
  catalonia had its own constitutional system back then , and it was the reason the people tried to defend it from bourbon absolutism . 
  it had nothing to do with independence , and most catalans know the difference between the rights we had back then and actual contemporary independent states . 
  and finally , this `` columbus was catalan thing '' . 
  well , columbus has as good a chance to being catalan as being from italy , several members of tyhe expedition were catalan , and catalonia was still an important mediterranean power with lots of connections . 
  there 's an important claim , with evidence to support it , as a historian i give it a chance . 
  and pals could have been the catalan pals and not the andalusian one , i dare you to offer more proof to one option than the other , isntead of ridiculing it . 
  the other looney ideas , like a catalan claim of america or that castille activelly suppressed its just a fringe idea with no support in the academic community , and most of the catalan public is not even aware of the claim existing in the first place . 
  this kind of argumentation you put forward as a `` catalan independentist claim '' is very similar to something that happened in china several years ago , when chinese media went ballistic because they said koreans beleived confucious to be korean ; this was absolutely bogus , no korean thinks that , but maybe some loon in some backwatee village published it on his blog , and sensationalist chinese journalists inmediately picked on it , and many chinese still bnelieve that koreans in general aknowledge confucious as korean , when it is completely false . 
  what is more , did you know were all this columbus claims come from ? 
  from the institut nova historia , a fringe research group liederated by jordi bilbeny , a man who claims davinci himself was catalan ; does any university in catalonia ( which are amongst the best in spain , btw ) consider him a serious scholar ? 
  no , he has no prestige or respect or anything between in the academic community , and even the documentary you cite was n't claiming that . 
  i 'll answer later , just wanted to tell you that as long as you are talking to me , you do not have to apologize for writing a `` wall of text '' , i do n't know how else we can communnicate here but by writing , so take your time and write for as long as you need , thanks, 
  unfortunately i do not think we are all friends and merry here , but i support the general idea . 
  in one of our past discussions i just stopped answering your replies because at first i assumed you were either a historian or an anthropologist ( i mean , with an academic background , 4 years degree at least ) , as many of your arguments are based in history and culture , but then i saw that this was clearly not the case can you please cite - with examples - some of the historic lies and revisionism in the independentist argumentary ? 
  spanish ninjistu , i really think many of your arguments and opinions are done in very bad faith and with the objective of simplifiyng the debate towards a situation of no reliability of both camps ( independence and union ) for an external observer . 
  this way , no matter if independentists arguments are actually reasonable and many of the unionists ones are threatening or violent , you trash both so the more reasonable ones get lost under the dirt . 
  i.e : `` this is a high politicians game '' , `` catalans are brainwashed sheep that play to the tune of the big business and government '' , etc , etc. 
  i told you how ridiculously arrogant this kind of argumentation is , and some other redditors told you also . 
  ca n't you think for one instant that among the milions of independentists there are people from all walks of life , some of them maybe more learned , suspicious and intelligent than you ? 
  people that think and that are not easily fooled and misled ? 
  or maybe you do n't care and you just like to throw dirt all around because you disagree with independentists goals ( yeah yeah , you repeteadly said yiou agree with them , but c'mon , i do not buy it , it 's just too perfect an excuse ) just the same you told me before pablo iglesias said about the spanish media ; they made the far right a normal thing , same with your arguments , make both sides unreliable ( spanish nationalism being an evil ideology from the beggining , with all the fascist-nazi-dictatorship ties and all ) so independentism gets the bad press ,, 
  nice of you to cite pablo iglesias , he unambigously defends the right of self determination of the catalan people ( and the recognition of catalonia as a nation ) . 
  in fact , his political platform , * podemos * , carried the right of self determination on the second point of its foundational document . 
  personally i always liked pablo iglesias ( with caveats , i do n't like some of his media collaborators though ) , and although i vote the cup , i agree with most of the causes he supports, 
  what i do not get is why unionists try to picture the milions of independentist catalans as sheep minded fools , i find it ridiculously arrogant, 
  please remember that the catalan national assembly ( anc ) is a civil rights movement whose aim is to establish an independent catalonia , it does n't makes reference to the actual catalan parliament were the politicians meet . 
  the anc is a grassroots civil rights movement which has acted as a catalizer for the independence movement and is behind the million strong demonstration of 2012 and the 400 km human chain of 2013 , it has no political ambition beyond independence . 
  it receives no public funding , only the contributions of private individuals and in its statutes it has planned to dissolve the same day independence is declared http://catalanassembly.org/, 
  we already done it twice , in 2012 and 2013, 
  yes , that 's why i answered you , i was telling you that , from my point of view , this `` politicians just do it for show '' is both simplistic and wrong . 
  president mas just linked his personal future to the referendum ( and the victory ) , mr junqueras ( which i was lucky to have as a professor ) was n't even in erc until a couple years ago , and he is not a rich or `` oligarchy '' guy , he 's a respected historian academic , icv and the cup ( this last one is the party i identify with the most ) had very public and open debates on wether to even participate on the last elections , and the icv has still an open debate . 
  the independence process is permanently discussed both for and against in all kind of platforms , forums , etc , from the academia to the neighbourhood council . 
  yet we still hear the famous `` it 's a politician thing '' . 
  the good thing of being a small country is that everyhing is nearer , and unlike the spanish system , with all its real oligarchies and high state officials , and aristocracies , here there 's still room for people to try to organise and participate in decision making projects ( the anti-bullfighting law is an example , so is the `` taula del tercer sector '' which is a permanent commitee that communicate permanently between ngo 's , civil rights movements , etc and the catalan parliament ) . 
  what may those `` selfish purposes '' be ? 
  getting more `` power '' ? 
  more money for them ? 
  it is clear that the big business and the economic elites in catalonia do not want independence at all , yet most people is in favour and actively working towards it . 
  i really wish spain had such a clear idea of what it wants to be , and the hope for the future that the independence movement has created for catalonia, 
  well the thing is that the catalan government , parliament & civil society is actually moving very , very clearly towards independence ; step by step , the nullification of the declaration of sovereignity this week was another step , the next , big one will be in april , when the spanish congress decides to deny the catalan petition by an absolute majority . 
  this is already assumed in catalonia as part of the process . 
  what i do n't understand is why so many spaniards still think this is a `` politicians thing '' in catalonia when so many people here is absolutely in favour of the process of independence ( milion strong demonstrations , massive human chain , majority in polls , majority in parliament , etc ), 
  the point was to clarify how something as inoquous as singing one single song in a given language can lead to such an obnoxious outrage , what if u2 sang a song in gaelic irish , will england , the us , etc just explode in rage and insults against him just for that ? 
  so yeah , what a record, 
  it 's called xenophobia, 
  catalonia is one of the most industrialised regions in europe http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_motors_for_europe, 
  well , as surprising as it sounds , soon it will be , once the new spanish anti protest law comes into effect . 
  it is already almost impossible to protest near the spanish congress building, 
  ca n't you spare just one tank army and liberate catalonia from ( real ) fascist spain ? 
  pretty please, 
  look , * milions * of people demonstrated pacifically in catalonia last summer for independence , not even a trash bin was burned , not a single incident , there were people of all races there . 
  was it big news , specially in countries like france and germany ? 
  but if you have a super violent , xenophobic infused conflict with geopolitical interests then the western media will be all over it asking for blood . 
  no , i 'm not mistaking nation with state , from my point of view is it you who is mistaking nation with * nation-state * . 
  if you speak about the `` very concept of nation '' then we have a problem , because every language has one . 
  is it true that in english the term is used overwelmingly to refer to nation-states , but that is not the case in , for example , spanish , which although it is used , it has other broadly accepted definitions . 
  and even in english , you have the `` native american nations '' , or `` the arab nation '' , etc. . . 
  here we enter very much into anthropology and semantics , and i know we do n't want to go there . 
  but the thing is : nations exist and existed regardless of the `` state '' form they choosed . 
  so you have the jews , who had several kingdoms but still are one nation . 
  a nation can be defined as a group of people with a common language or family of languages , a common heritage and culture and even a sense of community or homogeneity . 
  thus yes , in japan there were several states in the tokugawa era , in fact even before that , and all were considered japanese ; unlike the chinese and koreans , which were foreigners . 
  and btw before the meiji era the bakufu was anything but unstable ( i just had to say it ) . 
  what you are talking all the time is about nation-statehood and nationalism , and these are ideologies . 
  nationalism is an ideology , and this is indeed new , ideology as a concept is fairly new . 
  nationalism tried to vertebrate the * nation * with a standarisation of its culture and sometimes its language , * into a state * , oposite of what you were claiming . 
  the meiji `` restoration '' did n't created the japanese nation , it wanted to forge the japanese nation into a state . 
  the same with garibaldi and the same with bismark . 
  some times , as in france or spain , several national entities would fight for preeminence in this new state , or just to stay alive and adapt . 
  is scotland more `` nation '' than catalonia ? 
  why ? 
  because in one side there was negotiation , and in the other there was annexation ? 
  scotland also was in a union of sorts with england , just like catalonia with `` spain '' . 
  but really , if you want to pursue the comparison of the catalan case with scotland better open another thread ( no problem from my part ) . 
  and please , i read what you said of the war of spanish succession and catalonia .
