  and if the vall d'aran or others want independence from catalonia ? 
  they are in their absolute right to demand so , and the state has to grant and facilitate any referendum that shows the democratic will of the people to self determination . 
  i guess spain the first answer would be to send the army or to arm some neonazi militias ( espanya 2000 , falange ( s ) and all the other spanish patriots ) to terrorise the population . 
  can you blame me that i think spain , my country , is a big pile of shit ? 
  catalan here , i also confirm the same , day in , day out , ad nauseum, 
  well , here we are with the `` clash of civilisations '' , sadly for you , we are in western europe , not in the xv-xvi centuries americas , so your little ragged band of legionary goats would do little in any scenario . 
  in europe , ballots weight more than cannons , and your threats of war and slaughter mean really littlel ; it only demonstrates what kind of people you are , totally , utterly morally broke . 
  a `` syria style '' rebellion you say , hahaha , you totally lost it , did n't you ? 
  anyway , it 's too late now for you and your neofascist friends , the real rebellion is brewing in the streets of all major cities all around the spanish state , and they are not precisely god fearing , military admiring , ultranationalists like you . 
  miners , students , state workers , jobless youth , not exactly the `` camisas azules '' kind eh ? 
  but anyway is nice your kind starts to show its real face , i would tell you `` see you at the ballot boxes '' , but you 'll probably bring a gun or something . 
  hhaahahahaah , sisis , unless your beloved jesus gil , franco and torquemada awaken from their tombs , you 'll have a difficult task preventing a democratic movement from the people of catalonia to get back our independence . 
  your natural answer would be sending the army in , as you 've always done , but , alas , no fuel for the tanks , no bullets for the soldiers , general cuts on the military . 
  c'mon , spain has little prestige left , many companies see the spanish branding as harmful , and it will only become worse as time goes by . 
  spain is returning to it 's natural position in europe , and baseless wishful thinking will not change that, 
  regionalism is kind of insulting ... is scotland a region of england ?? 
  i mean , tarragona is a province ( region ) of catalonia , but catalonia is not a region of spain , is an autonomous community ( federal state ), 
  actually this is one of the biggest obstacles in spain allowing us to be independent again , if catalonia leaves , it will certainly destabilize the whole levantine region , because catalan language and culture will have finally a strong state to support and promote it , so it will not be in danger anymore . 
  this will give new life to the balearic and valencian people and civic organizations that are struggling to mantain their native language . 
  also , the probable economic success of catalonia will be a great , great factor for the catalan speaking regions to resuming full commercial ties with catalonia , and in time that will made them friendlier to the idea of some kind of economic and political approach towards catalonia . 
  spain can do little to avoid that . 
  that 's why spain opposes much more to the idea of an independent catalonia than an independent basque country, 
  first of all , calm down . 
  yes , 8 % gnp is exploitation on a colonial level . 
  look , the mood among catalonia and spain is just very bad right now , personally , i attribute a part of it paradoxally to the introduction of internet in the last 15 years . 
  before that , catalans and spaniards could ' t really know what we thought of each other , but now you can go to forums , you can check the news and opinate , etcetc . 
  all the hate just spilled over . 
  and c'mon , the immigrants from andalusia and else did n't made 70 % of the population , and contrary to what you would like , the sons and daughters of that people are a major part of the new independentists now . 
  unlike spain , catalonia always promoted a positive integration in our society , and it worked so well we even had a president directly born in andalusia , it was not a problem . 
  the latest polls say a 51 % of catalans want independence right now , but the most interesting , the most apalling is that only 21 % would vote against it , that says quite something about your dreamed `` spanish fifth column '' in catalonia , is n't it ?? 
  look we want independence not only to just get away from your exploitation , i would add we need to get out to be a normal country , to be ourselves , without your robber royal family , your ultraconservative church , your pseudo fascist military , your super agressive nationalism that only wants to destroy what it does not understand , and also , off course , `` vuestra caspa y cutrerio generalizado '' . 
  good ridance to you and all of that, 
  `` regional '' tensions are on an all time high , specially in catalonia . 
  it 's definitely a possibility that the frontiers in spain will look very different in two years . 
  more than a revolution per se , a breakup is more probable , because of the economic situation, 
  would n't portugal be stronger if unified with spain ?? 
  there seems to be quite a lot of people in your country that thought so . 
  sorry but i 'm just quite irritated by your comments , how can you be so insensitive with the history of your country related to spain ? 
  did you learn in school that the tercios did n't went full force in portugal in your war of independence because of our war of independence ?? 
  this is crazy ( although the spanish themselves now seem to regret choosing catalonia over portugal ) . 
  and btw , the union of spain , as it exists now , does not come from the xv century , but from the resolution of the spanish succession war , in 1714 , yes , some years later than scotland . 
  c'mon , you got independence just because spain decided to focus on catalonia on the 1640 war , do n't talk as if you were always a distinguished and independent nation . 
  i 'm so surprised that a nation that has been eclipsed , and conquered by spain so many times you have such an ignorance of the catalan matter, 
  good morning from the very english city of inverness, 
  he was just making fun of catalonia , should create a scumbag godzilla0815 meme soon, 
  `` endavant cap a la independ\u00e8ncia '' forwards towards independence !, 
  good translation . 
  but the idiom is not used exclusively for the inmigrants . 
  it is mostly directed towards anyone that takes profit of your good faith to make you harm . 
  i like the `` wrechts '' part, 
  upvoted for the translation effort, 
  era ta mare , la truja, 
  that says a lot about the portuguese . 
  unlike the spanish you * actually * got rid of the fascists and constructed a democracy in your country . 
  spain is going back to its own origins ; ultraconservative , violent and backwards , that 's why we need a way out, 
  i 'm sorry for the remarks against all the portuguese , but really , this kind of people get on my nerves , they come to our country , and then dedicate themselves to difamate and critisize us , and even he is cynical enough to say that he loves the catalan people . 
  barcelona would not exist as it does without the catalan culture and way of life , for example . 
  off catalans get angry at him . 
  he gives no argument at all , only make empty and insulting remarks . 
  catalonia contributes to one third of the wealth in the spanish state , that is the main reason they do n't want us to be independent . 
  they hate us so much , yet they need our money , this is a critical difference with scotland . 
  we already know there will not be a peaceful separation ; there will be no war , but the economic studies the catalan institutions are doing right now already take into account heavy comercial boycotts by the spanish government and society towards an independent catalonia btw , east timor was n't your responsability , at least a little bit ? 
  it was something similar to spain and the western sahara  our problem is that spain and most of the spanish civil society actively undermines any recognition of catalonia internationally . 
  well , many people tend to forget that it was a * spanish fascist-nationalist * dictatorship , so it was different in madrid than in barcelona . 
  in catalonia there was a sense of military occupation . 
  in spain there are different peoples with different cultures , even more different from each other than what you find in the uk or canada , but since the spanish government has followed a violently centrist policy for the last hundred years , this situation is not well known outside . 
  you 'll get surprised of how many rivalries and hate there is among the `` spanish people '' , you would n't believe . 
  some people want to get out , and some others are ready to use the violence to keep them in . 
  and this is in western europe as of 2012, 
  the main difference between catalonia and scotland is that while the uk is an established and confident democracy , spain is a country forged in war , who does not have a clear identity . 
  while in the uk there are the acts of union , in spain there are the rights of conquest . 
  couple that with a spanish society that has never really fully embraced democracy as a prime value of the nation building process , and then you have something very different from nothern europe . 
  two months ago , one of the spain 's `` father 's of the constitution '' joked about how spain should have kept portugal in the spanish empire while letting go catalonia , because then spain would be much better off . 
  he said that in the national meeting of spanish lawyers , in madrid ( i believe ) , he went on saying that `` in the past we had to bomb barcelona many times , i hope we should not have to do that any more '' . 
  by this point the entire catalan delegation stand up and leaved , about 30 lawyers , but most of the attendants just laughed and applauded . 
  if someone thinks this is a healthy , plural , and democratic society , i just do n't understand . 
  i could comment many other recent conflicts , like the economic boycott promoted by a part ofthe spanish civil society against catalan products , massive protests against the catalan language policy , etc. 
  do n't you find it strange that whenever there is some news or comments about catalan nationalism or identity there are massive downvotes or negative comments ? 
  well , i do , catalans have the same right to exist as anyone else, 
  please , ask him to explain the situation to the catalans here on reddit , we will apreciate a foreigner 's vision of why we ca n't be independent, 
  hope you fail the assignment , and also that you explain * the situation * to everyone here, 
  very tipical of the portuguese emigrant . 
  i do not believe you love `` catalonia and it 's people '' at all . 
  can you explain to everyone here why catalonia will not be independent ? 
  i hate it when people from countries that had it so rough to be independent pester on the ones that want to but could n't . 
  why do you think portugal got independent in the 1640 's ?? 
  maybe the spanish tercios in the iberian peninsula were busy somewhere else ? 
  in catalonia maybe ?? 
  you will have a very hard time finding a more welcoming people than the catalans in wester europe , specially with so much racism against the portuguese . 
  if the last spanish and catalan general elections serve as an example , most of the people in catalonia is `` heavily nationalist '' . 
  do you think than in portugal you can organize a non binding referendum about anything , with absolutely no support from the public institutions , no media attention , heavy criticism , and still have a 30-35 % turnout ?? 
  i doubt it very much . 
  can you also have peaceful and reivindicative 1300000 strong demonstrations ?? 
  what do you really know about catalonia ? 
  do you speak catalan , have catalan ( people that respects and agrees with our culture & traditions ) friends ? 
  why , why catalonia 's independence made no sense , but scotland does ? 
  because one case was a peaceful anexation , and the other was a war of conquest ?? 
  so the right of conquest prevails now in europe ? 
  i 'm sorry but i think you are an asshole who should n't discuss the right of other peoples in today 's europe , or whenever , to be free, 
  where are you from ?
