  nevertheless i do n't know why you waste your time answering me , we do n't have much to discuss , you represent the spain the independentists are trying to distance our country from ; let the politicians speak , from my part , i do n't have anything further to say to you, 
  but this is the issue , to say that * `` catalonia has been a fully functional and normal part of the kingdom of spain since the borbons managed to get their french hands on carlos ii inheritance '' * just show that the person saying it does not know very much about the history of catalonia or the country that would be spain . 
  i do n't blame the cause of this ignorance because i acknowledge there is not too much info available in english and spain is a very obscure topic anyway ( not too many spaniards know the history of their own country beyond some myths ) . 
  i have a ba on history by one of the best spanish universities , the university of barcelona , whose research is widely respected internationally and i can tell when i 'm faced with the permanent myths of the history of spain ( the `` reconquista '' , the `` catholic monarchs '' , `` franco era '' etcetc ) . 
  i agree , there is little reason to bring up old ( like hundreds of years old , not the modern ones ) grudges or essentialist arguments . 
  el pais just brought up this argument now because they are hysterical about pedro sanchez winning and they wanted to distract their readers with something which is guaranteed to angry them , such as this `` filtration '' on the catalan independence issue . 
  that is more like it , but you can lose the `` seems '' , c'mon , it is a ridiculous ploy by a ridiculous newspaper, 
  can i be as ignorant as your history as you are of ours ? 
  if you know no shit , why even comment on it ? 
  if you ask me , this is what 40 years of fascist brainwashing do to a society . 
  not everyone in spain is against the referendum or even recognizing the plurinational nature of the state ( i.e many on podemos , but not only ) , but beyond a very brave minority , this is what we have, 
  would el pa\u00eds or el mundo be more reliable ? 
  delaying tactics , the president did n't bite, 
  ah , imagine , milions of fools , sheepherded around by some corrupt politicians . 
  pity us , pity us , world !, 
  you know, 
  most catalans , regardless of the issue of independence , are staunch republicans or at leaat anti bourbon ( a healthy characteristic in any human being , btw , that family is a curse ), 
  oh stop it already , it is more than clear that he has no idea about what hes talking , do not undulge his ignorance, 
  just wanted to point out the most extremely obvious , anyways that redditor is kinda histerical always , it makes no sense to speak to him directly about this, 
  let 's note that except `` europapress '' all the newspapers the other redditor quoted are quite ravenously unionist , from more to less : - el mundo/el pais = a tie actually , since their attention is divided between catalan independentism and any leftist politician they want to shit on at the moment , which varies ) . 
  oh and venezuelaaaaaaaa . 
  - el periodico = quite irrelevant ( according to the number of readers ) but still the director has quite an axe to grind - la vanguardia = conservative and against independence , the most read newspaper in catalonia but still not the most ravenous ( the other areas of the media group , however , are mostly proindependence , especially the radio , rac1 , which is by far the one with the most audience ) . 
  its cute how reflective of turkey all those `` ban those fake media news outlets are '' . 
  vilaweb , elnacional , etc are more ridiculous than el pais / el mundo / abc / la razon ? 
  so we just should ban all the proindy newspapers because they do n't like them ? 
   yesterday it was announced that a joint tour of puigdemont and the flemish nationalist politician in morocco was suddenly cancelled because no one in morocco wanted to meet them and the whole agenda was blank . 
  ahahaha , yeah , it was * suddenly * cancelled , the spanish foreign ministry has nothing to do with that , right ? 
  btw , most independentists are 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants , you must be on the minority who does n't want a referendum, 
  yours was the best , it inspired us to do our own back in 2013, 
  everything 's fine in barcelona so far, 
  the federalist option has very little support currently in catalonia , just 20 mp s of 135 support it , with a majority of independentists . 
  federation would have been an option in the 70s , but currently is both undesired and unfeasible in spain and catalonia . 
  the thing is , spain does not want it , it doesn t have any support , and it s just natural it doesn t. 
  ciu is unhappy , leftist independentists are really happy, 
  well , you know , `` rebentar reddit des de dins '' and all that, 
  txampion , you are back !, 
  nationalism incompatible with what the left stands for ?? 
  why vomit such amount of bullshit right now ? 
  he 's against the right of the catalans to choose their own future ? 
  fine , just say it , javier , and get it over with . 
  with perez-reverte i thought we have the `` writer turned obnoxious populist politician '' stereotype covered , you prove me wrong, 
  as long as you keep your personal jihad on reddit all will be ok, 
  the greeks are the agressors ? 
  the turks didn t exactly take constantinople by a hearts & minds campaigns , right ? 
  what about the greek war of independence ? 
  was that an agression too ?? 
  you can then blame all the peoples that fighted for freedom in this earth . 
  yes , but the whole greco-turkish coflisct goes back many centuries ago , almost a thousand years ] and it has been going on since then, 
  well yes , the greeks wanted to take back what the turks had taken before by war and looting , history goes far back in anatolia . 
  if the west hadn t betrayed the byzantines the turks will still be in the steppes of central asia , and the whole middle east clusterfuck would not exist, 
  wow , you really have no idea , do n't you ? 
  greece and turkey at peace for centuries ... amazing documentation there, 
  he just told you world war 2 in europe, 
  i love berri too, 
  from the spanish state , while remaining in the eu . 
  states still have overwelming power inside their frontiers , and it s better to have some independence , at least to be able to defend your culture and identity than remaining inside a country that does not respect you only wants you for the money, 
  all the independentist parties in spain , wether catalan or basque , are strongly pro-european , and certainly they are not ultranationalist , the only far right ultranationalist parties in spain are spanish nationalist-unionist , ( democracia nacional , falange , espa\u00f1a 2000 , movimiento social republicano and all the other miriad of neonazi and fascist spanish nationalist parties ) this is crazy, 
  nono , castille does not have a border with france , and that isolation from europe is one of the main factors in the development of castillian and later spain . 
  catalonia ran it 's own course , and the sea and the closeness to the frontier also shaped it as a nation . 
  nowadays you can say that the old castille has a frontier with france because aragon is completely converted into a province of castille , with the same language and culture . 
  the piece of frontier they have is kind of depopulated though , and it 's too costly to develop , hence the effort to impulse the mediterranian corridor, 
  well , catalonia had a mediterranean port and something more valuable than ore , which was the frontier with france ( longer at that time since northern catalonia was not yet `` gifted '' to the french, 
  off course they fought like lions , but the thing is that spain decided to concentrate its resources in catalonia , as it was considered a more stategically valuaboe territory ( although with a far more hostile populace ), 
  he s probably a 2nd generation spanish immigrant , my 2cents, 
  i cn t wait for the `` massive '' demonstration that the unionist parties are preparing for he 12 october in barcelona . 
  that will show the doubtfull who s who, 
  in spain they call it `` la guerra de separaci\u00f3n '' ( the war of secession ) . 
  the irony is that spain has a better relationship now with portugal than with catalonia . 
  as one leading spanish politician and `` father of the constitution '' said : `` we should have let go of the bloody catalans and keep portugal '', 
  deu vos guard txampion !, 
  the few catalans that remain true to their heritage are fiercely in favor of the independence of the principate ( south or spanish catalonia ) , as they should . 
  after all , an independent catalonia would guarantee that their language survives and has an state to look after it, 
  this is not only an economic problem , it is a political one as well, 
  yeah , austrian assholes do n't murder their sisters in honour killings , they just chain their daughters in a hidden subterranean dungeon and rape them to oblivion for 24 years http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritzl_case, 
  * `` stupid cunt has been stupid '' * i still do n't understand how you can justify the slapping of anyone by those crazy religious nutjobs and still get any upvotes, 
  i will go to vote anyways , we 'll decide our own future for our own country, 
  you are too harsh , i would say the french just absolutely suck period, 
  and you are a very chauvinist fr ... enchman, 
  he is a well known nut bag , he was actually forced to step down from the catalan pp because of his radicalism , now he mostly participates in the far right fringe of the political debates in spain . 
  he never forgived he was forced to retire from the chairmanship, 
  calm down , actually spain did n't became the nation is it now until 1714 , not 1492 , the crown of aragon was united to the castille crown for much longer than portugal was , but was just the same , a dinastic union , not a true union of countries , portugal 's institutions and lawas remained the same , as it happened with catalonia . 
  what happened in 1640 is that the spanish empire decided to concentrate in catalonia , so portugal could muster more resources to regain independence . 
  i think more people in portugal should be sympathetic to the cause of the catalans , after all , if by coincidence , both our independence wars happened at the same time , although with tragic consequences for us, 
  at least it will take out the * inner enemy * factor . 
  up until now , the catalans have been the `` jewish '' card in spain , an enemy everyone could despise and unite against , independently of political affiliation . 
  if the catalans regaain theirindependence the will be a major , major reshuffling of the spanish identity , since it will not have any tension to tame its true self , who knows , there may even be a reinforced call to reunite with portugal , as many people suggests . 
  some in the high hyerarchy of spanish politics already lamented that spain choose to keep catalonia and let go of portugal in 1640 . 
  actually i feel for the madrid demonstrators , since to try to reform spain is a truly daunting task , some would say hopeless . 
  the one advantage the catalans have is that they are uniting in the project of the independence , which creates a sense of optimism in this sullen times , i just hope the threats of the spanish army are empty , but sadly i would not take out the possibility of an army coup , of at least an attempt , if the secession succedes, 
  well , as you can see , user `` charo '' deleted the message , which was very , very agressive and even racist , you could ask him/her for some respect in this discussion . 
  it 's all ok to be proud of being a spaniard , just as it 's ok to be ashamed of being one, 
  spain is about the only country in wester europe that will not hesitate to send in troops against their own population , specially if they do n't consider them `` their own '', 
  the basque country has never been a major problem for spain , as insane as this may seem , a former spanish prime minister ( felipe gonzalez , he was in office for more than 20 years ) said that while the basque terrorism was a `` public order problem '' , the catalan pacific independentist movement was the `` main an existential problem of spain '' . 
  i 'm so glad to read your comment , i do n't know why so many portuguese i know are totally ignorant of catalonia , although both our nations rebelled at the same time ( 1640 ), 
  we 'll see what happens this 11-s , it would be a massive claim for independence for sure, 
  an almost complete translation of the interview here http://www.helpcatalonia.cat/2012/08/spanish-army-colonel-threatens.html, 
  a wake up call, 
  it seems that this and all the other catalanophobic comments all in twitter are finally being reported to the police , it was about time, 
  if the majority of catalans share your opinions on identity , why more than 80 % of the catalan parliament is formed by catalanist parties , except c 's and the pp ?? 
  and unlike in spain , catalans value greatly their cultural diversity , such as the vall d'aran , whose inhabitants are not catalan , but occitan ( the only place int he world where occitan is an official language is in catalonia , no , not only in the vall d'aran area , but all of catalonia , that 's right , so if you are in say , barcelona , you can ask to be attended in occitan by the public services ) .
