  also the same history that is supposed to prestigiate the kings in spain is the main factor for catalans to hate them , the first bourbon imposed absolutism in catalonia through a bloody terrible war and then destroyed the catalan constitutional regime , we have hated the dynasty ever since, 
  but the thing is the current branch of bourbon kings that rule in spain isnt old or traditional at all , they were out of power for almost 50 years, 
  also the flag is not the `` autonomic '' one , but the independentist ( the one with the star ), 
  well , we know pretty well what real anarchism is here in barcelona , since it is the only place in the world were it was applied massively at all levels . 
  self defense is necessary against repression , but so is dialogue and above all , non violence actions, 
  pretty sure he was being sarcastic , obviously you know nothing about can vies, 
  you forget catalan independentists too , can vies is an important center of the independentist left of catalonia maybe satan , belzebub and other demons of hell too, 
  yes , but i was mostly concerned by the identity issues , fn , being a parafascist party is very dangerous for the national minorities in france , and i am not talking about the immigrants and the muslims . 
  i am talking about the occitans , catalans , basques , bretons , etc , which have already a hard live mantaining their cultures and identities under the jacobines ... imagine then with the fundamentalist thughs of the fn that want to impose their culture on everyone, 
  yeah ... things are quite shaky down here, 
  yeah , they want reichkommissariats all over the continent, 
  spain is about to burst , its totally different from italy and portugal . 
  if you are french , this is just a perfect example of why the fn won . 
  how can you be so ignorant of your neighbours ? 
  i meant that upyd are populist right , not like ciu , which are center-right ( very moderate ) . 
  also ciu is a catalan party , upyd is a new party centered in madrid by an ex socialist leader, 
  you forget that one of their main points is the promise to support a referendum on independence in catalonia ( or anywere else , but by know specifically catalonia ) it was the second point on their manifesto, 
  no way like ceu ( ciu ) they are more like center-right populists ( with an emphasis on `` populism '' ), 
  hahahahah where do i start , by the racism and authoritarianism of rosa diez , the snobbism , homophobia and general thugishness of of their candidates ( toni cant\u00f3 ) ... how is it that upyd main supporters are the far right media ? 
  they 're always on there ( libertad digital , intereconomia , 13tv ) . 
  i still remember when rosa diez lost the catalan elections against famous transexual carmen de mairena , she blamed all catalans and said that ours was a `` sick society '' . 
  not exactly the words of a progressive , tolerant person . 
  pablo iglesias , the headspokesman for podemos , on the other hand , is a true leftist , that does not hide and consequently , support the right to self determination of the different people 's of spain it seems also that upyd has not fooled any leftist in spain this elections . 
  `` regionalism '' ??? 
  the partido aragones is regionalist . 
  erc ( epdd at the euroelections ) is very explicitly independentist . 
  independentist parties have won an overwelming majority in catalonia this elections and no amount of insults and name changing is going to change that . 
  oh , and you can put `` podemos '' in the `` regionalist '' camp too , since they fully support the self determination of the different nations of spain, 
  as a catalan , i m very relieved syriza won the elections , i think that its victory is a first step towards a better future about tsiparas ( or tsipras , dont recall now ) i don t feel so happy . 
  i watched the debate and was extremely dissappointed when he compared the catalan independentist to the far right , it was a huge mistake , since most catalan independentists are not only leftists , but many even are part of the coalition tsiparas went to the euro parliament . 
  the independentist left has won the elections in catalonia , this will have huge implications not only for spain but for europe too . 
  if i was greek i would have voted syriza , even despite tsiparas, 
  in catalonia the independentist left ( not eurosceptic ) have won the elections ( last time was in 1931 ), 
  but i think they are eroesceptic in a `` bildu '' kind of way , which franly is ok for me . 
  i 'll vote for the most honest independentist option, 
  well , i did n't meant `` intensity '' like that , i meant more if you studied it with a particular detail . 
  i was curious because it is an important date in our country too ( catalonia ) , that same year ( 1640 ) we declared independence too , but spain , facing a war on two fronts , decided to concentrate on us ( the strategical situation being what it was at the moment ) . 
  i can tell you many spaniards wish they had concentrated in portugal, 
  one question , do you study the year 1640 ( and around ) with any particular intensity in portugal ? 
  `` whites '' ... 
  which nationalities are we actually talking about , or at least broader regions ( western , north , southern europe ? ), 
  remember that erc doesn t go alone this elections . 
  too bad the cup decided not to participate , then i don t really have any other option , i m for one just vote thinking on the `` monotema '', 
  you should know more about france then, 
  subordinated to spain until november 2014, 
  `` barcelona posa ' t guapa '' after effects, 
  exactly what i was thinking, 
  they are legion i 'm from barcelona, 
  do not forget that not all of europe is in this mood . 
  in catalonia and scotland there s actual hope for s better future ( independence movements ), 
  it would be also highly detrimental to the minority cultures and languages of the world . 
  its a very naive idea to think of a language that will be embraced by everyone . 
  a lingua franca ( as english is now ) ? 
  i m in favour . 
  a global language ? 
  no bloody way . 
  language is a huge part of a culture , and in a tolerant and integrated world diversity should be cherished and promoted , not attacked, 
  ah ... hope i could downvote you a hundred times, 
  me too, 
  yes it is a dialect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andalusian_spanish, 
  do not forget majorcan , minorcan , ibizan and formenteran ( besides valencian and lapao , off course ) i speak all of these languages , plus catalan, 
  13 milion people speak catalan in spain , so it makes sense, 
  its because the different nations in spain consider their respective tongues ( catalan , basque and galician ) as their mother tongue , and spanish as a first foreign language, 
  just like the attack on the catalan government office in madrid on our national day ( 11-s ) , this kind of acts are done to advance the cause of the responsible group ( very likely a spanish nationalist-far right organization , who are the usual culprits in these kind of acts ) . 
  you can read the comments here and see that the spaniards who actually condemn the act are in a minority ; had this happened in england , or scotland , i am sure there would have been universal condemnation ; this is not our case . 
  its ethnic hate , nothing new , but yet terrifying . 
  that there 's lots of deniers commenting here jsut makes it more obvious . 
  do n't worry , these maketos would never dare to touch the gernikako arbola , impossible . 
  the good thing is that the pi de les tres branques is actually dead , and so it can be reattached easily , and also , near the pi there 's another one ( with three trunks also ) called the `` pi jove '' , which is alive , so meanwhile celebrations can go on there . 
  i also think it is disgusting , but yoiu know better than i they are ready to do wathever they can to try to provoque us into some violence that will serve as an excuse to criminalise our process . 
  now the pi de les tres branques show a v for victory , the same we will create this 11-s with a 2 milion strong demonstration in barcelona http://www.europapress.es/nacional/noticia-anc-trazara-ciudadana-votar-victoria-gran-via-diagonal-diada-20140405160435.html, 
  ok , vozbcn , a fringe ( especially compared with vilaweb , ara.cat or other catalan newspapers ) , ciudadanos-affiliated news outlet commenting on an incident of four and a half years ago on rosa diez , who was widely critisized for provoquing the incident to get media notoriety , which she failed to do . 
  btw , on those elections rosa diez got less votes than carmen de mairena , and then blamed it on the whole catalan society , which , as she saw it , was `` blind and ill '' . 
  oh , and opossition to upyd and rosa diez is also ideological , in fact , she 's not very popular in many universities : http://www.larazon.es/detalle_hemeroteca/noticias/la_razon_337348/4692-la-complutense-recibe-a-rosa-diez-entre-abucheos-y-bombas-fetidas#.u3kcyvl_sxw ( note that this is la razon reporting , to keep it in your political spectrum ) boadella gets insulted by someone in a forum ( estat catala , a party so tiny it doesnt even participates in elections any more , last time was 2004 ) , gets an apology , and this is equal to daily insults and death threats against the whole of the catalan society . 
  oh , and you are right not to like him , he tries to pose as anarchist , a buffon against all authority , and the first thing he did when he `` had to flee '' catalonia ( he even wrote a book were he vomited all his repressed hate , i read it ) was to be appointed director of the `` teatros del canal '' in madrid , hand-picked personally by the `` lideresa '' esperanza aguirre . 
  all of this while becoming a regular on the plural and democratic debates of libertad digital , intereconomia and 13 tv , what a guy , a true anarchist if you have some examples related with what we are speaking about ( supposed reciprocity in violent acts between spanish far right nationalists and general catalan independentists ) , and that are not years old , that would be nice . 
  but as i 've told you , you 'll be hard pressed to find anything , as i 've told you , while the regular catalan independentist are the normal people in the street , the regular spanish nationalist are either fascist , or neonazi , or any kind of similar beast , just as in germany and japan . 
  most spaniards who are left leaning are definitely not nationalist , and most of the ones who are more conservative reject this kind of violence . 
  this kind of situation sucks , i was living in asia for many years and this happened all the time, 
  yes ? 
  can you tell me of some equivalents to these kind of actions made by catalan independentists ? 
  assaulting spanish government offices , death threats , destroying national symbols in spain ? 
  mirrored how ? 
  oh , and this guy , pere navarro , the leader of the catalan psoe that denounced `` terrific tensions on the catalan society fabric '' because of the independence process ; well , they found the woman that `` attacked him '' and as everyone suspected , it had nothing to do with independence but an old feud from when he was mayor . 
  so yeah , the `` tension '' strategy seems that is fai , ing, 
  you ll be surprised of the amount of hate against catalonia some spaniards feel . 
  its like the neonazi attack against the catalan office in madrid , or the thousands of tweets with nice messages like `` catalan speaking children should have been drowned when they were born '' . 
  pure love if you want more info on the tweets thing , check @despertemelpoble and apuntem.cat ( the last one is usually down , but you might just get lucky ) . 
  i called the spanish police once to denounce some of the messages i read there , but they wouldn t do anything, 
  the thing is that most of the bile , threats and general tantrums are always coming only from one side . 
  be it violent far right assaults on the catalan government office in madrid , or destroying catalan flag poles in some mountains , or cutting down our national symbols . 
  compared with this , we had several demonstrations with literally milions of people in attendance and no one was hurt , not a single bin was burned , and in general it was everything done in a civic and festive ambience . 
  with this i am not sayong that all spaniards are bad , or fanatics , just that as in germany and japan ( and contrary to catalonia , or scotland ) , progressive , left leaning people are not usually nationalists , and then , spanish nationalists are usually on the extreme right of the political spectrum . 
  the attack has been done , very likely , by some spanish nationalists ( far right or neonazis , the typical bunch ) with the aim of hurting the independence process , or in vengeance for us `` hurting the honor of spain '', 
  great , i just hope they are satisfied with this and don t start hurting people, 
  what is controversial about the spot ? 
  and that 's just why i stopped answering the last time . 
  are you an actual historian or anthropologist ( or sociologist ) ? 
  then why you insist so damn much on issues you do not have an understanding about ? 
  you just ridicule it all the time without putting any weight under on your claims .
