  i read the pro and the anti press , i follow with whom the government has meetings and follow when an international party ( like the communist party of china ) supports the catalan referendum . 
  does that people do the same ? 
  usually not , but then they say `` you do n't matter to anyone '' , which is obviously false , because if there was no international interest the catalan government would never have gotten as far as announcing a unilateral referendum for independence, 
  yeah i was just answering his nonsense , my bad, 
  and you just confirmed what i was saying , thanks, 
  wrong subreddit mate, 
  yeah look and switzerland , at norway , at iceland , they are all doing terrible for themselves . 
  i 'm sure spain will be totally ok without its major airport , the second biggest port , a good chunck of its industry and the major land routes to europe . 
  spain will be totally fine , it will not default immediately , it will be able to pay its ginormous debt . 
  but catalonia , ha !, 
  they will be totally screwed , as the spanish foreign minister said , they will be `` roaming around in outer space for centuries to come '', 
  one of the most interesting results of the independence process has been the total discredit of the 1978 's constitutional order . 
  i do n't think there are too many catalans that have a real respect for the constitution and its defenders right now . 
  look at the constitutional tribunal . 
  also , was n't the 2006 estatut constitutional ? 
  i mean it was aproved by the spanish parliament and by the senate , in addition to being voted in a legal and binding referendum , yet it was completely trashed because of purely political reasons . 
  i do n't think that from that point on there is much respect for what `` constitutional '' means in spain, 
  well , the answer is what we are doing right now , try very hard for a compromise but if there is no answer whatsoever we move on anyways because we consider ourselves a nation with enough sovereignity to decide our own future without having to ask for the permission of those who do n't even want to negotiate terms, 
  yeah , screw the norwegians , and the chzechs , and the slovenians , and the scots for that matter !, 
  erm , you clearly have not much knowldedge of the culture and history of contemporary spain , that would be like asking the turks to organise a kurdish referendum of independence . 
  there may be turks in favour of it , but it would be impossible to convince the majority because most of them are convinced that the kurds are not a separate people anyways but just a bunch of lowlifes and criminals, 
  yes , absolutely , the eu will allow spain to go down the drain and loss its main port , airport and land routes to europe , as well as most of its industry . 
  the eu will not allow catalonia to leave the eu even if it wants . 
  just as they did n't allow greece out ( even though economically is a mess ) , or portugal and now are fighting tooth and nail against brexit . 
  nobody in catalonia is scared about not being allowed into the eu, 
  i really , really hope so , but i 'm afraid we 'll be forced to stay in the eu , sadly, 
  i do n't know if the sudetes are still as important to germany though ... well , keep practicing the goosteps and hold that swasticha high . 
  but catalonia has already said it would like for free movement of people and cargo to remain as it is now . 
  its spain who has threatened with a total embargo, 
  so spain will be left with one of its major ports , one of its major airports , the main land routes to europe . 
  i 'm sure that 's not gon na hurt the spanish economy at all, 
  spain can not veto catalonia 's entrance to the efta , and its capacity for pressuring it is , as they say , limited . 
  are you a graduate from ena ? 
  do you have any diplomatic training ? 
  do french poliy makers see the situation in catalonia as similar to that of corsica ? 
  does the independence of catalonia represents a threat to french interests or an oportunity ? 
  how was president puigdemont received in southern france several months ago ? 
  who received him ? 
  was the visit denounced or rebuked by french high authorities ? 
  i think your answer to most of these questions is `` i have no fucking idea about anything related to the catalonia independence issue and how it relates to france '' . 
  is quebec or scotland similar to corsica c'mon, 
   spain is a full fledged western democracy this is not what many spanish people think but it is how the spanish elites want their country to be seen as, 
  which is what we will do in the end and what we are preparing for, 
  only spain is not china , and its influence is quite limited . 
  spain is a third rate country ( if first rate are the g8 and second rate are countries such as the netherlands , the nordics and the like ) with a five rate foreign policy . 
  they can try to bully some countries and beg to others , but they have not much leverage overall if some country sees advantages in having relations with us, 
  oh and we do ? 
  do you know many catalans actually want out of the eu ? 
  personally i 'm rooting for it, 
  well we care , and when we win the referendum who do you think will come in her knees to beg us to stay ?? 
  something something merkel, 
  it 's quite tragic that only people that has suffered the same as us can demonstrate even a modicum of empathy . 
  you make me keep my faith for a little while more, 
  if anything spain is like the united kingdom , not like france , with the difference that `` unity '' was obtained through war and not trough treaty, 
  i think you found the russian, 
  and what if you ask like 18 times , having an absolute majority in your parliament for it , and the central government still does not aproves and what 's more , refuses to even consider talking about it ? 
  because that 's the situation we have here, 
  well , you are proudly part of it , and i 'm sure most of the people in your region it 's also . 
  this has a lot to do with one 's identity, 
   catalonia is n't norway , they need to be part of something else . 
  too poor ( or better not sufficiently wealthy ) and too small to be out of the eu . 
  yes catalonia is n't norway , but is it `` poorer and smaller '' than portugal , greece , the czech republic or slovenia ? 
  most german answer ever haahah, 
  or unionist, 
  which nationalists , the ones who control the spaish parliament , the army , the media , etc , or the catalan ones ? 
  i see you got wifi installed down in the fuhrerbunker , good for you !, 
  personally i 'm against remaining in the eu , but sadly i think they will not let us go . 
  look how are they fighting brexit and how greece , despite being a disaster , was allowed to stay ... 
  the problem with many spaniards who `` inform '' themselves on how the independence process is viewed in catalonia is that you just inform yourselves through spanish media and spanish speaking media at that . 
  i read both sides , then get an opinion . 
  your argument is so misinformed as to be unbelievable , nobody in catalonia thinks that , nobody in the independence camp , only some rabid unionists, 
  it 's always nice to get an outsider 's pov, 
  no , and that 's what makes the spanish government position so difficult and the support to independence as high as it is, 
  we also had bloody wars of independence and too many rebellions to count , yet the political developement of `` spain '' has been sadly really worse than that of the uk , and its relationship with its own constituent nations has also been quite the shit , so much that we have reached the current state . 
  well , it does n't matter much what you think , today the date and question of the referendum will be revealed and we 'll have the vote , and we are going to carry on with the consequences , wathever they may be . 
  well many of them come from the guardia civil and policia nacional , the mossos are not exactly a * people 's militia * of catalonia, 
  have you thought about an internship at the pp hq ?? 
  it is said they pay very well , and free of taxes ( still must have some of those barcenas envelopes around ) . 
  and if you run into any trouble , do n't fret , you 'll have the public prosecutor on your side !, 
  to be fair there are overwemingly more comments against catalonia or directly hating catalans than vice-versa for the very simple reason that anti spanish comments in catalan society are just not tolerated, 
  ditto that, 
  i 'm gona bet that we are having a calm , civil conversation without name calling and acusations , which i 'm really thankful for . 
  ok , as far as it 's known , the main reason catalonia is not independent since 2015 is because the international recognition was promised but it was n't assured , and the government being very cautious , they decided to wait and work more on this front . 
  off course we can speak about the results of the elections and percentages , and i 'm all for it , but as i 've said before i 'm in for a rational conversation . 
  so , as far as we know , and as an independentist i want to know as little as possible , the government has been working very , very hard on the diplomatic arena , and this task acomplished , this is why they are now pushing square on for the referendum , wether it is agreed or unilateral . 
  off course one can take comfort on the thought that nobody 's going to recognise catalonia , the catalan government woul n't move a finger if they did n't had that aspect under some degree of control . 
  the scenario that you put on the table is the one our government and related agencies and support groups have been working on for years , more than any other . 
  personally i 'm not going to explain in any detail how the negotiations went or which countries have been contacted , you can discover that for yourself looking around on the internet or just laugh at it , at this point it does n't matter very much . 
  off course the financial aspect of independence has been and is being worked on , exhaustively , otherwise we would never have reached the current stage , but for different reasons both parties are not interested in explaining it too much ,, 
  nah i 'm sorry mate , i have nothing against you and i apologize for my rudeness i just told you that because i though that would be the fastest way for you to answer me so i could block you , i know no other way ( yes i 'm stupid i ca n't reddit very well ) to do it . 
  i 'm just blocking users un r/europe when i see that the debater knows nothing about catalonia or is not up to a rational , polite debate ( `` catalonia is just a region '' , `` you do n't exist '' , `` we are better because abc '' , `` scotland is a and you are c '' , etcetcet ) . 
  i did n't got a ba in history to be debating on this low level forever with people that does n't know better so seriuously , i 'm sorry for being so rude , it was n't intended as a personal insult , just a cheap ploy to be able to block you as fast as possible . 
  my sincere ( ** no irony ** ) apologies, 
  anti-self determination `` leftist '' i think that is already invented , it 's called fascism ( sure you know already ), 
  you must hate the sinn fein , poor bastard, 
  that will come later , first will come the democratic confrontation which will be the popular response to any physical challenge to the celebration of the referendum . 
  because what will happen if spain decides to suspend the catalan government but everybody disobeys ? 
  its not as easy as `` arrest everyone '' because you ll have milions of people disobeying the state , just like the 9-n . 
  i 'm following everything from both sides ( something only pro independence people seems to do ) and right know we are starting to have debates on how to answer a possible repressive action from the state , not `` what to do with the taxes '' . 
  as i 've told another redditor , in case there is a referendum ( agreed or unilateral ) more than 90 % of the people will accept the results , because we are civilised people and everyones agrees we need to solve this issue through a democratic vote .
