  i think anti-independence people should try to rise a motion in the eu parliament for it to try to block the kurdish independence referendum this september , who knows what other separatists may feel emboldened by that, 
  please let 's let this comment at 666 upvotes exactly, 
  brace for impact , my friend, 
  the spanish anthem has lyris too , but since they are a * tad * fascist it was decided to remove them although many people still sing the anthem with the lyrics , what a jolly bunch, 
  just as with any other comparable referendum ( like quebec or scotland ) you win with a +1 vote . 
  a democratic society accepts the results of its elections because it accepts is a manifestation of the popular will , of their fellow citizens . 
  the same polls that show an 80 % of catalans which would like a referendum ( i think that counts as an `` overwelming majority '' ) tells us than around 95 % ( do n't remember if it was a little more or a little less ) of people would accept the result of a referendum . 
  we are united by the will to celebrate a referendum and by the intention of respecting the results , wether that is yes or no to independence . 
  poor bastards do n't realise barcelona is actually one of the cities with big support for independence , they live in their fantasy of the `` rural backwards nationalists '' vs the `` spanish progressive city dwelers '', 
  that 's the plan , but only if spain comes to terms with us and negotiates peacefully, 
  well let 's say he is fully commited to the cause and has no further aspirations , he 's not a professional politician . 
  actually i can understand his position , he 's been rooting for independence all his life and now it 's about to happen ... just like me and many others , despite the verbal violence here in reddit , there is an overweling sensation of hope in catalonia these days, 
  the government should accept what the citizens decide , wether is independence or remaining in spain . 
  if more than 80 % of the people want a referendum , there is a parliamentary majority ( beyond jxsi + cup ) for the referendum and a continuated , massive claim for it , it would be normal that the spanish government at the very least consider entering talks . 
  and this is the choice of the pp government . 
  if the central government does not want to negotiate anything , then from a catalan pov we are more than legitimised to go on with a unilateral referendum , and this is what is happening right now . 
  you and i can discuss it here , off course , but i do n't think it is a very enriching conversation , beacause our positions are just too different . 
  we will have the referendum since this is the consensus that exist in the overwelming majority of the catalan people , if the spanish government agrees to negotiate it , perfect , if it does n't , we 'll do it our way, 
  well , the referendum will be legitimised by the amount of people actually going to vote , if its more than 50 % of the census and a majority votes for yes , independence is immediately proclaimed and our parliament reaches for the spanish governments for the terms of separation . 
  if the spanish government tries something more drastic other than the dirty war it has been doing until now ( you know , bribing people , planting false evidences , inventing crimes , etc ) like arresting our president or the government , or preventing people from getting to vote by force - the only way to stop it actually - well , then the parliament of catalonia may declare unilateral independence to guarantee a fair and safe referendum as soon as possible . 
  off course this option will include mass civil pacific disobedience , which we are prepared for . 
  in any case it 's gon na be a mess if the spanish government does n't come to terms, 
  as a catalan and as an independentist i can tell you we are going all for it . 
  in fact puigdemont has no political aspirations beyond getting catalonia independent and then he will retire , which is already a big blow to his party , that is in the middle of a leadership crisis . 
  yeah , he 's not chickening out , and neither are most independentists, 
  that does n't really answer the question . 
  if what spain wants , which is not to negotiate anything and just put catalan politicians and civil society leaders in jail , the consequences will be a unilateral independence , with the consequences i mentioned . 
  the eu does n't want spain to default , it ca n't afford it at any rate , so in case catalonia declared independence do you think they 'll just let all hell break loose or they will push for some kind of settlement ? 
  there is no other independence movement as strong as the catalan one ( btw most of the catalan independentist do not declare themselves as nationalists , and any poll done in the past five years supports this ) in europe save perhaps the scottish one . 
  the `` you will be expelled and that 's it , you have to reaply and blablabla '' does n't take into consideration the consequences for spain and in fact the eu , which would be very dire , in case a settlement is not reached . 
  right now what is clear is that the current spanish government does not want to negotiate under any circumstance , despite having been asked officially 18 times in the past few years, 
  please can you give us any example of a recently independized country being kicked out of the eu and asked to reapply ? 
  because the consequences of catalonia being just expelled will be more than catastrophic for spain , suddenly losing its main airport , second port , main land routes to europe , 20 % of the gdp , the best universities , ** the capability to pay off its humongous debt ** ( immediate default , which the eu has no way of bailing out ) etcetc . 
  while if there are some negotiations after indpendence the worst consequences may be avoided . 
  which one will the eu choose ? 
  oh please do n't ever come out of the cave least you turn into stone, 
  was i implying that you were spanish ? 
  i was suggesting you get your country , wathever it is , and promote active dissolution into your biggest neighbour , wathever that may be since `` in europe we should be reducing the importance of borders between our brotherhood of european nations . '', 
  you can start by actively promoting the dissolution of your country into your biggest neighbour , let 's see how far that gets you, 
  but the whole conversation is about catalan being a `` dialect '' , which is clearly not , since andorra has as its only official language catalan . 
  and what is a `` catalogna '' , you mean catalonia ? 
  and if you wanted some examples of what is happening right now you can read and hear this : http://www.publico.es/politica/operacion-catalunya-brigada-politica-interior.html http://www.publico.es/politica/periodistas-publico-comision-parlament-cloacas.html an illegal police brigade at the personal order of the minister of the interior ( the official police did n't know ) dedicated exclusively to invent crimes and scandals on catalan independentist politicans and civil society leaders . 
  it has been discovered that they planted false proof of fiscal fraud , tax evasion , false `` extramarital sons and daughters '' ( yeah crazy , but they tried ) , etc etc etc. 
  this case is being investigated by a comission of the catalan parliament and the spanish parliament right now . 
  so yeah , the interior minister , the official prosecutor , several newspapers and more high officials of spain are being accused of conspiracy against political oponents ( in this case , catalan independentists ), 
  erm ... catalan is the official language of a * member state * of the un , also in spain and everywhere it is fully recognised as a language by everyone and co-oficial in catalonia , val\u00e8ncia and the balearic islands . 
  is danish a language for you , or the dialect of the danes ? 
  furthemore is french a language or the dialect of the quebecoise ? 
  as far as i know sicilian is not spoken in the un because it 's not the official language of any member state seriously , ca n't you just recognise that you were wrong ? 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  you have your opinion , but i think it is fair not to think people which does n't share yours idiots . 
  of the hundreds of thousands of people actively working for independence , including those in government , international institutions and companies etc , do you really think they have n't thought about international recognition ? 
  do you think they have n't worked very hard toward this end ? 
  so many people in important positions in a myriad o areas have been working on this for years , and for what we know ( and we independentists do n't want to know a lot about this since secrecy and discretion plays to our advantage in this matter ) is that there are continuous reunions , meetings and contaxts , and the spanish diplomacy is really pressed in this matter , even calling it `` a parallel diplomacy '' . 
  off course you can keep thinking wathever you may , be sure of wathever you may . 
  to think no one in europe will recognise catalonia because it may led to the bolstering of separatism is an extremely weak argument based on political fantasies and comparisons , like corsica getting independent , as if it was as important to france as catalonia is to spain , or the padania ( a made up region btw ) separating from italy , or whatever else . 
  you just called catalan to be a dialect of spanish , i do n't know where did you got that idea, 
  can we use catalan language in the spanish parliament ? 
  isnt ' it our right ? 
  here you have one, 
  what about uni\u00f3 , pacma , partit pirata etc. 
  there are so many people im favour of indepdnende in those parties yet they didnt got representation . 
  that 's why we did n't counted votes or considered the elections a referendum , we counted parliament seats, 
  can spain survive losing overnight 20 % of its gdp and its most industrial area ? 
  how will spain pay its enormous debt if catalonia is completely cast away ? 
  there is not enough money in europe to bail out spain , it would make greece look like peanuts in comparison most of the industry will stay put , evidently , you can not just move your entire factory and associate services to areas which are totally unsuitable and far from providers and clients . 
  the guy at planeta said after the elections that it was a bluff , and everyone had already called it, 
  can spain survive losing overnight 20 % of its gdp and its most industrial area ? 
  how will spain pay its enormous debt if catalonia is completely cast away ? 
  there is not enough money in europe to bail out spain , it would make greece look like peanuts in comparison, 
  i would love a sensible conversation but if you keep using affirmations such as `` too poor and too small '' ( plenty of countries poorer and smaller than catalonia , even in europe ) and `` your politicians go full nuts '' i do n't see the point . 
  you can disagree , but why go directly to the insult ? 
  are you aware about the debates on independence in catalonia ? 
  the discussions and the arguments that are given ? 
  if you do n't speak or understand catalan i doubt you do . 
  you can off course give your opinion , but it would be the same than me giving my opinion on india 's kerala elections ( i have no idea about them and do n't speak hindi or the local languages ), 
  i meant even if catalonia wanted out . 
  they will not let us go , we are too integrated in the european market foe us to go from one day to the other, 
  yeah ? 
  will you bomb our universities and ports and airports ? 
  there is a magic switch that says `` in 2 october all traffic in and out of catalonia is cancelled '' ? 
  or just like in brexit , things will be kept low key while a negotiation takes place . 
  which is the most realistic ? 
  catalonia doesnt want a trade war with spain or with any other country , any embargo or hostile action will be only from the spanish part, 
  but why i would want the empathy of people like you , in a subreditt like this ? 
  for some fake internet egopoints ? 
  i do n't care what you think about catalonia s situation now or in the recent past , chances are you have no idea whatsoever, 
  ahaha , it 's spain who clearly feels threatened by this . 
  because when `` we have airports '' means we have the most important airport ( in number of people using it ) , the second most important port , the main land routes to europe , the second most important industrial area , un 16 % of the population , the best universities in spain and more , well , it does mean something , not just `` we are stronk '' , but , `` manage with care '', 
  off course he was against it , he was in fact one of the main french voices against it in fact but melenchon http://www.equinoxmagazine.fr/2017/03/21/melenchon-presidentielle-catalogne-referendum/ and most important fillon http://www.rfi.fr/emission/20170404-4-avril-2017-cigale-fillon http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20170408/421531998807/fillon-referendum-catalunya-derecho-a-decidir.html were in favour of the referendum , and i think their opinion on this matters more for the final position of france on this topic than yours . 
  shocking right ? 
  portugal never tried to leave the eu , it was the eu which at one point hinted at it not getting in line with the rest, 
  jawohl mein german redditor friend, 
  why do n't we compare these figures with france , the netherlands or switzerland , which are our immediate neighbours ? 
  https://www.academia.edu/5924413/tortura_una_aproximaci%c3%b3n_estad%c3%adstica http://www.nodo50.org/tortura/informes/onu/informerelatortheovanboven6.02.04.htm judicial independence http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-890_es.htm freedom of the press http://www.rsf-es.org/grandes-citas/clasificacion-por-paises/ not looking very good , for a western european nation and most one that claims to be a `` full fledged '' western democracy, 
  well you do n't care and apparently you do n't know either , which i do n't know how wise a choice it is . 
  you compared spain with italy , france and germany without having much idea about them or spain , hence my answer , that has nothing to do with wether you support independence or not, 
  yes there are catalans in favour of remaining in the eu , used to be basically everyone , now not so much . 
  also it 's not that it `` matters '' that die linke supports a referendum , that has to do with the international recognition of the catalan republic ultimately and that aspect has been preety solid in the past two years . 
  there is a lot of talk in this subreddit but sadly not many people here , especially spanish redditors , seem to have a balanced view of the situation .
