  it may give the us more power , but it costs a dick load of cash , not the other way around . 
  do n't hold your breathe waiting for that apology . 
  illegal is a bullshit word that people arbitrarily assign, 
  when does an occupation end and the land just become someone else 's . 
  the united states took a lot of land from a lot of people . 
  for example mexico : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexican_cession mexico took that land from the people that lived there before they came . 
  who should the us give california back to ? 
  dude , the western media has cameras there now though , that means that everyone has to play nice there now so we do n't see upsetting things on the tv, 
  it 's ironic that the italian guy is the one complaining that israel created a country on someone else 's land . 
  did n't the roman 's invade that land 2000 years ago and subjugate the jews there ? 
  it also is n't as bad if you wipe out a group of people if cnn is n't there with a video camera / s, 
  all countries have been created on someone else 's soil . 
  israel just happens to be one that happened recent enough that it is well documented for the world . 
  dozens of different people 's have ` owned ' that piece of land over the millennia . 
  that is the way the world works , land gets taken by one group from another . 
  in the last 2000 years the romans , persians , arabs , ottomans , and british have all owned israel . 
  and before that there were a dozen other groups , including the ancient jewish states of judah and israel . 
  resolutions do n't mean much unless you are going to actually do something, 
  you ca n't afford it without cutting social services or raising taxes . 
  a nation like china that does n't have social safety nets and is n't concerned with democracy can probably afford it with much less effort . 
  the 5 eyes has nothing to do with this discussion . 
  new zealand is in it to and the us relationship with new zealand obviously means a lot less than the relationships with canada or the uk . 
  still a weak argument . 
  the author wants to argue that usa should get less credit for defending europe and europeans should get more . 
  however , its a bilateral alliance ; if you want to talk about the nato not be one sided then europe should be helping defend america and canada too . 
  where are their fighter jets when russia is testing the air boundaries in alaska ? 
  where are their ballistic missile defense systems when north korea is threatening to nuke the us ? 
  the eu is a bigger economy than the us after all . 
  i understand that nato is for defending territory in the north atlantic , however , the us is not just a north atlantic nation . 
  arguably the pacific is as important or more important to the us these days . 
  that may lend credibility to the claim that nato is outdated . 
  it does very little , to nothing , for the us in the pacific . 
  it would n't be much of a war reparation if we gave it back , would it ? 
  we still have one of yours , but i do n't think you 're going to get it back . 
  gives then each a gun and marches them back into syria to shoot at the kurds and assads army . 
  its should be a discussion , and sovereign countries should definitely do as they please , i 'm a product of the culture i live in and am not a fan of the trends i see elsewhere or at home for that matter . 
  agree to disagree about agreeing to disagree about whether it is ridiculous or not , 
  agree to disagree, 
  there are limits and they probably should remain in place . 
  the difference between lying and deceptions ( shouting ` fire ' in a crowded theater where there is no fire ) and saying something on twitter that offends someone is a night and day difference to me though . 
  it is troubling that some people get arrested in 1st world countries for saying something mean about another group of people . 
  people in america routinely get fired for that stuff , but there would be an uproar if they were arrested . 
  its still ridiculous, 
  i think those fat asses in mexico actually stole our title , its ok we stole a bunch of their land, 
  yeah i 've heard the name white russia i like it better than belarus . 
  i 'm one of the fraction of 1 % of americans who could label all the countries in europe on a map . 
  how very fascist of them, 
  that is fun, 
  the muslim demographic, 
  just saw gas at $ 1.21 / gallon today , 0.28 $ / liter it just keeps getting cheaper in the us . 
  wow , that 's rough you pay more than 4 times as much for gas in portugal . 
  i always heard europe was more expensive on a lot of things . 
  i 've never been there to see it myself though . 
  gas prices have dropped a ton in the us . 
  $ 1.50 / gallon where i live and that is n't low compared to other areas . 
  let me do the math . 
  1 gallon = 3.8 liters so its $ 0.40 per liter $ 0.40 = 0.35 euros so it 0.35 euros per liter where i live cheaper than europe ? 
  denmark is a close us intelligence partner . 
  sick burn !, 
  hitler came to power in 1933 . 
  the writing was on the wall for a while . 
  the french had plenty of time to foresee and prepare for an invasion . 
  and still watch commercials , hulu sucks . 
  i 2th that, 
  is there an echo , you quad posted that comment ? 
  also , they may be considered weak because of the military 's poor performance in ww2 . 
  it seems the chinese are fond of remembering europe for ww2 ( see germany ) . 
  if everyone keeps talking about if the terrorists used encryption , the next time it happens they will use encryption then the politicians will bluster even more . 
  apparently not , 13 % of the country ( over 40 million people ) are immigrants , much higher number and percentage than any european country . 
  legal immigration is probably a different story . 
  i agree that would be the best path ... also probably unlikely to work unfortunately, 
  i 'm sure they would let you back in if you went off on your own for a few years and decided you did n't like it, 
  how would you propose putting a stop to that ? 
  just because people will do something whether it 's illegal or not should not change your stance on an issue that you feel morally compelled about . 
  that goes for any issue : rape , murder , speeding , drinking and driving , etc, 
  your comprehension skills needs some works if you ca n't understand that people , who think life begins at conception and therefore think aborting ends a human life , would be anti-abortion . 
  edit : you 're all just down voting because you are pro choice . 
  all i 'm saying is that it is not that complicated to understand why some people are against abortion if they consider it to be ending a life . 
  maybe the terrorism started in the 80s or 90s , but the fuckupedness did n't . 
  the middle east has been at war since israel became a state . 
  i believe israel was set up by the british . 
  the us did n't set the 2 % to prop of the defense industry . 
  we willingly spend 3.5 % of our budget on the military currently . 
  that percentage has been higher in most of recent history . 
  a lot more defense contractors would be out of business and the us would probably be unable to effectively help other nato nations if they were attacked if we only spent the suggested nato 2 % . 
  excuse me sir , vladimir putin is very mad at you for shooting down his plane . 
  that was not very nice . 
  what would keep the government from extending the state of emergency past 3 months ? 
  nothing will be different in 3 months from today . 
  how do you know it did n't work we are still at it . 
  seems like it would be hard to be charitable to the groups or people you cared most about helping, 
  everyone needs something to bitch about, 
  they get one a month for free as part of the government handout, 
  i might just go out and get a few more guns this week . 
  i ca n't stand by idly while our title is usurped . 
  people do n't like that argument anymore when americans start talking about guns, 
  so europe will eventually be full of butch chicks ? 
  this is a bit troubling, 
  they are n't . 
  they are asians .
