  keep sending us all that oil, 
  the baltic states are part of the eu . 
  it seems to me like russia would love to invade them . 
  i would be skeptical of the ability let alone the will of the eu to dislodge them if that happened . 
  having your own sovereign territory is enough to make you a target . 
  the netherlands and belgium were bothering no one in 1940 when they were invaded . 
  if you value your freedom you should always be prepared to defend your country . 
  saying , `` o that will never happen '' , or `` that wo n't happen anytime soon '' is a bit short-sighted . 
  also , here is just one example of the economic impact the us military brings to germany : http://www.nytimes.com/2004/08/22/world/proposed-us-base-closings-send-a-shiver-through-a-german-town.html this article lists some of the costs to the us military for german bases : http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/04/17/us-reportedly-footing-more-bill-for-overseas-bases-despite-cuts-to-military/ $ 4 billion a year to maintain bases for 48,000 troops , plus another $ 3.9 billion to pay the 48,000 personnel . 
  lets say germany spends $ 48 billion a year on defense . 
  that would be 1/6th of the budget gone there . 
  and as far as drones go they are setup to be piloted from shipping containers . 
  they can be moved anywhere there is room . 
  many are actually piloted from the nevada desert halfway around the world . 
  bases in germany are expendable . 
  you can refuel an airliner full of troops in any country italy , greece , bulgaria , poland , the uk . 
  they are all close to germany . 
  it is n't that much of a difference . 
  the european army is only an idea . 
  there is no command or logistical structure in place . 
  where does europe start and stop ? 
  ukraine certainly ca n't defend itself . 
  the baltic states certainly ca n't defend themselves . 
  without nato who jumps on that grenade if they get invaded ? 
  allowing the military bases in your country is for your own self-interest not because of your generosity . 
  it would cost germany far more to build and maintain those bases and keep the military budget at a level to support those bases should they ever be needed in the defense of the country . 
  letting the us use a piece of land is a far cheaper option for your budget . 
  it also comes with the economic impact of us dollars from troops and their families supporting german jobs in and around the small towns that surround the bases . 
  there are plenty of middle east bases that make germany unnecessary for any middle east situations ( turkey , israel , saudi arabia , uae , kuwait , qatar , bahrain , oman , djibouti , afghanistan , diego garcia ) . 
  `` only wants things from us without giving something in return '' ... that is how america feels about your participation in nato, 
  canada is way ahead of germany & france in importance in my opinion . 
  britain is a more important political ally . 
  canada is a more important economic ally . 
  fucked is how you should feel . 
  its just arranged in a different way , it 's not a big deal, 
  nbc , who is broadcasting the games in america is doing total medal count this year , so that is the ranking most americans will see : www.nbcolympics.com/medals, 
  [ uscgc eagle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uscgc_eagle_%28wix-327%29 ) 20th century german sailing ship which has belonged to the us coast guard since the end of ww2, 
  hmm , the common count method in the us is total medals , apparently there is no official method . 
  is that so ? 
  israel also has submarines that carry missiles with nuclear weapons attached to the top , any middling eu country would find themselves obliterated if they went at it with israel . 
  as a right-leaning voter i do n't want to avoid it either . 
  all voters need something to bitch about . 
  this active fighting against federal power is a side affect of living in a prosperous country with few dangers and plenty of food . 
  let the voters keep bitching about taxes and government subsidies , if you take that complaint away from them they may find something worse to complain about . 
  never having a famine and being a being able to feed half the world sounds like a good place to be . 
  sure as shit gives you a position of strength to negotiate from if necessary . 
  at the end of the day its the farmers who grow a country 's food . 
  there is something to be said for being self sufficient at making the food you need as a country . 
  the governments of western country do n't give money to farmers just so they have something to do , it is a very important life line/safety net for that government and all the citizens of that country . 
  did n't someone try to make an atlantic wall back in the 40 's to keep invaders from crossing the channel ? 
  june 6 is sticking in my head for some reason . 
  just get on a plane and fly here, 
  why do you all live so close to america then ... all that land and you are all bunched up by the border ... suspicious i say, 
  he is probably one of those fake tv doctors, 
  i see them for $ 4.12 a kilo in the midwest , i guess that 's about $ 3,7, 
  i 'm a little perplexed as to why my tax dollars are going to an investigation of state sponsored cheating at an international sporting competition that took place halfway around the world . 
  nothing from mexico ? 
  can you find a counterpart for mexico city in europe ? 
  that 's what i thought , wondered why they did n't make the list, 
  where are monaco , liechtenstein , and andorra ? 
  lol nafta , careful , your gon na break something trolling these guys this hard, 
  really stirring it up in here today huh ? 
  i like it , even cancelled a few down votes out for you . 
  - from mexico 's europe ... wait now i 'm confused, 
  the us in the # 2 tourist destination in the world by total number of tourists and # 1 by a long shot in tourism money received per year , so comparing france 's tourism to the us is n't really that drastically different . 
  the us has other non-historic things that france does n't have : natural scenery ( national parks ) , hollywood , disney world , nyc . 
  some of the most iconic man-made objects of the last 150 years are in the us . 
  * about europe , who knows what country they are actually hosting it from, 
  why do n't you use another american website to check where reddit headquarters are ... nevermind i 'll help you . 
  like how we take the fifa world cup so seriously ? 
  o wait , no one in america gives a shit about that . 
  i guess we are n't as wrapped up in european competitions as you think . 
  the real turning point of ww2 is the united states joining the allied forces . 
  all of the analysis in this thread completely ignores the war in the pacific . 
  japan would most certainly have won if the us had n't joined the war . 
  who knows what they might have decided to do next . 
  the allied invasion of france likely would never have happened without the money and manufacturing of the us . 
  and both russia and britain received huge amounts of weapons that they needed to help repel invasions that may or may not have succeeded but most definitely would have destroyed a lot more of there ability to counter attack . 
  i could n't even pick one day as the turning point , but december 8 and 11 of 1941 might be them , the day the us declared war on japan and the day germany declared war on the us . 
  i always thought saving private ryan kind of sucked : - /, 
  not the turning point of ww2 , but europe was only half of ww2 , the japanese were stirring up a lot of shit in the pacific and there was only one nation doing the heavy lifting in the fight against them . 
  the idea that you can mark a turning point as 1 or 2 days in a massive global conflict is ridiculous . 
  that is the stupidest thing i 've heard all week , granted its only tuesday , but i think it 'll hold for the rest of the week . 
  fuck new jersey indeed , armpit of america, 
  i 'm starting to believe this : http://www.curiousgnu.com/reddit-godwin, 
  hold up , the article does n't say what nationality the woman was , she could have been austrian for all we know :-), 
  the article says nothing about what nationality the woman was . 
  maybe she was an italian too . 
  and how would they vote to give themselves as much money as they wanted if they had representation in congress ? 
  they would still only have 3 out more 500 members of congress voting for them . 
  actually they can vote in national elections . 
  the 23rd amendment to the us constitution gives them the right to vote for president and vice president . 
  also the company town argument does n't make sense , not everyone in washington works for the government i saw a figure that only 38 % of the residents work for the government . 
  there are hotels , non-profits , and restaurants that are non-federal just like anywhere else . 
  and even if all the residents worked for the federal government and you think they would just voted to give more of other american 's money to themselves , they would only have 1 out of 435 representatives in congress voting to do that and 2 of 102 senators voting to do that . 
  not likely they would get their way if it was n't in the other states ' interest . 
  i think you need to brush up on your understanding of dc voting and taxation , or at least ask your family is dc about what the law there actually is . 
  i literally said washington dc 6 comments above . 
  that is the territory i am referring to . 
  i do n't know how i can make it any more clear to you .
