  turkey is in a region call asia minor after all . 
  merkel down voted you . 
  they seize every business of value and turn it into a corrupt quasi state-run business . 
  that will never breed innovation . 
  its `` in a crisis '' because its a shitty economy which relies way too heavily on energy . 
  when energy prices are down the whole economy starts sliding down hill . 
  it is not diversified at all . 
  you are right gdp is not everything , which is why russia 's economy is still shit when oil is high . 
  they produce nothing of value and have all their eggs in one basket . 
  i 'm sure they are paying `` experts '' millions of dollars a year to further determine what `` catching '' the ball really is, 
  outrage is fun, 
  its beginning to sound like a broken record in this thread . 
  i 'm out . 
  that is exactly what i said 3 comments above ... obviously in your example the window agency only hires extra help because they have steady business from a repeat client . 
  if they did n't have that client they would downsize their staff because they would have as much contracting work . 
  therefore , the the job of those `` extra '' people at the staffing agency depend on the client just like they would if they worked directly for the client . 
  the outcome is the same . 
  they are still employed because of facebook either way . 
  their current salaries depend on facebook . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  facebook hires the engineers or the contractor company goes and hires the engineers and sends them to work on contract at facebook . 
  that is interesting . 
  i see from many of the comments below that is not unique to french . 
  i 've never heard the term `` tax heaven '' used in english though . 
  tax heaven makes me think of a government that receives a high percentage of taxes from its citizens . 
  18.64 miles ? 
  there are advantages in the american healthcare system . 
  it is far cheaper to be a young , healthy adult in america . 
  you do n't have to pay any taxes to the government for healthcare ( except for the old people ) you get to keep all of that as discretionary income . 
  you can then decide how much insurance you want to buy . 
  you use to be able to choose none . 
  your comments on the government of your country are why many americans do n't like a system of high taxes that fund government services that provide for all your needs . 
  you say no one ever gets fired or quits . 
  that naturally results in incompetent , lazy people providing a service that is n't the best it could be for the money because there is no alternative . 
  you would likely get a better more innovative service from a private company where the people have to perform to maintain their jobs and company . 
  i thought calais was part of the middle east, 
  like black people in the us, 
  when you do it every day and never work it loses its effectiveness, 
  wow , i thought the chinese were the ones fucking over the environment, 
  a tax heaven would be denmark , a tax haven is what these small countries are, 
  no wonder there are so many separatist groups wanting to form their own countries in europe, 
  its an austin powers reference, 
  they were invented the year after this picture was taken, 
  how high would you say it rose ? 
  at the end of the day this is a what if situation . 
  you disagree with me i disagree with you . 
  we ca n't really know for sure unless it actually happened . 
  since there are american troops in those countries we pretty much would have to fight if the country was attacked . 
  the alternative would be to stand there and die . 
  yeah , a british think tank said that ... 
  i 'm sure estonia , latvia , and lithuania would love that . 
  latin america is very popular term in the media these days as well . 
  latin america would every mainland country in north and south america except for the usa and canada and maybe a couple of island nations . 
  basically all the spanish and portuguese speaking nations of the western hemisphere . 
  i know that the term can be a bit subjective , but i 've always heard central america is : belize , costa rica , el salvador , panama , guatemala , honduras , and nicaragua . 
  i do n't think it includes any caribbean islands . 
  i 've broken bird law ? 
  america is n't running out of resources . 
  there are more natural resources in the usa that all of europe combined . 
  mexico is in north america, 
  quick question , does the queen 's english become the king 's english when qeii dies ? 
  andorran maybe, 
  they are looking to focus on the anglosphere, 
  like they are next door neighbors . 
  another language that does n't get distorted , tortured , and massacred daily is latin, 
  i mostly just shoot at geese when they try and crap in my lawn, 
  have you finally wrestled control of the country away from the kangaroos and drop bears ? 
  i would start with that first if you have n't . 
  i do n't know , usa wall outlets know how to have a good time [ ** link ** ] ( http://odditymall.com/includes/content/people-having-sex-on-your-outlet-cover-decal-0.jpg ), 
  even before time began, 
  maybe you should read about it before commenting, 
  they are all related in reykjavik . 
  it would be kind of awkward . 
  i drove through baltimore once . 
  i thought i was in mogadishu . 
  we also ca n't point to countries on map , except iraq , but then we have to invade it again, 
  americans pay less tax than zimbabeweans, 
  does your paycheck go directly to government and you get an allowance for discretionary spending ? 
  eh , just drive to canada if you live in the north and steal some free healthcare . 
  mexico is pretty cheap if you live in the south . 
  the germans gassing people again ... never gets old for them does it ? 
  the bbc taught me that scandinavians leave their babies out in the cold for naps too . 
  i kinda like the idea , but the idea is completely foreign to americans http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-21537988, 
  i 'm in denial and also very angry . 
  how did you do that ? 
  i hear the russkies will snatch you up at any moment in estonia that shit does n't happen in the us of a, 
  that does n't fit the european narrative ... you are going to make them angry ... stop, 
  * heavily, 
  plus the taxes you pay every year to the government health care system, 
  you 're going to need to throw a few billion or more at it for your new syrian neighbors, 
  if it 's them i 'd rather have the lsd than the flu, 
  it 's amazing that america is still a first world country is n't it ? 
  look at his flag . 
  he moved to germany to save money on shipping too . 
  iceland, 
  so does america, 
  yeah , i would say humans are not inherently good . 
  you have an interesting take on the matter though . 
  we are a bit messed up in the head ... do n't see that changing anytime soon, 
  i 'm proud to live in a country that allows these guns and does n't trust any of their people .
