most of us ca n't point to either country on a map unfortunately . 
  so i 'm sure you are n't surprised that the flags are a complete mystery to this guy . 
  honestly , socialism is quite a bit further down the road . 
  a single payer government healthcare system is not even close to what obamacare is . 
  obamacare is just a subsidy to private healthcare for the poor . 
  you still buy health insurance from a private corporation . 
  how about the us takes the german citizens who will probably be economic refugees in a few years anyways ( bring your euros ) ? 
  we can rename germany `` north syria '' and we 'll let you move in , maybe minnesota or the dakotas . 
  we can even rename one of the dakotas to bavaria or something . 
  do you guys need to borrow some planes ? 
  and some bombs ? 
  and spare parts ? 
  and pilots ? 
  hopefully she does n't pull european funding to nato . 
  america will be unable to protect itself then ... or did i get that backwards ? 
  yes , maybe she should mandate a quota to america . 
  surely there will be no other choice but to take them . 
  we might lose our european funding of nato otherwise . 
  then how would we defend our country ? 
  it might work on obama , but he will get torn up in a second by congress if he tries to open the flood gates . 
  they wo n't get any sympathy from a future republican president or hillary ( because she has no soul ), 
  it might work on obama , but he will get torn up in a second by congress if he tries to open the flood gates . 
  they wo n't get any sympathy from a future republican president or hillary ( because she has no soul ), 
  he wo n't win ... not a chance that 50 % of americans would vote for someone who is a proud socialist, 
  maybe we can send carnival cruise line to syrian and bring a boatload of them to miami, 
  they did n't leave a power vacuum in iraq . 
  they put in place a new government in iraq , outfitted with modern military weapons and a us trained army . 
  the government of iraq miss-managed what they were given and alienated parts of the country . 
  then the civil war is syria started , assad lost control of large parts of his country and isis took over . 
  isis then invaded/recruited the alienated parts of iraq and over ran the inept iraqi government forces . 
  that is how isis ended up in iraq . 
  the us is not responsible for the civil war in syria . 
  iceland is in it . 
  they do n't even have a military . 
  i think its a reference to all the military cuts britain has made in recent years, 
  especially far away from its shores, 
  how easy that would be is definitely debatable . 
  it would probably be easier with submarines . 
  we are shooting for the arctic . 
  canada is easy to steal from and russia is manageable . 
  we are so dumb in america . 
  we need the smart refugees to help us . 
  europeans are way smarter than us , so i 'm sure they will understand why it has got to be this way . 
  well , we are n't going to close all the those military bases and there are already 3000 plus troops in iraq . 
  maybe we can stay the fuck out of greenland or antarctica or something easier . 
  i doubt the refugees are going to start pissing and shitting oil and gold though ... 
  they have lots of trees , they do n't want to cut any down to make room, 
  with two shitty options , the logical choice is to do what is best for yourself, 
  there shitty boats are sinking all over the mediterranean . 
  how are they going to get to north america ? 
  should we ask carnival to send a cruise ship ? 
  i do n't think that is how it will work in practice , more like if you deport them they will come back again . 
  the places they are coming from are so dangerous the two options are leave and go to europe or die at a young age . 
  what is worse dying or getting deported once or twice ? 
  just like austria 's bank balance, 
  a refugee hit them over the head, 
  you wo n't stop it . 
  just like the us-mexico border the med sea is to big to effectively patrol . 
  the boats will keep coming and they will get through . 
  wow , it 's getting rough in here . 
  i 'm glad i 'm on the other side of the ocean . 
  nobody said what the thing was yet ... 
  my point was that guantanamo is n't in the us , so if you are showing it there it is n't being shown in the us . 
  nukes might be part of it these days , just speculating though . 
  worked well for the french in ww1 and ww2 , whatever you do do n't waste any time defending the french/belgium border , nobody ever comes through there . 
  would n't that be cuban television ? 
  but seriously , his point is why go to the trouble of taking shoes off all the time , when you can just vaccuum up whatever gets tracked in ... i too prefer shoes off in the house . 
  it got stuck in the vaccuum, 
  i too sometimes have feelings on certain topics, 
  and freedom to insult people without being arrested by the police , i do n't understand all the unemployment in europe , there must be a ton of job openings for ` thought ' police positions with the government . 
  i thought one side was just angry russian-speaking ukrainian separatists . 
  you need to do a background check on someone if you are a vendor at a gun show . 
  try buying one without getting a background check . 
  you 'll experience what this guy did : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueihkjknhn8, 
  the fact that it is going in any direction is my point . 
  it could just as easily reverse direction if the supply was higher in mexico and central america . 
  australia has increases protection from this sort of problem by being an island . 
  therefore , increased ` success ' from such a measure . 
  the 2nd amendment has been law in the us since 1791 . 
  it is incredibly hard to get rid of a constitutional amendment in the us . 
  you basically have to make a new amendment say discard that that last one . 
  not all amendments to the us constitution are equal either . 
  the first 10 written by the founding fathers of this country are especially sacred to most people . 
  it would be political suicide to try to get rid of those amendments . 
  that 's why we need strict encryption control laws , to prevent these things . 
  wish people would remember that when the government wants to read everything on your phone and computer , because : terrorism there is always another law that could be put in place to save a life , does n't mean it should be . 
  beretta makes some nice stuff, 
  it a lot harder to import guns illegally into a country that is an island . 
  what loophole are you referring to ? 
  eh , there are a lot of car crashes still, 
  no way they are giving up all those tourist dollars any time soon . 
  somebody has to burn the piles of tires in the streets right ? 
  are n't part of the dutch military under german control already ? 
  that 's a step in that direction . 
  brexit and nexit ? 
  smaller countries seem like they are much more manageable . 
  big government easily becomes inefficient and cumbersome . 
  thanks , but i got it . 
  it was pretty clear that the saudis on the north sea = norway and the mountain dwarfs in the alps = switzerland . 
  bitter much ?
