kebab for dinner ? 
  great idea , thanks mate . 
  i 'm sure we detain more than our fair share of refugees or `` bogus asylum seekers '' as we like to call them . 
  or at least that 's what the newspaper tells me ... 
  people take gay parade 's way too seriously in serbia . 
  so you do have private healthcare in your country ? 
  it might be worth a try . 
  it works fairly well for china and south america . 
  what irks me is that the media in the uk initially portrayed the eu elections as an opportunity either show your distrust of the eu by voting for ukip or dislike of the current government by voting for anyone else . 
  which party would be supporting which group/candidate was a complete non-issue until well after the elections , by which point it was all a bit too late . 
  bloody migrants ... 
  the independence/reemergence of the hre states ? 
  that would be insane . 
  yes it is weird . 
  not sure . 
  if we go ahead and remortgage scotland we might be able to get a lease on a greek island . 
  good point . 
  i do n't get the apparent overriding appeal of escaping to the uk , from france . 
  do these people in calais represent a minority of sudanese immigrants entering the eu and the rest are happy in france ? 
  is the uk seen as the land of opportunity ? 
  have they seen eastenders ? 
  wo n't somebody please think of the children ? 
  you must really hate putin . 
  but now the economy is growing how many political parties will commit to staying the course on austerity when election time rolls round ? 
  because that would make far too much sense . 
  i think we 've all see enough dash cam footage to prove that . 
  it 's not for us to resolve . 
  i often wonder , if the argentines had gone on a pr offensive rather than a military one , would they 'd be closer to getting the falklands ? 
  reduce trade tariffs for islanders , subsidise shopping trips to the argentine mainland , arrange cultural exchanges and free spanish lessons etc. 
  they needed to win/hearts and minds , not a war . 
  getting a good foundation in the classic academic subjects ( specifically maths and/or science ) usually leaves you in a position to go on and study anything ( economics , engineering , medicine , computing etc. ) . 
  or if your still not sure stick to maths and science and you 'll still have a wide range of jobs after graduating . 
  nail a couple of languages on top and absolutely anything is possible . 
  +1 also for learning french . 
  i half-regret `` learning '' german , they all seem to speak better english than me anyway . 
  the drip-drip of hypothetical financial scare stories in the media over the past few months would have been enough to move me from a no to a yes . 
  it all sounds a bit desperate . 
  not entirely , some of us are welsh . 
  then it was a bad example . 
  no , just weird . 
  who says things like that ? 
  its a weird thing for any politician to say . 
  he dragged up an old stereotype most people do n't laugh out loud to any more . 
  also it 's like saying get a christian or muslim to do it , not swiss . 
  it was n't funny or original , hence no one laughed , and to cap it all he 's a known antisemite . 
  you do realise you sound a bit crazy when you write occasional words in capitals ? 
  turkey is bigger than albania . 
  turkey is a bird , albania has a bird on its flag . 
  i do n't know , the japanese maybe ? 
  they 've always seemed super nice . 
  that 's the one . 
  the dm does n't represent the views of the country as a whole , just the blinkered , poorly educated , rabid middle classes . 
  what do you suggest as a solution to this apparent problem ? 
  in more ways than one . 
  i fully enjoyed that . 
  sadly if we left our attempts to kill the eu could intensify or at least become real . 
  after a bitter divorce all the children hear about is how much of a bastard their dad was and why its his fault we 're now living in a 2 bedroom flat on a council estate in skelmersdale . 
  i was being flippant . 
  ok , retarded politician . 
  one man , no . 
  a french politician , yes . 
  well if the french want us to leave then we 're fucking staying then . 
  we 'll probably keep pissing money to fund the cap out of pure spite too . 
  they were just jealous i expect . 
  only if the south gets to france . 
  just kidding , it would be a terrible idea . 
  we 're here for a happy union of nations . 
  the last thing we need is more division . 
  uk for sure . 
  doubly so if you 're a young male , x8 if you 're black . 
  the media will blame the previous government 's , lax immigration controls , europe , fizzy drinks , video game violence , gm crops and the weather before it blames the current government for it 's bungee cord foreign policy . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i do hope you do get a vote on self determination . 
  but i also hope you all decide to give it one last go and make it work this time ( a selfish foreigners point-of-view ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure they get to vote in national and eu elections which are somewhat democratic in context . 
  do you mean , should they have the right to self determination ? 
  damn right they do . 
  imho i think they 're better off learning to live together than parting ways and dying alone - though i 'm not up to speed on the rational arguments for/against . 
  the weather . 
  it 's been really nice today . 
  thanks vlad . 
  i reckon it means the germany is calling china a pussy . 
  `` hey china , russia jacked your lands , are you just going to stand there whilst they laugh in your face ? '', 
  ... or maybe its because old maps make good presents . 
  everyone likes maps . 
  probably because i see the world from a western perspective and from what i was taught the ussr was in a terminal decline from the late 60 's . 
  prestige just seems like an odd word to use , feared and powerful are phrases i can relate to . 
  but again that 's my twisted western perspective . 
  ` soviet-era ' and ` prestige ' are n't two words you see together all that often . 
  it would have been a strategic disaster . 
  we did promise though . 
  sorry guys . 
  well that 's really sad . 
  it sounds like he might have been in a precarious place emotionally to begin with given that he reacted by taking his sons life too . 
  that 's just not rational . 
  i do wish a concerted effort was made to crack down on this sort of thing . 
  maybe start with adobe and oracle for regularly trying to trick you into installing bullshit applications and toolbars you do n't want when upgrading flash and java . 
  it really makes my shit itch . 
  well that did n't take long . 
  northern europe is a bleak place to be during january .
