  also ( and partly because of that ) , not everybody believes the french revolution to have been this great leap forward in terms of european democracy and equality ( napoleon was * such * a nice guy , bourbon restoration , etc. ) . 
  i opened it up : tell me why exactly it should be seen as this universally positive and valorous event . 
  `` that 's just sad '' gets an e for effort . 
  i 'd play devil 's advocate insofar as questioning the statement `` they utilised the death penalty '' . 
  i 'd hardly simplify the killings and executions during the french revolution as `` just a methodology '' . 
  obviously people nowadays focus on the abstract meanings of it , the whole `` abolishment of this '' and `` empowerment of that '' . 
  it does n't change the fact that the french revolution was a bloody business . 
  i * definitely * see hypocrisy in this case if you go all `` congratulations , bring on the champagne ! '', 
  in regards to the revolution . 
  i 'm sure i 'm not the only one who attaches no other meaning to the french revolution other than it being a time of instability and hasty executions . 
  i 'd love a tl ; dr on this , as well as john cook day and a whole lot of holidays in the balkans , explaining why exactly it 's worthy of celebration ( not to be confused with recognition ) . 
  you do realise the argument he was responding to was effectively that islam as a religion makes a person go `` want me some babies ! '', 
  whereas non-muslims go `` meh , who needs whelps anyway ! '' . 
  you 're actually doing good work saying that no , muslims are not some homogenous group that have the same skin colour , language , food culture , etc. 
  then again , u/bumaye94 is replying to someone who implies just that . 
  why else say `` muslims '' , when you could just say the nationality . 
  also , i would n't so quickly assume that religion ! = culture . 
  \u03940 .1 % , really ? 
  damn you netherlands !, 
  i 've been wondering this as well . 
  while i think it incredibly easy for uneducated , easily manipulated rural men in their 20s to justify killing other men in similar situations , you 'd think slaughtering a family with young children and elderly grandparents would be a lot harder - still , history shows that this is not the case . 
  it 's common in patriarchal cultures ( like our own ) that women , especially young or elderly ones , are considered apolitical and not * as * representative of their culture as men . 
  ( think : the slogans in popular culture like `` i 've got a family ! '', 
  or `` evacuate the women and children !, 
  '' , a famous essay called `` do muslim women need saving '' , etc. ), 
  while i think this stereotype is quite negative , i can justify the existence of any stereotype as long as it helps save human lives . . which unfortunately this stereotype has n't done nearly as much as it needs to . 
  even with the role that women and children ( and the elderly , many times ) do assume in our cultures , it 's shocking how easy it was for ( primarily ) young men in the ( para ) military to exterminate/murder an ashkenazi ( = german ) jewish grandfather or bosnian muslim grandmother * along * with their children and young grandchildren . 
  is it easy to argue that these people propagate/grow up to be adult men ( and women ) who are usually the main target of `` dehumanisation propaganda '' . 
  possibly . 
  some people ( including facebook ) reacted to the horrified naked vietnamese girl in the vietnam war photo just by bickering over how amoral or uncivilised a picture of a naked girl child is . 
  the picture of the body of alan kurdi shocked some , but to some it was just `` fake propaganda '' by opportunistic asylum seekers . 
  it 's really surprising how it is for people with the political motive to ignore or justify such things - or indeed attempt to turn the whole thing around to serve their agenda instead . 
  maybe something like `` you might be old , frail and not a threat , but deep down you are just the same '' ? 
  was what soldiers thought when they threw out elderly jewish people in their wheelchairs from their apartments and into a train bound for auschwitz ii . 
  or we should more likely just look to the psychological study of conformity and compliance . 
  okay , the milgram experiment was unscientific and childish bullshit compared to today 's standards , but it 's still one of the most iconic examples of how easy it is to do something when you know there 's someone who told you to do so . 
  ( for those interested , there 's about a library 's worth of psychological , sociological and popular literature relating to compliance and complicity in the holocaust . 
  much less about srebrenica and the wars in the balkans , much to the scientific community 's regret . ), 
  well ukraine 's a huge country , and kiev of course has a history of being one of the big capitals of europe ( and that shows in its food culture ) , but i think many parts of ukraine can be likened to the nearby countries of poland , russia and especially belarus , in terms of cultural and culinary heritage . 
  ( also linguistic when it comes to belarus ) from the perspective of the greeks , turks and romans who wrote a lot of our history , we 're all northerners !, 
  yay !, 
  yep , i agree . 
  i do love my mezes , paellas and curries , but then again the rural and rustic homemade style has its charm too . 
  food is food , and in terms of having taste and making your belly full , we do allright , 
   not well seasoned and contained few ingredients exactly the types of comments i 've heard of not only russian or belarusian but also estonian , latvian and finnish food . 
  and the soviet union thing , well , depends on where you 're from . 
  i 'm confident a balt would see soviet union painted on the walls of every place they went to in belarus or russia ( for some it has to do with political motive , for others it 's just the familiarity of the architecture to some areas in their home countries ) . 
  but you 're right that the countryside is where the good food is at . 
  my opinion is equally low towards fast food in minsk and fast food in stockholm . 
  and it 's not just `` country-side home-made '' , you have plenty of restaurants in the more `` rural '' cities in russia ( for example ) that serve traditional , good food . 
  ( usually by the name of the province , for example there are `` karelian restaurants '' in petrozavodsk ) that are a lot better than some random diner . 
   byelorussian cuisine is not something you should go to belarus for to be honest , none of us northeners ( baltics , nordics , russia , belarus , ukraine , poland ) should brag too much with our ` cuisine ' . 
  even if you wan na brag about how cooler you are than everyone else , just do n't . 
  i mean there are ethnologists and historians who can write about this better than me , but generally -  hard to grow good veggies , everything needs to be oily and greasy , fish and berries are n't really gourmet ingredients ( at least in history ) , etc. 
  ( hashtag surstr\u00f6mming , tree bark bread meat/fish & potato soup ) to belarus ' ( hard to use an apostrophe here ) credit , they 've got some good desserts . 
  and the pancakes are pretty good - you got ta remember that like all classic or national dishes , there 're a lot of `` versions '' of it . 
  you need a belabro with you to tell you where to get the good ones !, 
  not really appropriate ever in such circumstances . 
  also , using `` gaspadin '' ( sir ) , an incredibly formal expression compared to other languages , in the same sentence as `` ty '' and `` slyshysh , '' should rarely if ever be normal . 
  but all in all her russian is impressive . 
  it 's comparatively a lot easier for an average russian person to learn german than the other way around ( even though being multilingual in both is more common than you 'd think , even in germany ) . 
  obviously they 're not just average people and ever since `` ich bin ein berliner '' , they are scrutinised for such mistakes for good reason . 
  important to note the difference between an `` ancient temple of the world '' and `` temple of the ancient world '' . 
  as a building ( a place of worship ) it is n't anywhere near the oldest . 
  places in egypt , iraq , syria , malta and all over take the cake on most categories of `` old stuff here , come and get your old stuff '' . 
  8 get your point but then again the us has already nuked the world not once but twice . 
  and it 's 10x the amount of weapons you 're using as an example , both russia and usa have about 2000 nukes on standby and about double that in storage . 
  i mean with the amount of nukes we have i 'm willing to bet someone someday will once again push that red button . 
  and even with perceived crazies in charge of russia , the koreas , india and pakistan , my money is * still * on that one specific country . . and tbh he seems like the craziest of all . 
  the uk and france are the only european countries that actually have nukes worth even mentioning in comparison to russia and the u.s. ** the nuclear weapons of russia and the united states combined amount to roughly 90-95 % of all nuclear weapons in the world . 
  ** so does russia have a huge amount of nukes ? 
  a comparison to europe is stupid though . 
  it 's a historical thing that is still true today ; in terms of the ability to nuke us all into oblivion , russia and usa are the only contenders . 
  i 'm pretty fucking proud that most of us here in r/europe * do n't * get to boast about our countries being nuke-hoarders . 
  a quick google found [ this ] ( http://www.ploughshares.org/world-nuclear-stockpile-report ) , which seems to be an accurate enough source for your average redditor . 
  yeah i share your doubts . 
  then again i honestly do n't believe it 's because of empathy or european solidarity or anything . 
  maybe it 's because the idea of the world only having italians , while interesting , would still be the effing post-apocalypse . 
  maybe because before that happened italy would get invaded a million times . 
  or , which i want to be the main reason , because italians would end up getting more hate on reddit than russia , migrants , feminists and linux users combined . 
  getting hate in reddit sucks , so just give up the drugs !, 
  okay , maybe not linux users . 
  let 's say . . electronic arts fanboys ? 
  people who actually liked no man 's sky ? 
  cubs fans ? 
  and yeah , if i was going to study altruism or national attitudes , maybe i 'd make a different example from the `` cure invented , italia can into post-apocalypse ! '', 
  thing . 
  edit !!!!, 
  do n't know why but i was thinking about a cure for the zombie outbreak instead of cancer the whole time , hence post-apocalyptic speculation . 
  too much the walking dead ? 
  yeah , too much . 
  honest question , how are ukrainians or russians not european to begin with ? 
  becoming a member of the eu does n't mean that the tectonic plates somehow align and you become more `` european '' . 
  i mean i 'm all for calling the brits `` atlantic '' as they brexit off ( yes , that 's a verb ) , but it does feel a bit weird . 
  if we 're being [ serious ] , then there might be more actual doctors and nurses etc. 
  among mena migrants than polish or ukrainian migrants . 
  depends on how many healthcare workers poland or ukraine exports , i know nurses and construction workers ( medium skill but decent pay ) are up there . 
  the thing is , those same migrants are rarely if ever refugees . 
  healthcare professionals wo n't wait for a reason like war or death threats to move to another country , they are mobile and sought-after enough that they 'll move wherever they please , whenever . 
  refugees , however tend to be middle-class enough to fork over the $ $ $ to pay smugglers , but too plebeian ( or middle class , heh ) to be a cosmopolitan/move from their semiurban hometown ( where shit is going down ) early on .
