  a guy breaking into churches mosques and synagogues shouting obscenities every single day of the week , but not actually destroying anything ) . 
  i mean many people criticise even this law ( i do too ) , even though it is made certain that the law can not be applied in any way to even remotely lesser situations . 
  we still have it !, 
  yay us !, 
  uhh . . yeah . . 
  well i for one find it comical how you believe politics and politicians should be about who shouts loudest and who postures in the most masculine fashion . 
  either you have lost so much trust in the political institution that you want it to revert to an archaic society where `` weak worms '' ( as you call them ) are killed . . or your country has a poor selection of american trash tv and you want prime minister 's questions to offer the entertainment ( hillbillies arguing loudly ) you feel you are missing . 
  * : just to clarify , i thought most people agreed that a `` good leader '' is one who succeeds in representing the majority of his/her people . 
  and let 's be honest here , the majority of people are normal , medium-belt men and women . 
  if you choose to call them `` worms '' , that 's your prerogative . 
  well to be honest if people are able to utilise this map as fuel to preach about how their country is superior to some other country . . 
  i 'd be really impressed . 
  i mean if someone would use this map to argue something stupid like `` uk and greece best and most developed countries in europe '' . . well , that 's so far-fetched that even fake news is an euphemism for it . 
  finland  norway comments ? 
  well that 's just not true , is it ? 
  never underestimate the power of the circlejerk ( or , as is more common here , certain flairs that usually * think * they represent majority opinion ) , but this map should n't attract such comments imo . 
  as u/sedict mentioned , a bmi of under 18 is a * borderline * dangerous condition . 
  bmi is used so often because it accurately applies to the overall majority of people - and obviously additional metrics are used if need be at the doctors ' discretion . 
  and in that sense , the `` tall skinny models lul '' who would be affected by this change should rejoice - at least their families should - because this means they can now pursue methods to reach a healthy bmi . 
  ( i.e. 
  their agencies & employers will actually support them in doing so , rather than discourage them ) edit : while there is some deviation between countries , [ this ] ( https://menshealthfoundation.ca/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/bmi.jpg ) is a good example . 
  `` unifying into 1 '' meant a very different thing back when nation-states were n't really a thing . 
  to be quite honest , there was no such thing as a single `` india '' - entity to unite in the first place . 
  and i 'd argue you 're also quite wrong with the whole `` uniting it into 1 '' thing . 
  or has everyone somehow forgotten that it was the british who were mainly responsible for creating dissent between north indians and south indians , as well as muslims and hindus , to begin with ? 
  and it was the british who then drew the borders of the two pakistans and india ( and they were really fucking bad at drawing borders , as history would tell you ) . 
  i still see a lot of students in the academic world writing about indian history in introductory courses with titles `` positive and negative effects of the british raj '' . 
  i mean it 's really innocent and they do end up learning a lot from making that mistake , but still . . 
  i end up asking myself . . `` why the fuck would you write that '' . .  boy if you mention anything positive what exactly do you think is `` positive '' to begin with ? 
  and regardless of your answer you should at least be able to consider `` okay , i think x is a positive thing , but does everyone else think that , too ? '', 
  i was wondering if someone 's going to make a stupid ass comment about russian or austro-hungarian populations and sure enough , this guy took the bait . 
  i do n't know about other threads , but this specific `` cpt '' was a bit disappointing . 
  to be honest the only benefit of disallowing jus sanguinis dual citizenship is either 1 . population control/registry stuff ( e.g. 
  very populous/fertile * countries ) or 2 . 
  flipping the bird at some specific country you like . . by affecting all countries . 
  and the second one is n't really flipping the bird at a country ( because why would the government care ? 
  ) , but just making normal peoples ' lives immeasurably more difficult for little reason . 
  in most eu countries overall `` fertility '' is low ( births vs. deaths ) so there 's not many `` practical '' reasons for it . 
  army service stuff is a practical one ( e.g. 
  my country ) , but even that , deep down , is usually based on unjustified paranoia and bickering ( e.g. 
  my country ) . 
  living somewhere does n't make you a citizen of that country . 
  and not everyone immigrates somewhere to `` live there forever and ever '' . 
  consider mobile workers , exchange students , etc. 
  they have a right to vote ( even . . or especially if they are n't dual citizens ) . 
  embassies exist for such reasons and i think someone mentioned the embassies can still organise the vote ( though not sure if germany is limiting their abilities at this point ? ) . 
  i mean because it 's erdogan the line is a bit blurry , but if we look at it objectively , germany & the netherlands have made some pretty uncharacteristic blunders when it comes to general diplomacy and `` international pr '' . 
  well , at least uncharacteristic to germany . 
  thanks for elaborating !, 
  corruption is a * methodology * , not a physical object . 
  and i think systems where that methodology gets used ad nauseum usually have these characteristics - where politicians search every nook and cranny for loopholes in order to either 1 . undermine their competition or 2 . avoid getting undermined by existing competition . 
  itt : a teenage girl scout being called a `` violent extremist '' seriously wondering what 's wrong with people making such comments . 
   ( also other media outlets ) itt someone asked why nobody else seems to have reported on this , your answer is `` why would they ? '' . 
   do you have internet i do and i hear about tensions with serbs and albanians all the time , but usually in kosovo and not in macedonia . 
  observing from the outside , i feel the serbs are just as shady as the albanians when it comes to this type of shit ( that is , making stuff up / shenanigans ) . 
  you 'll forgive me if i 'm skeptical when the news are from fringe tabloids of either `` side . '', 
  is it just me or does the pm come off as just as shady as the president * in this story * . 
  do n't know anything about czech politics outside of this . 
  and to be honest with the news i 'm hearing i probably do n't want to . 
  same with india and , i think , china . 
  i think all nordic and baltic countries as well as russia allow it . 
  with the `` equalise eu and non-eu '' stuff i mainly meant things like municipal stuff , voting , banking , id stuff . 
  it 's been made illegal for finnish banks to have increased fees for non-eu nationals ( for no reason ) . 
  consider , for example , international students or many highly-skilled migrants ( which are a net profit no matter what ) . 
  you 're insane . . or very good at writing without thinking . 
  and i think we 're going in the opposite direction . 
  indeed there are many national laws being passed all over the eu which are trying to make non-eu citizens ' rights equal with those of the eu . 
  which is a good thing . 
   as this is an eu sub on reddit , this  if you went to a call of duty sub . . you probably know more than the average person you have a * really * high opinion of reddit , mate . . r/europe definitely knows more about europe than some subreddits about cats or video games , but it 's not like this subreddit requires you to know any more about the union or politics . . you find a lot of stupid shit on this sub as with any subreddit really . 
  i do n't think it 's really far fetched to say most people know about the main parties in their country . 
  usually 10 parties is enough to cover even the smallest parliamentary parties ( example case uk ) . 
   average european on the streets has very little knowledge of how the eu works true , that is a problem everyone keeps talking about . 
  then again most know about the basic structure of the eu ( commission , parliament , etc. ), 
  if they went to school in the past 20ish years . 
  obviously people from a8 countries ( e.g. 
  poland ) mostly do n't know much about the eu 's structure as education about it has been offered in schools for only 10 ~ years . 
  tbh you can see that quite clearly in polish politics today . . and language does matter . 
  i rarely meet people ( at least in yurop ) that openly say learning other languages `` does not matter '' . 
  only people i know to say something like that ( maybe applies here as well ) are people who only know one language to begin with . . and as such want to defend their ego / do n't know why it 's so important . 
  it should be most obvious to people who use the internet . 
  obviously nobody has the stats , but i 'm willing to bet the non-english part of the web is a lot bigger than the english one . 
  it 's unfortunate how easy it is to `` make a bubble for yourself '' ( e.g. 
  reddit , facebook ) online , but then again that 's what people do in real life too . 
  or exactly the other way around . 
  sure , may 's innovative way of `` campaigning '' might get her votes but then again some of the smarter votes will look at what 's been going on for the past year in general . 
  ( e.g. 
  cameron stepping down , waves of racism , trump & putin , brexit shitshow before and during formal talks . . ) ge 2017 will be interesting not just in terms of the english voting conservative & ukip again , but also how ni and scotland will . 
   average american understands the electoral college & president 's office they do n't seem to , though . 
  and even previously i would n't really say that * too * confidently . 
   average european would be hard-pressed to explain the complex nature of the eu executive branch uhh , let 's just see . 
  most europeans ( at least here ) are . . 1 . 
  at the very least bilingual ( native language ( s ) + english , often french/german sometimes russian as a 3rd/4th best language ) , 2 . 
  are educated about their own * nation-state * , its law and politics , as well as basic eu structures and 3 . 
  ( rarely ) some basic stuff about the u.s. , soviet and post-soviet russian structures . 
  i mean this is n't to say eu  na or europeans ( not an ethnicity or race , btw ) are more advanced as humans than americans . 
  it 's just that in many european countries comprehensive education ( language , history , social science ) is * much * more international and introduces a wide variety of topics than for example `` civics class '' in the u.s. sure , most europeans know close to nothing about us political structures or geography ( apart from history ) , but then again how much value do you put on knowing just about the u.s. in an increasingly globalised world ? 
   romanians who is actually free  worth any sacrifice  this freedom we always dreamed to have  ancestors would cry of happiness your post is a lot better without your edit which sounds a bit rabid for a person as young as you . . you really should presume less about your `` ancestors '' and the lives of everybody who came before you . 
  sure , living standards are higher and things are going better but people have priorities . 
  this `` freedom '' you 're going on about meant a lot less to people who were mainly farmers and not under any nation-state whatsoever to begin with . 
   those children can barely be considered romanian i really disagree with your sentiment .
