german business interests would be just as harmed they would be the most harmed , it 's becasue german exports are cheaper that every other nation is leaching money to them, 
  if you want to be arrested ... sure, 
  throw a bottle of water straight past the face of a policeman/woman in your country and see what happens . 
  op plz do n't disappoint, 
  well unless i could roll it up and use it play the worlds smallest violin it sure did n't make me want to buy it . 
  no , you ca n't deliberately misrepresent what happened and its not the first time they did this sort of thing . 
  `` the life of a refugee '' featuring the most attractive 19y/o female syrian you ever seen was another shameful moment . 
  [ fixed ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ds9p19h.jpg ) yes i know it 's pol humor and not to be taken seriously, 
  karma if i ever seen it . 
   it 's such a powerful and emotive image , dude thats literally what propaganda is !!, 
  it 's meant to get an emotional response from the viewer, 
  well here is some actual propaganda from the bbc about this from yesterday then if that does n't pass your propaganda test . 
  i mean the reporter literally tells a lie https://vid.me/nhcc, 
  i do n't know about you but pictures of dead children do n't make me want to buy a newspaper any more . 
  putting a dead kid on the front of a newspaper is poverty porn not news, 
  propaganda does n't necessarily need a `` state '' behind it . 
  is the eu a state ? 
  no does n't stop them pushing incessant propaganda onto third party networks however, 
   edit : yay !, 
  thanks for taking my gold virginity . 
  do n't want to be a dick but if that person really cared about migrants and your message they could have donated that money to charity and not the media empire known as conde nast ( reddit ), 
  we live in the information age , the free tools and resources to teach oneself exist everywhere . 
  now i 'm not saying most have the drive and determination to do it themselves but this conversation is gone a long way from someone telling me you need tens of thousands to start a simple business . 
  eh chicago is not the countryside , there are over 70 cities in the us over 500k people but yet you somehow thing not being in new york is countryside ? 
  and yea i see nothing wrong with hungarian cities , cost of living is lower but so is wages . 
  same goes for romania . 
  what sort of shitpost is this or how did you even get that conclusion from my post ? 
  yes i ran a very successful one man company built from starting as a freelancer with nothing but my pc , i did n't want to become a manager and deal with people so i just kept it as my own company and chose not to expand but pick and choose clients instead . 
  the higher instantiates of parkinsons and other nervous system disorders in farmers clearly signals something is the cause of it . 
  i 'm not going to say it 's definitely monsanto or glyphosatebut something is definitely causing it, 
  i 'm not a prostitute i 'm a developer . 
  and yes you can start from nothing it 's called https://www.upwork.com/ if people really think you need handouts to start a business there really is something wrong with business culture in europe now, 
  hungary seems to have the most level headed cops i 've ever seen . 
  if i was that cop seeing bottles of water fly right past my face i would have lost it and opened up some whoop ass . 
  ahh the company that buys out anyone who criticizes them and swallows them whole . 
  years ago people had made the link between monsanto and colony collapse in bees but instead of listening they just bought the company who did the research and presumably told them to do something else . 
  [ monsanto buys bee-friendly pesticide researcher ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/ap/financialnews/d9q1m0uo0.htm ) just waiting for the monsanto pr crowd to come in here now and start calling me a conspiracy theorist, 
  til , chinese food and le olde kebab is pretty much the cheapest take out food you can get here bar shitty mcdonalds and that . 
  why was the article about the 14 year old norwegen girl getting gang raped by africans who only got community service deleted ? 
  this sub is gone back to it 's censorship roots . 
  apparently it 's ok to make meta posts questing mod decisions but now i 'm too afraid i 'll get banned for no valid reason * again *, 
   hundreds of thousands ? 
  i knew european entrepreneur culture was bad but you can start a business with nothing you know ... it 's called progression . 
  here is how it worked for me in the past and i never borrowed a cent but htat said i never hired staff as i did n't want the responsibility or more pressure . 
  freelance ...   client list   one person company from home   get an office    become a ltd company    hire staff, 
  i dunno but every shitty finnish town still has an asian restaurant . 
  all you need to do is make good food and people will come, 
   why would i live a small rural state when i could be living in new york ? 
  seems you are just as naive as the syrians coming to mother germany . 
  by and large newyork is a genuine shithole , i 'd probably try to go to chicago or westconsin somewhere since thats where all the native scandinavians settled before . 
  either that or colorado becasue snow and weed . 
  call it a training exercise ? 
  they have something like 1 million reservists iirc , you could rotate those troops pretty easily, 
   that means ground forces from the west . 
  nobody wants to do that though . 
  i think we should get russia to roll in and destroy them for us in return for an end to sanctions , they have already signaled they are willing and hey better to have them putting their soldiers in syria then ukraine, 
  well actually it is capitalisms fault in that it fails to allocate resources fairly and that is the main point of any economic system and then you have shit like planned obsolescence making sure the good things capitalism does produce are sub par quality . 
  if everyone wants a european standard of living we need three earths to provide it so how is capitalism is the fault thanks to its inherent inequality . 
  woah , did a politician just tell it as it is . 
  i 'm shocked and delighted :o, 
  yea so you do n't mind the nsa spying on your private communications then , look there is no reason whatsoever for american to invade our airspace , chances are they were spying on \u00c4land . 
   russia poses a credible threat to our sovereignty , the u.s. does n't . 
  i think you are a bit naive then or do you not consider the dominant us mantra of `` globalization '' as a threat to our sovereignty , for sure it 's a different kind of economic threat but in my view a threat none the less . 
  ( 58 % upvoted ) 188 votes the level of butthurt/i want to believe is incredible here, 
  why are you not mad about the americans invading our airspace like they did last week or is just the russians you 're prejudiced against ? 
  yow know they have even banned `` russian state media '' on this subreddit as well . 
  what next banning the bbc , the mods here are a joke acting as a stazi, 
  i see lots of discussion, 
  10/10 would crusade again, 
  thats funny , [ i was going to say kevin spacey ] ( http://i.imgur.com/54jvhsm.jpg ) putin 's looking well too . 
  ohh you mean in the business to business way , i kind of meant how could the ordinary joe get in on the rail company corruption with free tickets or stuff, 
  corrupt , is that even possible that public transport can be corrupted ? 
  thanks man ( and for the numbers ) , i almost forgot regional , regional subreddits exist . 
  basically i have no real idea yet but i 'm a pretty ok developers salary in the mid 2k range and working near the old town so i 'll probably get a place near the center or at least on the tram lines . 
  based on nothing but maps , pictures and a few prices probably p\u00f5hja-tallinn , kalamaja or tondi . 
  i hear telliskivi is like the real hipster district now ... or at least if number of airbnb rentals is anything to go by it seems so . 
  to be honest i 'm not too bothered , decent , regular and not too crowded connections to the center and ability to easily reach shops is all i 'm after . 
  oh and cheap beer , did i mention cheap beers !, 
  that makes sense ... thanks, 
  ^ ^ ^ i see this sub is a fan of the famous unnecessary eu bureaucracy as well, 
  thanks , off topic but do you know is burglary a realistic prospect for apartments in tallinn centrum . 
  i never even considered the idea of someone breaking into my apartment here as first they have to get through the front door and then the apartment door and the chances of being caught in the common areas just make it not worthwhile , why not rob a house instead where at least there will be less people coming and going . 
  seems i 'm going to be in for some culture shock if i move from finland to tallinn then . 
  i guess `` less taxes , more crime '' will be order of the day then . 
  can you tell me why is `` steel door '' something i see advertised in apartment rentals in estonia ( and i guess by russia too ) i 've been online apartment hunting in tallinn and seeing steel door advertises as a good thing was kind of weird as it just makes me wonder it a this some sort of rough neighborhood or something ? 
  nah man , you 're just a right wing squirrel racist, 
  that 's a very naive attitude to have when you border and do a lot of trade with great power states like russia . 
  in general it 's best to keep face turned to both sides so your ass is turned to nether . 
  i just came here to say , what a beautiful fence . 
  fine hungarian handywork, 
  for the males they should at least consider that test they use on pedophiles where they put a band around the penis and make them watch child porn . 
  for women they have something that measures moisture . 
   bearing in mind that , if you 're an economic migrant pretending to be a syrian refugee , it 's incredibly unlikely you 'll be able to afford a voice coach . 
  you may be right but there are lots of actual syrians who might do a bit of work on the side for less right now ... who knows, 
  nope just played way too much eu4, 
  so wait , one local group states on a facebook page where refugee housing is going up locally and everyone shits the bed saying sd are handing out maps and hit lists of all refugee accommodation . 
  is n't it the job of local party 's to inform local people about whats going on locally ? 
  are you saying people do n't have a right to protest these centers if they so wish ? 
   nope , did they intend to kill people ? 
  and likewise i doubt these people actually intend to kill anyone but rather stop them staying in their local areas .
