just an euphemism for `` mild xenophobia '' . 
  have you seen your own username ? 
  in the uk we do n't have padded rooms because it goes against convention . 
  we send people to the room with sharp and rusty objects . 
  we 're the epicentre . 
  it 's you lot that are all cramped up on one side . 
  we , the enlightened world liberators , magnanimously * allowed * the woad-soaked a generous referendum to embrace their alighierian descent to the 'em ancipation ' from the wonderful , in september 2014 . 
  the wise & grateful scots defeated the knickerless nihilist fish-based fifth column 55:44 . 
  one of us . 
  one of us . 
  i can go one better . 
  `` i respect your whisky opinion . '', 
  yeah , you put an irish whiskey on the eu 's side of the table and a scottish whisky goes on the uk 's and it 's match point . 
  it 's what 's in the bottle , not how it 's spelled on the label . 
  the scots are part of the uk and they are leaving ... 
  i 'm in france now . 
  sorry , it does n't compare ( and it 's not all angus - there 's galloway , hereford and longhorn all bred for meat over dairy ) , but there 's plenty of other french produce that is simply better . 
  so please do n't take offense . 
  apparently moo meat is better for being rained on a lot . 
  and by rained on a lot it 's the grass which means improved marbling . 
  i was surprised to find out that the uk actually has more cheeses than france - but they seem to have a lot more goat/sheep cheese . 
  love their roquefort but i do n't know how they do the strong ammonia stuff . 
  they do n't given that it is the importer that sets tariffs . 
  the uk could unilaterally lower tariffs on the sort of produce uk farms ca n't churn out but which european farms do and food prices would fall . 
  it would the european exporters then competing with other exporters on british shelves at global market prices . 
  the conservatives are already indicating that it is their intention to get ahead of the curve and reduce tariffs once out . 
  economist professor patrick minford at the cardiff business school calculated that the uk could lower food costs by nearly 20 % . 
  you 're missing a trick . 
  your poultry is vastly superior but the beef is wanting . 
  it would have invited a whisky being put on the other side of the table . 
  sorry , ireland , but you 're not going to come off well there . 
  sure , why not ? 
  might as well add a couple of barrels onto the bill for the unveiling ceremony . 
  probably should be thankful they did n't ask for a new brewery . 
  czechia can provide the lager , though . 
  might as well add the cost of a bigger desk onto juncker 's # 100bn brexit fee . 
  it is n't a birthright . 
  it was a recognition for services . 
  but if you do n't want to acknowledge it , do n't . 
  but if you do want to acknowledge it , it does n't mean you adopt the system as your own , much as a republican president does n't become less of a republican for calling the queen her majesty when they meet . 
   i do n't see why i would reserve that special treatment to brits . 
  then do n't . 
  it 's polite if you do , but then politeness is just societal pressure . 
  you do n't have to . 
  just as if we met for the first time i would n't have to call you mister toughlove , i could just refer to you as `` oi , you '' , or if you were a doctor i would n't have to respect the years you 'd put in earning your doctorate but just refer to you as mister toughlove or just toughlove . 
  out of respectful convention and for what you 'd done i would call you mister toughlove , or doctor toughlove if applicable , the first time we met . 
  sir roger probably would n't have expected you to call him sir roger and would have responded just as genially to mr. moore . 
  most recipients are just so . 
  but if you do want to be respectful to a man for what he 's done , the recognition others have paid him , the title he holds , then you address him accordingly . 
  much as if a republican president meets her majesty , even if it 's the us president , with orders more hard and soft power and not one of her subjects , then they 'll still address her as her majesty the first time talking to her in a conversation ( after that it 's m'am ) . 
  he did n't get knighted for having ` blue blood ' or ancestry . 
  he was knighted for services to charity after using his fame on stage to become a unicef goodwill ambassador and working with them for over a decade . 
  ouch !, 
  you do n't pull your punches , do you ? 
  i like that . 
  just declare independence from fife if relations have gotten so bad . 
  `` i 'm not scottish , i 'm just very cross ! '', 
  ffs sort your shit out calais \u0ca0_\u0ca0 ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  to be fair , they 've got a point . 
  thatcher campaigned for the uk to be part of the eec and common market , but even before the launch of the single market she warned in bruges what would be a possible path for the uk to tread and what would n't . 
  uk eurosceptics set up a eurosceptical group shortly after named the bruges group after thatcher 's own concerns half a decade earlier ( ukip would be a political splinter that would come out of it ) . 
  you can look at thatcher 's bruges speech or the bruges group . 
  when the uk took the presidency under blair he does so saying he 'll use the term to press for reforms and campaigned on a 2005 manifesto pledge of holding a referendum . 
  he tied relinquishing part of the uk rebate to cap reform , which in good faith he signed part away . 
  the reforms never materialised . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2005/jun/11/uk.eu then we move back to the uk conservatives back in ascendancy and despite trying to reform the epp from within they had to leave when they would n't compromise on their federal nature to set up the ecr , a pro-remain but still eurosceptic eu reform group . 
  pressing the very same reforms they 'd failed elsewhere . 
  they tried both in the established blocs they 'd helped set up and outside to not relentlessly pursue federalism as a point of principle . 
  this would ultimately lead in the largest eu voting bloc in the european parliament , whose candidate would become the president of the commission , from not running a single affiliated party candidate in the uk . 
  there were even moments of uk near unification where the three largest eu uk parties all voted together to block meps allowances being increased at a time when much of the rest of the eu countries were facing austerity . 
  it still carried . 
  they tried to limit budgets and they still increased . 
  they tried to extend limits on bank capital reserves to allow some to be more resilient . 
  they were blocked . 
  we can even go back to before the referendum and note the difference between where cameron 's negotiation started for a reformed eu and the fig leaf that came back . 
  a perhaps fair criticism of the uk is that it never really jumped in . 
  that it always had one dry foot outside the bathwater . 
  even there , the opt outs that the uk did secure were won as an appeasement or concession for the eu as a broader whole heading in direction the uk had campaigned against . 
  in reality the uk had been ringing the church bells for 28 years about the direction of the eu ever since eu federalist , commissioner and socialist jacques delors first came to the uk to address the main worker union , the tuc , and persuaded them to start supporting the eu project undermining what thatcher had struggled with in her earlier years as pm . 
  with delors telling them what they had failed to do at the uk ballot and on the uk picket lines they could achieve through the eu . 
   broadest multi-stakeholder coalition that 's one of the issues with the eu at a parliament level . 
  a broad multi-stakeholder coalition is easy because at an eu level there is so much congruence . 
  in the first eu presidential elections in 2014 four federalists took to the stage for the debates . 
  federalist a , federalist b , federalist c , federalist d. only four people took part in the debate that night . 
  in 2015 a grand coalition was announced and there are three party blocs in it : the conservative epp , socialist & democrats , liberal & democrats . 
  all federalists . 
  when you look at the spectrum of the parties all with an overlapping common agenda there 's always a quid pro quo to be made . 
  but all that 's speculative , in a sense . 
  if you want a smoking gun of lobbying in action then we have to look for it . 
  a lobbyist register was passed to supposedly make lobbying more transparent . 
  it was hailed as a win . 
  it certainly seemed that way . 
  it was voluntary . 
  the lobbyists succeeded in lobbying for a lobbying register which they could walk around !, 
  at the time of the european elections , on the grounds of transparency , there was a push by the now commission to make it mandatory . 
  then it was noted that this was still more smoke and mirrors as it had been lobbied that a mandatory register would n't be enforceable , which makes it only mandatory in name . 
  https://arstechnica.co.uk/tech-policy/2016/09/eu-commission-lobbying-transparency-register/ when large corporations lobby for regulation they 're absorbing costs which puts smaller competitors out of business . 
  here we have guy acknowledging that red tape has gotten out of hand . 
  the juncker commission has said the same thing . 
  the barroso commission before it even ran on the same platform , understanding that it was small and medium sized businesses that were struggling , enterprises which collectively , increasingly provided the bulk of employment .
