  the latter of course . 
  source in estonian http://www.postimees.ee/3384913/tv3-video-kas-oppusel-mindi-pagulaste-kujutamisega-ule-piiri, 
  http://www.ecb.europa.eu/euro/coins/comm/html/index.en.html look under 2009, 
  pff ... like this is something new and revolutionary ? ... 
  what imperialist country has n't done this ? 
  it 's good to hear peoples opinions from turkey . 
  thank you !, 
  i think nothing has changed , at least not for now . 
  just wait and see . 
  what has actually changed for you after brexit ? 
  these things take time and even if some things do n't go so well , other better things still happen . 
  oh and do n't take everything you read here or see on tv so seriously . 
  a wall is a pretty solid thing . . :d joking aside , the level of panic is just absurd here . 
  chill dudes , let the guy at least take office first ... 
  life changes . 
  so what ? 
  i 'm 35 and i have had 3 ( sic ! ), 
  different currencies already ( russian rouble , estonian kroon and now $ ) . 
  my mother has had 6 !, 
  those who adabt - win . 
  if you come to help , sure !, 
  china . 
  just chill the fk out . 
  i survived the breakup of soviet union . 
  this is childs play compared to it . 
  well it is 2016 . 
  the year when everything happens ... 
  i think the most `` awsome '' way should be drowing in oil . 
  naaahh , meat stays fresh when kept in cold . 
  it 's the circle of ( troll ) life . . 
  not just any tires , spiked tires wtf !, 
  they will be banned soon though . . 
  of course not , russian elite for example send their children to study in eu . 
  this is pure propaganda so that the avarage russian would not figure out what really happens . 
  and yet , the elite in russia still sends all their children to european schools . . what are they thinking ffs !!!? 
  so the invasion of motherland is already complete ? 
  so ... how does a `` european '' city have to look like ? 
  is this the blood donor question . . ? 
  dividing was not a mistake , the way it was divaided was . 
  yes , 2 last candidates did not get majority votes ( 60 voters said fu ) . 
  and one of the biggest political parties keskerakond is in serious turmoil . 
  next 2 weeks gon na be good * grabs popcorn, 
  new cover for this sub ? 
  fear sells . . 
  and look there germany is now , compared to other countries who won or lost ww2 ... half joking of course but what is one election ? 
  humanity is shit sometimes but in the long run it works out just fine . 
  both !, 
  not a major problem , just look at moscow olympics , 
  yes !, 
  or `` the former principality of the holy roman empire '' ... blah :p, 
  gdp is a good number only for big companies and big finance . 
  also forced immigration from russia proper . 
  i can already smell the medals , caviar and vodka ... 
  adolf did nothing wrong, 
  knock knock, 
  you mean best dakota ? 
  sadly russia has many `` friends '' . . 
  run by adults with no kids . . they really do n't care what the future brings . 
  merkel , may , macron ... 0 kids , 0 future . 
  it 's a nodic store ( prisma ) . 
  we like when profits made here go to over countries . . 
  austria is not a nato member ... 
  whaat ?? 
  til . . 
  yeah but is n't it ironic how the network to connect the world and spread globalism is actually helping the opposite ... zuckerberg is our modern day oppenheimer . 
  our bible belt right there . . 
  large part of those are booze bums killing each other in a drunken frenzy . 
  yup , germany is why we have the 500 $ paper note . 
  but not for long ... too easy to move large amonuts of cash . 
  insert `` in soviet russia '' joke here . 
  also something about trump tweeting furiously ... 
  again these trustful survey numbers . 
  just like brexit , just like trump . 
  yeah , mining the straits is much easier . . 
  and he has a son . 
  more about mass soviet deportations : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/june_deportation, 
  actually i do n't even know what to think of it all . 
  only thing good about it ( and brexit ) is the wakeup call . 
  wow you really thing i 'm serious ? 
  and do n't forget , that putin is behind it all . . 
  more pay will not make you more competent, 
  you should see athens, 
  it 's indeed the vatican council ii . 
  what about vatican ? 
  will this do ? 
  from strong and stable to blown and hung ... 
  yes , we gib and you pay dept ok ? 
  i did not seal this coming ... 
  gib investment please ... , 
  or gay father of dragons . . 
  you mean european colonies ? 
  yeah and up to -11 this night . 
  coming from a country where we have had money reforms ( mostly plain devaluations ) at every 20 or so years i do n't see this a problem . 
  it 's just money . 
  aa yes , the old scare tactics . 
  we are too big to fail and all that other bla bla bla is making me sick . 
  world wo n't stop if some rich bankers take a hit . 
  regular people will do just fine . 
  most of them are already on the verge of poverty anyway . 
  if banks fail , some new system will emerge and sure thing it will be a better system .
