  we will have a dying society  since the early 1990s , *** some 20 million of central and east europeans *** most talented workers have left-for western europe . 
  thats depressing man . 
  i always assume that to fix this is simply to encourage the civilians to make more kids lol . 
  but lithuania is small so i can understand the reluctance in this regard . 
  i am always for people to stay in there country and do contributive things rather then leaving it and going to another country because it offers a much more better opportunity . 
  but the guy in the video also spoke about the tax hike so that can also be very counter productive . 
  good article . 
  * `` the state provides everything : housing , unemployment benefits and education . 
  yet those people are not happy . 
  i do n't get it . 
  '' - `` they are crazy . 
  i ca n't believe my eyes , '' said mohammad halabi , 32 , a syrian who arrived in germany as a refugee some 18 months ago . 
  `` they have such a beautiful country and they 're destroying it . 
  '' * i always enjoy hearing the perspective of refugees/migrants in regards to things like this . 
  the way he speaks , paints germany as people who truly do n't know what they got and dont apprieciate it and i fine that interesting to hear . 
  i am not for this riot due to the extreme violence that i have heard happened . 
  peaceful protesting is much preferable to me . 
   cyprus talks have collapsed before , most spectacularly in 2004 , when greek cypriots rejected a u.n. reunification blueprint in a referendum while turkish cypriots backed it . 
  it took several years for the united nations to re-engage . 
  i will admit and own up to the fact that all this time i always assumed that it was turkey that prevented unification . 
  i always believed that the greek cypriots were always pro unification ( again my fault again for my lack of not understanding ) . 
  but any greeks in cyprus can explain why it was rejected in 2004 ? . 
  yeah ofc , i just wrote it that way because of laziness hah ( also i forgot how to spell lithuanian ), 
  that is really cool !, 
  i always wonder if people would hold onto the old banknotes of elizabeth . 
  hey if it makes you feel better , i may not have seen it but i forgive you . 
  we all make mistakes , it happens : ), 
  it was once part of the polish commonwealth which means that belarus has a wonderful and rich history with the poles and russians . 
  same, 
  it 's pretty nice !, 
  looking forward to the `` guns of europe '' thing lol . 
  the german country has been doing great things , i do not think `` spending '' money on useless things is something i would prefer countries follow on . 
  the idea that somehow , the germans should change there positively exemplary policies simply to benefit others is ridiculous , idk , just my thoughts . 
  i always have a sense of admiration for people like that guy who was willing to , despite the mans actions , give him a chance of redemption or a chance to change and rewrite the wrongs . 
  you do n't see that a lot , you would mostly see people who act like that women who doubted and scoffed at him trying to change . 
  yes of course , i wo n't say you are wrong because you are n't . 
  but i do notice that people would notice the u.s / canada before they notice europe because america is more active when it comes to international politics . 
  while it 's a nice video . 
  i think working on the video editing skills should be advised and picking better footage rather than nazi soldiers should be preferred if you want to gain some appreciation for the video ,, 
  whenever i hear someone say `` western values '' i assume they 're specifically speaking about the u.s / canada . 
  american values = western values since they 're the one who pulls the strings on a more global scale . 
  german language is nice and i think it is a beautiful language , i really like it . 
  i have however , grown to love moreso polish so while german is nice , i prefer to stick to learning polish from my good friends in poland lol : b, 
  honestly , i do n't think people are giving the jordanians enough credit . 
  they have been doing a lot given there size . 
  i got ta say , aint nothing wrong with having a good looking leader !, 
  like how ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking . 
  thanks for providing that article . 
  but from this article , it looks like its an extension of the one you posted with just additional information though . 
  but why is it a repost if the new article has new information on it ? 
  can i know , how exactly they knew more than 30 boats left libya ? 
  is libya being actively monitored ? 
  this is wonderful to me . 
  so many people still lives in regions that has no access to some things and i think this would be a great way to connect them . 
  i just wish the price was much higher because 1.7 b is n't enough to me , perhaps im misunderstanding it . 
  but i look forward to news about this !, 
  be nice to see more people in eu space inspired , would benefit the union as a whole long term . 
  given how terrorist sometimes uses these messenger applications to recruit or communicate with others or try using the social media to encourage people from outside to declare `` jihad '' on innocent civilians . 
  even the article said how there reasoning was that , * it can let criminals and terrorist communicate without fear of being tracked by police , pointing in particular to its use by islamic state jihadist . 
  * which is why , i think everyone needs to see the big picture if terrorist or other militant organisations are actually using these sorts of messaging apps to recruit the youth . 
  which is why if the root cause these young guys being recruited through these social media/msg apps then i think . 
  . being compliant is helpful . 
  but , as you already stated . 
  these are corrupt officials and if that is the case then i really support telegrams refusal . 
  they 're , to me , another problem that has to be dealt with if we are to really defend and fight against terrorism cooperatively, 
  so if we can get the banking union thing sorted . 
  this sort of issue would not happen anymore ? 
  the croatians came a long way !, 
  : ) hope its people and the country continue walking the path of prosperity . 
  and always remember , despite its size , it will always have a place in the european union ^ ^, 
  you are right . 
  i believe dialogue is the way to go if you want change . 
  lmao , this is very funny xd, 
  i 've came across small clips with him speaking in a room of other people who were islamic or apologist or etc . 
  i liked these small clips but i question the wording . 
  europe on the brink , reminds me of a community destined to collapse or maybe im just overthinking the word here . 
  i enjoy all discussions regards to important issues happening . 
  it 's only be chance did i come across douglas murray . 
  but at the same time , i read people writing that he is right-wing . 
  i do n't know this man enough to see this since i just saw 3-4 videos of him and he did n't say bad things ( imo ) so i ca n't see the right-wing accusation in him . 
  the issue is latency and i hope that issue is talked about on how to deal with it . 
  i love how , when you have pictures of german women in art , there hair is often braided and italian women have their hair tied with leaves . 
  wow i didnt know that !, 
  thats pretty cool . 
  oh my goodness , what have you done to france ? 
  my friend was talking about this . 
  i love poland , at least they , unlike the west are willing to speak up . 
  i feel bad for that guy in 0:12 , guy was just minding his business . 
  but i feel like , ou should have been able to see these people running up to you no ? . 
  but to the cops , they dont get enough credit man . 
  thank god they came in time . 
  i guess the austro-hungarians were like the french with all those colours and clothing hahaha . 
  what better way to fight then to fight with style , hm ? 
  i liked the comment of one the response to the article . 
  -----  i think the authors miss a key point here . 
  the global elite in europe and america want their vision for a globalist world where national boundaries do n't exist and where gender and identity politics drive everything and they are going fight for it . 
  we now live in a binary world ( the computer by definition being binary ) . 
  it is either the global way or the highway for these folks . 
  perhaps some kind of third way exists , as the authors mention , for a global world that respects nations and their cultures .
