  though the hills would 've been a problem for me i think :d, 
  really ? 
  i mean , thats why i put the '' ? '', 
  cause i was unsure if it was true or not . 
  really ? 
  i mean , thats why i put the '' ? '', 
  cause i was unsure if it was true or not . 
  what i know about austria . 
  - they do n't like being called germans . 
  idky . 
  in fact , i think because of the fact that i once dated an austrian girl who often did n't like how i 'd associate austria and germany together . 
  through her , i 've always separated the two country and accepted that they are two different people . 
  - everytime i see austria , i always am reminded of her empire , great but small and no longer involve itself in politics . 
  - i am reminded of austria 's lost territory to italy and i sometimes wonder what if austria wants it back ? 
  - as someone who is a royalist , i am always wondering or wishing if things had went better for the empire . 
  maybe austria would be in nicer shape - fun fact ? 
  : archduke otto of austria was the leader of the austrian resistance during ww2 , though , many of the monarchist that backed him were persecuted during anschluss - even tho austria is small , i always wished austria had a more active role in the european union . 
  i mean , it doesnt hurt , though it probably is my fault if they are and im not noticing . 
  - german is fucking hard man !, 
  :d - whenever i say austria its like saying '' awww . 
  . tree . 
  a '' - to austria !, 
  , size does not matter , remember !, 
  its the smallest stars that tends to always have the biggest impact , 
  sorry , i would have responded before but this app was not working right . 
  do you use a reddit app ? 
  if so what ? 
  maybe what you are using would work rather than this one . 
  ----- sorry for my earlier comments , i was in the moment , so i was feeling very passionate about what i thought ( where you are so much in love with the concept and wanting it to work ) , especially how i am nationalistic/patriotic ( ? ) . 
  but i am not the right person to speak about policies or `` problems '' you mentioned . 
  i only have suggestions on what i believe in , but im no politician . 
  your suggestion is most likely different from mines . 
  and that 's alright but i prefer we all talk about pulse europe , since that is what matters , national unity , a unity of all groups , of all different religions following the same path of greatness !, 
  thanks guys for the hard work in reaching these people to do the ama . 
  even though many dont align with them , its nice you guys are having a more neutral ground and allowing people with different ideologies to do ama . 
  then they dont belong there . 
  i do n't know if what i ' just said sounds awful but i hope not . 
  i equally like and believe in helping everyone but , if you are unwilling to adapt , accept the laws of the country you 've lived in for a while . 
  their language , culture , tradition , unwilling to drop what you brought from another place , then you should go somewhere else . 
  i feel like , we 've went through so much struggle , just to see this dream of a more european unity become a thing . 
  where all european culture and tradition can be shared through common historical connections . 
  i mean think about it , our ancestors , from a long time ago , would have never believed something like this could happen . 
  and i do n't want someone from a far away region to come and say `` i dont want to accept your ideals , customs , language , culture , etc '' that 's wrong and spits on the face of all the great politicians and citizens that fought very hard for this dream . 
  yes , even their kids should go . 
  growing up , i always believed that if you give people time , they can change , giving them the benefit of the doubt and being patient . 
  however , if you are talking about * generations * of kids who have not still embraced the european way , culture , language , etc. 
  additionally , with all the billions of euros being put to ensure full eu integration , then its you , not us . 
  i asked what exactly are you ? 
  i know you are european . 
  but what exactly ... are you ? , which group of people do you belong to . 
  this is bout european unity , i do n't think this is the best time to argue . 
  we should be glad we can walk across each other 's borders without having to a soldier or military . 
  maybe this would best be for another time . 
  see you friend , 
  that is your opinion . 
  and you are fine to have it . 
  if you are concerned about me as i 've seen you mentioned , i am french american , born in america but was raised in france with the rest of my family until i became of age to start school . 
  but i appreciate your concern . 
  may i ask , what you are ? 
  so long as you are born in the eu and embrace/adopt the respective european countries culture , tradition and way of life and identify ones self by not just the nationality but also identifying as european 2nd and nothing more then you will be considered a european comrade in my eyes . 
  i am not attacking you and you have every right to have this opinion so long as i have mine . 
  i 've grown tired of a divided eu , it 's annoying after awhile . 
  oh shoot , i didnt even notice the uk gone hahaha, 
  i love this . 
  i love it even more when i see people with darker skin identifying as european and supporting this . 
  a true unified place for europeans . 
  even tho i have strong sense of pride in france i do see how much greater france can be in eu . 
  this is just the beginning !, 
  i hope we fund films or movies to promote pulse europe . 
  you know , like films that are based in europe doing something cool . 
  or a music type of thing . 
  idk , a lot of great things can come from this . 
  i hope this fire is n't put out !, 
  keep doing the good work guys , 
  its true its not said often and i wish more people were aware of this , greece would be in a much better position long term . 
  legitimists . 
  -- however , i do think that legitimists working with the orl\u00e9anist would be beneficial . 
  though , i am aware of the compromises and adjustments that would need to be made for such cooperation to be fruitful if that makes sense . 
  what i know about croatia is very little , not to disrespect them . 
  but here are the few things i know about them . 
  - the croats wanted to move away from yugoslavia but serbia believed in the yugoslavia concept and said `` come on croatia , do n't do this . '', 
  and croatia responded with `` chill , i want out , sorry . '', 
  - as a die hard monarchist , i am well aware of the croats having there own kingdom as well . 
  but it unfortunately did n't last for very long unfortunately . 
  - hopefully this doesnt come off the wrong way but there women are beautiful , im so serious when i say that . 
  you hear everyone saying how russian women are hot ? 
  yea well , go to croatia . 
  really ? 
  wow , do you know why that is the case ? 
  i like the grave . 
  it 's really something to marvel at . 
  the person that helped shaped turkey is laying at that very spot , i wonder what feelings people get when they go there . 
  can you share from your pov of what makes her a dictator ? 
  or what makes her appear to have dictator like attitudes ? 
  oh no its cool , i dont mind the corrections lol . 
  i know little of australia besides what i mentioned so the fact that an australian can come and provide insight on what i said and clear some things would actually help so its no problem , you wouldnt be seen as bitter , especially from me . 
  interesting , i thought the saudi arabian government were wahhabist ? 
  why would they promote something that does n't promote wahhabism ? 
  every form of religion , if interpreted extremely will be able to find a verse that commands beheadings . 
  all i know about australia i show its often associated with europe and how close it with to europe .
