  i respect you guys and the methods you guys are willing to take . 
  willing to wait `` days '' for them to surrender is admirable . 
  i am sorry for that response . 
  but i am trying to respond to the way i am seeing it . 
  propaganda can work to sway the populatons , however , those who are not swayed by propaganda can easily be incited by the ways they see things . 
  but , as someone pointed out earlier , its the legal system working so we should not be upset at them for doing there job in the court . 
  i agree with you , it bothers me alil however but you are very correct t the end of the day . 
   it 's scary that people like you push far right wing propaganda ???? 
  people like me pushing far right propaganda despite myself being against far right movements ? . 
  are you serious ?!, 
  i 'll ignore this blatant accusation of yours . 
  things like this further incites the people actually born in germany and justifies their future attacks or etc upon the migrants or islamic migrants . 
  its scary that none of them seem to see this . 
  i just dont understand ...  as an example , he talked about the case of a 15-year-old girl who fell in love with a boy in her neighbourhood . 
  `` she called the boy on the phone that night and said she would commit suicide if he did not come to kidnap her , '' said mr demirda\u011f , `` then the boy kidnap [ ped ] her '' . 
  `` afterwards they [ got ] married according to the norms of the neighbourhood . 
  when the case came to us , they were already married officially and they had three kids . 
  before the [ new ] law came into force , the boy would have been sentenced to a minimum eight years and four months [ in prison ] . '' i dont understand this , why would he be sentenced to jail if the girl was aware of what she was doing . 
  she consented to the marriage . 
  however , your free from the law so long as you marry the person you rape 'd ... 
  i did not know that falling in love with someone was a crime but forcing marriage upon the victim with the rapist is considered civil . 
  i have good friends who are turks so out of respect to them , this policy or law in turkey is messed up man . 
  must be nice lmao . 
  lol , i remember my mom saying harry potter is the devils film . 
  i still watched it though , just without her presence out of respect but its still funny to me when people often reference harry potter to evil spirits lol, 
  not all americans in the states considers themselves `` north americans '' . 
  i wonder what state you experience this from , would give me a better idea . 
  i only meant mexicans who calls themselves mexicans , not by the continent and americans calling themselves `` american '' . 
  exactly !, 
  its interesting when you think like that . 
  the french ? 
  well said . 
  im told that the burka is not a religious requirement . 
  so its not fair to say that outlawing them from wearing it would not be in violation of muslim law . 
  the only thing that is said is that they are to dress modestly . 
  no mention of the burqa . 
  so im somewhat confused about why people are against the ban or considering this a religious infringement . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  you are right . 
  i guess its just hard for people to swallow that known fact . 
  i due respect and enjoy people honouring the large sacrifices there fellow brothers and sisters made for there nation . 
  thanks for sharing, 
  man ... that picture of that finnish leader . 
  he looks beat and afraid and putin looking , confident like always . 
  you had to download it to see it lol , my bad . 
  how does the map look like ? 
  i tried going on dropbox but couldnt see anything . 
  sorry if somone said this already . 
  historical moments in france that i love , is charlemagne the great who , king louis xi , king henry iv , king louis xiv and lastly , the emperor , napoleon , an emperor who , just like charlemagne , made us into the most powerful , unmatched nation in europe . 
  it 's upsetting tbh . 
  though i do n't know you , i do hope you are safe ( going by your flair ), 
  my prayers to the effected families . 
  the turks * just * went through a terrorist attack couple months ago ... 
  thats great . 
  i think this is the right path to fixing relations . 
   wishing for a second coming of hitler . 
  this reminded me when i was going home from school on the school bus . 
  young people around here often are dicks and would chant `` hitler is coming '' to jewish residents they see walking . 
  there was an incident the bus driver immediately stopped and shamed all of us , everyone ( even the ones who didnt say anything because she was appalled by the fact people in the bus can say such a thing . 
  regardless if the people were joking around . ), 
  will never forget that sort of incident . 
   humans are tribal by nature i agree . 
  and it makes sense , anyone who shares the same culture / language and identity are more likely to prefer living and communicating with someone who shares the same values / culture as them . 
  irregardless of skin tone . 
  its interesting , even in 21st century tribalism is still an occurrence . 
  while i understand there reasons , it still makes no sense . 
  no one seems to understand that this effects * everyone * which makes me dislike how very selfish there argument is . 
  this sort of selfish argument of there 's is bordering the line of xenophobia and very hypocritical considering these type of arguments are coming from africans . 
  you are correct in labeling it racism . 
  however , its unfortunate some believe it not to be . 
  but then again to each his own . 
  skin color is very much irrelevant because , as you pointed out , * there are arab and african caucasians too * . 
  i usually just differentiate by the language group or cultural background . 
  i like your username lol . 
  we are all the same . 
  what separates us is our national , cultural and religious identity . 
  the french people today who all loved and followed napoleon looks no differently then the french people living in france or in america . 
  lol , she looks drunk . 
  but i shouldnt say that . 
  but its funny because the guy kept laughing and that `` chicken and eggs '' reasons really did it for me . 
  and what of quebec ??? 
  hypocrite . 
  have a good night . 
  you should not scold / u/random-guy 410 for having such views on eu . 
  its a noble vision for to have towards other eu states . 
  and considering how fast the world is changing and its global economy , unity between states/kingdoms is a must . 
  we are no longer in a world where all the wealth is in one place ( europe ) . 
  lol , idky but i read this in dj khaled 's voice . 
  the man who is responsible for the most unnecessary brutal killings towards the irish people . 
  the word cunt is well deserved . 
  just got the news saying the scott 's are planning on a second attempt after the uk referendum . 
  i honestly felt it was gon na happen . 
  only because a lot of those that wanted to remain were irish and scotland . 
  i 'm still trying to process great britain no longer part of eu . 
  but the scots and irish people 's responses to this should be expected . 
  i said the same thing when i got this news . 
   that 's what you get for being a bridge . 
  same can be said for a lot of countries . 
   europe is actually under us hegemony and nobody even really seems to notice it thats actually pretty scary when you think about it . 
  lol , that was very funny .
