  which means its really bad , right ? 
  or . .  that 's because , according to the imf , average italians still earn less than they did two decades ago . 
  its that bad ? 
  i wonder what the situation was for italy before to compare . 
  why do you think taking down the kim dynasty during korean war would be easy ? . 
  do you know who was involved ? 
  it was n't just north korea and the un . 
  they 're spending the whole time saying how they do n't give a sht and how nice of a time they 're having in prison and dedicating the song to other people . 
  all of what they 're saying is repetitive ... they also say * d\u00e9j\u00e0 tout petit j' bicravait mes l\u00e9gos * = as a kid i used to steal my lego bricks . 
  this is embarrassing . 
  that is what fascinates me the most , someone of that age still going to battle ! . 
  it 's pretty inspiring when you think about it . 
   i do recommend reading the actual article , too . 
  it is an old and horrible practice that ** law enforcement has been tirelessly fighting for a long , long time ** . 
  it is fucking sad how low people get . 
  do you have any solutions to it ? 
  what is making it difficult ? 
  politics ? 
  or is it something else ? 
  wealth ? , etc. 
  what would you think , is the root problem ? 
   belarus has identity crisis can you please explain this ? 
  i 'm interested to know what you mean by that . 
  are people ashamed for being belarusian ? 
  are you talking about the lack of pride of being belarusian ? 
  etc ? . 
  worth it . 
  i enjoed watching it . 
  btw , what song was playing in 2:01 and 8:41 ? 
  those are nice songs !, 
  but nice video man, 
   police had demolished protesters ' tents when eimermacher tried to leave the area , telling police he felt unwell . 
  he said that officers pushed him and several other journalists to the centre of a field . 
  he showed his press card , which was slapped out of his hand by a police officer who then pepper sprayed him . 
   on 8 july , spiegel online photographer chris grodotzki said police assaulted him with pepper spray while he was covering protests in schulterblatt . 
  taz reporter martin kaul sustained minor injuries when he was hit by protesters while live-streaming the demonstration , according to deutschlandfunk . 
  m\u00fcller noted that some attacks by protesters targeted journalists they perceived as right-wing , `` but in some cases it seems that people were already so ` high on violence ' that they hurt journalists regardless of their political affiliation . '' it was very violent when it happened . 
  i saw pictures of journalists with bruised marks on some parts of there body . 
  as he said * `` they hurt journalists regardless of there political affiliation '' '' * it sucks but feel if you want to be a journalist , you 're going to have to accept that this sort of experience will happen . 
  i like his attitude towards what he said in the end though !, 
  it 's a good spirit to always have as a journalist . 
   m\u00fcller does not think that this treatment will intimidate journalists into stepping back from events like this in the future . 
  `` quite the opposite , i think that many journalists and their outlets are quite resilient against such types of violence or blocked access . 
  g20 brought press freedom issues to the forefront in germany and made journalists even more aware of their role as critical observers , even in the middle of such violent tension and intimidation attempts . '', 
   germany got where it was because no one else was taking charge within it . 
  you ca n't hate on them for taking the mantle when no one else was willing to . 
  really ? 
  can you give examples ? 
  late response !, 
  sorry , thanks so much for the link , do you think there is a translation in english or french ? 
  does it say that in the article ? 
  i admit , i read it to quickly . 
  or perhaps , there is another article where she is pro-putin ? 
  i really admire her attitude . 
  it ' sucks , seriously and i hope the protesters are successful in there mission for a better romania . 
  you 're right , unfortunately, 
  you win . 
  hello / u/peterjackson2050 the article you posted for us to read is not working for me . 
  it works obv , but i ca n't read the full thing because i have to pay . 
  do you think , you can copy and paste the whole thing for some of us ? 
  i 'd apprieciate it . 
   ms downes said the case could have been solved sooner had there not been a 13-year delay in releasing the footage . 
  13 years ? 
  why so long ? . 
   23:00 : she heads back into the town centre and parts from her friend near the junction of talbot road and abingdon street . 
  cctv shows a possible further sighting of charlene with a taller woman at the junction with dickson road . 
  were they able to find this women ? 
  why did they go after the suspected males but i do n't see where they went after the women . 
  so much could 've happened in all those years you know . 
  she would be 28 right now and they 're still finding her ... all of this is sad to me . 
  i can only hope they get closure eventually . 
  the [ picture ] ( https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/a7a3/production/_97151924_charlenedownescctv.jpg ) they used , how can they even determine whose who by the picture ? 
  its so dang blurry ... 
  a well deserved retirement . 
  he is prince philip , duke of edinburgh . 
  he is a loving husband of queen elizabeth ii of great britain and a wonderful father to charles , prince of wales , anne , prince andrew , duke of york and lastly , prince edward , earl of wessex . 
  if you want to know more about him , feel free search more about his life and his role in ww2 and uk . 
  i just watched that video , thanks for sharing . 
  the guy spoke with such cynical views but this man makes a lot of sense . 
  it 's scary the more he explains it . 
  wow i never knew the british were fighting for the turks to be part of the european union , cool !, 
   *** david cameron has promised to `` fight '' for turkey 's membership of the european union , saying he is `` angry '' at the slow pace of negotiations . 
  ( 27 july 2010 l uk politics ) *** nice video , there are somethings that i did n't know thanks to that video , nice editing skills btw . 
  they did n't `` steal '' texas . 
  texas was a recognized independent country ( after here revolution ) before it became annexed with the consent of the texans . 
  it 's different from what russia is doing . 
  how so ? 
  wow , i feel a sense of pity for this person . 
  why did he believe that the u.s was willing to engage russia in a military confrontation , consequently having nato involved , all in his behalf ? . 
  maybe he just had horrible advisers or sth . 
  germany is really a magnificent place with beautiful cities . 
  through each picture you can just really admire the german architecture, 
  not trying to attack you or anything but can you give examples of how the union does it when someone expresses their dislike for it and having a mafia that controls everything ? . 
  i feel like , if you want to accuse the union at least provide examples or sth to back your statements . 
  its sad that people wan na downvote you for speaking the truth in this reality . 
  hey , i do n't know anything about what the ngo 's are doing since you are the 2nd bringing this issue up . 
  school and church activities prevents me to focus on somethings which is why i rely on this sub for news and such . 
  but if what you are saying is true then i think dealing with them first would be the first step to fixing this migrant issue that is hurting our southern european neighbors so much . 
  smugglers are profiting so much from this and it sucks and ngo is really contributing to this sort of smuggling ( going by your word ) . 
  and i will agree that there are members in the eu who wo n't act and address important issues that needs addressing .
