  i always respected and admire that in russia geography does n't get in the way of who the civilians identifies as . 
  what i know about russia is . 
  - there women are incredibly beautiful . 
  - they have a strong sense of loyalty to one another and country . 
  - there women are very loyal and traditional which is cool . 
  - they have a beautiful language - they famously defeated us and took away our pride . 
  i think thats all i can remember lol . 
  he 's not wrong at all tbh !, 
  well , the french have always lived in the land it currently does ( franks - gauls ) . 
  the germans under a different name have also never migrated anywhere and remained in the land they currently inhabit . 
  though you make a point in regards to africa since , all of civilisation started and migrated out of africa . 
  im late here but thanks for sharing . 
  its often when we really experience the situation for ourselves do we really understand in an educational way . 
  thanks for your service . 
  i was surprised , thought it was real . 
  thanks for clarifying  . 
  edit : hopefully someone can better translate . 
  oh my goodness , can you read what they were saying in the beginning ? 
  `` shut him up '' - `` take that terrorist and shoot him '' - `` a bullet , get him a bullet . '', 
  damn , they really do n't like him lol . 
  this is the first time , i 'm seeing someone being thrown words like this . 
  is this common ? 
  its so crazy how this civil war would have global ramifications . 
  and in a way , i 'm kinda happy it did , only because the soviet union contributed so much in helping the allies win ww2 . 
  its cool you picked that up. , took a while for me to realize this a little . 
  from what i 've seen , sometimes the feelings here shifts . 
  like , in some days ( or week ) you 're gon na have left wing ideologies , then , after a couple of days , it changes . 
  its weird but not in a bad way . 
  nice !, 
  i never even new this . 
  thanks for sharing ,, 
  very good point . 
  i do n't have money for gold though unfortunately . 
  while i will agree that some people should not be leaders . 
  democracy , regardless of the man or women that was elected democratically , should be respected due to the office he/she holds . 
  to advocate for an assassination of a leader who was in all grounds , elected democratically and legally , would be spitting on the very values of democracy and lets others aware that you do not actually respect it . 
  i apologize if im coming towards you as rude btw , not my intention . 
  lmao, 
  whats the point of admitting something when everyone already knew ? . 
  lmaooo , you 're funny . 
  i 've always had that pov as well . 
  hopefully its not a bad thing lol . 
  what are you talking about , she 's from france . 
  yep, 
  she 's beautiful , but then again , french women are naturally beautiful , so its no surprise , 
  i wish people knew this . 
  i 've came across many people who confused the two accidentally . 
  not there fault i guess . 
  id love to walk through there . 
  it looks so very peaceful to me . 
  i dont think you deserved that downvote since what you said is the truth . 
  so the devil boruta is like the person trying to keep the order ? 
  the cell . 
  is it a prison ? 
  i do enjoy seeing france & germany doing things together . 
  this is amazing !, 
  i really got into this video and i never even heard of it . 
  first time seeing this . 
  just one question , the women , is she a witch ? 
  since the guy gave her a broom . 
  what is she ? 
  is she someone who can heal but also destroy ? 
  since when she was planting a grass , there was fire behind her . 
  idk , she reminds me of the greek god , apollo , meant to be very beautiful , can heal but can also be destructive . 
  but this was a really awesome video !, 
  i 'd love t see more, 
  really ? 
  did n't know that . 
  they are disliked because they disregard the host of the countries laws . 
  in any community , for people to get along requires more than just obeying the law . 
  people follow social norms and implicit social rules so that everyone is better off . 
  those who transgress this face isolation . 
  this also gets people from romania angry because lots of people confuses them with the roma people . 
  i 'm like you , i never meet them , despite my occasional visits to france to stay with family during school holidays . 
  so i only go by what my friends living there experience with them . 
  lol , you can say that again . 
  dammit , how many times will i fall victim to it, 
  i never liked him , im pretty happy he 's no longer going to lead my country . 
  i simply saw no hope for my country with him leading it . 
  thanks so much !, 
  you arent being downvoted sir . 
  i saw 4 upvotes , 5 upvotes now . 
  i think i 'm part of that 22 % . 
  so far i can only say simple things . 
  i only did this cause my gf was a german and wanted to learn her language to get to know her more if that 's the right way of saying it . 
  i just wish he thought more about what he was doing . 
   travelled to syria hoping that life in islamic state 's ` caliphate would be an ideal religious environment . 
  i can not accept this reason because , in bosnia , more then [ 50 % ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/religious-demographics-of-bosnia-and-herzegovina.html ) of civilisans follow the islamic faith . 
  just a few miles south , is another country with a much larger percentage of those who follows the islamic faith . 
  it 's an unacceptable reason . 
   some have joined counter-messaging campaigns in attempts to convince other muslims not to make the same mistakes that took them to the battlefields of the middle east . 
  at least he can be useful . 
  i hope the eu has a much more aggressive stance in dealing with stuff like this . 
  because this is among the many other cases where people from europe would go to middle east , expecting some paradise to be waiting for them . 
  whether to fight under the banner of jihad or marry , excuse my language , an asshole who follows the wahhabist ideology . 
  you 're right !, 
  haha , i feel blind wow . 
  come on guys , there 's so much more to france then just the eiffel tower lol . 
  and interesting choice of words . 
  `` sick man of europe '' makes me assume that the ottomans economic decline is similar to italy 's .
