  this was humorous . 
  i loved reading this , you probably have an awesome big family lol, 
   just like , west spends billions of dollars to finance pro ( liberal ) democratic parties around the world . 
  interesting , never thought that . 
  i guess we 're all guilty of somethings . 
  i am honestly surprised to see a brit saying this . 
  i always thought brits thought the opposite of what you said . 
  you know , believing in unity and all that . 
  quebec is a country within a country , which is what , stephen harper said himself . 
  though , quebec can do things which the mentioned states can not do . 
   funny to think that alot of french people probably look back and wish napoleon had succeeded guilty . 
  good argument tho, 
  nice !, 
  i love that line . 
  whats the film called ? 
  i 'd love to see it, 
  yea now that you brought that up makes me wonder as well . 
  good point . 
  lol , well im sure i speak good english considering i went to english schools , etc. 
  my parents may have their accents when speaking english but they 're good english speakers . 
  but i do come across those who do n't like speaking it lol . 
  loyalty is a necessity for all countries to survive and continue to grow . 
  i command angela for her push for people to actually have a sense of loyalty and obligation to the country they 're born in , as one should . 
  thats really cool , did n't know that . 
  thanks !, 
  i am always impressed by how people are able to find ways to make money . 
  good on her tho, 
  it would make sense as to why the apple logo has a bite mark lol, 
  i am surprised someone asked that in france . 
  i thought given the large amount of history both france and england has shared with one another , i 'd assume people would know why we all give each other certain nicknames . 
   marked the beginning of the collapse of the decaying western roman empire . 
  so merkel is the leader who has marked the beginning of the german state to collapse ? . 
  : l thats pretty scary when i try and imagine such scenario . 
  haha who would n't be proud of such stereotype lol . 
  lol , i love your comment . 
  i will be blocking you sorry . 
  learn to be mature next time , good day . 
  no not at all . 
  i never said or wanted anyone to think like me , which is why i said ... before i wrote what i thought `` i respect your opinion '' . 
  i enjoy discussions because i and everyone has there own opinions and what they think . 
  never did i say , i agreed or disagreed . 
  i do not know exactly why you are implying that i implied that . 
  it 's perfectly fine if you disagree . 
  as i am not here to change your opinion , this sub is for political discussion ( and other good stuff ) and speaking about our political differences also . 
  to understand each other more . 
  i do not understand why you 'd think that was what i was implying . 
  but that 's alright , everyone does this from time to time . 
  why are you bringing in colonies ? 
  or help me understand why your using it in a discussion about the burkini ? . 
  i am speaking about how easy it is to talk from a position where you are n't or have n't been effected . 
  never in my original comment did i disagree , or agree with his comment . 
  as well as never did i mention colonies ... 
  just because i am french does not hold legitimacy . 
  i do not know why exactly you think it should ... 
  i was speaking strictly from what i was thinking . 
  there are better alternatives , yes i agree . 
  the one i can remember is new years , only because of this sub was i aware of it . 
  though i respect your opinion , i believe its quiet easy to speak like this when your state has n't been attacked more then once . 
  lol, 
  id like to see one before mongolia arrived and after mongolia . 
  lol all jokes aside , i have big respect for people who loves the environment that they are willing to take care of it . 
  sweden seems to be the one whose really committed !, 
  yep, 
  that was low . 
  i suggest you not speak of genocide and look hypocritical considering great britain 's own atrocities it has committed back then . 
  germany is at least doing admirable things that i think all countries should take an example out of . 
  yea its funny how your mentioning it now . 
  i completely agree . 
  because it was only until you brought it now that i almost forgotten about brexit . 
  i was aware of what happened but i was close to forgetting about it until you now brought it up . 
  it is crazy now that im thinking about it . 
  though i think that the terrorism and the coup sorta just forced the attention from great britain to france and turkey . 
  i apprieciate the unbiasedness . 
  so according to the video , gulen ( if thats how its spelled ) is like gandhi , i kno its a bad comparison but the way the youtuber talked about gulen reminded me of him . 
  i do support the ideology behind why the military does what it does to presidents since i can better understand why ataturk did it in the first place however and im afraid for the aftermath of this and what the president will do . 
  coup is response to erdogan 's actions from what i have read here . 
  the constitution is enforced by the military , to prevent dictatorship . 
  sorry for late response . 
  okay so , the video i linked is one of them . 
  these are some of the songs i like that are old . 
  [ belinda carlisle - heaven is a place on earth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nogeybeobgm ) [ martika - toy soldiers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvdlovaayzm ) [ a-ha - take on me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djv11xbc914 ) [ culture club - karma chameleon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5mwp264g-q ) [ bryan adams - summer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f06qzcvuhg ) [ footloose - kenny loggins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfwdgtvyqe8 ), 
  im getting an interests in 80s music as of late so yea !, 
  i came across a song called [ nena - 99 luftballons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la4dcd1auce ) took me a very long time to learn how to sing that song even tho i am not german . 
  i dont understand it but i became addicted to that song for a while . 
  dont know where this women is now but shes pretty hot tbh . 
  i cant see the live vide in al-jazeeera but thanks for the links none the less . 
   if the coup succeeds we will have a more secular , but less democratic turkey . 
  but dont secularism and democracy compliment each other ? 
  i thought you needed both to work . 
  am i wrong ? 
  i do believe , that if what you say is true then i support the ideologies behind such actions . 
  its difficult being far away across the atlantic . 
  your concern is appreciated . 
  hope its not a bad question but whats doing that ? . 
  is it the heat thats causing this ? 
  never new this . 
  its amazing the dedication and faith people have towards god in helping them making these sorts of impressive structures . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
   let me remind you american police sent a robot with bomb to kill a terrorist after several hours . 
  turkish forces waited days hoping for surrender .
