  happy cake day . 
  i meant like by law . 
  by religious law , they are not allowed . 
  i apologize if some how you did n't understand what i was saying . 
  this is great news but sad when you realize that people like these often contributes to the stigma that all asylum seekers are bad or terrorist . 
  bad apples ruining it for those who truly seeking safety or asylum . 
  personally , i always go to church and sometimes i randomly stop going due to stress and school getting in the way . 
  my mother and church members who ive been friends with would tell me how they miss me and to come back and all the usual things . 
  i eventually do come back but * never * would i expect them to want to * kill * me for not going , like wow man . 
  i can understand from a religious perspective if you wanted someone to come back to church but you shouldnt want to kill them or force them to come back because thats crazy . 
  i dont believe muslims are allowed to kill other muslims as well which is why i believe these individuals are simply a lone wolf terrorist since the article says they have no connection with any extremist group ( if they do i must have missed it ) . 
  but its not in my place to speak for muslims since i am not one and can only speak from a perspective as a christian . 
  i am also happy that they were able to catch them before things got more serious for the swiss . 
  i think this also should be another reason why surveillance should increase just to catch these people . 
  may he rest in peace . 
  his heroic actions will never be forgotten . 
  oh okay yes i do remember that scene , i kno what you meant now . 
  thanks !, 
  everyone dies for what they believe in , even if its a wrong ideology . 
  good post , especially the link . 
   wehrmacht butcher jewish families hello , i loved that movie since i watched it couple weeks ago . 
  but i never seen the `` wehrmacht butcher jewish families '' part , which scene are you referring to ? 
  tbh , i was kinda surprised because i never really was aware that there were some antisemitism . 
  i guess movie put some good insight to things . 
  i thought the coup was inspired due to erdogan going against what ataturk desired for turkey , another i read is that its inspired by gulen ? . 
  i hear a lot , i just havent read that it was inspired by america , thats interesting . 
  thanks , i here like `` holy cow , he can draw '' . 
  then i saw your comment . 
  yes ofc . 
  i 'm just surprised a failed protest would gain the attention of some here , that 's all . 
  my uncle was involved in there after he posted several pictures on facebook after asking him why theirs so many ppl . 
  did n't think it was that serious, 
  they are ridiculously good . 
  yes , i know , i get your point . 
  i ' guess i 'm just over thinking it . 
  its been a pretty depressing atmosphere given how she gotten to be the longest reigning monarch currently . 
  thanks for this information . 
  and clarifying . 
  thats a really nice song . 
  must be popular over there . 
  wow , thanks for sharing , i imagined the whole scenario . 
  i sorta giggled a little towards the middle when the person was talking about congo and such ( not in a insulting way tho ) . 
  did this really happened ? 
  http://chrisniedenthal.com/en/works/moskiewska-dziewczyna-1988 this one stands out to me the most . 
  the glare and the facial expression being shown makes me wonder . 
  this video is upsetting . 
  children shouldnt be involved in politics . 
  i apologize if what i have said is wrong but , i believe so much of this breakup of yugoslavia could have been prevented . 
  its great and makes me happy to see a country helping each other within a union , 
  i agree with you so much . 
  i was able to answer a few questions for my teacher * because * of this sub . 
  some flags i 've came across i was able to name because of this sub which is really cool because it just shows me just how little i know about my countries neighbors and its eu history all together . 
  i love it when i see the `` slice of life '' title . 
  yes , your right . 
  unorganization is something that is brought up many times here . 
  i think , if my mother or sister was raped by a group of extremists . 
  i would have most likely joined an army or faction specifically to destroy these extremists out of revenge or if i stay true to my conscious and not controlled by pure anger and emotion , i would 've still joined a faction that specifically aims to remove those terroristic faction in the country . 
  theres many military organizations thats fighting isis , so you have options . 
  i can understand why you 'd think this since , some people simply ca n't fight , either disable , paranoid or traumatised from the things they 've seen in front of them and its understandable . 
  but people with that kind of money ? 
  would be able to get a ticket and fly to america if they wanted to . 
  i live in america right now , rent is a lot but you 'd still have enough money to last a few months nd look for a job . 
  they have so much opportunities to go anywhere safe and start a new life , even in turkey with that kind of money i think . 
  which is why i believe its not a good enough excuse . 
  its not fair to say that . 
  russia , would 've ended up as a constitutional monarchy . 
  the white movement were monarhist as well , do n't forget that . 
  russia was going through many great reforms and i believe that post-civil war , with white movement victory . 
  russia would 've been a nicer place . 
  i dont think russia would 've had any problems when it came to diversity as well , since everyone had a very strong russian identity ( they still do ) regardless of your roots . 
  so it would have worked in there favor . 
  really ? 
  over here where i am currently living , i am always being told of how similar russians and americans are . 
  here , its the eu whose similar to america . 
  it 's interesting how different peoples viewpoints are when we compare two countries . 
  what are you ? 
  hey thanks for this explanation , really interesting . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  my history teacher said exactly what you said , germany is not just hitler and nazism . 
  germany has lots of really wonderful history that does n't get enough credit . 
   ics will do nothing , for instance , to stop the likes of vattenfall , the swedish nuclear energy company from suing the german government as it is doing now for promising to phase out nuclear energy by 2022 , even though this decision was taken by a democratic government in the interests of its citizen 's health and safety . 
  were germany to lose the suit , berlin would have to shell out nearly $ 5 billion of taxpayer money to compensate the company . 
  i never new this . 
  how many other countries government is being challenged by big companies ? . 
  this is something a lot of people forget . 
  i am surprised , no1 expected this . 
  people have this idea i think , that everyone have the same views as them if not , they 'll probably belittle you or something . 
  this is what happens when we force our views upon people who do n't shares it ( they commit suicide as they did in this situation or attempt to break the laws as an act of defiance towards there host forcing them to disregard there way of life . ), 
  people who are born and are coming from mena have different views / religion and ideologies . 
  i would have hoped many countries ( and people who enjoy insulting these people ) accepting refugees would have realized this and made appropriate measures to help deal with this since these people are only temporarily living as refugees who will most likely return once the situation is fixed in the middle east . 
  i think this is just another example of just how poorly the countries have dealt with this , no1 or state was truly prepared to temporarily deal with people who dont share there common values or views . 
  but as an optimist , i am positive that once the situation has calmed down , people will return and everything will go back to normal . 
  but this is a great lesson to learn from , next time , this will not happen since people will be more prepared . 
  id be nice to see more users from monaco here , you are the first i just came across from there in this sub . 
  that french people or france as a country are losers when it comes to war . 
  not realizing that we have had the most successes in military history . 
  i will be honest , at times it does get to me but only rarely . 
  whats upsetting to me is how many people with your views simply disregard that innocent life within the women who had absolutely no choice in this matter . 
  but i wo n't insult you since you have your reasons while you think this way , we all have our opinions ig . 
  as a monarchist , im thankful not many ruling families are like her or her family currently .
