  i dont believe europe is dying . 
  though , i do got to admit that i have a sense of admiration for pre world war 1 europe . 
  stuff like this would n't fly . 
  of course , people here arent letting it fly today but people were more willing back then to remove an existential threat to there homeland then now . 
  the women was a muslim . 
  i think itd be nice to clarify that . 
  as much as i like rome , i cant but feel some form of resentment for defeating the gauls ( modern day france ) but its cool nonetheless . 
  thanks for sharin, 
  yea sure . 
  my fathers brother has literally hundreds of photos on his facebook , as well as my mothers sisters newest member in our family . 
  i wasnt saying soldiers decapitate children . 
  im saying soldiers do things in a time of war or battle that an average civilian would n't do . 
  why would you think that i was saying soldiers decapitate little kids ? 
  i was notified about this on my phone . 
  truly barbaric if you ask me . 
  i dont understand how one can do stuff like this , besides soldiers ( they see and do things to get missions done ) . 
  but she is no soldier ... only someone possessed can be okay with doing this . 
  i think its safe to remove the * opinion * thing because its pretty factual that the refugee policy has failed miserably and theres evidence that supports it . 
  good on them . 
  i think , instead of looking at the bad , we should focus on what these muslims are doing , have some positivity guys . 
  sometimes i do enjoy a lil dark humor here and there . 
  with respect , unless you can [ prove ] ( https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/08/090831212951.htm ) [ them ] ( http://bmcgenet.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1471-2156-10-49 ) wrong , then you are fundamentally incorrect in regards to ethnicity . 
  i am sure france has them , after all , i do make sure im well acquainted with my families countries policies . 
  exactly . 
  you 're free to express what you want so long as you are willing to accept the consequences of expressing your insulting words nd expressions . 
  if you are find with getting punched in the face for disrespecting a symbol or thing of something that somebody else loves or adores then express all you want . 
   the number includes an unknown number of schoolgirls who allegedly watchedwhile she was raped . 
  im just horrified at the thought of a group of people just standing by and watching someone being raped . 
   look at france how did i know somebody was gon na use france as an example . 
  and as painful it is . 
  you 're very much correct . 
  i dont hate them but , its just not working out . 
   the problem is that those migrants arent afraid of the punishment they might get . 
  they think they are above the law because they cant be deported . 
  this is basically it . 
  and i hope everyone knows this . 
  as someone above recently said , politics also is a contributive factor into * why * they arent afraid . 
  it gets me mad sometimes to be honest . 
  i agree with you and / u/must _ warn_others . 
  its beginning to get annoying and unnecessary . 
  that guy dont realizes how much sperm he just kissed . 
  1400s-1500s germany and italy looks drunk . 
  i dont know whats going on with them . 
  exactly . 
  lol , anything involving russia is somehow a sign of a potential ww3 it seems . 
  i agree, 
  why not ? 
  they have a promising economy . 
  their territories reach continental europe ( constantinople ) . 
  we 're talking about the euopean union reaching almost 20 trillion . 
  this happened in european sub . 
  i trust that the mods here are more watchful for things like this . 
  6 years is to low . 
  that looks beautiful !, 
  yes , i meant great britain * . 
  i unintentionally called great britain , britannia because i recently came from playing total war . 
  didnt realize i did until you brought it up , didnt think it 'd be a problem since it sounded very similar to me . 
  great britain * if that makes you feel better inside . 
  i feel germany will be the place it is sparked . 
  or maybe in britannia . 
  i am okay with it so long as its a unification of militaries and economy but our language/identity/culture and way of life and all else that makes me french must remain separate . 
  french people are french first then they 're , if they want to consider themselves european , european . 
  france belongs to the franks , not europeans . 
  just like germany is a land for the germans and belongs to only the germans , not europeans ( hopefully you know what i mean ) . 
  but militarily , everyone should help defend one another . 
  especially during these current events happening in eastern europe and terrorist . 
  isis , and all these people would 've been easily dealt with if everyone militarily fought against these guys . 
  it 'd be a nice change for once , instead of fighting each other , we are helping each other . 
  offensively and defensively . 
  this way , no one can say `` where were you when i needed help ? '', 
  economically , this would be a great way to help each other . 
  i am surprised the other countries didnt follow switzerlands example in this matter, 
  woah , this is really cool . 
  thanks for doing this / u/must _ warn_others, 
  `` the eu collapse '' i believe is an over exaggeration . 
  it wont collapse but , things will be very different at the rate many of the countries going , especially some who are bending there backs for the migrants . 
  i admire germany for many things . 
  but what germany is doing currently regarding the migrant crisis is ** not ** what i always liked about them . 
  wow , i do appreciate your thorough response . 
  i also hope my comment wasnt offensive . 
  but thanks nonetheless . 
  great article and i agree . 
  is this article saying , because eu has no core , the union is doom to fail like the holy roman empire ? . 
  but i see where its getting at . 
  some side notes  the legacy of two world wars has encouraged those outside germany i dont like how people still are blaming the germans for ww1 , please acknowledge that it was the serbians who lit the match which resulted into a domino effect . 
  which eventually led to world war 2 . 
  i dont like accusing people but truly , it was the serbs fault that began all of it . 
  now i also want to mention that we all should be held accountable for ww1 . 
  now my ancestors would want to beat my ass since im acknowledging our asses were beaten by the germans but , just because the germans were kicking everyone 's asses does n't mean we should make them the only country who had a role in the war . 
  thats pretty badass . 
  stuff youd probably see happening in action movies haha, 
  whoever is against germany 's deportation plans are officially classified assholes . 
  these sorts of people againsts the deportation are very dangerous if they 're allowed to be in the political system . 
  why would they want to hit denmark , what did the danish do ? . 
  i can only assume that this can be due to the people they 're bringing in ? . 
  more people = more workers = more money being made . 
  i probably would 've stood in the line as well but i would 've complained a lil , but not so much that you 'd hear me . 
  if you dont want to vaccinate your children , then please do not turn your eyes to the government with hate after asking you to vaccinate your child for safety reasons . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  its not the religion/beliefs people follow but the person practicing it and giving it a bad image , which isis is successfully doing .
