  good point . 
  what surprised me is that austria is celtic . 
  i thought austrians belonged to the germanic umbrella , no offense tho . 
  this is a great map none the less . 
  but you know what , i truly , after seeing this map . 
  i really underestimated the large territories that made up the germanic inhabitants . 
  now i can see why rome had so much problems with them . 
  i like that analogy , makes sense . 
   i also like to live dangerously youd be a great addition !, 
  shes a young women with a bright future . 
  i dont blame her wanting to branch out and do something . 
  fn is a big burden to carry . 
  hopefully whatever she plans on doing is better and more contributive to france . 
  i dislike when polls to determine who did the `` most '' . 
  both involved parties ( usa-ussr ) played there own part in helping fight against hitler germany . 
  both needed each other , both helped each other despite being enemies . 
  lots of sacrifices were made in both sides , its foolish to ask `` who did the most '' , do you really disregard the contributions of all participants against the axis ? . 
   perhaps , though , imo , a right wing but pro-eu party would be far more popular and could have achieved far more momentum . 
  this . 
  thats so interesting lol . 
  i guess i never really noticed . 
  i mean , yea , i 'd always sense french words being used but never thought twice about them but then your post made me think about how many words i must have missed lol . 
  good post , i agree with you . 
   also the language of war thats so interesting hahaha i wonder if everyone thinks that . 
  im hopeful as well but i have faith in him to do this . 
  voted already , 
  thats so strange , `` i dont like you but i will stay with you cause what you are giving me helps me '' . 
  how can you not like someone/something but yet use there stuff . 
  i wish people were more direct sometimes , this way we can know what poland does n't want or wants rather then just blaming and point fingers . 
  but were you there ? 
  thats a lot of people !, 
  i 'm happy to see that people are truly committed to the union !, 
  be you . 
  people wo n't care lol , have fun in paris  dont forget to visit other places in france tho . 
  france have more to offer then just paris , 
  it 's very smart . 
  but who else to come up with such a great plan other than a german ? 
   looking forward to update news on this !, 
   i was over there at the weekend , several of them are thinking of not voting because they see macron as an untested opportunist who offers nothing but unpredictability my friends and cousin feels the same . 
  i always sang `` numa numa '' when i was little to the point where i can really sing the song to the language . 
  but that is the only language i can sing to there language but i wouldnt even know what im saying . 
  i 'm just enjoying it lol . 
  thank you moldova !, 
  i am glad , i am for freedom of speech but i am not for someone taking advantage of this good intentioned policy , for wrong things such as inciting violence and provoking the communities this hate preacher is located in . 
  i wish more governments were willing to follow denmark in this . 
  in principle i can see your argument . 
  however , when do you think a line should be drawn ? . 
  i ; m interested to know what you think , while yes , i dont believe in foreign powers meddling in internal issues of other countries/kingdoms . 
  but when do you say `` i must do at least something to prevent something worst from happening '' ? 
  to me , yes . 
  if its anything i 've learned in history is that anything is possible . 
  and i believe in merkel and her abilities to try and speak to certain leaders to fix certain issues . 
  and i think shes the right person for it . 
  i do remember being told that politics is who can perform the best . 
  the political arena is the theatre and the politician is the performer . 
  worded it wrongly . 
  in 1963 charles de gaulle said  * `` england in effect is insular , she is maritime , she is linked through her interactions , her markets and her supply lines to the most diverse and often the most distant countries . 
  she has , in all her doings , very marked and very original habits and traditions . '' * he was right , the uk never had a place in the eu . 
  no enmity , its just how they were and always were this way and even he understood her enough to know the reality of the uk . 
  the brits were outside the traditional values of the eu and i ; m kinda surprised nobody understood this . 
  be glad it happened , people will get things done much easily . 
  during the russian revolution , the american government was involved . 
  i know its a different time but to believe that no outside country is not going to involve itself in a country with stockpiles that can do serious damage to them is a bit silly dont you think ? 
  like what ? 
  i am aware that the uk has oftentimes blocked certain ideas . 
  do you know which these ideas are ? 
  or do you have any few examples of these ideas ? 
  yeah it was like chance that i came across these songs , its all thanks to spotify lol . 
  and yeah !, 
  whaaaat , vikings !, 
  who does n't love vikings , i like how despite its size it had had such an impact in history !, 
  it 's reminds me of the `` size does not matter '' phrase . 
  crazy lol . 
  i have a friend in poland and she complained about the cold and i mentioned if it snowed where she is and she said yes and i was in disbelief until she showed me and then i see this and im like wow !, 
  but be patient , you guys will get your sun soon  tho this picture is beautiful to me . 
  its very peaceful to me , as if i 'd enjoy walking through that place . 
  french culture is exclusive because its what differentiates france its neighbors . 
  so i dont understand what this is trying to say . 
  would it not be more sense to share the uniqueness of your country thus sharing how common the ideals can be ? 
  so im confused as to why its saying this , we are not just one country . 
  ------ but , to share my experience , i came across a lot of danish music on spotify . 
  my most favorite is '' [ 12:00 - ekkert of ung ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vy4keaozaea ) '' this song is bomb . 
  and [ \u00c1ttan - neinei ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4fc6cqsmuo ) , of course there is this one called `` lorik - aaliyah '' and '' [ lorik - 16 bars ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clmyaa__vky ) '' ( please forgive me if they are not danish ) but i 've begun having a thing for denmark ause of this . 
  i 've sometimes read up on vikings or danish history , etc. 
  its pretty cool . 
  so far , im having a thing for poland as well since the person im talking to is a pol and all i hear from her is polish history since shes into archeology . 
  i think thats pretty much it . 
  those are some really interesting words `` europe 's coming dark age '' like really ? 
  and to associate the 1930s to whats happening now ? 
  come on . 
  who are the `` other '' ? 
  i would like it to be more information . 
  it 's a very mature way of looking at it . 
  i wish all people looked at it this way , would help a lot . 
  helps everyone grow . 
  point taken . 
  thats so pretty to me . 
  im guessing everybody knows everybody there . 
  the houses are all there own colours and you have the animals crossing the street , making it even more pretty . 
  i 'd love to live in a place like that .
