woah . 
  i had a dream of reading this exact comment . 
  that is absolutely * not * what i was implying . 
  no one is perfect anybody knows this as i do not see in my comment where i wrote such a thing . 
  france is very tolerant and least likely to be racist . 
  whoever did those surveys dont know french people . 
  reading the whole thing was really upsetting , i understand * why * they 're doing it but they should understand , as the author of that news article said . 
  ** at a time when contact with the outside world is most urgently needed ** . 
  but then again , europe isnt safe either considering how france and its neighbors were attacked . 
  but isolationism benefits no one . 
  america tried it and look how that went out for them . 
  russia does not have all the resources necessary to sustain isolationism , especially economically . 
  and its saddening to read the government 's willingness to continue pushing the nation backwards . 
  i did not know that bombs was a necessity when it came to praying . 
  til . 
  an exaggeration . 
   one senior official in jerusalem said in response to the report that relations between israel and germany remain close and positive and will continue to be so . 
  ** `` it appears the comments in the der spiegel story are an attempt inside germany to slam merkel for her close ties with prime minister benjamin netanyahu , '' ** however , with israel and there current expansion with their settlements , is only natural to gain attention by western allies and having states questioning if there support is worth the political consequences . 
   the faction within syriza says it would prefer to fall heroically . 
  dying a heroic death would only mean something if you had something in return . 
  it means nothing when your honourable death becomes vain . 
   the i.m.f is in an awkward position in the debt talks . 
  it wants lenders like germany to ease greece 's repayment burden as a condition for helping to fund the bailout , as a request that berlin has said may not be necessary . 
  the i.m.f goal is to make the prospect of greece paying back its loans more realistic . 
  this makes it seem ( from my pov ) that germany does n't want greece to recover whereas the i.m.f has been trying to help . 
  even the turkey is willing to help ... ** `` turkey and the eu have reached a deal to return most of the migrants who cross the aegean sea '' ** this news puts germany in a bad light it seems . 
  i always like the spirit of france . 
  when we have had enough of the bs we act . 
  wheres napoleon when you need him . 
   germany 's labor minister has drafted a bill which seeks to cut social benefits for foreigners from other eu countries . 
  i feel this goes against eu fundamentals and would mark the beginnings of a collapsing eu . 
  but at the same time . 
   under the current laws , recent eu-arrivals in germany who have never worked in the country do not qualify for `` hartz iv , '' but are entitled to another set of social benefits if they can prove that they have no other means available . 
  this can be easily exploited so i can understand there point of view of why they doing it . 
   quebec got the same treatment * see 's the canadian flag * oh . 
  good point and i agree however , when you have leaders like assad or any type of leader that is willing to do atrocities upon there own people who ... in consequence migrates to your country or some other neighbor country then it becomes a problem that you will have no choice but to deal with . 
  its not your , my or anyones fault but that foreign government that is forcing its natives to move out of its homeland . 
  i feel like people focuses to much energy on the refugees are ignores the * root * of the problem . 
  remove assad and you will not have this problem . 
  in one hand i can see what you mean . 
  but sometimes homelessness happens for involuntary reasons if that makes sense . 
  that orphan teenger that never worked simply needs some form of schooling or small investment on the government and they will be able to work like the rest and get on there feet . 
  i read it lol . 
  granted , some will not read it and only trust there fellow commenters for the tl : dr . 
  to me , nato wouldnt benefit anyone . 
  if sweden joins then they will be forced to deal with russia , not alone of course but the hostility that sweden will face by russia is to worrisome . 
  sweden is part of the eu . 
  all eu member have an obligatory act to protect its fellow members . 
  what i seem to not understand is the underestimation of other nations in europe . 
  will france - germany or even the brits allow russia to attack sweden ? 
  trust your friends , sweden does not need nato when you have super powers at your backdoor willing to fight with you . 
  lol . 
  how are they able to reach a far away country * denmark * ? 
  you are telling me they can reach through all those countries and get to denmark ? 
  how ? 
  through what country do they do this ? 
  im surprised . 
  what did you think ? 
  to me it it was just another way of saying `` 500 years of german puritan law '' as in the puritan religion . 
  im slow as you can see so i apologize in advance for that . 
  same here , i never looked at russians as people who easily cave . 
  there not strangers when ti comes to suffering or experiencing hard times . 
  i admire that a lot about russia and russians . 
  exactly, 
  terrorism will always exist in some form i believe . 
  ive played mass effect to realized that ( lool , idk why im using that as an example ) . 
  theres always somebody thats gon na want to just ruin everything for everyone . 
  so i can understand why people would want to support surveillance-they want to catch them before they do the act . 
  at least theres some countries in europe that remains true to there faith . 
  ima tell my friend but shes still probably gon na know about this considering shes actually there . 
   politicians are working of behalf of the common people ? 
  i believe there * are * good politicians absolutely . 
  the problem however is that they 're relatively to small to have much of a say . 
  granted , how small or big you are is irrelevant since influence and power is what matters in politics which i believe these good politicians do not have . 
  some * do * but they 're simply to afraid to confront the bad people , the more evil guys have more influence and connections as well as the wealth that these good politicians dont have so theres a lot of problems these good politcians have . 
  so yes , not every politicians or leaders are evil , some genuinely are for the people . 
  can you quote where i said what u said ? . 
  i do know my history thanks for your suggestion and i know full well or how bad things both sides did . 
  but if you can not find where i said what you accused me of saying then please do not respond back to me . 
  i will also block you once i get home . 
  oh wow , must of had good connections i suppose . 
  i can never understand people trying to hunt old people for things they most likely had no clue of . 
  yep , those were actual devils but the soldiers being ordered to guard a camp and not allowed to step inside most likely was what happened and i pity people who only look at things like this from one perspective . 
  wow , thats not fair and i think your misinterpreting what he is trying to say . 
  even though , he is born and raised in sweden and most likely is a swedish . 
  i feel its an insult to swedish people when the country of the terrorist is associated with it . 
  it would help distinguish somethings for everyone ( two isis fighters killed in u.s air strikes in iraq ) . 
  france built there own and so did the uk . 
  france and the uk are close enough to be under each others military umbrellas . 
  which is why russia doesnt bully the french or british . 
  the only country im more worried about is poland , they 're within the close range for russian influence . 
  we should be thankful belarus , latvia , and estonia are in between . 
  despite my respect for the pope . 
  i do not like when people condemns or insults people who 're actually trying to do something . 
  he should be praising those who are helping . 
  instead , should be condemning europes american allies for there unwillingness to help out . 
  well franestein was an experimenter so its fair to say everyone should have saw it coming when he began comparing himself to doctor frankenstein . 
  you 're correct , the current politicians are very much the root of the problem . 
  its annoying when i think of about it . 
  why they 're stll in office frustrates me .
