  but i doubt it . 
  i think both sides are irrational and will fight tooth and nail for their victory . 
   just look at immigration . 
  you have two camps , both equally irrational . 
  camp 1 says open borders and sanctuary cities . 
  camp 2 says deport all illegals and build walls . 
  you would think the gap between them is so large that it would be easy to develop a real immigration policy between these two extremes . 
  you would think , but evidently you would be wrong . 
  those are the two camps that we ultimately must vote between . 
  and these two camps drive the global vs. national/cultural fight as well . 
   if i had to choose , i will choose national/culture over globalism , but i wish i did not have to choose . 
  ------ it is a comment i can certainly agree with . 
  as someone who is against globalism . 
  it 's unfortunate that people are only left with two choices when having just two choices should n't be the way . 
  there should always be the 3rd choice , not 2 . 
  to many are adamantly in the left and unwilling to listen to the more conservative views , and to many are to adamantly in the right that they themselves are unwilling to listen to the more progressive views . 
  and that is the most frustrating thing to me the most . 
  i think a lot of countries have the mindset of a man expected act a certain way . 
  so its moreso a cultural/traditional thing but i was surprised when the they mentioned the nationalist part . 
  i never hear about nationalist doing these sorts of things . 
  goodness lol . 
  i 'd hate to be there , because i know , i 'd be falling a lot !, 
  and breathing !, 
  it 'd suck to be breathing there cause i dont know if breathing while going through that would be a walk in the park lol . 
  so the government is saudi is actually more moderate ? 
  i never get to see posts by saudi arabians so if yo udo get to find it , dont forget to link , id love to read it . 
  awesome video !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i always have a sense of respect for these people . 
  they went through so much sht ( execuse my language ) and yet , here they are . 
  still fighting . 
  they should be given life sentences . 
  i find it insulting that they were given relatively small sentences . 
  because when they come back out , they will simply disregard the life of others again . 
  it always bothers me when people can give such small sentences to offenses such as this !, 
  i could n't find the `` european part '' i decided to even `` ctrl+g '' to find it and the only time i see the word `` european '' being used is not in the article but in the comments section . 
  i would like to ask why did you think it was acceptable to change the title of the article before submitting it ? . 
  what was your motive ? 
  and egyptians being closely related to the middle eastern nations ( or `` near east '' ) is something i think everyone knows already . 
  good post !, 
  very good post . 
  im actually kinda worried that france of all places has to deal with this . 
  france is already going through so much nonsense , why this ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  ive observed how antsy germans are when it comes to privacy . 
  i wish i can remember the news title but i do remember them even going so far as to microwave somethings due to privacy/surveillance concerns . 
  unless , do you think this this is just an exaggeration ? 
  how to make pictures bigger ? 
  like extra bigger ? 
  i press it and it expands but it still is not that big !, 
  but i loved the ending though , 
  this is to funny xd ,, 
  ca n't edit my post but thank you for saying that part  we just need to realise that tolerance of intolerance is no way to build a happy society . 
  never thought of it that way . 
  i 'd give gold but i dont have money lol . 
  i agree fully well what you said . 
  especially the `` tolerance of intolerance is no way to build a happy society . '', 
  i apologise if my post came off to harsh ( or wrong if that is the better word ) . 
  i did n't know how else to word it . 
  rather than volunteering to join the army in syria , which to me would 've provided a better opportunity to bring syria much closer to ridding itself of militant factions . 
  he decided to be a coward and take the life of those who most likely sympathized with the current issues in syria . 
  making it much worst for all syrians . 
  this is good news to me . 
  any good thing is always a step forward something better . 
  there would n't be such thing as minorities ( to me ) if they simply had a stronger stance on integration and assimilation . 
  if all these minorities ( which is a confusing term to me because who is the minority here ? 
  french people ? 
  spanish ? 
  german ? 
  but to be sure , im going to consider people who are not from scotland , england , wales , or ireland as minorities ) , if all these minorities simply dropped whatever language/culture / and all that baggage ( no insult intended ) , then the the united kingdom would n't have such a problem . 
  but , i do like different foods though and the music to ... 
  respect . 
  not to get off-topic . 
  your comment reminded me of how eventually other civs would complain about my culture and how there people are wearing blue jeans and such lol . 
   this is one of the issues with being in a union with countries like france , who have no sense of how to regulate business and try to push their own culture down everyone else 's throat . 
  i am sorry you feel that way . 
  exactly . 
  it 's good seeing this . 
  because i have recently been seeing people saying this . 
  i hope its true , because i can know that eventually some prince will actually stand up to these sorts of people that the family is so afraid of . 
  the southern mediterranean have always had a connection with europe as opposed to the sub-saharan regions . 
  which is why it 's always strange to me that we have not done anything in sorts to figure a way to fix or stabilize it . 
  couple days ago i came across the '' [ euromed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_for_the_mediterranean ) '' . 
  it would ' have such a great potential for all involved parties . 
  eu especially would do even more great . 
  there are a lot of options i believe no one is willing to take . 
  help secure the southern mediterranean countries and help them create refugee zones in there southern borders . 
  creating the zones in their southern borders would prevent the sub-saharan peoples from trying to get further up and bribing the arab states from smuggling them into the northern mediterranean regions . 
  but to me , this would require cooperation and people willing to help egypt - libya - tunisia - algeria and morocco strengthen there southern borders . 
  this would , i think discourage them and would indirectly encourage them to go to the more stable sub-saharan states ( south africa , etc ) and simply find a different route . 
  italy , and the other north mediterraneans long term , would not have to feel stressed out anymore . 
  but this is just wishful thinking of mines . 
  so its like just opportunism ? 
  it would make sense if that is the case . 
  can someone explain how does someone get pass 8 countries into the mediterranean ? 
  india is right next door . 
  its a relatively safe country . 
  its a very stable country , how do you walk through pakistan and iran and not be caught ? 
  as well as iraq ( who are not yet done with militant factions ) , and into the med ? 
  unless this person primarily used the arabian sea , gulf of aden and through the red sea ?
