  no it was not . 
  they killed our people and raped our women . 
  when the gauls sent children and women and the old towards julius caesar in hope that they would simply be enslaved . 
  instead they allowed them to die in the cold . 
  charlemagne , napoleaon , louis xiv , philip ii augustus , and many others is what was the best thing that happened to us . 
  not rome . 
  lmao , the face you make when you realize you made a mistake . 
  you should move your comment all the way up . 
  did n't see your comment until i began reading the conversations . 
  but thans for the link . 
  the three points the author makes is understandable and i can see what he is trying to say . 
  there is no middle ground from what i read in this article . 
  if theres no growth then more wealth is not going to be coming in . 
  compromises must be taken if we are to prosper , unless someone has a better idea . 
  comprises must be considered to not be economically left behind in the world . 
   he says the real possibility the uk might exit the union is already causing strong jitters among his friends and colleagues . 
  theres so much truth in this after the things im seeing . 
  i ca n't believe the amount of responses countries in the eu are making from just 1 state leaving the eu . 
  makes you question just how much of an influence the british has . 
   the nordic nation 's foreign minister , margot wallstrom , has even gone as far as suggesting brexit could break up the entire union . 
  i dont agree with this because , she ignores the other bigger eu nations ( germany - france - italy . ), 
  it is not just great britain that helps keep the eu together . 
   religious nuts know no middle ground from experience , that is true . 
  there should be some middle ground . 
  you dont want to upset everyone so there should be a position that should be taken to appease everybody . 
  i love how the danish are using [ ww2 ] ( http://www.toptenz.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/unclesamwantyou-520x700.jpg ) posters from america . 
  it was like the first thing i noticed when i clicked on the article . 
   when a business has to adjust to a crisis , it can recalibrate by lowering salaries and firing workers . 
  in a country or in the eu , when all businesses do that , what happens is that each business is laying off another country 's consumers . 
  that 's the difference between microeconomics and macroeconomics did n't know that . 
   portugal is england 's oldest ally , the two countries actually have the oldest trade treaty in the world didnt know that [ either ] ( https://history.blog.gov.uk/2016/05/09/historys-unparalleled-alliance-the-anglo-portuguese-treaty-of-windsor-9th-may-1386/ ) . 
  cool . 
   that changed a few years ago and now foreigners have to pay tuition to attend . 
  what changed ? . 
  i cant say `` forever '' a lot of things can happen/change in a short period of time . 
  well , de gaulle wasnt wrong in his criticism towards the uk . 
  serious question . 
  how can ou live in a country despite being striped from the necessities ? 
  people stay because they are given the necessary tools to support there independence . 
  your friend is funny lol . 
  but yes , quebec french and french spoken in france is spoken differently ( since the people came from the north west of paris 400yrs ago . ), 
  so i can see the distinction between the two so your right, 
   seriously , everyone say that nationalism is bad and i tell you , that my country would n't have existed without nationalism . 
  same could be said for every country . 
  i agree with you wholeheartedly . 
  not the quebecs . 
  the french speakers are not similar to america as they are more european then the rest of canada so yes you are correct . 
  canada is more similar to america but not quebec . 
  well , thankfully . 
  by that time that happens we will have more space due to terraforming and space expenditures . 
  lol, 
  lol , at least you dont have jehovah witnesses coming to your door everytime . 
  but i would 've felt awkward and uncomfortable especially since this is being said in front of your girl . 
  tbh , now that im thinking about your situation , that was really uncool of them to do that . 
  yep , i came across it accidentally through '' [ alternatehistoryhub ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/alternatehistoryhub ) '' . 
  and i am glad to have across tgw , its truly awesome youtube channel, 
  this is very much the representation of what ankara is trying to say lol . 
  with respect , there is nothing wrong with them . 
  there are issues worst then what you are currently suggesting . 
  that makes sense , good point . 
  your probably right . 
  aftering seeing what romania is called . 
  i began to search for romanians responses . 
  thats a very interesting quote . 
  i think a lot of societies are like this . 
  the loyalty you often read in regards to the british empire is truly admirable and inspiring . 
  my friend had me listen to casper , its very good . 
  he was quoting sach, 
  yep, 
  well , after what has happened in the past , people believing just about anything nowadays should n't be much of a surprise . 
  people who dislike him have irrational reasons . 
  and these same irrational people who disliked him brought in a much worst person , im thankful he 's coming coming back . 
  my thoughts to the families , i cant imagine what they are going through . 
  you dont know me , so making the assumption that im a fn voter makes no sense . 
  please grow up and if you feel the need to correct me in regards to a misunderstanding , feel free to i have no problem with that , but if not , dont reply and grow up . 
  easy, 
  creating camps to control a situation is animalistic ???? 
  didnt know that . 
  while 1 mourns , the other celebrates . 
  truly upsetting to say the least . 
  good point, 
  thanks for video . 
  may i ask , what is happening that caused this situation ? . 
  if they are having a hard time having the rejected asylum seekers leave . 
  why not just create a detention camp and send them there . 
  this way , rejected asylum seekers , who refuses to leave despite the government 's rejection , can send them there . 
  just a suggestion i believe would better organize an control the situation rather than having *** 49 % *** of them roaming the streets unintended . 
  make us proud . 
  thanks, 
  while what you say is true in regards to marth luther , a lot of people have difficulty reading the bible * because * people read the bible as if its an ordinary book . 
  read article please . 
   why not france , they were really good !, 
  mon ami , flattery will get you no where , 
  napoleon would have been established this common tongue had it not been for the russians . 
  love is truly a scary thing . 
  i was like this before , i agree 100 % with you . 
  i am surprised to see that greece is highest in eu compared to brazil to sleep a lot . 
  i always thought it was france who had the most sex . 
  i 'm digging the music tbh . 
  wow that makes sense then .
