  it was once a kingdom for 8 years after the balkan wars into eventually being part of the kingdom of yugoslavia , thanks to peter ii whose often titled `` enlightened ruler '' helped pushed it into modernization despite its constant wars with the ottomans . 
  thats all i know so far . 
  i only know because im really into monarchy and a monarchist ( lets hope i dont get beheaded ) :p, 
   a german family with 10 children damn ... 
  the french guy would be incredibly sexy with longish/short hair , like jon snows . 
  he would dress really well due to his fondness for beauty . 
  he would be a romantic , which means he would be speaking poetically to woo the women of europe , but he would also be arrogant due to his pride , he would have a small disdain for the brits but would have an affection towards that hot german women . 
  yes lol . 
  yea which is why i am surprised to see them shocked by this . 
  all countries spy on each other lol . 
   claim : `` there has been a major increase in the number of rapes in sweden . '', 
  facts : the number of reported rapes in sweden has risen . 
  but the definition of rape has broadened over time , which makes it difficult to compare the figures . 
  it is also misleading to compare the figures with other countries , as many acts that are considered rape under swedish law are not considered rape in many other countries . 
  for example : if a woman in sweden reports that she has been raped by her husband every night for a year , that is counted as 365 separate offences ; in most other countries this would be registered as a single offence , or would not be registered as an offence at all . 
  whaaat , thats crazy , but makes sense when you think about it . 
  but wow , i seriously underestimated sweden 's rape policies . 
  good post . 
  that 's really something i would n't doubt the countries selling spy tech , would be trying to do . 
  itd make sense . 
   ceyhan is among hundreds of people in turkey who have faced legal action for their comments on social media that are regarded as insulting the president or triggering hate among public members . 
  what was it that was said ? 
  over here , there are some cases where saying things such as threatening the president of the u.s can get you in trouble . 
  but obv im sure it isnt that serious in his case . 
  im just curious to know what exactly was said that could have potentially triggered hate in the public ? 
  - what i know about uk is that it was a great naval power back then and the world went by `` pax britannica '' . 
  - thanks to france , america defeated great britain and gave all of us such pleasure . 
  - great britain is a great country to reside in . 
  - i like british accents . 
  - british women are pretty hot imo . 
  - they built a very beautiful palace called `` crystal palace '' i wish i was alive to see such a beautiful palace finished . 
  - the uk has a respectable professional army - the uk has a remarkable history and anyone would never get bored learning about what went on in the uk - they have the bbc and i love bbc so much !, 
  - the uk are very into politics and it can get a bit messy and may look like it from an outsiders perspective . 
  - the uk is an admirable kingdom and are great at governing colonies . 
  it 's why a lot there ex colonies are doing so well , ( south africa , india , america , etc. ), 
  - the united kingdom 's empire is something any british citizen should be proud of imo . 
  - also , one direction came from the uk . 
  poland was a powehouse before ... well ... before her neighbors came along that is . 
  well to be fair , the european union was only created because none of us wanted another country in europe disturbing the world order . 
  or seeking revenge through militarism . 
  but i 'm a pretty optimistic person so , i do believe that a economic union would 've formed . 
  east europe, 
  yea of course , you arent wrong . 
   with the highest number of protesters being reached on the 5th of february - 600.000 people , not a single violent incident took place in the entire country respect , wish there were more like that, 
  whenever the brazilian player would have the ball . 
  the opposing fans would chant derogatory things . 
  eventually , it got to him and made him act this way . 
  yea , you see this in us matches as well ( though , its done differently . 
  like when i was in a basketball match , the opposite team mate was making a shot and does who did n't support his team were stomping on the bleachers as a way to distract him , get the nose under his skin and have him not focus in the game . ), 
  but i get what you mean . 
  i am surprised to see his/her comment interpreted like that . 
  in france half of the police force in france tends to learn towards the right . 
  but as you 've said , they 're doing there job . 
  but that is kinda of a silly interpretation dont you think ? 
  i like spain and as many said , the right wing has remained for a long time ( 1970s ) , it ' kinda makes sense since the experience is still felt . 
  reading a book will help you . 
  due to a misunderstanding of a treaty . 
   the italian version stated that ethiopia was obliged to conduct all foreign affairs through italian authorities , in effect making ethiopia an italian protectorate , while the amharic version gave ethiopia considerable autonomy , with the option of communicating with third powers through the italians . 
  thats not true , france was considered wealthy and prosperous pre-colonial times in europe . 
  ethiopia was never colonized because they had no resources or had things that was not worth the trouble . 
  i 'd give gold but i dont have money so ima say i 100 % agree with you . 
  american assistance has helped push germany into great prosperity . 
  how can you treat your friends this way . 
  i 'd like europe to fill that vacuum . 
  but this is difficult without eu military integration and acting as a single voice/force . 
  yea i come here to check myself cause i barely hear much regarding the east . 
  damn , sometimes i wonder how you guys go through 1668 comments . 
  must be tiring lol . 
  i appreciate the dedication though ,, 
  so many of these words would cause so much havoc . 
  me as well . 
  lol, 
  oh i was n't speaking like i new and i was right lol . 
  i was like expressing how important it was . 
  ( well to me ) sorry if it looked that way lol, 
  cool gif , it looks lik spain was the more lucky one, 
  whats the sub about ? 
  i never knew it existed . 
  yea , the library of alexandria in egypt was known to have so many recorded history and knowledge from all parts of the regions , there was so much things in the library that when it burned down , was seriously a blow to not just egypt but to everyone in the known world . 
  god save the queen , 
  i dont think it will ever be forgot . 
  when we have people like you guys to remind us all the time and we have people who likes history who would know and confirm . 
  it will never be forgot sir . 
  oh sorry , my mistake . 
  i was on my phone that time so i must have no seen it lol . 
  sorry again, 
  sometimes or some of the times , the colony would speak the language of the colonizer . 
  examples , brazil speaks portuguese because of portugal , majority of sa speaks spanish because of spain , etc. 
  yea but they are dying by drowning . 
  you should see what boat they use to get through the mediterranean . 
  killing anyone for selfishness and greed are all sinful . 
  please , let 's not go through this argument . 
  thanks for suggesting him , will read about him . 
  lol, 
  the treaty of versailles additionally with the great depression hitting america which germany was reliant on americas economy ( i think ) , made things worst to them being unable to pay . 
  when you have this sort of thing , it creates hate and people want revenge . 
  damn , look at italy . 
  they have so many differences in saying feb, 
  hey , earlier , when i said `` thanks for the input , good day '' . 
  i did n't want it to come off as rude lol .
