   yeps selling shit ton of fake life vests created by a new market over there . 
  --  shipping migrants over to europ for ridicules costs . 
  --  billions they gained from europe to stop the migrant flow *** can you explain ?? 
  never heard of this ***, 
   greece seeing a staggering 49.5 % those are extremely frightening statistics . 
  its that bad ? 
   young people from such countries are n't moving across the european union in hopes of finding employment , in contrast to their eastern european counterparts who are more willing to relocate for work possibilities under the freedom of movement principle . 
  i just read the *** under the freedom of movement principle . 
  *** after reading about it thru that article and thats pretty awesome . 
  america should do this with the other american countries in the america 's . 
  you are very much correct . 
  russia and germany indeed had a century long friendship so the ties between them both would n't be so far but close . 
  thank you for sharing your opinion . 
  have a nice day , 
  america sorta asked to be attacked by the germans the min they supported britain by providing supplies . 
  america : i got you great britain !, 
  great britain : thanks man germany : lol no . 
  america : wdf bro , we 're neutral !, 
  italy is rightfully given that title . 
  two war world wars has proven they like betraying there allies and being unable to win battles . 
  even hitler regrets allying himself with them . 
  there days of glory ended after rome fell . 
  bon , dont lie next time . 
  thats really unfortunate . 
  hope they still join nonetheless . 
  haha thats true . 
  your family is protected through the nation you love . 
  hence why nation is above all else ( but god for those whose religious ) . 
  but he was justified in opposing . 
  russia is already great , her problem is her leaders , annexation was not necessary . 
  but from what ive observed , it was provoked . 
  the queen of gb or any head of state of that matter . 
   french people moan so much ? 
  are you serious ? . 
  edit : know what , let me not start . 
  im actually happy to see this . 
  armenia were aggressively bullied by the turks for quite a while . 
  its nice to see russia coming to help . 
  and they have n't even recognized the genocide , shame . 
  lets be mature about this . 
  i am against france being part of a super eu state france should remain a sovereignty . 
  i am not interested of french culture and our language being slowly dissolved by other countries . 
  quebec is a reminder of what can happen to france if its absorbed by another state . 
  economically , it 'll be cool , but france must keep its identity , military and all that makes us french separate as well as the ability to protect ourselves and not rely in some neighbor . 
  i do not want my country relying in some foreign eu member . 
  french people , descendents of gauls have for a very long time held our own even from the romans . 
  we exists because we didnt rely on other people to do things for us . 
  france is already the most powerful nation in all of europe , and the richest . 
  we 're currently unmatched militarily in all of europe , the only people who rivals france is the germans / british . 
  what benefit would france gain if it unified with europe and became a superstate ? 
  , what defending against russia ? 
  the french , currently have more nukes then all other european nations besides gb . 
  france has nothing to fear . 
  i am sorry if this looks like a dicksizing because its not what i want it to be but seriously . 
  our identity would be threaten . 
  and i do not want us be part of this european state when absolutely no one was there when we attacked with terrorists . 
  it was us who dealt with the problem , not germany , not spain but france . 
  so , sorry . 
  eu should be kept as a economic thing , nothing else . 
  the greeks are known for experimenting with homosexuality . 
  even in their ancient times , they 've actually publically embraced this sort of thing back then since being gay was a norm . 
  i am very surprised by this . 
  no offense to greeks tho , u guys are cool . 
  switzerland was a a safe country to go to in ww2 . 
  they were neutral and invading them would 've been difficult to near impossible due to the geographical concerns . 
  which is why investing in space exploration is a must . 
  wow , i remember watching some shows in history of how influential the italians had in new york and the wealth they 've gained through illegal activities hence why most new yorkers talk a certain way ( because of the italian mafias ) . 
  idk im wrong but yea . 
  if it was very hard for the us to crack down on the mafia , i dont doubt italy is having just the same of a struggle in removing them . 
  i thought italy was unified under the romans ( roman empire ) . 
  since technically speaking , italy has always been unified through rome right ? 
  i firstly do apologize , i suspected that france did something wrong to entail such comment from a polish civilian . 
  i agree that there are only 2-3 countries with significant influence in the union . 
   i would like to see a europe that is n't just centered on france and germany . 
  ohhh okay i see whats going on then , that is pretty funny . 
  thanks for explaining to me , i apprieciate it . 
  can someone explain what they 're trying to say ? 
  are they anti-monarchy ? 
  anti-government ? 
  before i x the youtube video , it said `` god save the queen , the fascist regime '' but , i dont believe the united kingdom is a fascist . 
  the kingdom is fairly rich and prosperous and i believe the kingdom is pretty liberal and conservative in some parts of the region . 
  so i dont understand the context on the music or why that song was used . 
  so sorry if im over thinking this lol , just confused . 
  wow , thanks . 
  that really does sound complicated lol . 
  thanks for explaining , i really apprieciate it . 
  wow its funny because all this time i had a question ( for a good week ) i needed answered by a muslim ( or ex muslim ) and here you are lol . 
  i had just one question that i had i always wanted to ask . 
  is it okay for a non-muslim person ( man ) to befriend a muslim women ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  edit : would a family member exercise this same rhetoric towards its own brother ? 
  after watching several videos on islam . 
  i know there 's different types of them . 
  the things you 've linked me , makes me think that these are from the wahhabi islamic sects ( you also linked saudi arabia , a country that notoriously practices wahhabism ) . 
  i ca n't really speak on islam or speak for muslims because i am not one . 
  but i do know that , what you linked me is practiced by certain muslims ( terrorists ) who practice muslim there own way . 
  the same way , i am christian and my friend is catholic , she follows the catholic faith differently than i do , even tho we both worship the same god . 
  this is great news !, 
  yes , i am aware of how the current situation with migrants are being taken advantage of by them . 
  its unfortunate though .
