  i also know that australia are all descendents of criminals from great britain and how people in australia often take that with pride !, 
  his [ channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucucyesejhpedf69rrvhrh4a ) is really good and idk if you 've ever came across his channel but it really cool . 
  though , its very shameful & embarrassing as a french american to see what france has done in ww1 . 
  but anyways , check him out if you 're the type to be interested in ww1 and how it unfolded in europe . 
  although this sub is small , id like to still have people ( germans ) tell what they identify themselves as . 
  since , from my understanding , germany is germany because of prussia ( oui ? ) . 
  another reason why im asking is , ive seen a couple of people mentioning how the flag is still waved by people and that sorta peaked my interest . 
  but in all , i am generally interested . 
  thank you to those who responded . 
  [ removed ], 
  i have a friend who is polish also speaks about some instances where she would not be liked cause of what she was whenever she visits outside of poland . 
  it 's crazy to me why poles are being targeted . 
  evangelical , i wonder how many different denominations you 've encountered . 
  must be a lot !, 
  yes !, 
  no , i am not roman catholic , however , most of my cousins are . 
  all things , if done correctly will have equal results . 
  all things , if done differently , however done for the same goal , will have different results . 
  so in a way , i 'd agree with it . 
  yea ! , i have a greek friend . 
  shes very outgoing but she 's pretty loud when i visit her family , they speak loud to !, 
  sometimes wonder if they 're arguing . 
  consider the migrant crises now to previous ones . 
  the famous one is , as someone said , the yugoslavia event . 
  another is the european migration after ww2 and how you 'd have europeans crossing over to the middle east . 
  you can compare and contrast if that would help . 
  these websites ------- http://www.npr.org/2015/12/31/461627659/europes-refugee-crisis-pales-in-comparison-to-world-war-ii-aftermath https://www.pri.org/stories/2016-04-26/what-it-s-inside-refugee-camp-europeans-who-fled-syria-egypt-and-palestine-during http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36499727 https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/03/refugee-crisis-migration-europe-latin-america/ -------- helps provide details of europeans living in middle eastern countries after ww2 as refugees . 
  it gives maps and a good details on it . 
  as well as south american refugees going to america . 
  hope these help . 
   god is probably more likely to exist than a european federation xd, 
  yes . 
  i was born through the church and believe in jesus christ and the father . 
  it 's hard to separate my daily life without my faith or biblical studies being included . 
  i am a christian if you were wondering . 
  i believe that everyone should love one another , , even if your neighbor is evil , or says awful things . 
  because to me , we 're all brothers and sisters through christ . 
  sir , its not a colony . 
  it 's a french territory with french citizens who partake in french activities . 
  so i am sorry , i do not understand what point you are trying to make though . 
  france should not involve itself into american affairs . 
  this sort of thing should go towards na . 
  they 're the more wealthy and capable entities in the americas who can do something . 
  france is at the other side of the planet already dealing with its own internal affairs and simply can not extend additional resources on regions it has no reason to in the first place . 
  i was born in new york but moved to france to live with my family but when i eventually became of age ( i think 4 or 5 ) i came back to start school . 
  but i 'd also do this to learn about some people who are not french and from the east and south . 
  to learn about my neighbors type of thing if that makes sense, 
  nowadays , france is much closer with germany . 
  when i think about it , germany , historically has always been the people the french lived with . 
  sometimes , when i observe a french and german person speak with each other . 
  i feel like , despite the language and culture differences , there 's a understanding between the two due to the shared history between us both . 
  the english is the same i think . 
  it 's like a love hate relationship . 
   hell before knowing reddit i did n't even know it was forbbiden . 
  same, 
  i believe , its motivated by trade  speaking to the state news agency mti , mr. szijj\u00e1rt\u00f3 also revealed that economic cooperation was also on the agenda of his negotiations in turkiey . 
  over the first seven months of the running year , hungarian export to turkey increased further from last year 's record bilateral trade figures , he said . 
  the hungarian export credit insurance plc. 
  is to open a representation in istanbul within weeks and a $ 153m loan framework will be accessible to support cooperation between hungarian and turkish corporations , he added , revealing that the increase of direct railroad freight traffic to twice-a-week will also serve to stimulate trade between the two countries . 
  hungary is seeking to strengthen the export of agricultural and food industry product to the country , the foreign minister explained . 
  http://hungarytoday.hu/news/hungary-backs-acceleration-turkeys-accession-european-union-13344 im not hungarian so just saying what i 've read so far about it . 
   is this because of them both being mongol originated or what ? 
  if it 's anything i 've learned is that . 
  your ethnic background is irrelevant when it comes to where you are born and who you identify as . 
  i believe that `` european values '' is a subjective thing . 
  i think that , learning common values starts with learning the values of each and every country in continental europe , i know that polish values will be different with several others , just like russian values will be different from german values which is why its hard for me to look at europe and think everyone believes in the same thing , looks the same , etc. 
  when everyone shares there side of values , it will eventually match with other . 
  what ties europe together is a common cause or goal . 
  wanting to pursue prosperity and peace and technological advancements . 
  yes , i agree with what you say , especially as someone who 's living abroad . 
  yea generally , people over here , would refer him as black , your right , i guess , now that im thinking about it , it was when i was getting into higher education was i getting the other comments speaking about him being mixed . 
  no problem , im like you as well . 
  i do n't like referring people by that word as well so i can totally get where you are coming from . 
  it 's interesting , over here in new york , a lot of people would point out that obama was mix and not black and sometimes refer them as more white then the other , i 've across some who even reject that notion that he was the first black president . 
  however , like you said , its what they identify as is what matters . 
  but i think thats a really interesting thing to hear `` sounds like dog breeds '' . 
  but one thing for sure is that , it does tip toe around the racist territory . 
  italy lol, 
  hey man , thanks for making this sort of thread . 
  it was very interesting to see peoples reasons and which one they picked . 
  im going to say right-wing regime , i can probably get by with my life if even if i am forced to remain silent and not agree , i would at least probably have a profession in some field where i 'd have money to help out in some way . 
  i am going to assume that in a right wing regime , the government or leader would profess for a role model to be imitated . 
  ( being healthy , fit , educated ) work in boasting about tradition and culture and probably would encourage people to make films thats strictly based inside this right-wing regime ( if tv and internet is allowed . ), 
  then i can see arts and music that caters to the country more ( i ca n't find the word for it but you 'd see a lot of our national ideology everywhere . ), 
  this leader , would probably also profess `` perfectionism - order '' as well . 
  despite all of this , i 'd probably still tolerate this given that i 'd still have something to do , ( working - being in the military - being an officer , etc ) . 
  left-wing regime i will be assuming you 're referencing ussr ( communism ) which i dont think i 'd be able to live under . 
  at least in a right-wing regime , capitalism would connect with being very competitive through being perfect at what you are doing . 
  i ca n't see that happening in left-wing . 
  are you referencing the blue division ? 
  i just learned about it few days , well , i came across it accidentally on tumblr and posted it on the historyporn sub . 
  if you are still around , you said . 
   spain still helped the axis under the table with intelligence collaboration and a division of `` volunteers '' ( being a volunteer was indeed a choice , but not your own ) spain intentionally created the blue division under the guise of people volunteering ? . 
  figured i 'd ask you since you are spanish and have a better knowledge of about them . 
  it 's a serious profession ( ffl ) lol . 
  of course it will be dangerous . 
  i love this comment lol . 
  it 's very accurate . 
  i love it . 
  that is a really good question to me because most of the time i never associated russia with these sorts of categories and never thought of it that way .
