  i was not at home . 
  when i sorta rushed through the video and saw how a-h had so many different people ( french-poles-germans-czechs , etc ) , my love for history just came out hence why i commented the way i did earlier . 
  i got really excited because i like history , i was like `` oh shoot , this is soo cool ! '', 
  and then so man questions came into what what a-h be like ? . 
  but again , wasnt trying to be cold or anything , so apologizes if you think i was . 
  thanks for your input , good day . 
  not like that . 
  i was n't even thinking of slaves lol . 
  i was talking about diversity . 
  this is so cool . 
  honestly . 
  austria would be like the united states of europe in a sense that they would have ridiculously so many people of different backgrounds . 
  but on the positive and most optimistic side of things . 
  europe would have another strong power to assist germany , france in foreign affairs , it would also be good that germany and france doesnt have to shoulder so many things so thats good to . 
  they would survive because america still doing pretty well , and they 're very diverse . 
  the racism would probably happen in a-h the same way it is in america . 
  so i do wonder which group of people in a-h would be targeted . 
  polish ? 
  thanks for sharing nonetheless, 
  no its okay , its my fault for not being more clear in sharing there argument and why the turkish government is resistant in this . 
  i wanted to share armenia 's side but dont know much yet again and didnt wan na say incorrect things about armenia argument . 
  and any information is helpful since history is something i really like . 
  thanks again . 
  thanks for your response , still learning about this . 
  may i ask , why or what made you assume i am denying the genocide or where in my comment did i imply that i personally intentionally denying what happened ? . 
  i thought i was speaking on what turks believed and said how its challenged as you have just presented above but as i also mentioned . 
  that i am still learning this . 
  which is strange and upsetting to to come to your comment  i feel one would have to be trying their hardest to have done enough reading on the armenian genocide , and to still come out with a position of denial , such as yourself . 
  i am surprised really , unless you are trying to make me look like i am denying what happened ?? 
  but thanks for your response nonetheless . 
   will save it because i am away from home to look into the mentioned names . 
  its because of the intent . 
  its the intent in in the event that is disputed . 
  the ottoman turks had a justified fear that the armenians were becoming more and more aligned with the russian empire . 
  the armenians were christians ( i think ? 
  or was it orthodox ) and so they were able to better side with them . 
  the ottoman turks , in order to eliminate this possible problem is to relocate the armenian population and send them to syria . 
  the problem is that , no one was able to oversee the transfer , it was a failure by both the ottoman government and the governance who were required to oversee and prevent any negative outcome from relocating the armenians into syria . 
  away from russia and them possibly helping russia in the great war . 
  there intent was to relocate them not intentionally try and eliminate them from existence , which is why calling it a genocide is not the appropriate word . 
  that is what i 've read so far here . 
  however , there are others who challenges this argument which i am still reading on . 
  thanks , i appreciate it . 
  if the links would help provide some good info , ill look into it . 
  given the current escalation of things in the middle east and its impact on the european union . 
  this is considered a fair and agreeable ban . 
  i have not yet found where the burka is compulsory in islam , but the hijab is ( hair is covered but face is showing ) . 
  i think that maybe , after living in certain countries where the leaders would force these women to wear the burka for hundreds of years that it just became normal and mistakenly lumped with islam . 
  i do n't know a lot about islam and its laws so feel free to correct me if you are one . 
  i know why some supports le pen . 
  my relatives supports her and at least they can give me a good argument . 
  while other 's i 've met never gives a good reason . 
  which is why after several events , i 'll never underestimate political parties . 
  it 's always the unexpected , marine le pen will win , if not her , then fillon , i like him . 
  it actually worked in the favor of germany , everyone was afraid of the advancing german army due to there constant military and technological advantage , as well as them already working on a superbomb and other military projects which would have shifted the war horrifyingly even more into german favor , until the soviet , and allies finally , after struggling , was able to gain victory . 
  which is why germany , again , never needed `` advise '' as the poster above stated . 
  i admire that you guys are going that sort of justice system . 
  i am surprised . 
  but i wont judge the german justice system . 
  i am just surprised someone would get this much leniency from stabbing an officer all in the name of isis , who if i must remind you does things which makes you question there humanity . 
  living in new york for a while , i 've observed how attempted murders would generally get you life sentences with no parole , or a sentence that is over 10 years . 
  again , not judging , just really surprised someone is getting six years for attempted murder in the name of a terrorist group that claimed previous lives in germany . 
  exactly !, 
  it kinda rubbed off of me the wrong way when i read this , and i rarely allow things get to me but like , france , of all countries ? 
  really ? 
   it 's all a matter of identity and politics . 
  this basically sums up everything . 
  well , people tend to have there reasons in which they believe is justified . 
  they have an idea of how there country should be run 'd what it should do and what it should n't . 
  - that i occasionally mistake it with slovakia - i know that it was part of the yugoslavia federation - they are slavs, 
  given there history , they actually do have the right to speak there mind in this issue . 
  thanks for the source , im really happy and sad at the same time . 
  happy that they are finally being free from being abused 24/7 and sad that this is still prevalent . 
  your right, 
  okay so this only effects those coming in and not those already in denmark . 
  thanks for your clarification . 
  but my question is . 
  what if these asylum/migrants who are * already * in denmark and * already * married to a girl who is underage , but not underage under the law of their original land and was married their first an came to denmark ? . 
  how would that be dealt with ? . 
  the good thing i see is that it prevents from asylum seekers and they 'd have to look somewhere else . 
  the problem i see if trying to deal with those already there . 
  if anyone knows , feel free to let me know . 
  the fact that they used putins picture of that smile and write that title , makes me laugh . 
  but i know he 's just playing with peoples fears , which is why he made that smile . 
  you are right . 
   how about we go after arab countries for damages caused to europe for the crusades ? 
  maybe african tribes should be paying money to each other for past wars !, 
  very good point . 
  sometimes it 's upsetting at the lack of trust when i see the headlines with `` russia/putin alarm 's x country '' . 
   `` i 've warned many times on the russian danger in romania . 
  if , until now , the kremlin scouted the field through veiled messages , today , through his servant in chisinau , [ i.e. 
  modon ] putin sent an explicit message that he does n't care about romania 's integrity , '' he said . 
  `` it 's a clear , direct and dangerous threat , '' tomac added . 
  i wish , countries had more faith in the union . 
  one of the reasons why article 42 was made was to ensure eu members did n't have to feel `` alarmed '' because any country trying to take an eu member on would be militarily checked . 
  we need to trust each other more . 
  while i understand what you mean , please take into consideration what france was in . 
  france was still recovering , especially considering how france , besides the russians . 
  had a high death toll compared to everyone , we took the brunt of the german army . 
  im positive , france values and honors its commitment towards its allies .
