  no no , i do n't know enough of it to hate it or like it and i dislike hating things or groups or people , i just accept that there will be people that thinks differently than i do , we 're humans after all . 
  i am more of a listen first and we can get somewhere rather than criticize first then talk later ( if that makes sense ), 
  this is to funny xd, 
  what wow !, 
  i did n't know they had that many schools abroad . 
  i 'm surprised there is none in america . 
  but i got even more happy when i saw  there are plans to introduce french later . 
  ayy the swiss helping spread that beautiful french language abroad ( \u0361\u1d54 \u035c\u0296 \u0361\u1d54 ) the sooner the world learns french the sooner everyone speaks french and not english ( \u00ac \u203f \u00ac ), 
  i would like to encourage people who believe that if they do n't agree with some things there country/kingdom is doing , to pursue other means then things like this . 
  enter politics , be more organised , explain your reasons , etc. 
  stuff like this is counter productive for everyone and is very dangerous because you do not know what is patrolling the waters . 
  whatever your ideology or political compass aligns , or ( please excuse my language ) w.e the fck it is you 're trying to pursue as a political entity . 
  things like this will never help whatever cause you are trying to push , there are more better and safe solutions if you think what your government is n't doing something you like . 
  this sort of thing is not the european way if you want change . 
  haha , i needed the laugh xd, 
  beautiful !, 
  a lot of people believed in the ideals of communism that everyone should be equal and , etc and a lot of people also believed in fascism because to each and every one of them , to them , they believed it to be the right way . 
  only later are they told differently by those who did not hold there views/ideologies after a unfortunate time period . 
  there are several accounts of how people reacted when they came and visited america , especially those who came from the communist places . 
  and the point i 'm making is that , history is very much an important matter here , because its because of our past do we all have a better understanding , having the abilities to speak so freely today is because of our past and those who were willing to die for our ability to freely express our thoughts without having to worry about being killed or jailed simply because somebody did n't like what we said . 
  which is why , to me , when we begin talking about putting restrictions or limiting or anything that infringes on speech simply due to a couple of misguided individuals , it become a concern . 
  a lot of sacrifices were made by those who believed in a view that having the ability to speak up what you think and what you feel despite how different it is to others should be protected , they also sacrificed themselves so that other people also had the ability to use free speech to help educate ( nonviolently ) those who speaks negative statements , held negative views and ideologies , etc. 
  it 's so strange seeing russia and china working together . 
  there relationship is so complicated , russia literally has [ missiles pointed at china ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2017/07/why-is-russia-aiming-missiles-at-china/ ) , ofc among other things . 
  their relationship has n't been so nice to put it nicely . 
  russia has been admirably very bold , i will give them that , however . 
  no matter how many military drills is conducted . 
  the baltics are part of the north atlantic and the eu in which the baltics has the luxury of all eu nations helping to defend an eu member . 
  nato and the eu would come down on the bear like a giant sword . 
  which is why i always roll my eyes when they do this . 
  a lot of soldiers died so that free speech exist . 
  there has always been things that i absolutely can not support and will not support but the fact they have the luxury to do and even say things that half of the world can not , due to dictatorship and extreme governance by ruthless leaders . 
  free speech is great because you can help promote things that people believe should be addressed and you will occasionally get people ( like these ) who takes advantage to promote something that has the potential to divide a nation all the more , especially given the current situation . 
  which is why , i stress that talking ( not attacking physically or verbally ) to these individuals who holds these sorts of negative views is important because i can bet half if not most of them lacks guidances and have nothing better to do . 
  i remember seeing a news where a coloured person became friends with the kkk , and he changed them to no longer pursue such hate . 
  my teacher spoke of a funny scenario about how , when a coloured person was eating chicken by himself , a group of supremacist came to him and said `` what you do to that chicken we will do to you '' . 
  the coloured person kissed it and everyone laughed . 
  which is why , free speech is good , its ultimately a good thing . 
  regardless of how differently they think of things . 
  the great things about it is that you to have the ability to exercise your free speech to help talk with them as a person . 
  because i feel like recently , people have been more violent and physical towards each other rather than talking because that is not how you get through to people . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg-flv-4u8e https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nw3rlnxmty, 
  good points . 
  i am more confident that the turkish government will notice and begin making noise before everyone else does . 
  and when that happens , a lot of people will see georgia and other countries and start caring ( i use that word loosely ) . 
  but i personally think turkey is georgia 's best chance at trying to fight this . 
  turkey has the capability to pull its weight and has , in the past made some really bold moves and so i wo n't doubt turkeys willingness to do what needs to be done . 
  really ? 
  i hope you are right man . 
  thanks for translating man . 
  my condolences to the families who struggles daily in italy . 
  i believe simply increasing the income supplements wo n't * fix * the issue . 
  i always believed that in order to fix a problem , you must attack the root cause of it . 
  it 's very unfortunate to me because the current situation has for some time now . 
  constantly refocused the governments attention towards the migrants rather than focusing on it 's own issues . 
  granted , if foreign people constantly kept coming into your country , youd have no choice but to focus your attention on them for the time being and try what you can do to either find a way to make them not swarm into your country , accept massive waves of them or something else . 
  but  according to official figures , 4.7 million italians live in absolute poverty . 
  the number is 144,000 up on 2015 its so crazy to me , i do n't like exaggerating things but i am seriously shocked at those numbers and its so scary because so much bad things can happen when you have so many natives in such condition , agitated and things can get much worst . 
  i can only hope things get better . 
   soft power , a term first coined by the academic joseph nye , is the ability to harness international alliances and shape the preferences of others through a country 's appeal and attraction . 
  i never looked at it that way . 
  i usually thought soft power was like a way of saying `` they have a great military but would never use it other then for humanitarian reasons . 
  like switzerland . 
  but if soft power is like that then i can fully understand and i think it 's a great way for those who are n't so keen on using military all the time . 
  i remember hearing someone say `` true power is not by the one who wields it but having the ability to influence and control the person who has most of it . '', 
  i really wish i knew where i got it from but soft power seems to really support this kind of thing ( i think ) . 
  can you do a better poll ? . 
  the choices are to difficult and does n't leave room for a better alternative choice . 
  haha , not only south american , we have territories in asia and in africa . 
  it 's european , asia , south america , african . 
  but france is n't the only country who has territories outside . 
  spain to , it has territories in what people call africa . 
  so it 's european , african . 
  i think great britain also has territories outside of europe . 
   this sub loves the eu , but they do n't love europeans . 
  they downvote anything that goes against their image of a perfect europe . 
  they desire the uk to end up in ruins just because they got out of the eu . 
  i sympathize with your views in this regard, 
  macron would n't give up , he kept at it . 
  i always admired there strong stance on neutrality . 
  ths would make sense then . 
  so basically everything just got outta control . 
  i was told that it was because of a women ( like he took a picture with a greek waitress , but now im told its serbian waitress . 
  some are saying its out of racism but a lot of greeks tells me theres lots of coloured people who goes to that bar because its a tourist destination . 
  so if its because of his colour then its because he took a picture of a women ? . 
  if you are greek please , i 'd like to hear from you because it happened in your place and would have a better idea of what actually happened . 
   the document stated that the new combat system , which analysts say could involve a mixture of manned and unmanned aircraft , would replace both the eurofighter and the rafale . 
  i 'm excited to see this new aircraft . 
  good news !, 
  my friend , i will acknowledge and respect the fact that you perhaps oppose the legalisation of gay marriage , for reasons perhaps due to either your culture or religion and you know , that is okay , everyone has different views and has different ideologies , its what makes us all human regardless of where we stand in things . 
  i will also encourage you however , to accept that in a democratic nation , the majority has the last say in things . 
  if you live in a country that opposes your views then there is not much you can do but to simply accept it . 
  that is how democracy works , . 
  lastly , i will not insult you here but , i want you to know that current ideology and views of a lot of people here in this sub are very much not aligned with yours . 
  so i am warning you to either delete this and save yourself the trouble or prepare yourself . 
  ww2 is so crazy , so much went on that it wasnt just germany and ussr , a lot of bad things happened in both sides . 
   since 2004 lithuania has lost more than 10 % of its population ( +300 k ) !, 
  omg . 
   since 1990 we have *** lost about 800k people *** and for a small country this is a huge loss . 
  we 're losing our youngest and brightest so in the future we will just have old people who will be dying .
