  but even that journey would require a good boat . 
  i thought german would be larger . 
  i also thought italy would 've been included with france and uk and ireland and spain and portugal . 
  cyprus is strange . 
  how did vikings get all the way to the east mediterranean ? 
  great map nonetheless !, 
  if sending troops would ensure that volunteers can continue their duty in helping the sickly and elders and people generally affected by the war , also , preventing man ( and women ) to not have to go through what his friend did . 
  as well as help fix the rising prices through financial aid , then i am for it . 
  but i am not interested in making things worse if that is what would happen . 
  what were you thinking i was suggesting ? 
  an invasion ? 
  i 'm sorry , i am confused as to why you asked me that first question . 
  i prefer a more humanitarian effort , in the video , the man spoke of the struggles it took in regards to the exchange ( even said how they pulled several nails from his friend . 
  they execute volunteers rather than exchange them . ), 
  i do commend the man who are trying . 
  i just wish there was more security , european aid . 
  the man volunteering to help our should n't have to deal with these stressful situation . 
  i really do n't like when people write `` the war in ukraine 's east is europe 's forgotten crisis '' . 
  i never forgotten about the ukrainian situation . 
  i always check up on them several times a week . 
  and it gets me mad everytime i do check because we ' are not doing enough militarily to prevent this . 
  you should not be having an old women having to bury both her sons , her husband and sister . 
  it 's fate was due to the zoning laws ? 
  how extreme were these buildings that they could n't just let it slide ? 
  the way the article speaks of it means that , as it also could have been the location where wealthier people resided in '' * `` the section originally designed for wealthier residents . 
  par sarcaceno , stands as a ghost town , including a now vacant but once popular hotel built to resemble a castle , a remnant of the village 's grand ambitions . 
  '' * and all of this was due to zoning laws ? . 
  i feel like there has to be more to this story . 
  i would prefer pushing for a more self-reliant military industry rather than putting money on foreign aircrafts . 
  which is why i am interested in eu countries investing and upgrading , improving the multirole fighter , eurofighter typhoon . 
  building a better tank , etc. 
   it was one of merkel 's most direct warnings yet to u.k. policy makers ahead of brexit talks between the eu and the u.k. 
  the german chancellor , who presides over europe 's biggest economy and is running for a fourth term of office in september , has insisted that while germany wants to maintain close ties , the eu wo n't make special allowances for the u.k.  german chancellor angela merkel said the u.k. will pay a price if it curbs immigration from the european union after brexit , highlighting her uncompromising stance on the fundamentals of future relations . 
  i wish she had this bold stance towards other issues as well . 
   in addition to these measures , police have evacuated at least 300 afghan and syrian-origin people from the neighborhood . 
  they will now be sent to migrant camps in different provinces across turkey . 
  the brawl was reportedly ignited after a group of syrian and afghan migrants heckled women in \u0130smetpa\u015fa on may 14 . 
  i commend the turks for responding this way . 
  sending them to the camp would ' have them simply crawl back to that location . 
  but i do n't doubt the turks ability to prevent such thing . 
   the fight in which \u015eahin was killed erupted after locals reacted against the heckling honestly , the turks are known for being really defensive about their women . 
  they should 've known this . 
  another statement that made me ask is . 
   `` we are suffering and we will not harbor those who made us suffer . 
  these kinds of incidents are happening constantly but nobody intervenes in them , '' arslan said how often are incidents like this that the government would turn a blind eye to it or simply try to not give it as much media attention ? . 
  is this person telling the truth ? 
  thanks . 
  your fear is justified, 
  what do you mean that ? 
  perhaps you word it wrong . 
  i have a friend who was dating this man from ghana . 
  she mentioned that her bf 's mother called her `` white '' in a more derogatory term in the language , so much so that they often encouraged her bf to break up with her because of her being white/european . 
  fortunately , she isnt dating that awful person but it really confirms what you said . 
  people in africa are no different to their bias towards others who arent from the same clan/country , etc . 
  it 's so weird to me , how its not getting the equal exposure that europe is getting . 
  i will admit , france has had its fair share of contributing to the instability of the middle east after ottoman empire 's dissolution . 
  we drew lines without respecting the cultural , religious , linguistic and ethnic groups within those regions . 
  we grew arbitrary boxes/circles and said `` this is ____ '' . 
   they built their first aircraft carrier !, 
  i saw that !, 
  i was in disbelief at first . 
  now i am shocked and surprised . 
  i do not know . 
  the italian language is unique , some words may not sound italian when it infact it is italian . 
  i am not the best person to ask that question , i am french , not italian . 
  exactly . 
  she was 13 . 
  she even explained why she wanted to hang out with them . 
   it is alleged the arena clan , part of the powerful ` ndrangheta crime syndicate , may have taken more than a third of the $ 100m ( $ 109m / # 85m ) destined for the centre in the past 10 years . 
  they made $ 1bn in just 10yrs !, 
  i always , for some strange reason , looked at these mafia 's as people who despite their disregard for their own fellow italians that they 'd still have some sort of consideration of the situation happening in italy . 
  its a shame , they ' could have used their connections/wealth to fix some things in italy but , its my ignorance at fault , no more tho . 
  this is why i try and never take public restrooms , stuff like that , i just dont want to experience . 
  its good you both left before things got seriously bad . 
  stuff like this really messes me up , from pure anger to the people that did not even help ( told to not mention there background ? 
  are you serious ? ), 
  to just pure sadness at the very life she was forced into . 
  i had bad internet where i was . 
  so i had to trust the person ( takes to long to load ) . 
  the video he provided , i had to look for it but couldnt find it . 
  i do n't like him . 
  he appears to be globalistic with a globalist agenda and against all nations . 
  he is very dangerous to me , people like him should not have power . 
   can we blame poland for leaning towards the usa who are contributing resources and training to help them protect their borders nope . 
  the unwillingness of the western europeans sorta irritates at times because that . 
  but you are right . 
  i probably commented on an application before , i apologise for that . 
  i do n't think this is the appropriate thread for that . . 
  good article . 
  i love strong people like her , we need more people like that . 
  whats a farm right if you dont mind me asking ? 
  good post . 
  i agree with you . 
  i just hope when politicians in uk say , as you said how even that is unfair and request a better special treatment . 
  that eu politicians would not bend and have a more committed response and stay consistent with how they deal with it . 
  i feel like , it 's easy for them to assimilate . 
  the cultural/traditional barriers are n't as wide as it is involving europe and mena . 
  i 've lived in ny and dealt with immigrants since i worked at a daycare/tutoring center , where they often pick up there kids after coming from work , and so you are very right in this . 
  however , you 'd get along with them very well because of the similar values latin america/mexico has with na . 
   trying to have your cake and eating it is not a great way to deal with challenges .
