so true , the source does n't matter for them . 
  this is an absolute statement . 
  one that has been proven wrong . 
  that was my point . 
  not only is your judgement bad , you have seemingly real trouble of seeing simple patterns . 
   so true , the source does n't matter for them . 
  read the top three comments ... 
  * biological, 
  [ reminds me of this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gavxulsgh_a ), 
  you mean the acropolis where the parthenon is ? 
  i live in ludwigshafen , germany . 
  a place where there are a lot of turkish people and where you probably get the second best d\u00f6ner in all of germany ( if you include mannheim ) . 
  the best would be in berlin . 
  where the fuck do you get your d\u00f6ner from ? 
  the german word for diet describes the salary of the people working in the bundestag , the representatives . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , something got mixed up here . 
  that may work in english , but in german ( my mother tongue ) , that 's not possible . 
  with our language , things have genders that do n't even really have them . 
  an entrance is a `` he '' ( der eingang ) , a door a `` she '' ( die t\u00fcr ) and the wood it is made of an `` it '' ( das holz ) . 
  i am not even kidding . 
  ah shit , i am all for calling people as the gender they identify as , but this is slowly getting confusing ... 
  i think schr\u00f6der 's statement should n't be trusted , since he has strong ties to russian natural gas companies . 
  oh my god , i 'm being stalked !, 
  it finally happened :-p, 
  in fact , i never did . 
  this is the very first time in over 2 years on reddit that anyone ever even mentioned my strange nickname , i believe . 
  * that 's * insane . 
  that was * insane * ... 
  thank you . 
  you are right . 
   `` opposition leader '' navalny got 5 years of probation - literally for bad advice [ 14 ] can you please give an english source for that ? 
  i would really like to read more about that . 
   if the spd had the guts , they should form a minority government or a triple coalition with the left party . 
  sadly , they do n't . 
  the german government is fucked up . 
  and even now that over 50 % of people dislike how things have gone in the last period , still nothing will change . 
  `` die linke '' / the left party has what now , 1/2 or 1/3 of the votes that the spd has ? 
  and they still do n't acknowledge them ? 
  that is just fucked up . 
  * verdammte it really * is * hard . 
  that was a total waste of my time . 
  if you agree with her , find someone else to set you straight , i wo n't waste any more of my evening to such nonsense . 
  the odd thing is , your first statement was grammatically correct as far as i can tell , but your second one was n't . 
  what would you have done ? 
  sent him back to his home country to be executed ? 
  there is a reason we condemn the death penalty in germany , but some people seem to forget that . 
  and * this * is why people use the / s * tone * people , it 's important in sarcasm and is n't transmitted via single text sentences . 
  what ? 
  a large part of communication is non-verbal . 
  how the hell would a reader know from a single sentence if the tone is sarcastic , dead-pan or serious ? 
  especially if it is an unknown person ? 
  they are either an idiot or someone making a joke , both is equally possible , the reader is n't stupid for being unable to decide which . 
  all great points , very concise . 
  i would point out the wrong use of the word `` literally '' , but technically , they do not give a literal fuck . 
  a newspaper has no genitalia . 
  well , that 's a fair point , i guess . 
  my only caveat would be that mohammed would be the evil we know , because there are actual historical records about him as a person . 
  we know basically nothing about jesus except for what stands in the bible and it is laughably unreliable as a record , so ... perhaps he would be , perhaps he would n't . 
  but it 's likely you 're right . 
  that is because these days we seem to have the light version of christianity , bound , distorted and forced through all kinds of mental acrobatics to better fit modern standards . 
  there is horrible stuff in the bible just as is in the quran . 
  just take * anything * from this website : http://www.evilbible.com/evil%20bible%20quotes.htm i agree that islam is uniquely problematic among all the major religionst ... at this time . 
  but at least those zealots , fanatics and extremists among them are consequential , you 'll have to give them that . 
  a literal reading of the bible would make for a priest as he was in the middle ages , not one as he is in modern times . 
   michelle bachman was a fringe candidate in 2012 she was third place in the polls at certain points . 
  and as vice president , only one person needs to die for you to become president . 
  the chance for that is higher in my opinion than for isis to get a single nuclear weapon , not to mention the whole u.s. arsenal worth of nuclear weapons . 
  also , i never claimed that they wanted to create a theogracy in the u.s. , all the things you mentioned are things i already know - it 's just the nuclear codes thing that is worriesome . 
  also , there are other examples of christianity leading to similar amounts of death and suffering as islam in very recent history . 
  for example , [ take this . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/oct/07/iraq.usa ) it is beyond any doubt that the actions of many americans , republicans in particular , are influenced and/or inspired by their religious beliefs . 
  not that the u.s. are unique in this , the leading party in germany for example , with angela merkel at the head , is the cdu , the * christian * democratic union . 
  which is scary , really , but they do n't seem to show their true colors as often as politicians in the u.s. ( although they did so recently regarding her statements about gay marriage ) . 
  but i digress . 
  political decisions should be based in reason , not faith . 
  you ca n't argue with someone about the dangers of global warming who believes that the world will end soon anyway , with the re-appearance of jesus christ , or who believes it ca n't happen because of things that stand in genesis in regards to the standing of man in this world . 
  and those are just the extreme examples , which only are in regards to the fringe - it 's the whole spectrum between that and purely reason-based discourse which is worriesome . 
  thank you for the kind words . 
  i 'm happy you see it as `` eloquent '' , where i see it as a convoluted writing style born from tiredness , with a lack of clarity . 
  i just hope i got my point across without angering people so much that they become blind to the message itself ( or so bored they stop reading ) . 
  i may be late to the party , but i have something of importance to add , in my opinion . 
  it is in regards to a lot of sentiments in these comments and to the last section of the article , namely :  `` of course , the bible contains barbaric passages , as well . 
  but there are historical and theological reasons why christians and jews can now easily ignore them . 
  unfortunately , out of excessive concern not to appear biased , many liberals consider any discussion of the special problem posed by islamism to be a sign of bigotry . 
  this attitude helps bar the door to reform . '', 
  a lot of people here seem to be under the impression that islam is worse than other major religions * in general * , instead of * at this time * . 
  with the latter , i would agree 100 % . 
  isis , boko haram , the muslim brotherhood , human rights violations in the middle east and northern africa etc. 
  are huge problems . 
  but the answer to the question which religion holds the most destructive potential , no matter which kind of measure you use , is dependent on * when * you ask that question . 
  today , the answer is islam . 
  only a few years back , both in 2008 and 2012 , the answer would have * clearly * been christianity . 
  in 2012 because sarah palin was the vice-presidential candidate of the republican party in the usa , in 2016 because michelle bachmann was a ( likewise ) gop candidate with good chances of getting the candidacy ( third place in the polls at some points in time ) . 
  both have proclaimed at different points in the past that jesus would return within our lifetime and that the endtimes were coming . 
  just the chance of someone like that getting nuclear launch codes is insane . 
  the reason i 'm pressing this point so much is n't because i want to ruin everyone 's parade here . 
  in fact , i really hope that more people share this same sentiment you ( or rather we ) all do . 
  all i 'm asking for is that you all do not become hypocrites , blaming islam for so much while turning a blind eye to the wrongdoings of other faiths ( of which there are many ) . 
  otherwise , people will rightfully call you prejudiced or hypocritical and i 'd like to stand with you on this issue , not against you .
