  there are also * many * reasons to be against it . 
  while i personally am not against gmo 's in principle , for example , i respect that a decision has been reached that represents the wishes of the people . 
  the ttip would undo that , among another few nasty things . 
   germans are still suffering from this psychic wound stemming from ww2 , in which the only aspect of `` german-ness '' they feel they can be proud of is fiscal discipline as a german , reading this and the rest of your comments seems really weird . 
  on one hand because it makes sweeping generalisations and on the other that , even when using generalisations to make a point about trends , they seem to be wrong ( or at least only apply to certain groups within germany , not the majority ) . 
  many here are bothered by the fact that so much of the european policy is decided by the european parliament , with little direct democratic influence of the people . 
  the wealth of this country has come on the expense of others . 
  a lot of the people here realize this and they know that those in power ( politicians and corporations alike ) do n't care about them at all and that this agreement , while economy boosting and good for large corporations , will be detrimental to the average citizen . 
  while it is true that germany as a whole has prospered , that only holds true when averaging . 
  the gap between rich and poor is growing in this country as it is everywhere else and one of the main reasons for that are multinational corporations . 
  among other things , in germany , there is a strong politically left heritage from the days of the ddr and from communism basically being invented here ( karl marx , communist manifesto , etc. ) . 
  as the political right and fascistic tendencies have never completely died , the left has grown all the much stronger . 
  antifa is relatively popular . 
  decades ago , people ignored attac , an organisation that warned against globalisation and that still exists , i believe , but has fallen into obscurity a bit , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  we did n't heed their warnings and now a lot of people here lack future perspectives , hope and they see the misery our prosperity has brought over the world * in combination * with us becoming more and more indebted . 
  i feel like i digress , so let me put it bluntly : we are n't idiots . 
  we see what the ttip is for , we are concerned about it being discussed in secret , we are concerned about losing a lot of our freedoms ( international courts deciding instead of our lawmakers ? 
  no way to appeal and said courts are held by a corporation-appointed tribunal , instead of democratically elected officials ? 
  the whole thing stinks and vague promises of economic growth are n't enough to justify the huge problems this could bring . 
  if i had n't known that before reading this thread , i would have known it from reading the other responses . 
  i simply took your statement literally , because it is less non-sensical that way . 
  how do you `` sabotage '' a woman ? 
  i think this would count as a war crime and a crime against humanity , as well as genocide . 
  hate crime is pretty low on the list when going for severity . 
  imagine if , after the cartoons some years ago , some islamists had blown up a damn . 
  damn . 
  i 'm done talking to you . 
  it 's hopeless , you are literally too dumb for me to have any hope of getting anything through to you . 
   you have to realize americans do not care what europeans think . 
  then why the fuck do you come to / r/europe to argue about this if you do n't care ? 
  and yes , you are stupid . 
  most of the time , you can hardly string a meaningful sentence together and when you manage that , you still make a ton of mistakes , unless you wanted to say that i `` love '' over there in the u.s. my only point is that the status quo is undesirable and you have n't made a single point against that . 
  you are literally incapable of having a reasonable discussion , you fucking troglodyte !, 
  you are proving my point . 
  it 's impossible to argue with you because you are too dumb to even understand what the subject of this discussion is . 
  your constitution is irrelevant in a discussion that 's about wether or not the second amendment ( and its interpretation ) is a good idea in the first place . 
  i initially said that some would argue that having a large populace with guns is n't a good idea , meaning that , and i need you to pay close attention here , *** a lot of people having guns might be a bad idea *** . 
  we are * not * talking about : * wether or not you have a right to have guns . 
  * if someone is or is n't capable of taking said guns . 
  * who or what is granting you your right to guns . 
  the very fact that you are incapable of grasping this simple concept , namely what it is we are arguing about in the first place , is testament to the poor quality of large parts of the u.s. educational system and to why it is impossible to argue with a lot of you . 
  you are literally just too stupid to have a discussion with . 
  this does n't even begin to cover the actual argument , i.e. 
  wether or not it is a good idea to allow the general population to have easy access to guns . 
  it 's just that we ca n't even get to a proper discussion because you are literally too stupid for that , as you 've now proven again and again . 
  i laughed because you actually think hillary is trying to take away your guns . 
  also , why the hell are you arguing wether or not anyone * can * take your guns away when the question should be wether or not they are a good thing or not ? 
  that 's the reason why it is impossible to argue such things with people from the u.s. too many of you are extremely biased , unreasonable and impossible to have any meaningful discussion with . 
  hahahaha !, 
  thank you , now at least i know what you are trying to tell me . 
  also , you are kind of proving my point about not being reasonable and as such responsible enough to have them in the first place . 
   i like how you replied to him because you 're scared of me ( i guess ) . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to mindlessly repeat stuff someone else already said . 
  i do n't need to make a reply if someone else gave a satisfying answer already and i was more interested in talking to / u/somedudeorwhatevs than to you . 
  but i guess indifference is the same as fear . 
  just out of curiosity , i took a peek at your profile . 
  redditor for 17 days , with tons of downvoted b.s. 
  and comments praising trump . 
  i 'm not going to waste any more time on a person like you . 
  chances are you are an american who is lying about his identity to spread propaganda . 
  yes , the u.s. are freeer ( what a word ) , more secure and safe than western and northern europe , australia , canada , new zealand , etc. 
  you got me . 
  also , do you happen to be american ? 
  cool reply , * dude * . 
  now can we please start talking in sentences that are intelligible and make sense ? 
  or do you want to keep spouting things that might as well have come from the / r/subredditsimsimulator simulator bot ? 
  i guess we found the american . 
  the second one here who has replied thus far . 
  i do n't like the prospects of my inbox for the next couple of days . 
  i know i should n't engage these people , but i ca n't just let things stand as they are  . < there goes a bit of my sanity ... 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't realize someone would take a throwaway line summarizing my stance and assume that 's the whole sum of everything i know and think about the topic . 
  it 's as though i said : `` i like ice cream '' and you are arguing : `` why are n't you specifying which flavour you mean ? 
  and by this you are * explicitly * stating that you like all ice cream , when there is obviously ice cream out there that is really , really bad . 
  in fact , i believe you know nothing about ice cream at all . '', 
  you are being dismissive and kinda ridiculous . 
  i was just thinking : `` thanks for proving my point . '', 
  it 's impossible to argue this with americans . 
  they believe someone from abroad who is against guns ca n't possibly have taken into account the things that speak for them . 
  i believe myself to be quite well informed about the gun issue . 
  it is you who is making presumptions about how much i 've informed myself about it . 
  oooh , right . 
  i knew i forgot something . 
  i even stayed awake for that one , waiting for the news to roll in . 
   or tell have someone else try . 
  has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like, 
  terrorist attacks in spain and britain , anyone ? 
  those were a pretty big deal . 
  except for the bus attack in nice , as well as the charlie hebdo attacks , there has n't been a large scale islamic terrorist attack lately iirc . 
  last major terrorist attack except for the one in nice was by breivick and that was n't one facilitated by organised terror groups but a lone maniac . 
  which is why many would argue that having a large populace with guns at their disposal is bad for everyone involved . 
  but try arguing that on a predominantly american site :p, 
  thank you . 
  i obviously do n't actually hate the brits . 
  if i did , i 'd be glad that they voted for the brexit . 
  the fact that i 'm bitter about that is because i do n't * not * care for them . 
  i added you as well . 
  ireland , scotland and germany , friends forever , united in their scoffing at english silliness . 
  united in hatred !, 
  ( or at least slight annoyance ) in the spirit of european friendship , i just added you as a friend . 
  then you should have voted to stay !,
