and the us should probably give up alaska to canada and give hawaii its independence . 
  you 've got to remember that a lot of the laws `` coming back '' to the uk are devolved matters but with the way the article 50 parliment act was written the uk gov can make sweeping changes with to laws without parlimentary approval which would includes retaining and/or changing devolved matters . 
  kicking off the indy ref stuff just now makes it more difficult to do as the snp will use it as a lot of evidence of the uk government continually not listening to the scottish people , along with the brexit vote and along with possibly delaying the indy ref vote by some 4 + years . 
  even if it 's pushed back everything being discussed that relates to anything in scotland would still have a massive question mark over them . 
  irregardless of the date , until the referendum is held there 's no guarentee what ever the uk offer the eu wo n't be lost post referendum . 
  surely it hurts the uk more . 
  hard to argue concessions like the ability of fish in scottish water if that access may be lost in a short space of time . 
  it removes some bargaining chips from the uks hand or at least reduces their value . 
  your union has n't even stood for a century without losing members . 
  you 'll never prevail over the empire !, 
  you mad ? 
  do n't worry bro i got you !, 
  places a blue tile to push back the red menace !, 
  the first time germany invaded france we had them on our side , the second time they buddied up with germany so this time around it 's our turn to have them . 
  except most scottish people voted in a government with a pro indy manifesto based on the brexit outcome . 
  also most scottish people do n't want westminster blocking any attempt by the scottish government to have a referendum . 
  you could n't even stop the germans getting back to their old tricks what makes you think you can combat the might of the empire !, 
  the timings that the scottish government have asked for is the point in the negotiations where the major decisions have been made mentioned by may but before they come into full effect . 
  even if there is a yes vote the negotiations for that would be about 2 years ( at least i think that was the time frame mentioned last time ) . 
  at worst there would be 6 months cross over based on the layed out time frames . 
  it would also allow the uk government to give more focus on the remaining uk and how the brexit changes will impact them . 
  we 're having the northern bit of yours too, 
  so like a school child it 's `` not now , it does n't matter what you want '' . 
  that 's not exactly democratic either . 
  specifically when the uk government look to be ready to absorb powers which under current legislation should be devolved . 
  the timing is important . 
  imagine the eu had said `` sorry now 's not a good time for you to trigger a50 maybe in a few years '' . 
  i think you misunderstand which union i shall be defending !, 
  give it a try it 's lovely especially with some whisky sauce, 
  come and have a go if you think you 're hard enough !, 
  so it 's come to this has it then ? 
  so be it , war it is !, 
  i ca n't understand a word you crazy dutch fuckers are saying but have an upvote because i love bitterballen ( though haggis balls are superior ), 
  europe is a geographical region . 
  the eu is a union of countries mainly in europe . 
  switzerland is in europe but is n't in the eu , russia west of the urals is in europe but is n't in the eu etc etc, 
  may seems to want to block the scottish people vote in a pro indy majority to holyrood which then votes on and passed a request to allow for a second indy referendum . 
  that does n't seem very democratic . 
  nah the scottish government have now officially put in the request for to have one . 
  the uk government needs to agree to it before it can be arranged . 
  it looks doubtful that they will agree to it . 
  the odd few people might , mainly other eu nationals but not any in any major way . 
  i do n't think many have said they will either , at least as far as i know . 
  though if farage and nick griffin both want to i 'll carry their bag for them . 
  part of me hopes they just kick up shit . 
  `` give us the 6 counties back or you 're getting nuffin ! '', 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-25132026 that 's the earliest i can find and access from work but there 's a number of hits if you search for `` spanish position on scottish independence '' or even just `` mariano rajoy scotland '', 
  commie northerners ? 
  that 's lovely . 
  is it surprising that a massive amount of scottish people do n't wish to remain part of the uk when that 's the type of attitude on display . 
  before the last referendum `` if you vote yes you 're leaving the eu the only way to remain is to vote no '' . 
  a short time later `` surprise were voting for brexit !, 
  what 's that ? 
  two thirds of you voted to remain ? 
  tough luck ! '', 
  [ that 's already getting sorted as we speak ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrvjjbr0w9g ), 
  the scottish gov is free to have a referendum on anything they want but unless it 's on a devolved matter they ca n't take any action over it . 
  now the last time indyref was happening there was a debate about how this would play out particularly with a1 of the un charter relating to the right to self determination . 
  it would have had to gone to court to decide but thankfully did n't have to happen . 
  realistically though i do n't think it would work . 
  most unionists would boycott a non-official referendum ( and likely a number of indy supporters as well ) . 
  it would also likely make it very difficult to join the eu afterwards . 
  spanish politicians have been very clear , they wo n't veto scotlands ascension as long as it 's independence is with agreement from the uk gov. 
  scotland forcing a split would play into the concern over catalonia . 
  no the section 30 changes need to come from the crown which means the uk government . 
  the vote today was for the scottish government to go forward with a request for the uk gov to allow the way for scottish independence on the back of a referendum legislated by the scottish government . 
  the full text is :  that the parliament acknowledges the sovereign right of the scottish people to determine the form of government best suited to their needs and therefore mandates the scottish government to take forward discussions with the uk government on the details of an order under section 30 of the scotland act 1998 to ensure that the scottish parliament can legislate for a referendum to be held that will give the people of scotland a choice over the future direction and governance of their country at a time , and with a question and franchise , determined by the scottish parliament , which would most appropriately be between the autumn of 2018 , when there is clarity over the outcome of the brexit negotiations , and around the point at which the uk leaves the eu in spring 2019 . 
  this was amended to add :  ; believes that this gives people in scotland a choice at a time when there is both the most information and most opportunity to act ; further believes that 16 and 17-year-olds and eu citizens , who were excluded from the eu referendum , should be entitled to vote , and considers that this referendum is necessary given the prime minister 's decision to negotiate a hard exit from the eu , including leaving the single market , which conflicts with assurances given by the uk government and prominent leave campaigners , and which takes no account of the overwhelming remain vote in scotland . 
  snp have 63 members of parliament and the greens ( who are also pro indy ) have 6 . 
  i have n't seen the breakdown but i 'm guessing all snp and greens voted for it . 
  no as the scottish government is asking for a section 30 amendment to the scotland act based on the outcome of the referendum . 
  enjoy joining the republic < 3, 
  the locals are normally covered in chocolate and have a crunchy centre . 
  sorry i 'm not following what you are trying to say . 
  i mentioned that it was different as a lot of what has been said recently about indyref2 is around `` scotland is just leaving one union for another '' but as i said the end result is n't the same in regards to the votes i do n't disagree that a number of snp supporters do n't want to join the eu though the alternative they generally want would be to join efta this is partially why the snp have stepped away with promoting the eu and more promoting europe as a whole . 
  remember though as a whole scotland voted to remain in the eu . 
  1.7 m people voted to remain compared to 1.6 m who voted yes in the first indy referendum and 1.0 m who voted for snp in the most recent scottish election for their local candidate ( ie ignoring the lists vote ) while there is cross over in all groups the scottish public, 
  the amount of control exhibited by the eu over the uk is n't comparable to that over westminster and scotland . 
  it 's not a really fair comparison . 
  what also stands out is that brexit was very much inward looking and as you said `` taking back control '' where as indyref is more about scotland ascending to be part of europe and become more outward facing . 
  given it 's a european sub it 's not surprising that there is more favour for one which promotes the value of being part of europe and the eu over the other which is more inward facing . 
  also everyone loves us scots , 
  yeah but in the uk we 're happy when we 're miserable . 
  the one from new zealand who kicked about with the short dudes with hairy feet for 3 movies . 
  i think you should reed what you just replied too . 
  iirc sinn fein in uk elections refuse to sit in parliament but they still get a few seats every year . 
  and there would have to be a nationalist majority in the assembly but i think it 's hovering around 40 % at the moment . 
  even then with the history in n.ireland i think they would want a bigger margin before anything was attempted . 
  there 's 2 years of negotiations then we 're out . 
  in that time we need to get everything tied up otherwise we leave with nothing . 
  is there any further explanation behind the scoring ? 
  for example why did n't france and the uk get 100 % ? 
  also what 's going on with italy ? 
  edit : i did n't notice the full report page . 
  it seems the uk and france both fail at `` availability of self-administered hormonal contraception without prescription '' and italy is just a general mess . 
  spain have n't ever said they would block scotland joining the eu . 
  catalonia and scotland are two different situations and they 've acknowledged that . 
  http://www.thenational.scot/news/15149387.spanish_mep_from_ruling_party__we_won_t_veto_scotland_s_eu_membership/ it 's also been said it 's unlikely for a50 to be triggered this week : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-article-50-wont-be-triggered-this-week-theresa-may-eu-referendum-latest-news-rome-treaty-a7627676.html as for may blocking indy2 i think that 's very unlikely . 
  more likely is that she will agree but push the data back to post a50 being complete . 
  ahh but she did n't say which march .
