  by popular vote . 
  hold a referendum to decide if we want 800.000 new citizens . 
  refugees stay in the first country which provides them with the basics : shelter , food , water , sanitation , healthcare . 
  economic migrants look for a place which pays out cash . 
   how many of them know the process for applying for family reunification , let alone where to do it ? 
  most of them have smartphones and use the internet . 
  i 'm sure most of them know , but simply do n't want to bother themselves with documentation . 
   they have more incentives to integrate what if we do n't need 800.000 refugees to integrate ? 
  what if we already have more than enough people ? 
  what if we want to send them back afterwards ? 
   almost no one will voluntarily return to syria if assad stays in power after war is over . 
  not our problem . 
   how about the reason that they might have families in sweden , ever thought of that ? 
  then they should apply for family reunification at the embassy , not violate the laws of the country kind enough to host them . 
  no , countries like germany issue a temporary residence to the syrians , which would expire once it 's deemed that syria is ` safe ' . 
  of course it might be hard to deport them after the war is over but legally they would never have the opportunity to become citizne . 
   so they would be free to move anywhere within europe after a few years . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  sane countries give syrians a temporary residence permit , which expires the second the war is over . 
  insane countries ( such as sweden ) provide them with * permanent * residency , which can be converted into a citizenship after a few years . 
  these people have passed through 10 + perfectly safe countries on the way to sweden . 
  they have zero reason to be considered anything except ` economic migrants ' . 
  refugees stay in the first safe country of passage and wait until it 's time to go home . 
  no , you 're conveniently ignoring the differences between internal eu migration and external eu migration . 
   born in soviet regime same as east germany , so nothing new  only very recent experience with democracy same as spain or greece . 
   language as alien as sanskrit or persian at least they use the same alphabet . 
   lower birthrates great , no replacement of locals to be expected . 
   send money back home out of economy the economies of eastern eu and western eu are tied together through the eu . 
  can you say the same about the middle east ? 
   have known crime syndicates violent crime levels have been very low . 
  and it definitely was n't ever dangerous to walk in polish neighborhoods in the uk , for example . 
  those people should be deported on sight . 
  you want to go to sweden ? 
  how about we plane you back to the middle east instead ? 
   poor , uneducated and a drain on the economy . 
  born in europe , same religion or atheist , similar cultural values , similar language , similar birthrate , similar crime levels , eager to work , tied in an economical/political/military union . 
  yep , exactly the same as the middle eastern refugees . 
   what value does the eu have if it ca n't even work together if there are manageable crisis like in the last few years ? 
  the member countries did n't sign up for helping millions of * non-eu * citizens when they 've entered the union . 
  if the eu fails to recognize it has no authority in demanding the resettlement of non-eu citizens , it is indeed a failure . 
  good luck with upholding the echr rules when millions are pouring through the borders every year . 
  time to change the echr then . 
  australia does n't care about the law and now enjoys zero economic migrants in it 's borders . 
  should 've filmed the incident , rescued the babies and given them asylum . 
  and turned back the rest of the ship . 
  note : he welcomes them inside a home he does n't use rather than his own personal house . 
  i bet he would n't be so happy to actually live with a randomly selected set of refugees . 
  it seems that we fully agree . 
  europeans do n't like hearing calls for prayers . 
   poor people usually increase crime . 
  correct . 
  i 'm not saying they turn to crime because they 're muslim or `` non-european '' . 
  and they 'll stay poor because it 's hard to integrate them into the workforce . 
   and a very convenient way to just dump all the immigrants there . 
  it 's hard for the government to resettle everyone equally . 
  therefore the problem would persist . 
   quite a lot of neonazis in poland , i must say . 
  causing almost zero troubles abroad . 
   the thing with refugees is that their countries stop to function due to a lot of shooting . 
  it does n't mean we should help them on european soil . 
  i 'm 100 % for helping them in turkey , syria , jordan , etc. 
   so is it about religion or poor people ? 
  about poor people who are religious . 
   do you have a problem with that ? 
  yes , as that person probably chooses to follow their religion strictly . 
  i 've never heard of issues with integrating polish , czech , slovak , ukrainian , russian , romanian , belorussian , bulgarian citizens in western or central europe . 
  sure , some refuse to learn the local language , but they mostly live in the same way as the locals and do n't cause any troubles . 
  but i keep hearing of problems with muslim migrants on every corner : demands for mosques to be built , significant increases in crime , creation of muslim-majority ghettoes , importation of extremist idelogies , conflicts with those who choose to leave islam . 
  let them live in their own countries in any way they prefer . 
  it 's their country , their choice , their citizens . 
  let us take highly educated and skilled muslims - i fully support we get engineers from the middle east , doctors from egypt or software developers from pakistan . 
  but do not let an unskilled and uneducated stream of believers in conflicting ideologies set foot in europe bypassing all laws and regulations . 
  does this make me a racist ? 
  i do n't care . 
  look at the state of human rights in most muslim-majority countries and then tell me the disagreements are small with a straight face . 
  it 's mostly about culture rather than religion . 
  european atheists and christians rarely disagree , outside of issues such as abortion and gay marriage . 
  it 's a minority language in ukraine , so many of them speak it natively . 
  otherwise you 're right , it 's not the same language family . 
  but i assume it 's still easier for a ukrainian to learn romanian rather than a nigerian or syrian . 
  no shit . 
  i bet most ukrainians fleeing the war would be happy moving to bulgaria or romania , fully observing eu laws on first port of entry . 
  atheist or christian , born in europe , same cultural values , similar lifestyle , similar birth rates , speaking a language in the same language family , hundreds of thousands already fully integrated all across europe . 
  i have zero problems with them coming to europe . 
  as soon as people realize migration is tolerated and well-accepted , the numbers will keep increasing . 
  by your logic we should never fight global warming since the temperatures have barely increased by a fraction of a degree as of today . 
  the people talking about how european bring in so much food/clothing/etc do n't realize this model only works when you have thousands , maybe tens of thousands of refugees . 
  when you have millions pouring in through every crack in the border you 'll barely be able to donate a few cents to each . 
  you think you 're joking but with the third-world population booming several billion people , i would n't be surprised if 250 million attempt to arrive to europe . 
   but when 2,500 refugees arrived in munich good luck handling 2.5 ** million ** refugees ... 
  the deportation rate needs to be close to 100 % for a meaningful reduction of illegal migrants . 
  otherwise the number just keeps increasing . 
  look up the deportation statistics . 
  less than 10 % of paperless refugees get deported each year . 
  that is for each refugee who is deported in a single year there are nine who apply for asylum without papers . 
  until we see dozens of planes deporting economic immigrants each day , i wo n't be convinced the system is actually working . 
   the people in the video will get sent back to ghana unless they threw out their documents before getting processed in the eu , making this impossible under the current laws . 
  they do if they have a valid visa . 
  in theory no . 
  in practice they give out normal visas to members of the opposition and then accept them as refugees when the local dictator clamps down .
