  you 're comparing the prices * now * with prices back in 1999 , which was over 15 years ago !, 
  for correct comparison we must : 1 ) find the price of carris in euros on jan 1 1999 * and * 2 ) calculate what percentage of the average person 's income was a single ticket back in 1998 compared to 2015 . 
  in other terms how many tickets could the average person afford on dec 31 1998 , jan 1 1999 and jan 1 2015 . 
  * then * you get a fair comparison . 
   transportation - monthly pass ( subway + bus ) - 6.820 escudos ( 12,4 $ ) monthly pass nowadays - 35 $ . 
  almost 3 times the price that was . 
  nowadays 1.599 / l $ ( 1.8 times higher ) . 
  1.279 / l ( 1.9 times higher ) see my comment above . 
  what percentage of the people 's income do coffee and cigarettes consume ? 
  just because smoking went up by 100 % does n't mean people are now twice as poor . 
  people love taking these examples of highly visible prices , but forget that the basic commodities : supermarket food , rent , utilities , transportation , etc. 
  all remained within the margins of inflation . 
   also you keep working about companies signing ` secret agreements , ' as i was a kook no , you 're not , these things happen all the time : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high-tech_employee_antitrust_litigation  50 % of our doctors left forcing the hospitals to raise wages to retain the doctors who stayed behind . 
   it 's simply a generalized culture of mistreating and underpaying your employees which makes for a perfect opportunity for foreign companies to come and offer better wages , forcing those who mistreat their employees to raise wages or shut down . 
  which is exactly what your prime minister is trying to do in saudi arabia . 
  if all companies in romania sign a secret agreement to keep wages low , then the best employees would simply leave for western europe , forcing them to raise wages again . 
  even low-wage employees would be tempted to move if salaries are too low . 
  the free market in romania works fine , except for the minds of the commoner who believes he should be paid 5000 euros for clocking in to work . 
   what happens when all companies pay the same wages ? 
  then company a could get better employees by raising the salaries by 1 % . 
  company b would lose employees and be forced to increase the salaries by 2 % . 
  this will go on until it 's no longer profitable to increase salaries , therefore reaching the limits of the current productivity levels . 
  unless all companies in romania are in collusion to suppress wages , the current salary level is as high as it should be . 
  if you can not find a higher paying job than the amount of money you can bring to your employer does n't justify a higher pay grade . 
  besides , all romanian citizens are free to work anywhere in the eea , which creates additional pressures on romanian employees to raise wages . 
   for people living in places like spain and italy they say the cost of simple items they use/consume daily shot up by between 2-5 times no , it did n't . 
  rigorous scientific analysis shows this is just a popular myth : http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/a/24102/23144, 
  in a free market economy there is no such thing as a ` low salary ' , since people can always refuse working for a certain wage and find a higher paying job . 
  if higher paying jobs do n't exist , then the ` low ' salary is actually average . 
  investors from saudi arabia would either offer salaries that compete with what the local market offers or they would n't be able to hire a single person . 
  therefore having saudi investors can only provide positive input into the economy . 
  it 's a simple question of supply and demand , not of being a ` cheap ' or ` expensive ' country . 
  1 ) google translate works with chinese 2 ) baidu supports english-language queries and english-language results, 
  hiring a private investigator takes money and time . 
  surfing to baidu.com literally takes 5 seconds . 
  and very soon anyone who wants to find some dirt will realize they must go to baidu first . 
  right now - nobody . 
  once the ` right to be forgotten ' is fully implemented - everyone who cares enough about your persona to google your name . 
  i find it extremely ironic that china might have a greater degree of freedom of the speech than europe . 
  aaaaand baidu would now become the go-to place to search for that kind of information , solving absolutely nothing . 
  you can not remove information from the internet , no matter how hard you try . 
  though the eu ` cookie law ' should probably take the number 1 spot for being the most idiotic regulation of the internet ever created . 
  it 's a reasonable way to deal with problems which are n't your concern . 
  in any country that agrees to take refugees for a fee . 
  there are 54 countries in africa , i 'm sure someone will say yes . 
  you build a camp in a country in africa which is willing to accept paperless refugees for a fee , similar to what australia is trying to set-up in cambodia . 
  it 'll cost a lot of money , but wo n't bring crime , poverty and hostile culture into the european land . 
   you will always have a constant flow of illegal immigrants . 
  you catch them and send them all back to africa . 
  it 's not our problem . 
  step 1 ) declare that 100 % of those caught in the eu without a visa will be sent to a refugee camp in africa step 2 ) follow your words and deport 100 % of those caught step 3 ) people stop coming, 
  want to hike between german and austrian mountains ? 
  tough luck , use the official checkpoint first . 
  want to grab some beer at the nearest foreign town ? 
  tough luck , have to make a circle to the checkpoint first . 
  want to truck fish from italy to poland as fast as possible ? 
  tough luck , have to pass through 3 borders , all of which have lines . 
  being in a free travel zone speeds up things * massively * , reduces a huge number of government employees and improves the economy . 
  the real solution to the current refugee crisis is to start sending everyone back , rather than hoping for a magical border fairy to protect you . 
  people should stop being politically correct and start solving the real issues . 
  academically speaking it is a waste of time . 
  politically speaking it is a wonderful program . 
  you 're obviously racist because you do n't respect multiculturalism and freedom of religion . 
  most europeans have a positive opinion about greeks ( not the greek government ) and would gladly welcome them into their countries . 
  i 've never heard anything negative about greeks or greek culture , except for maybe tax evasion . 
   i do n't know about the food , but i would be pilling up euros if i were greek , that 's for sure . 
  usd sounds like a much safer option right now . 
  dude , just move the fuck out while it 's still easy and requires no paperwork . 
  your children will thank you for moving out , trust me . 
  they should lower their standard of living then , perhaps coming close to bulgaria and romania . 
  if i ca n't afford the bill for a fancy apartment i have to move out to a cheaper place . 
  greece should do the same . 
  i very much hope greece would n't be forced out of the eu - at least for now those who want a higher quality of life can just emigrate to western europe without visas . 
  are you also ready to let refugees live in * your own * house ? 
  it 's different because : 1 ) they do n't pay taxes 2 ) the government spends a lot of money to support them 3 ) they are overrepresented in crime statistics 4 ) they worsen the investment climate of the area where they live ( check out the calais border crossing videos as an example ) so , yeah , i would definitely expect the government to push them to integrate and hold them to a different standard . 
  it 's not about passing tests , it 's about * attending * the language courses . 
  if you ca n't show an ounce of respect and follow the local laws , you 're just a lazy bastard . 
  nobody cares about the expats ' language skills because : 1 ) they pay a lot of taxes 2 ) they do n't commit crime , do n't cause trouble and follow the local rules 3 ) they improve the investment climate and bring the good parts of their culture into the local economy, 
  so , ~ 14 % of all uk births are non-europeans . 
   a quarter of births were to mothers born outside the uk how many of those mothers were born outside the eu ? 
  my point is that if gaelic did n't exist and people did n't feel like gaelic is the ` local ' language ( even if it 's extinct ) , there would be a lot less disagreements between the regions . 
  scottish language is * officially * accepted as scotland 's second language , its used in signs and has been tied to the region for many centuries . 
  perhaps it 's the closest example of two single-language countries on the brink of separation . 
  venetian does n't have much official recognition and thats probably why the local independence movement is extremely small . 
  i 'm not saying moving everyone to english would solve * all * problems . 
  but it would greatly increase mutual understanding , mobility between countries , help business , increase the number of cross-border marriages , etc. 
  30 % of scotland residents speak scottish/gaelic as their second language . 
  most residents of veneto also speak [ venetian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venetian_language ) . 
  are there any examples of regional independence movements within a single-language community ? 
  my point is that single-language communities are happy staying united . 
  multi-language communities tend to split up or demand regional powers . 
  do you a have a serious counter-example of regional patriotism within a single-language region ? 
  you 're right , alabama barely managed to remain a part of the us after the 1995 referendum . 
  oh , wait , that 's [ quebec ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quebec_referendum,_1995 ) - the only french-speaking region of canada . 
   regional patriotism is sometimes even stronger in the same linguistic sphere then explain why [ quebec ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quebec_referendum,_1995 ) is the only canadian state to have held a referendum on independence ? 
  india has been forcefully united by the british empire - and we all remember what happened the last time someone tried to unify europe with force . 
  and do n't forget india eventually split up from bangladesh and pakistan because of cultural differences . 
   there 's also a common english language in the british isles . . how has that worked out ? 
  each region in the british isles has it 's own language : irish , manx , scottish , english . 
  without different languages there would be a lot less conflict .
