   why not support bilingualism even more ? 
  because any lingual differences will cause people to associate themselves with a certain region rather than the whole eu . 
  compare how easy it is to move from hawaii to new york , as compared to moving 50km west from france to germany . 
  first we would need to get rid of the local languages , which is the biggest barrier towards a single country . 
  alabama and new york would never consider splitting up because they have a single unified culture . 
  europe on the other hand is a clusterfuck of conflicting languages , ideologies and cultures . 
  personally i 'm all for a single european language , but there 's no way people are going to agree . 
  dude ... move to western europe . 
  get a residency there while it 's still very easy . 
  i wish you all the best . 
  it 's not ' a few ' thousand , it 's * hundreds * of thousand . 
  and a significant percentage of them will turn to crime to make money , since other opportunities are scarce . 
  i 'd rather save lives directly in africa . 
   but turning the boats back will only lead to the circumstances aggravating . 
  the safety of the european people outbalances any possible aggravations . 
  we * are * obliged to help those in need , but we are not obliged to let them settle on our land . 
  if there was an eu-wide referendum , i 'm pretty sure the majority will vote for sending everyone back to libya . 
  are you suggesting europe should allow anyone from eritrea , turkmenistan , north korea , zimbabwe and dozens of other dictatorship to take residency in europe ? 
  why should we allow those who break the law to settle in , but not those who want to follow the law ? 
  the ` boat people ' should be sent back to libya , anyone suggesting otherwise is living in a fantasy world . 
  are you suggesting that we take in the entire population of africa ? 
  because that 's what you end up with when you expand the definition of a refugee . 
  we should help them with money and human resources , not with visas and residency permits . 
  if everyone who 's not holding syrian or iraqi documents are sent back , it would still be a huge relief . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:five_main_citizenships_of_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_applicants , _ 2014 _ ( number , _ rounded_figures ) _ yb15_iii . png most of the boat migrants in italy are from nigeria and other sub-saharan countries . 
   it 's against international agreements . 
  nothing stops italy from negotiating an updated agreement . 
  the un convention on refugees is long outdated . 
  in the worst case scenario they can just leave the convention without major consequences . 
  if shit * really * hits the fan the major parties will start shifting to follow the popular opinion or new extremist parties will begin to appear . 
  if a million more economic immigrants come before 2018 , it will be extremely tough to ignore them . 
  the next italian partliament elections are in 2018 . 
  i hope that by that time the italians realize what a shitty outcome the current policies bring and vote in whoever promises to send * everyone * back to libya . 
  the next eu parliament elections are also in that year , so hopefully we 'll vote out everyone who supports rose-tinted treatment of economic migrants ( please do n't call them refugees ) . 
  come by boat ? 
  send back to libya . 
  origin unknown ? 
  send to a refugee camp in cambodia . 
  leave the echr if necessary . 
  follow australia 's lead or just return everyone back to libya . 
  the eu has nothing to do with this . 
  you think refugees wo n't come into hungaria once the eu is shut down ? 
  no , that 's the nazi way . 
  we should learn the australian way - deport to cambodia . 
  yes , as long as the laws are the same as in australia . 
  instead of wasting money on walls we should be changing the refugee law : much cheaper and much more effective . 
  call what ? 
   well moving to another country is kind of a lot harder than changing your opinion on the eu i wish the people who are breaching our meditteranean borders had the same thought pattern ... 
  switzerland is heavily anti-migration , even towards migration from within the eu . 
  you would have to change both parts of your flair to match your outlook . 
  no , we would pay them to accept immigrants . 
  french guiana is already a territory of the eu and cambodia is willing to accept refugee camps for a reasonable sum . 
  http://www.rsf.uni-greifswald.de/fileadmin/mediapool/lehrstuehle/duenkel/germany_youngmig.pdf low-skilled immigrants are a significant cause of crime and a large part of the prison population . 
  nobody in australia wants to ban a nigerian physicist , a chinese doctor , or a cambodian engineer . 
  those people will not commit any crimes and will contribute far more than the average australian joe . 
  but most of australia wants to prevent low-skilled people from coming , and they should have the right to do so . 
  the eu will shift to the same model if current trends continue . 
  i 'm looking forward to the next europarliament elections . 
  statistics around the world show that illegal immigrants are overrepresented in crime by at least twice as the local population . 
  of you break one law , its easier to disobey the rest . 
  i would prefer to pay more for menial work , yet live in a safer country . 
  so if there were no economic immigrants , nobody would agree to clean the toilet ? 
  what about the cost of immigrants increasing the crime level , which leads to more expenses on police , security and prisons ? 
   do n't like to share of an ever increasing cake why should they ? 
   in part increasing because of immigration . 
  i 'm sure it will be fine with just * legal * migration . 
  tens of thousands of people come to australia legally and contribute a significant part to the australian economy . 
  * illegal * immigrants ? 
  not so much , since those people are usually uneducated and unskilled . 
  because it 's not our responsibility . 
  i agree that the eu should provide these people with the basic human needs and help them recover their country when the war is over . 
  what i do n't agree with is that the eu should allow these people to settle in mainland europe . 
  i 'm happy to pay a ` syria tax ' to help finance a refugee camp outside of europe . 
  i 'm not happy to spend a single cent helping people who come here illegaly . 
  australia puts economic immigrants ( of which 1 % are actual refugees , as evidenced by asylum application statistics ) on remote islands because of the problems with crime and illegal employment that immigrants cause . 
  why should the rights of the local populace to live in peace be threatened by people seeking to make money in the australian economy ? 
   anyone who advocates australia 's non-solution is just a horrible human being . 
  only if you accept that australia has * any * responsibility beyond providing the very basics ( food , water , shelter , sanitation ) to those who come there illegally . 
  last i 've checked the basics were covered for the economic immigrants there , so what 's the problem ? 
  all glory to open borders without limits . 
  the unhcr does n't really have the means to enforce anything . 
  if the eu votes against the current policies , there 's absolutely nothing they can do . 
   that is not really realistically possible . 
  the mediterranean sea is simply too big . 
  you 're right . 
  what we really need is to copy australia 's policy on immigration . 
  anyone who gets caught is just sent away to cambodia/french guiana . 
  problem solved . 
  people are starting to realize that being against illegal migration is n't the same as being racist and are slowly shifting their ideologies , allowing for more liberal discussion . 
  hopefully the same thing will happen in parliaments across the eu . 
  back when denmark was just starting out with lgbt rights the big democractic thing was something else . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges , or in this case past democratic struggles with the modern state of things . 
  it became a model for the other countries in the region . 
  having a fully westernised culture is a core part of being ` european ' . 
  personally i would n't mind if australia , usa and canada join the eu . 
   depends if you 're counting scandinavia as mainland europe . 
  if you are then no , iceland is closer . 
  and mauritania is at the same distance . 
  israel to mainland greece is roughly the same distance as iceland to mainland scandinavia . 
  my point is that the definition exists only inside our heads and has zero factual basis .
