  problem solved . 
  i 'm sure google wo n't mind people helping clear out outdated links . 
  google should n't take down anything from it 's search results . 
  both dmca ** and ** right-to-be-forgotten are violations of the concept of a search engine . 
  google should be free to publish whatever it wants in the search results . 
  if the government does n't like the content of the links it should take the matter directly to the hosting company , not google . 
   no , why would you ? 
  assuming there are bonuses you would certainly check as you can receive lots of cash for reporting someone who 's staying illegally . 
  but of course it 's easier to threaten people with force rather than offer them cash . 
  you 're right , the northern parts of the country are quite poor . 
  otherwise it 's very well developed . 
  instead of giving out jail time , they should have given out monetary bonuses for reporting illegal immigrants . 
  if the person you 've reported is subsequently deported , you get 5000 pounds in cash , tax-free . 
  watch as tens of thousands of people are reported overnight . 
  give out bonuses for reporting an illegal immigrant who is subsequently deported . 
  landlords will face jail time on one side and a hefty monetary bonus on another . 
  ctrl-f ` prague ' . 
   however i understand that im educated and dont have kids/dependants , and not everyone can do what i did . 
  we should n't be introducing rent control to solve that problem . 
  instead we should be asking why are there empty flats in paris and why does n't paris build huge high-rise apartment building to sustain the increasing population levels , like singapore does . 
  we should also be asking why it 's hard to move to another city and why do other cities have less jobs to offer . 
  maybe we should offer bonuses for relocation or invest more in cities outside of paris . 
  maybe even move the government out to a different city , as it was done in many countries worldwide . 
  rent control is a shitty populist solution that wo n't actually help anyone . 
   i moved to berlin where rent and tenants rights have always been strong and recently introduced rent controls and shockingly the sky hasnt fallen down berlin 's low price levels are a direct result of the post-gdr economy in east germany . 
  tenant rights and rent controls probably have a minor effect on things . 
   ah yes the classic answer of the person who doesnt need to work for a living . 
  like most mums basement internet lib-tards i live in a city where real estate and rent are not overpriced . 
  i could easily move to london for example , but i choose not to because my quality of life will drop significantly as i 'd have to live in zone 5 . 
  this * is * the free market in action : people not being able to move in because it 's too expensive . 
   not exactly a huge amount of tech work in hickton-on-nowhere . 
  come to prague then . 
  plenty of english-speaking tech work for eu citizens . 
  rent is super affordable as well . 
  poland has lots of jobs as well nowadays . 
  why not move there ? 
   but in reality , qatari and wealthy chinese people buy property and do n't rent it introducing a rental cap wo n't affect qatari investors if the apartment is empty anyway . 
  if the government wants to increase the number of flats occupied in the city they should increase the land tax , with a progressive rate calculated based on the property 's value per square meter . 
  multi-million apartments will suddenly become quite expensive to own , while cheaper mid-class apartments wo n't be affected . 
  additionally , all restrictions on building new properties should be removed outside of central paris . 
  it should become easy and cheap to build high-rise real estate . 
  all restrictions on height , requirements to consult the local councils , etc , should be removed . 
  paris needs to build more and build higher to accommodate the increasing population . 
  free market functions perfectly on the rental market : demand and supply are perfectly transparent and it 's easy for consumers to make a choice . 
  on the other hand the construction market and the real estate investment markets are untransparent and far from being economically effective . 
  still , there would always be those who ca n't afford to live in paris and that just means they should move out somewhere else . 
   and cheaper cities have no job no jobs at all outside of paris ? 
  really ? 
  another horrible case of populism taking over politics . 
  rentals are one example of a perfectly functioning free market . 
  if people are unable to pay their rent they should move out to cheaper cities . 
  the governments should only intervene in case of monopolies or when it 's hard for consumers to get full information about the product . 
  neither of those applies here . 
  that 's up to the court to decide , not for anonymous internet people or the public opinion . 
  i 'm only explaining why romania signed that agreement in the first place . 
  but the main argument is that if your signature is on the paper - you have to follow through . 
  a ) rosia montana has n't received a cent in compensation money just yet , the case will be pending in court for many months b ) the parliament of romania * did * sign the original isds agreement with canada c ) whatever is in the constitution of romania is no longer relevant since the parliament has agreed to take investor disputes into a foreign court which has the final say in those matters . 
   and what if that govnerment is obviously corrupt or hell lets just say it 's a dictator ? 
  i was n't aware that romania is a dictatorship . 
  the citizens of romania are free to elect new politicians which will denounce the original isds contracts signed with other countries . 
  until then romania is bound by those contracts . 
  i 'm not here to argue the merits of isds . 
  i 'm here to argue that * if * romania signed a contract with canada an/or rosia montana and * if * romania failed to fulfill their obligations , it is perfectly fair that the corporation will receive a compensation for their losses . 
  if romania wants to remove itself from isds , it can easily exit the originally signed agreements and resume non-isds relations with foreign investors . 
  until then they have to follow the rules . 
  it does n't quote any actual statistics or research . 
   a contract to engage in activity that 's unlawful at the time of signing is n't enforceable then the arbitration court will award them no compensation and romania would n't lose a cent . 
  problem solved . 
  source ? 
  you are free to invest in zimbabwe which does n't give a shit about international treaties . 
  likewise the governments of ttip signatories are free to avoid making any promises to international investors which they are not able to fulfill . 
  foreign investors should n't care about the political situation , that 's the whole point of international investment agreements . 
  it makes romania a lot more attractive for foreign business , but they have to pay if things go wrong . 
  if bribes on rosia montana 's part are proven in court they could be counter-sued for compensation and/or criminal proceedings . 
  until then they have the right to claim a fair compensation under the agreement signed off between romania and canada/uk . 
   and precisely how does 500 million turn into 4 + billion ? 
  unfortunately i do n't have the link to a full agreement between romania and rosia montana , but i assume it 's due to a clause in that agreement . 
  you ca n't ignore what a contract says just because the public says so . 
  romania signed off an international agreement making certain guarantees to investors ( both local and international ) . 
  they should either abide by the agreement or leave it . 
  the company in question is not evil , it 's simply following the laws signed off by the romanian government . 
  if the government signed off a paper saying `` we will change the laws for you '' , it should pay off . 
  whether or not the popular opinion is in favour of such agreements should n't be relevant to the investor . 
  if the government did n't sign anything , romania would n't pay a cent . 
  that 's how the free market is supposed to work . 
  i 'm siding with the free market on this one . 
  if a government signs off a promise to sell you a parcel of land and allow you to develop a project , it should either follow the promise or pay you heavy damages . 
  if i invest 500 million dollars in a project which goes bust after a change in public opinion , i should be able to claim compensation for my efforts . 
  otherwise investing in romania becomes a lot less attractive . 
  attracting even more attention and making sure people are going to spread this information as wide as possible . 
   we do n't have major european capitals 2 train hours away , so you can only realistically visit your family 3-4 times a year same deal for the baltic countries . 
   we do n't have a ` brother nation ' we can easily hop to , apart from cyprus ( which also has economic problems ) same deal for the baltic countries . 
   we do n't have english as our mother tongue and strong communities abroad , like the irish same deal for the baltic countries . 
  greece simply has to accept the fact it 's a poor country which needs a lot of work to get to western european levels . 
  as a greek citizen you are able to work without a visa in 32 countries of the eu and eea/switzerland . 
  why not just leave the country and help your family from abroad ? 
   prices of 1 ticket were 90 escudos , which is 45 cents nowadays . 
  as of now they are 1.70 $ , which are 340 escudos . 
  that is almost 4 times the price in escudos . 
  hold your horses .
