  when a person from country a chooses to apply for residency in the eu , both the eu and the person in question are free to cancel the deal at any time . 
  eastern europe has tougher immigration policies than western europe , when it comes to highly educated professionals . 
  anyone with a half a brain and a calculator could have predicted this years ago . 
  hopefully not only will the current stream of economic migrants stop , but the right-wing parties will also be able to revoke all previously issued residencies and send everyone they can back home . 
  then perhaps the eu could start thinking of how to bring hard-working and highly educated * legal * migrants from abroad , rather than keeping them away with strong visa regulations while law breakers get free money and accommodation . 
   not that i expect am eastern european to think beyond next christmas ... how 's that refugee integration coming along ? 
  i live in czech republic and have n't heard of anyone mentioning using a dating website until tinder came along . 
  in america it 's a lot more common . 
   they offer zero perspective for kids raised there free birth control should be provided as well to help reduce that problem . 
  otherwise it 's not europe 's responsibility and we should n't risk the lives of native europeans and legal immigrants for the sake of political correctness . 
  it 's not our problem to solve . 
  thus the only real solution is to house people away from european soil . 
  provide them with the basics : shelter , food , water , plumbing , entertainment . 
  issue a free plane ticket to the person 's native country at any point in time . 
  life at the camp wo n't be ` fun ' or ` have good prospectives ' , but that 's as good as we can do without either allowing these people to die or sacrificing the safety of the european population . 
  yeah , but governments should only be responsible for the welfare of their own citizens . 
  you can build any wall you want as long as your citizens ' rights are not restricted . 
  the berlin wall was built by the * german * government in order to restrict the movement of * german * citizens . 
  do n't compare this in any way with building a wall to keep * non-german * citizens out . 
  yeah , but i imagine the same house in norway 's capital is n't going to be cheaper . 
  they will , once they realize their children can no longer walk to school alone because their neigborhood is now a refugee ghettoe . 
  let the middle east handle their own problems . 
  with the possible exception of israel as the only europe-oriented country . 
   european countries should also work for finding a solution to crises in the middle eas or ... maybe the eu could focus on protecting it 's own borders and economic interests , rather than trying to save the world . 
  all of america 's attempts to make peace in the middle east have utterly failed . 
  why should we succeed ? 
  step # 1 should be building fences , watchtowers , barberwire , whatever it takes to secure europe 's borders . 
  step # 2 should be deporting everyone who got here illegally to the first safe country of passage ( turkey or jordan ) . 
  if neither turkey or jordan agree , build a camp outside the eu to host them . 
  step # 3 should be cancelling the residency documents of anyone who got to europe illegally in the past decades and sending them back as well . 
  this will let the world see the eu will not tolerate a single person crossing our borders illegally , unless the eu happens to be the first safe country of passage . 
  enforce international treaties , both to the letter and the spirit of the law . 
  the eu countries need to upkeep their standards of social security and prevent the spread of street crime . 
  settling refugees inside europe is going to seriously damage both . 
  need proof ? 
  just go into any of the current immigrant ghettoes in western europe . 
  25 million euros is pocket change to google . 
  there 's no way you can build a global search engine competitor unless you invest 1000x as much . 
   i want to see australia to tell cambodia/nauru/png to take in one fucking million people . 
  countries as big as nigeria could easily take a million people , for the right amount of money . 
  it 's not about housing a million people , it 's about showing the whole world that no refugees will ever be allowed to settle down in europe . 
  once it 's clear that the governments are dead serious on their decision , people would stop coming . 
  the bigger question is why they choose to get pregnant in the first place . 
  having a baby in the middle of a huge refugee crisis is extremely selfish and irresponsible towards the child . 
  and yet there tens of thousands of babies in syrian refugee camps , all born after 2011 . 
  sorry , the right word would be ` slum ' . 
  i 'm not aware of any czech-majority slums . 
  croatia is supposed to learn from hungary and start enforcing it 's border . 
  well , maybe if they would n't have allowed random people to migrate to france , they would n't have this issue in the first place . 
  there are dozens of immigrant ghettoes all over czech republic as well , even though the immigrants had 600 years to assimmilate . 
  there are zero native czech ghettoes that i 'm aware of . 
  it 's not a vassal state but it might agree to receive the refugees back for a big enough payment . 
   patrol to intercept refugees before they cross the mediterranean into europe and send them back from whatever shore they came from . 
  is n't the deal with turkey the first step towards that ? 
  the second step could be deporting every single syrian refugee back to the first safe country of passage ( turkey or jordan ) . 
  they will still come , still take up jobs illegally , etc. 
  however at no point in time should they be allowed to regularize their status . 
  no amnesties , no exceptions , no `` easy paths '' . 
  that way your country 's demographics are not affected and you can always deport the economic migrants at any time . 
  25 years ago bulgaria used barber wire and watch towers to keep people * inside * the country . 
  maybe they should try the same policy again to keep people * out * of the country ? 
   but as long as the conditions as an illegal immigrant are better than the conditions in their home country , they will opt to move in and stay , hiding as long as they can i 'm not saying it 's possible to keep out illegal refugees . 
  no country in the world is able to fully achieve that . 
  however it should also be clear to everyone that there 's zero chance for anyone coming somewhere illegally of ever receiving citizenship or legal residence . 
  while trump is a crazy lunatic who would be a horrible president , he 's also the only who 's stands on illegal migration i fully support . 
  the number of jobs is not limited but the pay of low-skilled employees is certainly hurt by external migration . 
  if america stopped accepting low-skilled migrants after wwii , the current wages of those who do the hardest jobs would be a lot higher , as you could n't hire an illegal migrant . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the effects of migration on the country 's homogeneity and culture . 
  changing your country 's demographics is a decision which is extremely hard to reverse in the future , so i 'd say it 's an extremely crucial issue . 
  trump is currently the only presidential candidate with a sane policy towards illegal migrants . 
  every other candidate tries to promote giving out citizenship to the tens of millions of mexicans living in the us illegally , since its the `` moral thing to do '' . 
  even reddit 's favorite bernie `` anti-1 % '' sanders fails to recognize the effect of illegal migration on america 's poorest citizens . 
  * lies , damned lies , and statistics * these stats are taking the yearly number of divorces and divide them by the yearly number of marriages , assuming that this equals to the divorce rate . 
  in reality this method is extremely flawed as : a ) birth rates in europe have gone down , which means less people in their 20s and 30s than before b ) there 's less incentives to marry , which means a lot of couples avoid the paperwork the only way to calculate the actual divorce rate is to track the outcome of every single marriage , which would require full access to government databases . 
  as far as i know , not a single researcher has been able to access these databases and publish a credible piece of statistics for any country . 
  it 's legal since you can use them as ` heating devices ' . 
  the eu needs new laws of they want a full ban . 
  you can still buy them in france . 
  an example from amazon.fr : http://www.amazon.fr/ampoule-watts-incandescence-100w-clair/dp/b00607hsha/ref=sr_1_3?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1444561527&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=100w+incandescence, 
  you can still buy incandescent light bulbs in many eu countries , so i think the eu legislation has failed . 
  here are some stores selling 150w light bulbs in czech republic : http://zarovky.heureka.cz/tes-lamp-zarovka-e27-150w-cira-standard/, 
   here is an article about what happened to bosnian refugees the bosnian war ended after 7 years . 
  the syrian war could easily last for another decade . 
  just have a look at somalia . 
  remember how the germans scolded eastern europe for being ` unhumanitarian ' and ` selfish ' ? 
  how the western european media claimed orban is a modern day hitler for trying to protect his country ? 
  let 's see who 's laughing when the germans realize the mess they 've gotten themselves into . 
  russia bombs the syrian opposition while the west focuses on isis . 
  assad wins the war without technically receiving any help from the west and germany sends back the refugees . 
  sounds like a perfect plan . 
   the only thing clear so far is that there are no way for eu to stop this or slow it down the hungarian border is just the beginning . 
  i would n't be surprised to see mine fields on the schengen border in a few years time . 
  good luck crossing that . 
  there 's a big difference between [ this ] ( http://media.paperblog.fr/i/185/1852095/pantalons-taille-basse-l-4.jpeg ) and [ this ] ( http://slimages.macys.com/is/image/mcy/products/8/optimized/946178_fpx.tif?op_sharpen=1 ) , even though they 're technically wearing the same type of clothes . 
  that 's what the subreddit is about . 
  every time the refugee question comes up it seems that nobody has the precise statistics for previous years . 
  where could we find the data for : 1 ) total number of refugees arriving in the eu in 2014 , 2013 , 2012 , etc. 
  2 ) total number of accepted/rejected applications 3 ) total number of successful deportations all i can find is sensationalistic articles ( on both side of the argument ) and no hard data . 
  when i 've read that the [ eu is signing a deal ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/16/angela-merkel-eu-backs-aid-deal-turkey-tighten-borders ) with turkey , i was suprised it did n't include a provision to ship everyone registered in the eu back to turkey . 
  is this option on the table ?
