  it 's our european values and laws that they 're judging . 
  and i believe they have the full right to do so ... as long as they stay abroad . 
  protest and riot all you want when you live in your own country . 
   fuck your double standard , smartass . 
  you know i 'm right , you know the threat is real , so the only way to reconcile your feelings is to turn your agression towards those who speak the truth . 
  then why on earth do n't we deport the `` worst of the worst '' back to their homelands ? 
  and why do we keep letting the `` worst of the worst '' come here ilegally on boats ? 
   different religions are n't a ) the only difference and b ) not necessarily a reason for conflicts . 
  why is it that russian , ukrainian and belorussian immigrants integrate well and do n't cause any troubles ? 
  why do americans , canadians and mexicans living in europe cause zero troubles with their belief systems ? 
  why is it that russian , ukrainian and belorussian children integrate well and do n't cause any troubles ? 
  why do second-generation americans , canadians and mexicans cause zero troubles with their belief systems ? 
  those people are destroying europe and we 're too feeble to stop it because we 're afraid of being `` racist '' . 
  migrants should have no right to judge the native people 's religion . 
  anyone having a single complaint about the beliefs of others should be put on the next plane to whatever country on earth fits their belief systems . 
  they should n't be allowed to stay once the war ends as their refugee status becomes expired . 
  however they should be able to apply for a permanent residence like every other person in the world . 
  those who meet germany 's requirements should be allowed to stay . 
  but of course this does n't happen and people stay far beyond the end of the balkan wars . 
  it blows my mind that an area smaller than the city of prague is an independent member of the eu , 
  because it 's easier to protect a single person rather than having the balls to deport anyone who does n't like atheism and christianity . 
  renzi is free to do whatever he pleases until the end of his term . 
  voters are free to remove him and his party from power when the next election comes . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  turkey is : 1 ) a muslim-majority country . 
  it wo n't be affected by conflicting cultural values 2 ) is closer to syria , which means it 's easier to relocate the refugees back home when the war ends 3 ) does n't have a welfare system open for misuse and is n't attractive for economic migrants i 'd say we should pay turkey as much money as they want to house the refugees , as long as we can remove them from europe . 
  after the war ends each and every one will have to apply for a normal visa if they want to stay . 
  those who get rejected should be deported within 72 hours with no option to stay , regardless of the circumstances . 
  i have n't seen that happen in the case of yugoslav refugees and highly doubt it will happen with syrians . 
  apply for a normal employment visa like every single person in the world can . 
  if you receive it , you stay . 
  if you 're rejected , you go home . 
  that 's how it should work . 
  what percentage of syrian refugees are doctors and engineers ? 
  let them apply for an employment visa like everyone else and let them stay if they receive it . 
  meh , i do n't believe the rest of europe has the balls to do it either . 
  in 10 years when the war finally ends the government will find a million excuses to avoid sending the people back to their country . 
  that 's why i 'm against them coming here in the first place . 
  let us help them in turkey or anywhere else outside the eu . 
   if syria is safe again , they lose this status . 
  did every single yugoslavian refugee get deported when the war ended ? 
  i doubt it . 
  eastern and central europe should host nuclear weapons rather than military bases . 
  that 's the only real deterrence to russian agression . 
  instead of jailing people they should announce a 500 pound bounty for reporting a person who is successfully deported afterwards . 
  watch as the number of illegal workers drops to zero overnight . 
  the bigger question is whether every last syrian is deported when the civil war ends . 
   there isnt enough support for parents to have children and a job . 
  yet parents in countries with zero parental support give birth to plenty of babies . 
  most germans could afford having three kids , but they choose to spend their money on more interesting things instead . 
   you severly underestimate the desperation of some people , and seriously overestimate the capability of european nations to stop immigrants , even by force . 
  australia managed to do it . 
  we can do it as well . 
  it will stop if your chances of staying in europe after arriving illegaly drop from 50 + % to 1 % . 
  people are not stupid , they wo n't pay thousands of euros for a 1 % chance of success . 
  that 's right , czechs are not willing to accept a single refugee from outside of europe . 
  it 's their right as a nation to do whatever they can to protect their borders . 
   did you live there and experience it yourself thank god i do n't live there myself . 
   they wo n't have a devastating effect on local life increase in crime rate , decrease in literacy , spreading non-secular values , mosques in european capitals , lack of respect for women and gays , lack of respect for the law , living off welfare . 
  just a few things brought into europe by economic migrants . 
  i 've seen plenty of refugee ghetoes throughout germany . 
  czech republic does n't have much support for economic migrants so they tend to avoid our country . 
  no , because pressure graphs are n't created to support a politicized point . 
  those are the kind of people who have never seen the devastating effect of refugees on local life . 
  it 's not small but setting the base of the chart to zero makes it even bigger . 
  `` lies , damned lies , and statistics '' ( c ) the chart starts out at 55 rather than 0 in order to give the impression of a huge divide between eastern and western europe , confusing the reader . 
  people running from communism 30 years ago were well-educated , civil , christian or atheist , easily integrated themselves into society , and did n't cause any problems . 
  now compare this to the modern economic migrant . 
  i care a lot about the germans and do n't want them overrun with economic migrants either . 
  germany 's problems are czech republic 's problems as well . 
  iran is perfectly safe but people will invent any excuse to come to europe illegally . 
  then put them all on a plane to islamabad , where it 's safe . 
  it 's not our problem . 
  meh , i live in prague and can easily enjoy belgian , british , german , and any other european beer , both in bottles and from the tap . 
  i do n't care about tradition , i only care about the quality , the taste and the price . 
  you can make pretty much any kind of beer in any place in the world , so geographic location is irrelevant these days . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can get a good beer in every single european capital . 
  withdraw from the unhcr or demand that the treaty is renegotiated . 
  those laws can not cope with the influx of economic migrants . 
  the solution is to help assad and bring him back to power . 
  he 's the only person capable of restoring control over the country . 
  hope ikea moves out in that case . 
  i 'm going to miss their furniture . 
   i dont see why you have to make money on immigrants you do n't . 
   sure , they cost , but it save lives asylum applications should be processed outside the eu , given out to the needy first ( e.g. 
  orphaned children rather than healthy adults ) , and only within the limits we 're capable of supporting . 
  i 'll be laughing my ass off when sweden gets a new anti-immigrant government , deports every last one of them , and admits they were idiots living in a dream world when it comes to economic migrants . 
   there were n't billions of passengers a couple of decades ago and airline travel is decidedly cheaper today than back then . 
  it took a lot of time for the airline industry to scale to modern levels , while the pollution levels have been constantly decreasing . 
  it 's impossible to accomodate 12 billion new passengers overnight and by the time the industry goes to that level - we would most likely see planes which are a lot more efficient . 
   if everyone on the planet ended up doing the same , the world 's current ~ 3 billion passengers per year would be ~ 15 billion nope , if everyone would fly all of the sudden , ticket prices would go up accordingly and we wo n't see a significant increase in air travel . 
   just imagine the carbon footprint . 
  planes generate an extremely small percentage of carbon worldwide , not to mention that there is n't a conclusive model showing the effects of carbon on the atmosphere . 
  the idea of `` carbon footprints '' is a scam when it comes to travel . 
  then why it 's on the map ? 
  why is hebrew `` non-geographic '' rather than placed in israel ? 
  barcelona [ is at 26c ] ( http://www.seatemperature.org/europe/spain/barcelona.htm ) right now . 
  i would n't consider anything lower that 21c as pleasant . 
  too cold for recreational swimming , like all northern european beaches . 
  once the website deletes the content , it should be possible to petition google to delete it as well .
