  and only a real irishman can celebrate st. patrick 's day !, 
  zero results found on chinese citizens needing an exit visa from the chinese governmentto exit the country . 
  i know of plenty of chinese expats and never heard of having to pay a fee to leave the country . 
   leaving tourists have to apply for months ahead and pay a massive deposit/visa . 
  source ? 
   the one of the right is ok tho with all the panicking and fearmongering of it 's own no , the right has plenty of facts to support their position . 
  just look up how well african and middle eastern citizens integrate in europe , especially considering the ethnic crime rate . 
   given the demographic pressure facing europe over the next half-century -- the aging of the native population author assumes that an ageing population is a huge problem . 
  or that external migration will resolve it . 
   and the rapid population growth to europe 's southeast and ( especially ) south when people are breaking through your border i call it an invasion . 
  and you know who 's responsible for dealing with invasions ? 
  the military . 
   applying comparable ratios to africa and europe , between now and 2050 nearly 200 million africans would be expected to migrate to europe if we sit around listening to the emotional manipulation of the left , then yes . 
  if we use every resource available to guard the european borders , then no . 
  because i live in the real world , not in the bureaucratic one . 
  stop spreading misinformation read the actual details here : http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/30007/is-saudi-arabia-funding-200-mosques-but-not-accepting-any-refugees, 
   national borders should n't exist to begin with . 
  ready to open the door for the 1 billion poorest out in africa and asia ? 
  so ... are the ghettoes real or are they a figment of my imagination ? 
  visit any of the muslim ethnic ghettoes around europe . 
  then tell me i live in a fantasy world . 
   your welfare is far and above that of these people , by orders of magnitude . 
  it 's not about ` welfare ' . 
  it 's about walking on the streets at night and seeing zero danger . 
  it 's about posting cartoons about religious figures with zero danger of violence . 
  it 's about god having zero importance in the country 's affairs . 
   you really would n't want to spend several years in refugee camps do you ? 
  no , i would not . 
  however i would also like to avoid dilluting europe 's cultural values with people who are completely foreign and often hostile to liberal values . 
  i feel sorry for these people but we can not let humanitarian concerns destroy the fabric of our society . 
   in austria it would n't be that easy . 
  our only far right-wing party attracts about 25 % of the votes currently , but i ca n't imagine that they would ever get more than 50 % . 
  those things take time . 
  wait until the crime rates skyrocket , the wages drop , the immigrants create huge ethnic ghettoes , etc. 
  those things are already happening on a smaller scale . 
   and australia has it easy as they have their own fucking continent and are n't a banana republic in the middle of a gazillion other countries that they depend on . 
  we can copy australia 's model if we cooperated and stopped the irrational screaming . 
   please decide if you want a free market/minimally constrained capitalism or not . 
  i support free flow of capital and free flow of eu citizens . 
  i do n't support the free flow on non-eu citizens . 
  having friends in a country does n't entitle you to refugee status . 
  the safety of the european culture and the european people should be the # 1 priority . 
   which is another reason to go to sweden . 
  so ... they 're economic migrants , shopping around for the best country out there . 
   european welfare does n't mean a better situation for me personally . 
  you 're welcome to do what 's best for yourself . 
  others are free to do so as well . 
  if your interests clash ... do n't be surprised if there 's a conflict . 
   you were born into it . 
  no , i was n't . 
  i was born in a poor second-world country and spent thousands of euros in order to immigrate to europe , fully observing all laws and regulations . 
  the czech government spent zero euros helping me out . 
  i 've spent thousands of euros overcoming the european bureaucracy in order to immigrate from my poor country of origin , fully observing all laws and regulations . 
  in an ideal world every single refugee will end up in jordan , syria and other middle eastern countries , since they are the first safe countries of passage . 
  european nations would then let the refugees apply for asylum from within the middle east , taking in as many as they want . 
   they can help you later when they become tax-paying , income earning citizens there are millions if highly skilled men all around the world applying for employment visas and we force them to go through tons of bureaucracy and paperwork . 
  why not take them instead ? 
  why are we using refugees all of a sudden to solve our economic problems ? 
  we 're not the first safe country of passage , though . 
  i would expect the government to : a ) deport them back to poland/slovakia/hungary b ) help out poland/slovakia/hungary financially c ) provide the opportunity for ukrainian refugees to apply for work visas * from outside the country * . 
  we have 150,000 ukrainians who are very well integrated and most people would n't mind more . 
   what if the western europe member states just closed their borders ? 
  there 's already 700,000 ukrainian refugees in russia : http://www.euronews.com/2015/04/22/ukraine-crisis-has-created-more-than-2-million-refugees-un-reports/ if a full-scale war breaks out , slovakia , poland , moldova , hungary , romania and belarus will be the first safe countries of passage . 
  everyone else should be free to shut their borders and accept 0 refugees , only helping out financially . 
  turkey and jordan are the first safe countries of passage . 
   your country would be screamed down by other countries in the eu for violating human rights , for being a racist and a nazi . 
  when the right-wing parties get elected into every national parliament the screaming will stop . 
  have a look at how australia is dealing with the issue , completely ignoring the screams and rants from other countries . 
  once the people find out there 's nothing except refugee camps in europe they will stop coming . 
  why bother moving from turkey to sweden if all you get is the same in a much colder climate ? 
  we should also be sending billions of dollars in aid to help the camps in jordan and turkey , where the law-abiding syrians reside . 
   why do you think they should not be discouraged to rebuild their country ? 
  we should n't place the blame on them . 
  every person in the world wants the best for himself and his children . 
  however we should be thinking about european welfare first and foremost . 
  turkey or jordan . 
  greece does n't border syria . 
  eastern eu leaders are already campaigning to have it changed . 
  do n't worry , it wo n't take long . 
  each eu country should vote individually . 
  those who vote against should be free to shut down their borders . 
  i do n't blame these people - they only wish to get the best for themselves and their families . 
  but this does n't mean we should accept them with open arms . 
  let us help them rebuild syria when the war is over . 
  czechs running away were economic migrants , however : 1 ) their level of integration far surpasses anything we might expect from middle eastern citizens . 
  2 ) they were n't breaking any laws , since the west was happy to take them . 
  the 1951 refugee convention is outdated and based on the realities of wwii . 
  it 's time to change the definition . 
  in other words ... they 're looking for the most favourable country rather than simply running away from a war ? 
  how are they not ` economic migrants ' then ? 
  let the german citizens vote on whether they want the refugees to help with the demographic crisis . 
  czech citizens will surely vote ` no ' on such proposals , despite the even lower birthrates . 
   trust me , anyone in their position would do the same . . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  but i 'm also against letting them exploit our countries for their own profit . 
  process them , treat them with dignity , and send them back . 
  the definition is outdated and based on how the refugees behaved during the second world war . 
  put them in refugee camps , provide them with the basics ( shelter , food , water , sanitation , entertainment , healthcare ) . 
  once the war is over , put them on ships , planes and trains , and send them all back . 
   by what measure is a country `` full '' ?
