  if any asian country deserves to join the eu , it 's israel . 
  cyprus and iceland should be excluded from the eu/eea then . 
  what dictates what is or is n't europe besides an arbitrary definition ? 
   is israel considered europe now ? 
  they play in uefa , participate in eurovision , have free trade with the eu , 50 + % of their population comes from europe , geographically they 're closer to mainland europe than countries like iceland . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_asia just one example of how israel is more progressive than the rest of asia . 
  sweden has one of the harshest drug laws in europe . 
  harsh laws = more opportunities for gangs to sell drugs . 
  because we 're * just * starting to become an atheist-majority community and we would prefer to stay that way for the foreseeable future . 
  religion is a big lie created to control and manipulate people . 
  we would be much better off if it disappeared entirely . 
  abrahamic religions in general have a lot of crazy and irrational ideas ingrained deeply inside their ideologies . 
  they are completely incompatible with a civilized state . 
  luckily the modern version of christianity is extremely mild , but islam is generally a lot more traditonal . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39lgv0/hi_reurope_do_you_feel_that_islam_is_a_threat_to/ take off your rose-tinted glasses and be realistic for a moment . 
  i assume they have relatives outside of denmark so that 's where they can go . 
  i mean denmark allows for same-sex marriage , sells alcohol and allows women to go to schools . 
  it 's intolerable . 
  oh , and same thing with other religious nuts . 
  if you think hardcore christianity is the answer to life 's problems , why not leave for south america ? 
  modern european culture is basically just that . 
  europe had a lot of crazy traditions back in the day . 
  i would publicly offer them a free ticket and a citizenship certificate to their country of origin . 
  it would be funny to see how they rationalize continuing living in a society which does n't respect islamic law . 
  multiculturalism is based on the fantasy idea of all cultures being equal . 
  in reality many cultures are racist , misogynistic , cruel and immoral . 
  we should accept the fact that all cultures which do n't share the basic humanistic values deserve to be forgotten . 
   changing the universal declaration of human rights is a drastic step . 
  nothing in the declaration says refugees have to be allowed to stay in europe until their applications are accepted . 
  staying in a safe , well-maintained eu camp in africa is humane and certainly a better alternative for people who escape actual war , famine and prosecution . 
   aside from the legal problems and the question about where this island would be it would probably be in a coastal african country , equivalent to cambodia . 
  i 'm sure the eu can make a deal with one of the african governments . 
   the humanitarian situation in the australian camps is very bad , e.g. 
  there is no access to clean water yes , because they had to keep them on australian soil outside the mainland , which made it very hard to maintain humane conditions . 
  providing clean water is extremely expensive in nauru , but can be super cheap in a country where water is abundant . 
  same with electricity , tv , sewers , etc. 
  the australians had problems because they tried to build the camps on remote islands in the middle of nowhere . 
   who are you thinking of ? 
  every developed country has to deal with this problem the one or other way the us does n't have to take illegal migrants from africa and neither does china . 
  it 's not only about the cost , it 's also about preserving peace and stability in the european community . 
  i 'm not blaming these people for wanting to escape their hardships ( i would do the same ) , but i 'm not willing to see them as my neighbours . 
  a correlation has been clearly demonstrated between increased crime rates and illegal migration , not to mention the effect of alien cultures living side by side . 
   and once we see images of starving african children on the tv again , it 'll be our problem again . 
  like i said , i 'd be happy to help those children . 
  i 'll send food , clothes , donations , whatever i can . 
  but that 's a completely different question . 
  paddle to the shore , get caught , get put on a ship , and leave europe . 
  i 'm sure 99 % of people would cancel their plans if this were the case . 
   it 's illegal . 
  trying to solve the problem of illegal immigration with illegal methods does not exactly give you moral high-ground . 
  then change the law . 
   australia solves this by putting these people into detention camps for an indefinite time without trail , this may revive bad memories . 
  you either live in a remote camp well outside of europe , or you say where you 're from and get back there free of charge . 
  i fail to see a problem here . 
   he african people will not stop getting to many children just because fewer of them will get to europe . 
  yes , but then it wo n't be europe 's problem alone - everybody would have to pitch in . 
  with illegal migration it 's europe alone who has to pay for the consequences . 
  i 'm ready to pay a hefty ` world improvement ' tax , but i 'm not ready to let people come here as they please . 
  you do n't have to patrol the med too intensely . 
  a ship lands on the shore , the police ( or swat in case of agression ) comes , rounds everyone up , puts them on a huge boat to some remote african shore , and sends them off . 
  repeat ad nauseum . 
  that 's how australia does it . 
  people will stop coming within a year . 
   send them back ( drain on resources ) if you send everyone back , people will soon stop coming ( see australia 's example ) . 
  africans are just as smart as europeans , they wo n't bother wasting their time and money ( not to mention risking lives ) if they know they have absolutely no chances of staying . 
  yet they still have a multi-billion underground business that 's feeding corruption into the government structure - drug dealers . 
  portugal ( and the rest of the world ) should now focus on legalization , which would bring even more benefits . 
  i 've moved to czech republic from a poorer country . 
  it was inconvenient , i had to learn the language , go through lots of red tape for the visa ( which the greeks do n't have to ) . 
  i 'm planning another move which would require me to start all over again in a different country . 
  the young greeks should stop complaining and start working on solving their unemployment problem , even if it involves moving out of their parents ' nest . 
  why do n't they move to germany or one of the other eu countries with lower unemployment ? 
  those who are unemployed should be using the opportunities provided to them by the eu , rather than complaining about economics . 
  germany ( and the eu as a whole ) should sign a free movement agreement with the us and other developed countries . 
  the us alone has plenty of young unemployed people who could help them out . 
  robots are the answer to the ageing population problem . 
  old people 's consumption is only high in terms of the amount of care they require . 
  yeah , but the upside is that germany can afford to spend more on education and invest money into robotic takecaring . 
  real estate costs go down , the environment takes a smaller toll , the roads are less crowded , schools and kindergartens have more space . 
  i think it 's going to work out just fine for them . 
  why is it good to have the population increase ? 
  i would say germany is lucky to have less people over time . 
  i do n't think the eu parliament would have the guts to start an australia-like policy on illegal migration , unless they 're backed by an eu-wide referendum . 
  but i 'll be glad if i 'm proved wrong . 
  i 'm glad we have an understanding . 
   at least in italy , international treaties can not be put to referendum . 
  well then have a referendum to change the constitution and then another referendum on migration . 
  the question would be `` should the european union allow asylum seekers without a valid visa to stay on european territory while their applications are processed ? '' . 
  simple and right to the point . 
  if the people vote yes - we carry on the current practice . 
  if the people vote no - we sign an agreement with cambodia ( or any other country ) like australia did and send them all away while their applications are being processed . 
  this will significantly lower the number of refugees/illegal migrants , just like it did in australia . 
  how about they put the illegal migrants question on a national referendum ? 
  why is this hugely important question left for politicans to resolve ? 
  why are n't politicians working on leaving that un treaty then ? 
  article 44 of the convention allows for it . 
   south africa might be your best bet if you want ethnic immigration of traditionally european communties . 
  european south africans are more than welcome in my neighbourhood . 
  african south africans ? 
  not so much .
