  an example from the uk : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/01/russian-opposition-activist-is-granted-asylum-in-uk direct flight from moscow to london -  direct application for asylum . 
  statistics proving it 's nearly impossible to deport those who are denied asylum status : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j766u/where_can_i_find_full_refugee_statistics_for/ statistics showing that refugees cause at least 2.4 as much crime as the locals : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime#germany example of one of the dozens immigrant ghettoes in europe : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2328952/sweden-riots-stockholm-burns-rioters-battle-police-days-violence-immigrant-ghetto.html, 
   when it was out of context statistics and unfounded lies about how refugees will ruin europe . 
  statistics for amount of money spent per refugee , increased crime levels , examples of existing migrant ghettoes are `` out of context '' ? 
  but no , it 's a small boy that 's is the right context , even though the vast majority of the migrants are adult males . 
  it 's possible to apply for political asylum at an embassy and arrive directly to germany by plane . 
  plenty of * actual * political refugees ( e.g. 
  members of the opposition in authocratic countries ) get asylum that way . 
   it 's now more like `` no documents ? 
  have fun in prison . '' ... 
  is this already happening ? 
  how many economic migrants currently claim they have no documents vs. how many are actually in prison for doing so ? 
   and right after back to their homecountry . 
  where do they send those who have zero documents ? 
   they will not stay there build a camp far away from any meaningful civilization ( such as western sahara ) , making it impossible to go anywhere without authorization . 
  anyone who remembers his country of origin gets help with documents and a free ticket home . 
   i have no clue what can be done about this . 
  build a refugee center outside the eu and send everyone there . 
  they could stay there as long as they wish , or until they remember where they * actually * came from . 
   so what ? 
  statistically 99,7 percent of every `` migrant '' / `` economic refugee '' will sent back home within 1 year where would you send the hundreds of thousands who throw away their documents ? 
   and an expected 55 % will be rejected . 
  how many will be successfully deported ? 
  how many have been deported in 2014 ? 
  and where would you deport the thousands of people who throw out their documentation ? 
   why do you have to assimilate ? 
  as long as you follow the local rules and regulations , pay taxes , as well as speak the local language , the vast majority of locals would consider you assimilated . 
   what if i do n't want to ? 
  then leave . 
  the bounty will be valid for a limited time only to deport the hundreds of thousands of untracked immigrants . 
  afterwards we can continue with regular checks . 
   and end up with 100k of false reports because they looked african ... 
  hire additional police to carry out the checks for the mass deportation period . 
   that 's what they do , to sneak over borders . 
  tighter border controls changes nothing , just more hiding in trucks . 
  declare a 500 euro bounty on reporting an illegal migrant that 's caught and subsequently deported -  resolve issue with people managing to hide in the country . 
  deport all those caught immediately to a processing center outside the eu -  resolve issue with people thinking they have a chance to stay in western europe without proper documents . 
  people who are successfully accepted as refugees * inside * the processing centers get to go to whatever country accepts them : germany , norway , sweden , whatever they choose . 
  once the war in syria ends and the situation stabilizes * all * of the refugee permits are immediately withdrawn and the people are sent back home , regardless of their ties to their asylum country . 
  * that 's * how you handle the current situation without either threatening the safety of europe or treating the refugees inhumanely . 
   yeah we 've got some mosques , is that what makes us equipped you have similar cultural values . 
  europe on the other hand is mostly atheist and does n't like intrusion from people who believe in god . 
  then a camp will be built in jordan/egypt/libya / algeria/whatever nation is ready to accept billions of eu 's money in exchange for their services . 
  the eu will pay billions of euros to the balkan economy in exchange for building refugee centers . 
  it would not be free . 
  europe should pay to maintain some of the refugee centers in turkey . 
  it should not host the refugees on it 's own territory . 
  you guys are much better equipped to handle muslim refugees than us . 
  that 's why refugees should be deported to the first safe country of passage , without any delays or a chance to stay in western europe . 
  if those people knew they have absolutely no chance of staying in germany they would n't have taken up such a dangerous trip . 
  their deaths have been caused by idiotic governments allowing people to apply for asylum illegaly . 
  build refugee centers in turkey , balkans , libya , egypt , morocco . 
  provide people with good living conditions . 
  send everyone there when caught without delay and people will stop coming . 
   cool , whose army are you going to use to invade sovereign libya territory ? 
  no , i 'll pay libyans to host the refugee base . 
  their economy could use a few billion euros per year . 
  the principles did n't take economic migrants into account . 
  hundreds of thousands have come this year . 
  hundreds of thousands will come the year after that . 
  at some point it 's going to be too late for reasonable action . 
  why are n't they being deported to syria ? 
  i 'm sure these fine gentlemen could help the islamic state . 
   you ca n't deport people to random countries . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  `` first country of safe passage '' is not `` random '' . 
  no , you deport them back to the first safe country of passage . 
  that would be turkey or libya in most cases . 
  unfortunately for you it 's impossible to escape the reality . 
  fortunately for me i live in a country which accepts the reality the way it is . 
  it 's physically impossible to reach slovakia without entering the bordering countries ( unless the illegal migrants charter a plane ) . 
  last time i checked all of slovakia 's bordering regions are perfectly safe . 
  therefore those who wish to reach slovakia or transit through slovakia are economic refugees , since they 're looking to achieve more than basic human susteinance ( food , water , shelter , medicine ) . 
  and economic refugees should be deported on sight . 
  non-economic migrants have no reason to reach slovakia as it 's impossible to do so without going through a safe country first . 
   okay you go do that , until then you ca n't break it . 
  you can break the law as long as you face the penalties . 
  i 'm pretty sure slovakia would be happy to pay a multi-billion fine to the eu rather than taking in an unlimited number of economic migrants . 
   btw good luck with changing an international treaty like the charter of fundamental rights the charter does n't say anything about the right of refugees to be processed inside the eu . 
  let them be processed outside the eu . 
  then change the law . 
  leave the un treaty then . 
  no , the suggestion is to send everyone back to libya . 
  build a camp in libya , deploy the eu army to guard it , and process refugee application on libyan soil . 
  stop with the false dillema fallacies . 
  i 'm not judgemental . 
  they are . 
  i simply want the law to be followed . 
   while you at it , why not deporting roma population too , right , right ? 
  the roma have been in europe for millenia . 
  for better or for worse they 're now europeans . 
  everyone else have no inherent right to live here . 
   i mean , if you go to saudi arabia , the worst fucking offender in human rights , you have no right to judge ? 
  that 's right . 
  i can criticize saudi arabia from abroad , maybe i can criticize them on a journalist visa , but i have no right for criticizm as a permanent resident . 
  if i do n't like something i should get back to my own country . 
  besides it 's not `` criticizm '' that we 're talking about . 
  it 's breaking the laws , violently demanding that your needs are met , failing to follow the local customs , and killing off those who choose to leave your religion . 
   what you 're trying to say is that immigrants do n't have right to judge you , but you have perfect right to judge everyone else . 
  it 's not not me that they 're judging .
