  the problem with what you 're saying is that the nature of these `` indirect rewards '' ( or even if they exist ) are very much debatable . 
  it 's also debatable if the benefits of these indirect rewards can possibly make up for the amount of cash that a major net contributing country expends into the eu budget . 
  if one country is funneling cash to another , that 's a very clear transfer of wealth from one country to another that can be easily measured . 
  the indirect rewards , less so . 
  define `` good policy '' . 
  what the people in brussels and berlin regard as good policy could just as easily be regarded among the populations of member states as being utterly insane . 
  take the migration quotas as an example . 
  the problem here is that many of us in the uk do n't have much hope of the eu acting in the uk 's interests . 
  i do n't feel that the people sitting in brussels have any more goodwill towards us than the people sitting in washington , moscow or beijing . 
  it 's no good saying `` do n't capitulate to the americans ! '', 
  when your alternative is `` capitulate to brussels instead !, 
  dry those eyes , princess . 
  it 's unbecoming of you . 
  maybe we do n't want to switch over to a contributory system ? 
  i like the current non-contributory system , thank you very much . 
  i 'd rather we keep our current welfare system and jettison the eu . 
  much better way of solving the problem . 
  and that 's why many of us want out of the whole eu deal . 
   the fear of being forced out of the eu was one of the reasons they voted to remain together the last time . 
  i do n't think that it was . 
  the prospect was mentioned , but i very much doubt that most voters thought about the eu when deciding the vote . 
  the dominant concern was for the economy . 
  welsh voters look at the brexit issue in largely the same way as english voters . 
  [ wales is actually one of the more pro-brexit areas of the uk . 
  ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexitvote/2015/12/14/going-west-voters-in-wales-turn-against-the-eu/ ) the green areas on that map that you linked to are the sort of areas that are populated more by sheep than by people . 
  i also feel that the risk of scottish independence in the event of brexit is very much overstated . 
  [ here is a very interesting piece from alex bell , former chief policy adviser to the former scottish first minister and snp leader alex salmond . 
  ] ( http://www.scottishreview.net/alexbell24a.html ) a pro-independence voice , but one who looks into things in some depth . 
  in all likelihood , a second scottish independence referendum will happen at some point in future . 
  a uk that has left the eu does n't necessarily make the case for scottish independence any more attractive . 
  it could easily do the opposite . 
  to be honest , i ca n't really think of anything that i 'm actually grateful to the eu for . 
  i can understand why some people might feel differently , especially those people whose countries have received a great deal of eu funding , but i just ca n't feel any kind of gratitude to it . 
   i still feel like i 'm better off than even the best situated refuegee in germany . 
  you 're a german , living in germany . 
  you damn well should be better off . 
  much better off . 
   so fuck italy and fuck greece is what you are saying ? 
  so we 're supposed to believe that germany has suddenly become concerned about the welfare of greece ? 
  pull the other one . 
  the whole proposal is a smokescreen , an attempt by germany to act like it 's acting according to lofty principles of solidarity when all it really wants to do is offload its migrants on everyone else . 
   the eu 's external borders need to be secured to sustainably reduce the influx and refugees should be spread around the bloc by means of set annual quotas , they said . 
  right , glad that 's settled . 
  a revived effort at quotas . 
  so just another desperate attempt by germany to shove their own problem onto other eu countries . 
  `` one of the defining moments in his life '' ? 
  he was n't even alive when that happened . 
  anyway , what has that got to do with us ? 
  a politician should be capable of realising that his own personal obsessions mean absolutely nothing to the wider public . 
  nerpas are wonderful . 
  the world 's only exclusive freshwater seal . 
  glad they 're not endangered . 
  this is the greatest thing i 've ever seen . 
  does that mean that he 's going to bomb bucharest in order to cripple their internet speeds ? 
  on a more serious note , i do n't think that it makes much sense to compare a capital city like bucharest to an entire country like the usa . 
  i 'm not especially worried about this . 
  there 's a thing called carrier liability laws . 
  if an airline brings an illegal immigrants into the uk , they have to facilitate ( and pay for ) their deportation . 
  you could easily extend the laws to eurostar . 
  tearing up the le touquet treaty ( a treaty which is n't even anything to do with the eu ) would only have the effect of making the situation in the port of calais more chaotic . 
  that would harm business on both sides of the channel . 
  if france wants to shoot itself in the foot because it feels like a spurned lover then that 's regrettable , but that 's just how it goes . 
  macron 's point about wooing banks from london is especially laughable . 
  even if these banks did flee london ( and that 's a very big if ) , there 's no way in hell that they would end up in paris . 
  they might not even end up in the eu . 
  but if they did feel the need to leave london while staying in the eu , they would go to frankfurt . 
  or if they wanted somewhere english speaking , dublin . 
   when does the rest of europe has an election , if we want to keep the uk in the eu ? 
  you do n't . 
  there 's no legal mechanism for kicking a country out of the eu . 
  that 's what makes this whole thing so fun for us . 
  we 're going to have a referendum , and there 's absolutely nothing that you can do about it except sit around and enjoy the spectacle . 
  maybe we 'll leave , maybe we wo n't . 
  we 'll let you know when we make our minds up . 
  the problem here is that there are very few objective facts for anybody to get their hands on . 
  that applies for either side of the debate . 
  orb\u00e1n must be laughing right now . 
  [ faymann was comparing the hungarians to nazis just last year . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-iduskcn0rc0gl20150913 ) now he 's joining them in supporting their policy !, 
  well , it 's always nice when someone sees sense . 
  merkel might try to act like she 's the leader of europe , but real leadership has been shown by viktor orb\u00e1n . 
  where he leads , others follow . 
  the problem with maajid nawaz is that he has very little credibility with most muslims , in the west or anywhere else . 
  for the most part , it 's only western non-muslims who find themselves agreeing with what he says . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  germany is finding itself isolated in europe . 
  the other countries are n't biting . 
  the lunatic merkel is n't going to be in much of a position to force anybody to do anything . 
   we should just shut the doors for a short period to see how they cope in the secluded little valleys with their reduced gene-pool . 
  i know , right ? 
  just a bunch of untermenschen , are n't they ? 
  they have no right to force other countries to take their refugees any more than they had the right to invade poland . 
  if the german people are happy with how merkel is handling things , then that 's fine . 
  as long as they do n't feel that they have the right to drag the rest of europe into their mess . 
  this . 
  i 'll be voting to leave , but i 'm not going to pretend that i have all the answers about how things will turn out if we leave . 
  of course , the pro-eu people do n't have all the answers about how things will turn out if we vote to stay , either . 
  no prosperous countries have any reason to join the eu . 
  the only countries that seek to join these days are economic basket cases that want a load of free money . 
  less bureaucracy , expense or state intrusion .
