  i remember when tony blair visited libya and shook hands with gaddafi . 
  still , i think we were due a bit of vengeance after everything that happened . 
   if germany & france think poorly of the uk , why do germans and french come to this country en masse ? 
  is it really en masse ? 
  as far as i know , most french and germans in the uk are highly educated ones who are working in high paid jobs . 
  especially french bankers in london . 
  those people will follow the money and the amount they earn will give them a good life wherever they are . 
  yeah , those guys were idiots . 
  would have been better if we left saddam in charge . 
  though i do n't think that we should apologise for toppling gaddafi , payback was due for him . 
  let 's face it , it 's not like chechnya could ever be kept under control by anybody other than a brutal tyrant . 
  gloating certainly is n't the best thing to do in this situation , but i do n't think that it 's a bad thing to remind people of the stupidity of the snp 's case for independence . 
  granted , there are those who would vote for independence even if the country was to end up like belarus , but there are plenty who voted for independence on the promise of a land of milk and honey . 
  those are the people who need to be won over in the long term . 
   and i 'll remember you as the guy who masturbated to the thought of future violence because he 'll be able to tell a bunch of strangers on the internet he was right about something for a change . 
  glad to hear it . 
   well , it certainly is popular in greece ok , i 'll grant you greece , but let 's not pretend that it 's for any reason other than to offload a load of migrants from their country onto everyone else . 
  pure self-interest on their part . 
   and it has found approval from all other eu governments . 
  yet not enough for a real redistribution system . 
  other governments might make a few conciliatory noises towards germany , but that is n't really translating into concrete commitments . 
   the numbers ee promised to take in were laughable anyways . 
  and you ca n't even hold them to those agreements . 
  what hope do you think you have for forcing other countries to take in genuinely large numbers of migrants ? 
   this is a very recent poll on how many refugees the germans are willing to take in per annum . 
  that poll does n't necessarily reflect the reality on the ground . 
  if germany is faced with more a million migrants entering their country every year for several years and with no end in sight , we 'll see just how these liberal ideals will hold . 
   that 's not an option honestly . 
  germany wo n't have a choice . 
  the other countries are n't joining the quota system and the flow of people is n't stopping . 
  so what will germany do about it . 
   she was reported to be isolated prior to this deal . 
  she was reported to be isolated in the euro crisis . 
  she has prevailed so far . 
  prevailed at what ? 
  the only thing that i can see her prevailing on is clinging onto power.she 's completely failed at pushing through her most concrete proposal ( binding quotas ) . 
   such as ? 
  keeping people out . 
  admitting that germany will have to turn away those in need . 
  no , we 're still the second largest net contributor even with the rebate . 
  this is fun . 
  i 'll be sure to keep this story by for the next time a scottish nationalist tells me how much better integrated their muslim community is compared to the rest of the uk . 
  i know that merkel is popular . 
  i 'm aware of her ratings . 
  i 'm just wondering how many migrants germany will be able to take before the whole thing breaks down completely . 
   and if it escaped you - merkel pushing for a european solution instead of closing borders has good approval in germany . 
  fortunately for the rest of us , germany does n't rule europe . 
  merkel 's european solution might be popular in germany , but it is n't popular anywhere else . 
   people care about the numbers going down , not about a return to national borders . 
  if the turkey deal works , there wo n't be a redistribution . 
  you only have to look at eastern europe 's steadfast refusal to allow any migrants into their country . 
  germany will be completely alone in this . 
  we 'll see just how popular merkel is when germany is faced with an endless flow of migrants and other countries have no interest in making martyrs out of themselves . 
  something 's got ta give . 
  merkel will find herself increasingly diplomatically isolated . 
  then germans will be forced to make uncomfortable decisions . 
  these days it seems like every newspaper commentator is an expert on `` what the terrorists want '' . 
  funnily enough , it always seems to coincide neatly with the commentator 's existing political views . 
  `` act in accordance with my political views , or else you 're playing into the terrorists ' hands !, 
  '' , it 's the perpetual rallying cry . 
  if these eu member states wished , they could just start up a military alliance that runs parallel to the eu , with a view to integrating it into eu structures further down the line . 
  there would be absolutely nothing that the uk could do about that . 
  if eu member states wished to pursue military integration without the uk , there would be very little that we could do about it . 
  the problem is that these eu officials are eager to get their hands on the uk 's military resources , given that we have one of only two credible armed forces in the eu . 
  if the eu wants to have military integration that consists purely of france and the assorted hangers on then they 're welcome to , but that does n't seem to be what they want . 
   you 're reacting exactly as these bastards want . 
  ah yes , that old chestnut . 
  `` do n't do * x * , it 's exactly what the terrorists want !, 
  '' , with * x * meaning `` whatever fits neatly into my political ideology '' . 
  maybe the polish do n't want to let parts of warsaw to end up like molenbeek ? 
  quite sensible . 
  no need for them to commit national suicide like the rest of europe . 
  the uk is by far a larger net contributor to the eu budget than italy . 
  you might pay slightly more than the uk , but you receive a great deal more back from it . 
  we 're the second largest net contributor behind germany . 
   apostasy for example is technically punishable by death ( i do n't know if they actually follow through with it ) . 
  uae has introduced several aspects of sharia law in the past years . 
  that 's par the course for that part of the world . 
  as long as their barbarism in an internal matter , i see no need for us to get involved . 
  all i said was that the idea that your self-perceived wit was a form of resistance is pathetic . 
  i did n't say that i was doing anything to resist what was happening . 
  i 'd have to start killing people to do that . 
  what exactly is your point here ? 
  that the uk would stop it ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that if other eu countries really forged ahead with military and intelligence integration without the uk , there would be very little that we could do about it . 
  the problem lies when european officials ca n't resist trying to get their hands on the uk 's military resources , because they know that we 're one of the only two countries in the eu with a credible military . 
  if you do n't want british people commenting on your suggestions for eu intelligence integration , then do n't go making suggestions that the uk 's intelligence services be absorbed into the eu . 
  if you do that , it 's only natural that british people will comment on it . 
  they have to get there first . 
  that takes time . 
  every extra minute they take means more people killed . 
  even the best military in the world is worthless if they 're not there . 
   do n't know why every brit needs to `` insert british skepticism perspective about the eu '' in every single eu thread . 
  probably because we all know how it will end . 
  the eu will want access to our resources , as it always does . 
  take the whole idea of an integrated eu military force . 
  the eu wants access to our armed forces , given that we 're one of the few countries with anything other than a token military . 
  if the eu wished to pursue initiatives like this without ever bothering us , i doubt that you would even get any british people commenting on the matter . 
  i 'm glad that i 'm not the only person who feels this way . 
  i felt exactly this way with all the `` je suis charlie '' crap .
