  the economy in wales is n't fantastic . 
  it depends on where you are , but it can be difficult to find decent work . 
  cardiff is n't too bad , but there 's not much work in north wales . 
  if we 're that problematic , then why does n't the german government ask the uk to leave the eu ? 
  go on , make our day . 
  it 's not going to be solely $ 3 a day , is it ? 
  surely there will be other entitlements such as housing , healthcare and education ? 
  remember that it 's all relative . 
  what might be seen as the bare minimum is germany could be seen as something extremely generous in another country . 
  maybe the foreign policy of the blair years was n't our finest hour , but let 's not pretend that the region would be a beacon of peace and brotherhood had it not been for the nasty old brits . 
  remember that we never bombed syria ( and there 's no evidence that we 've ever armed any rebels . 
  show me the evidence if you disagree ) . 
  libya is a red herring too , the people leaving are n't libyans and it 's only a transit route . 
  if they were n't departing from libya they would only take other routes ( you 'd probably just get more people taking the balkan route ) . 
   why do you deny people who just fled from war the right to pursue a good life ? 
  because many of them want to `` pursue a good life '' here . 
  to our detriment . 
  we would n't be stopping them from trying to pursue a good life , just stopping them from entering our own countries to try and do it . 
  wishing to pursue a good life is all well and good , but we should n't have a responsibility to provide them with that life . 
  maybe i would , but the americans would have every right to tell me to get lost . 
   an overwhelming majority of them do stay in nearby countries . 
  clearly not overwhelming enough by the numbers of them entering europe . 
   and even if they go to other countries directly , why are they not refugees anymore ? 
  i presume that you meant `` even if they ** do n't ** go to other countries directly '' . 
  i think that refugee status should be for those who are fleeing violence and persecution . 
  i do n't think it should be for people who have already fled violence and persecution , but find that life where they ended up is n't quite to their liking . 
  also , i think that refugees should be in a place that allows them to return to their home countries when the opportunity arises . 
  if they 're allowed to settle in europe and have children ( who will be attending school in europe and not knowing their parents ' culture ) , they 'll never return home . 
  hey , you 're the ones who are helping to attract migrants by being overly generous to them ( we 're bad enough , but germany and sweden seem to be outdoing us now ) . 
  if you create the conditions that almost seem perfectly tailored to attracting migrants , you should take them . 
  all of them . 
  ah , but which public ? 
  the european public ? 
  or the public of each individual eu member state ? 
  because i 'm sure the people of many member states ( and not just the uk ) would be very angry if their wishes were overruled by a european government , regardless of whether or not it had support of the majority of people from every other member state . 
  there still is n't a european `` demos '' , so introducing an all powerful central leader would be a case of putting the cart before the horse and would alienate many people from the eu . 
  not all of these migrants are syrians . 
  as for the syrians , they pass through many safe countries . 
  if it was purely safety they were after they would stay in turkey , but clearly there are other factors here . 
  fine , as long as this means that we do n't get the germans telling us how we should start taking of load of their `` refugees '' to ease their burden . 
   the eu needs vision and focus , and for that we need a single head or authoritative figure . 
  the problem here is that the public might not be so eager for one leader . 
  do n't take it personally , it 's not about abandoning anyone . 
  nobody would doubt that switzerland or norway are thoroughly european even though they 're not in the eu . 
  it 's the eu as an institution that 's at fault . 
  it 's broken beyond repair and i do n't see why i would have any more loyalty towards it than i would to the world bank or the imf . 
  i 'm not actually all that surprised . 
  with all level of uproar over the decision , i doubted that the megathread would last any more than a month . 
  with the sheer level of discontent , [ this song title popped into my head . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbt7ikdpos0 ), 
  it 's the entire media , you see . 
  they 're all part of the grand unionist cabal . 
  they were helping to hide the secret oil fields too . 
  oh yes they were . 
  i 'm someone who 's in favour of british withdrawal from the eu , but i think that this leaflet is simplistic drivel . 
  though i do n't think that necessarily a bad thing . 
  most of the public have the attention span of the proverbial goldfish ( yes , i know that goldfish are actually misunderstood and surprisingly intelligent ) , so the leaflet seems geared perfectly towards low information voters . 
   this is just trying to get the old scared people 's votes . 
  not a bad idea . 
  old , scared people can be relied upon to turn out and vote . 
  most teenagers seem to manage to go through their lives without joining murderous terrorist groups . 
  personally , i 'm not concerned with their motivations of those teenagers who join isis . 
  if they were so stupid that they genuinely thought that isis are wonderful people really , i think that society is better off without them . 
  at least if they 're held prisoner or killed by isis they wo n't be causing us any more problems . 
  incredibly lucky that a pair of trained us marines where there . 
  hope they make a speedy recovery . 
  definitely should be given some bravery awards . 
  yes , our own labour party was in favour of much tougher immigration restrictions when they were founded in the early 20th century . 
  they saw how immigration was used by the ruling classes to screw over the working man . 
  now it 's infested with liberals obsessed with identity politics . 
  the uk . 
  i 'm from scotland originally but now in england . 
  would like the uk to stay together . 
  and i 'm not interested in getting involved in semantic arguments about what does and does n't constitute a country . 
  but why are you bothered ? 
  about any of it ? 
  i 'm just wondering why an american would be so concerned about the constitutional status of the uk . 
  i would n't concern myself with american gun laws , for example . 
  there are plenty of things going on in your own country to sort out . 
  it was n't just peter king . 
  your own president invited gerry adams to the white house on st. patrick 's day . 
  and no , i 'm not comparing the snp or plaid cymru to the ira . 
  but i 'd say that those americans who sympathise with them most likely have the same motivations as those who were providing support to noraid . 
  i 'll always see them as enemies of this country . 
  i suppose it is n't a surprise . 
  americans were very supportive of the ira in the past . 
  you are at least subtle enough to try and cloak as being in our interests . 
  why is that ? 
  eager to see the uk broken apart ? 
  ha , do you really think labour would be any different ? 
  i despise the conservatives , but i 'm not going to delude myself into thinking that labour would be any different . 
  all the parties are a joke . 
  but every cloud has a silver lining . 
  i 've always been in favour of the uk adopting a neutral non-interventionist foreign policy . 
  i apologise for my rudeness . 
  i was referring more from the perspective of military strength . 
  compared to france and the uk , the military capabilities of most european countries are tiny . 
   i would hope you 'd stop letting them drown . 
  and honestly , having an interdiction fleet that sends people back does cut down on the number of people who try that dangerous and illegal crossing . 
  often it 's impossible to send these people back .
