  if you can find a quote for it , please do . 
  because i have n't heard her say anything of the sort . 
   is there another source for these claims ? 
  nope . 
  the author made it all up . 
  does n't stop all the people on here from swallowing it without even reading into it . 
  still , good job on being one of the honourable exceptions here . 
   may probably is n't suggestion to ban all crypto , just crypto for individuals and organizations that either can afford and or pass a vetting process . 
  actually , she has n't siggested that either . 
  she has n't made any comments on banning encryption . 
  this article is crap . 
   why is nobody pointing out that the author of this text does not provide source for the claim she wants to ban crypto ? 
  some people are pointing this out . 
  but the most upvoted comments are the ones which have fallen for all the spurious bullshit in the article . 
   i 'll be honest , i have n't read the article , i do not like boingboing , and my post refer to the banning of crypto in general . 
  sensible decision . 
  because theresa may has never , at any point , talked about banning cryptography . 
  [ theresa may has commented on the matter , expressing her disappointment . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-40128356 ) the uk is quite capable of making its own diplomatic statements . 
  it reads like a particularly clever parody of a modern slacktivist . 
  `` i 'll boycott all american products , unless it inconveniences me ! '', 
  it definitely needs to be upvoted . 
  [ this guy , too . 
  at least it will keep the government busy ( \u25d5 \u203f \u25d5 \u273f ), 
  i do n't blame the eu for that one . 
  if our politicians were stupid or treacherous enough to give up a load of money without insisting on meaningful reforms in a legally binding treaty , the rest of the eu might as well take advantage of that . 
  the blame for it lies solely with tony blair . 
  she ca n't possibly be any worse than the sort of clowns labour would put forward . 
  you only have to remember the last time we had a labour government negotiating on our behalf in europe , we ended up with blair surrendering a huge chunk of our rebate for absolutely nothing in return . 
  that seemed less like defending the uk 's interests and more like malicious sabotage against his own country . 
  we could do without that sort of negotiating prowess . 
  this one is my favourite . 
  tasteful and practical . 
  not too ornate , yet not too minimsalist . 
  i think it strikes just the right balance . 
  well i am scottish , so i certainly heard about that . 
  i was making the point that just because she called a referendum , it does n't mean that there 's going to be one . 
  theresa may is certainly going to delay it for as long as she can , possibly until after the next scottish parliament elections in 2021 . 
  it 's perfectly possible that there will be a second referendum in the near future , but i 'm 100 % sure that it wo n't be happening within the next 17 months . 
   it is still 17 months till indyref2 it is ? 
  i must have missed that . 
  if there 's one thing that the british people should have learned from the suez crisis , it 's that this `` special relationship '' is n't really all that special . 
  i hope that the british people finally start to realise that no power bloc has ever had our interests at heart , be it the us , the eu or china . 
  he should have been deported to libya as soon as he set foot on uk soil . 
  perhaps this sense of togetherness was never anything more than an illusion ? 
  the russians are n't a credible military threat to the uk . 
  their military is ramshackle and their ambitions are very local . 
  we could quite easily stay out of any conflict in the baltic states . 
  i can certainly understand why many british people feel it 's not worth risking a third world war over . 
  it 's good to see that you consider `` us '' ( and i presume that also referes to a bunch of kids at a concert ) to be just as bad as the terrorists . 
  it at least helps clarify the situation . 
  because even as it 's prefaced with the usual insincere platitudes ( i hate them with a passion ... yeah , sure you do ) , we 're at least under no illusions about where your true sympathies lie . 
  and there 's even the favoured old `` i 'm against terrorism , but ... '' line . 
  this is just too perfect . 
  and among those people who feel the need to grind their political axe , it never takes long for their terrorist sympathies to surface . 
  keep it up . 
  i do n't recall saying anything about closing borders . 
  but clearly you just could n't resist the temptation to use this attack as an excuse to grind your own political axe as the bodies are still warm . 
  i 'd rather she just shut up . 
  she has nothing to say on this issue that 's worth listening to . 
  all she has are the usual meaningless and insincere platitudes . 
  there may well be an `` anything but tory '' movement , but i very much doubt that it will be huge . 
  the most it might manage is swinging the odd marginal constituency , but even that does n't look like the strongest possibility . 
  social media is an irrelevant echo chamber . 
  i seriously doubt that the tories are going to be too worried that the twitter hashtag brigade has arrived on the scene . 
  i do n't care if they vote or not . 
  i probably wo n't bother . 
  it 's just best not to get people 's hopes up . 
   young people of uk : go have your say ; it will make a difference !, 
  no it wo n't , the tories are going to win . 
  they could n't lose if they tried . 
  it 's not even typical of students . 
  even most students would find those people insufferable . 
  i 'm inclined to agree . 
  article 50 was drafted to suit the interests of any remaining member states . 
  it was never thought that the uk would be the first to invoke it . 
  it might well have been better for us not to play by the rules . 
  it 's not like we 'd get one anyway . 
  it 's clickbait designed to attract hysterical morons who ca n't be bothered to look at the manifesto for themselves . 
  looks like it 's worked a treat . 
  they were asking for a reliable source , not the independent . 
  assuming there is an exit deal . 
   what seems to be impossible to drill into the brits , in my opinion , is also the fact that europe is not an economic union . 
  actually , i think that british people have finally realised that over the past few years , hence our vote to leave . 
  our politicians have been happy to pretend that the eu is just an economic union , but even they ca n't manage to hide its true nature any more . 
  the uk slipped from 11th to 156th , which is hilarious . 
  it 's the most subjective bullshit imaginable . 
  it 's better to focus on specific statistics in individual areas rather than arbitrary rankings based on little more than guesswork . 
  and i 'm not just saying this as a butthurt brit , the fact that it puts italy below libya , algeria and morocco tells you everything you need to know . 
  it seems that many people on this sub are starting to realise that scotland is n't quite as pro-eu as they liked to think . 
  the best description i heard of scotland 's pro-eu feeling is that it 's `` broad , but shallow '' . 
  scotland voted for the uk to stay in the eu , with all its current opt outs and rebates . 
  joining as an entirely new member state is a very different proposition . 
  during the 2014 referendum , the yes campaign wanted an independent scotland to carry on using the uk pound . 
  oh , and they said that the rest of the uk to act as a lender of last resort , being committed to bailing scotland out if it all went tits up . 
  they insisted that the uk would just roll over and agree to it , in spite of uk government denials . 
  no joke . 
  how is it detrimental to our interests ? 
  there is no goodwill left between the uk and eu , if there ever was any in the first place . 
  it 's not like they 'll suddenly give us a better deal if we act like doormats .
