  pro-eu , has often used the promise of eu membership for an independent scotland as a way of trying to win over wary voters to the cause of independence . 
  they figure that voters will see independence as less of a drastic step if scotland is in the eu . 
  ** green party : ** fairly minor party , but has been growing somewhat in recent years . 
  has one mp in the uk parliament and is the fourth largest uk party in the european parliament with three meps . 
  as with most green parties throughout the world , it combines left wing economic policies with a strong environmental focus . 
  is in favour of the uk remaining in the eu , mainly due to concern that the uk would dilute environmental regulations . 
  of course it 's speculative , all we can do is speculate . 
  still , i think it would be stretching things a bit to describe the conservatives as being staunchly pro-eu . 
  they 're deeply divided , with the parliamentary party almost split down the middle and the membership being mostly in favour of brexit . 
  i do n't think that there will be a revote . 
  this is n't ireland , where public opinion is solidly pro-eu . 
  if cameron or some other tory leader tried to push through a second vote , the entire tory party would turn on them like a pack of hyenas . 
  the relationship between scotland and the uk is totally different to the relationship between the uk and the eu . 
  the two ca n't be compared . 
  [ sorry , we win . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33009682 ), 
  phew , glad we 've got an opt out . 
  i do n't want to have to apply for a visa to visit the us just because some other countries ca n't qualify for the visa waiver . 
  this could be a good opportunity for the uk and ireland . 
  if visas are required to visit everywhere else in europe , it might make some us tourists more likely to visit those two countries . 
  ukraine is very poor by european standards , so it is in their interests to join the eu . 
  the same ca n't be said for rich countries like norway and switzerland . 
  a couple of decades ? 
  you might have a point if turkey was heading in a more secular and democratic direction , but what we 're seeing now is very much the opposite . 
  parts of turkish society might have the sort of mentality that could fit into the eu , but that does n't apply to the peasantry of anatolia . 
  these people are completely unfit to live in a civilised society . 
  from what i 've heard , many of the new world wines are made on huge vineyards that are much larger than anything you 'll see in europe . 
  the economies of scale keep it cheap . 
  they got arrogant and complacent . 
  their symbian os was a pile of crap that needed to be revamped , but they could n't be bothered . 
  they were presented with ideas like touchscreen phones and a mobile app store well before apple came along , but they thought that those ideas would never catch on . 
  they could easily have maintained their dominance of mobile phones , but they rested on their laurels . 
  they only have themselves to blame for this . 
  if you 're an unskilled worker , there 's no real incentive to move to other european countries where wages are often lower and unemployment higher . 
  if you 're a skilled worker , you need n't restrict yourself to europe ; there 's a good chance that you could get a job in an english speaking country like canada or australia where you wo n't have to bother learning a new language . 
  the free movement of people across europe has always been a one-sided thing from the british perspective . 
   the fate of countries that are n't piss poor . 
  indeed , but i hope that you can see how this wo n't enamour many british people to the concept of open borders in the eu . 
  it effectively amounts to other countries outsourcing their unemployment to the uk . 
   wait a second , now cameron wants uk to stay in eu ? 
  he 's always wanted the uk to stay in the eu . 
   why was he acting as a dick for the past three years then if he has no intention of leaving eu ? 
  there are many in cameron 's party and the wider public who want the uk to leave the eu . 
  that 's why cameron had to concede a referendum on membership . 
  his party is very heavily divided on the issue . 
  also , even many of those who want the uk to remain in the eu wish to see a uk government that is very assertive in standing up for our national interests on the european stage . 
  cameron is caught between his own desire to keep the uk in the eu and the desire of much of his party and much of the public to leave . 
  he has effectively been forced into holding this referendum by his own party . 
  if it was up to him we would n't even be having it . 
  i think that there 's something to be said for bringing everyone to the same level . 
  people need to learn that they 're not special and the world is n't going to revolve around them, 
  i really ca n't get over how the french police are always happy to stand by and allow this sort of stuff to happen . 
  it 's utterly staggering . 
  these people should be immediately arrested and charged . 
   i disagree . 
  if something is out of your comfort zone , you should not be required to do it , as long as it does n't disrupt class activities , being forced out of your comfort zone is an important part of growing up . 
  the adult world is n't going to tiptoe around you so that you can feel comfortable all the time . 
  kids need to learn that adult life often requires you to be in unpleasant or uncomfortable situations and just deal with it . 
   otherwise it is just a rule that is being claimed by someone enforcing it with the barrel of a gun . 
  big man gets in charge , big man calls the shots . 
  you do n't do what big man says , big man kills you . 
  it 's the politics of the caveman , but that 's basically how society works in that part of the world . 
  do you honestly think that it 's realistic to hold these people to western standards ? 
  do you think that they would in the least bit receptive to our haughty lectures ? 
  i do n't see why we should concern ourselves with the conduct of such people . 
  our civilisation has more important matters to concern itself with . 
  it 's silly to try and draw parallels between isis and the papal states . 
  there are comparisons that you could make if you really wanted to , but the comparisons are so inane that you could apply them to all kinds of things . 
  the nature of isis is what makes it completely different to the papal states . 
  well ok , maybe i went a bit too far in saying that you ca n't compare them in any way . 
  for example , all of those forces carried guns . 
  all of them shot at people . 
  all of them have foreign volunteers . 
  all of them have their forces composed largely of the species homo sapiens . 
  but i 'd argue that it 's silly to try and compare and compare the papal states ( or the peshmerga , ukraine volunteers , etc. ), 
  to isis . 
  it would be just as silly to compare isis to the brazilian army or the hong kong police . 
  the roads that i 've seen in spain are pretty damn good . 
  they have some fancy motorways that seem smooth enough to eat off . 
  i did n't say that all cultures were equal . 
  i believe that i described iran as a `` backward shithole '' . 
  hardly the sort of phrase that a cultural relativist would use . 
  i do n't believe that all cultures are equal , but i do believe in national sovereignty . 
  i believe that other countries should be free to conduct their own internal affairs in whatever manner they please , regardless of how backward or barbaric they are . 
  i think it 's more a matter of discretion . 
  muslim countries that seek to attract more foreign visitors and investors , such as the uae or bahrain , tend to take a more lax approach towards westerners , purely for pragmatic reasons . 
  the places that have less desire to attract these foreigners take a less lax approach . 
  if they actually want foreign visitors then it 's in their best interests to turn a blind eye . 
  it 's not actually international territory . 
  international zones of airports are just places that have been created for the convenience of passengers , to allow them to change flights easily without needing to clear customs and immigration . 
  they still remain the full sovereign territory of the state that they 're located in , with all of the laws of the land still applying . 
  if a country wanted to change its laws to allow certain actions in the airport that are n't allowed elsewhere then they could do so if they wanted to make life easier for travelers . 
  they 're not under any obligation to do so , though . 
   as a student at cambridge university i 'll bet that 's something you say before almost every statement you make . 
  whenever someone asks a family member or acquaintance `` oh , who 's that [ op ] you were referring to ? 
  ca n't think of who they are . 
  '' , the reply will be `` you know , the one who never shuts up about being at cambridge . '', 
  `` oh , that one . '', 
  they chose that job . 
  if you do n't want a job where you can end up stopping briefly in shitty countries then working as airline crew might not be for you .
