  that 's how we like it . 
  no , they 're not victims . 
  not by any stretch of the imagination . 
  you can criticise isis for many things , but nobody can accuse them of concealing their true nature . 
  these people knew exactly what isis was like when they joined , yet they joined anyway . 
  they deserved everything they got . 
  i hope that they pined for the peaceful , comfortable lives that they left behind as they awaited their executions . 
  i have n't heard anybody claim that leaving the eu will solve all of the uk 's problems . 
  i 've only ever heard it as a strawman built up by pro-eu people who just ca n't fathom why anybody would want to withdraw from their beloved organisation . 
  you 're peter sutherland and i claim my # 5 . 
  ( that 's # , not $ ), 
  could , but wo n't . 
  i know you 're all butthurt and acting like a spurned lover , but you need to realise that you 're utterly powerless to do anything about this . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  the uk 's gon na do what the uk 's gon na do . 
  there 's nothing that you can do about it but watch the spectacle . 
  the sooner you realise this the happier you 'll be . 
  [ never forget . 
  there is a way to leave under eu law . 
  but even if there was n't , so what ? 
  what would you do about it , invade us ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  or to go even further , as attributed to einstein :  the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again , but expecting different results . 
  sure , but we have to remember that they behave like this because they know they will get away with it . 
  if sanity prevailed in europe , these people would be far too scared to even dream of trying something like this . 
  good post , does a great job of highlighting the absurdity of religiously sticking to international conventions that were drafted for a very different world to the one that we 're living in today . 
   do these people think that this will endear themselves to europeans ? 
  they do n't care whether they endear themselves to you or not . 
  they most likely despise you . 
  the uk 's eu membership is n't just some tribal party political issue . 
  i think that it would be naive to assume that the working classes in labour strongholds would be pro-eu . 
  many of them lose out due to competition from eu immigrants . 
  labour would do well to keep as much of a distance as possible from this campaign . 
  many of their voters have very little time for the eu . 
   joking aside , do n't you think it 's a tiny bit worrying that some people would really like nothing more than to see us get utterly shafted dare we leave the union . 
  i do n't find it worrying , i find it hilarious . 
  can you even begin to imagine what the reaction will be among these people if the uk actually votes to leave ? 
  it will be so very sweet . 
  i 'm not from eastern europe . 
  so it 's nothing to do with me . 
  they had only themselves to blame . 
  even if their claims were 100 % true , they still admitted entering afghanistan . 
  if you enter a country against the advice of the foreign office ( i 'm pretty sure that afghanistan was on the foreign office 's list of countries not to travel to ) then any misfortune that befalls you is your own doing . 
  these people should n't expect the uk to bend over backwards to free them . 
  it might have been a better idea for the rest of the world to just shut up about what the us was doing in guantanamo . 
  it was n't a problem for us . 
   i 'm in favor of allowing the ones who want to return return if there is no evidence that they were involved in atrocities . 
  what makes you think that you could even find the evidence of atrocities in the event of them committing them ? 
  it 's not like you can send out investigators to syria or iraq to gather evidence . 
  it 's not worth the risk . 
  better to make sure they stay out there . 
  once isis falls ( it most likely will , sooner or later ) , these people wo n't last five minutes . 
  being westerners , they will stick out like sore thumbs so they will likely face a very brutal end . 
  maybe their captors could be considerate enough to film the results as a warning to others . 
  you could always ignore it . 
  it 's not like anybody will do anything about it . 
  exactly . 
  i imagine that a lot of this is motivated by bitterness from meps from countries who have lost out on lucrative defence contracts to uk companies . 
  the european parliament can go to hell . 
  there are a lot of british jobs that depend on these orders . 
  the idea that we should endanger the jobs of our own citizens at the behest of the motley collection of political failures that make up the eu 's meps is utterly ridiculous . 
  even though i 'm not a great fan of cameron , i think it 's a good thing that he 's unapologetic in his support of an important part of the uk 's manufacturing sector . 
  there are many skilled jobs in economically deprived areas that depend on this industry . 
  the economies of scale that these foreign orders bring also helps to reduce the per unit costs . 
  that 's a good thing for our own armed forces who use the same equipment . 
  i do n't think it 's an unfair question because it 's not entirely clear what the consequences will be , in any . 
  it all depends on what germany is either willing or able to do about it . 
  the answer seems to be `` not much '', 
  i think it 's more of a case of the tory membership being farsighted enough to choose a leader who can reach out to the wider electorate , unlike their labour counterparts . 
  the tories have learned their lessons from when they chose the useless iain duncan smith as leader . 
  he was popular with the core membership , but electoral poison with the public . 
  sounds like someone we know right now ... british voters do n't like ideologues , they like pragmatists . 
  whatever your opinions of cameron , he 's not utterly dogmatic . 
  i think that burnham 's flexibility would have been a strength . 
  whether or not a candidate pisses off political anoraks is irrelevant . 
  i do n't think that it does . 
  the labour membership are still overwhelmingly supportive of corbyn , in spite of his utterly abysmal approval ratings with the wider public . 
  if the events of the last few months have told us anything it 's that the leadership do n't matter . 
  they 're completely out of touch with the wider public so their verdicts on the electability of candidates are irrelevant . 
   not that i am even against burnham but he appears to believe in absolutely nothing . 
  neither does cameron . 
  he does n't exactly come across as a man of substance . 
  more of a pr man . 
  has n't done him and harm , though . 
   after all we are talking about the person who lost to ed miliband a few years ago party leadership elections are totally different to general elections . 
  different demographic . 
  as the corbyn fiasco is proving . 
   he seems more like a caricaturae than a real person . 
  spot on . 
  he could be a stock character in a sitcom , but even then you 'd think that he was too ridiculous to be real . 
  reminds of how commies always presented the world as a choice between `` socialism or barbarism '' , to quote engels . 
  of course , we all found out that they did n't have any answers . 
  i 'm afraid that it 's the hungarians and the hungarians alone that will be deciding what choices are on the ballot paper . 
  it 's not the business of anyone else . 
  glad to hear it . 
  switzerland and norway are very useful countries for those of us in the uk who seek withdrawal from the eu . 
  it 's always good to point out that two of europe 's most prosperous countries are outside the eu . 
  it would n't be good enough . 
  these people have a great sense of self-entitlement . 
  the sort of people who have paid traffickers to move them into europe are n't the poorest in their societies .
