  i said before this referendum that ordinary europeans were n't going to care much at all about the outcome of the referendum or its aftermath . 
  people on social media might work themselves into an enraged frenzy over it , but the average european has other things to worry about . 
  this poll seems to confirm that . 
  no mental gymnastics required . 
  norway and switzerland are completely european . 
  just as we always will be . 
  most likely it 's the small section of the population who are dogmatic pro-eu fanatics . 
  these people are the ones who are so enraged at the outcome of the referendum that they want to see their own country destroyed as some sort of punishment for daring to vote to leave . 
  they 're the sort of people who would side with any country except their own . 
  fortunately , these people wo n't even make up a large percentage of the remain vote , let alone the country at large . 
  that 's what needs to change . 
  we need to make it clear to refugees that they can get safety , but nothing more . 
  if we want to deter them from trying their luck in whatever country takes their fancy , we need to ensure that the conditions they 're housed in are no different to the refugee camps . 
  why not ? 
  refugees are people fleeing danger . 
  as soon as they step over the border to turkey , they are no longer in any danger . 
  if they cross the turkish border into greece then they 're not fleeing danger , they 're just looking for better standards of living . 
  that makes them no different to any other economic migrant . 
  i always wonder how that went with the french occupation authorities . 
  i imagine it was something like the french commander saying to the polish guards : `` we 've got a new guest in the jail . 
  a certain mr dirlewanger . 
  yes , that mr dirlewanger !, 
  please make sure you 're extra nice to him , we certainly would n't want anything to happen to him . '', 
  you 've got maoist parties everywhere . 
  there was one in the uk called the workers ' institute of marxism -- leninism -- mao zedong thought . 
  rolls off the tongue , does n't it ? 
  it was only a few dozen people at its peak and it was more of a cult than a political party . 
  it culminated with the leader recently being [ jailed on charges of slavery . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-35443423 ), 
  there 's a huge difference between teaching someone to speak a language and teaching them not to rape women . 
  my point was that countries should only allow entry from people who already understand the basics of behaviour in a civilised , developed country . 
  if they ca n't understand it , deport them . 
  they should be able to integrate without lessons . 
  if they 're incapable of learning the most basic acceptable behaviours without expensive lessons then they should be deported . 
  i see it as less of a matter of press freedom and more as a matter of international relations . 
  i agree that domestic media should n't be restricted , but foreign owned stuff is a different matter . 
  if a country restricted your country 's steel exports , i doubt that there would be too many objections if your government responded in kind . 
  i believe that the same should apply with the media . 
  reciprocity is a very important principle in international relations . 
  it was funny watching all the eu federalists here masturbate over the thought of the uk disintegrating after we had the temerity to vote to leave . 
  looks like it might not all be working out as they hoped for ... 
  freedom for international media to operate in the uk should be reciprocal . 
  if russia is restricting the rights of uk media to operate in their country , we should respond in kind . 
  rt and sputnik should be banned from the uk . 
  they stopped fleeing a civil war the second they stepped over the border to turkey . 
  that 's only semantics . 
  it does n't make any real , practical difference to the situation . 
   so what the hell is the lesson here ? 
  the lesson here is to keep them out of your country by whatever means necessary . 
  mental illness should never be grounds to avoid deportation . 
  if anything , it should give us more incentive to deport them as it 's more likely that they will be a danger to society . 
  the problem with safe zones is that it requires military intervention and that 's something that europeans ( quite understandably ) are wary of . 
  i think that european states should instead pay for the upkeep of closed refugee camps in europe ( maybe on islands ) . 
  that way you could house these people safely and return them as soon as the situation is stabilised . 
  [ do n't worry , they 're still quite capable to violating people 's privacy without us . 
  ] ( http://news.softpedia.com/news/eu-plans-database-of-bitcoin-users-with-identities-and-wallet-addresses-506650.shtml ), 
  god , i fucking hate those cookie prompts . 
  they 're such an irritation for those of us who regularly use private browsing . 
  i completely understand why they 're doing it . 
  i imagine that if i was in their position i would want to do the same . 
  the point i was making was that safe zones wo n't satisfy their aspiration for a better standard of living . 
  i also do n't feel that it 's the responsibility of our societies to ensure that these people have the standard of living that they feel they 're entitled to . 
   do n't people upvote brexit critics who say britain is stupid for creating uncertainty with when they 'll invoke article 50 ? 
  god damn it , reddit . 
  can you imagine what it would be like if the headline said `` uk '' instead of `` eu '' ? 
  the circlejerk here would reach epic proportions . 
  has n't the catalan government been saying this for years ? 
  anyway , it will be interesting to see how this plays out , especially given the difference between how spain handles catalonia and how the uk handles scotland . 
  the uk government has bent over backwards to placate scottish nationalists , something that has only strengthened them . 
  on the other hand , the spanish government has never seen the need to do that and has taken a very different approach . 
  not this again . 
  what makes you think that any of these people would be content with staying in a safe zone in syria ? 
  after all , if these migrants were only looking for safety they would stay in turkey or greece . 
  they come to europe because they want a much better standard of living . 
  safe zones in syria would n't change that . 
  i would also add that brexit fundamentally changed the arguments in favour of scottish independence . 
  throughout the snp 's drive for independence they always put the eu forward as a kind of `` safety net '' , a way of making independence seem like less of a drastic step . 
  with a uk outside of the eu , scottish independence could well end up being seen as a more drastic step than ever before . 
  well , it 's nice to see that at least some countries are finally acknowledging how uniquely special and wonderful we are . 
  it 's about time . 
  i know , it 's fantastic , is n't it ? 
  already been posted here before . 
  many times . 
  it 's a dead project . 
  i imagine that the hipsters who came up with the idea packed it in when they realised it would require a little effort . 
  i get the impression that more and more europeans are finally understanding this . 
  when it was almost exclusively americans and israelis being targeted , many europeans would play the blame game , calling for the us and israel to compromise and enter into a political dialogue with islamists . 
  people are finally learning that you can never compromise with these barbarians . 
  you have to destroy them without mercy . 
  thank you for your concerns , but we 're quite capable of dealing with our own problems . 
  very sweet of you all the same . 
  that 's definitely the experience that i 've had with turkish people in the uk . 
  i get the impression that the turks who ended up in germany tend to be the ignorant peasantry . 
  we 've always tended to get the modern , secular ones . 
  [ whoops . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/21/theresa-may-meets-francois-hollande-french-president-demands-pm/ ), 
  sure they could , but they wo n't . 
  people who hate the uk might enjoy masturbating over the prospect , but it 's their rulers who will be making the decision . 
  not them . 
  but to be honest , i 'm finding this whole thing fantastic fun .
