  i thought we were pals :(, 
  hey , do n't forget us . 
  we 'll all be blamed together !, 
  seems like wishful thinking more than anything . 
  even though i would n't wish to see a federal eu happen and would n't want the uk to have anything to do with it , it 's hard to argue with the author 's assertion that fiscal union without political union is ruinous . 
  that one 's been pointed out enough times already . 
  what i wonder is if those in charge of the eu who pushed for the euro realised this and felt that any crisis would be a good opportunity to force through political integration , or if they 're merely incompetent . 
  the elites do n't feel that they need to explain why economic integration is automatically a good thing , or justify it to the people . 
  they expect to push it through without public consultation , then change all the political systems to accommodate that . 
  what makes you think it would necessarily create stability ? 
  you might find it ends up doing the opposite . 
  laws of unintended consequences , and all that . 
  we 'll need decent arguments if we 're going to win over the crucial undecided voters who will decide the outcome of any referendum . 
  this sort of thing is just the ticket . 
  well , most of the bailouts have gone to the banks that foolishly lent to greece . 
  toilet would be quite an accurate description of them . 
  you could at least stop running all these rescue missions . 
  there 's really nothing that compels your country to send its navy to within a few miles of the libyan coast to find migrants and take them to europe . 
  if they 're willing to float these ideas when there 's a referendum on the horizon , just stop for a moment imagine what sort of shit they 'll try and pull against the uk if we just voted to remain in the eu . 
  they 'll treat it as carte blanche to completely screw us . 
   the eu was never meant to be a mere economical project . 
  people forget that in most of its history european nations were at war . 
  these days silly wars are something those crazies in the east do . 
  oh goodie , i was wondering how long it would be before someone suggested we 'd all be killing each other without the benevolent influence of the eu . 
  if political union was a guarantee against war , there would never be such a thing as civil wars . 
   the uk is not going to be leaving the eu . 
  eu support is at 66 % in the latest poll and its rising with every update . 
  public opinion is very volatile regarding eu withdrawal . 
  last year we regularly got polls suggesting a majority of people in favour of brexit . 
  [ plus only last month a poll showed a much narrower margin of 55-45 in favour of the uk remaining in the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.opinion.co.uk/perch/resources/europedata.pdf ) you only have to look at the scottish independence referendum campaign to see how gaps can narrow . 
  the eu campaign has n't even started yet . 
  maybe you 're right , but regardless of the reasons , he got it wrong and had to go . 
  i thought we 'd already made it clear on numerous occasions that we were n't going to have anything to do with this . 
  besides , it 's not a case of us refusing to take what 's assigned to us . 
  there are n't any binding quotas anyway , and even if there were they would n't apply to us . 
  italy has been instrumental in exacerbating the problem by insisting on running rescue missions ( often only a few miles from the libyan coast ) , so if anyone takes these migrants it should be them . 
  [ ahem ... ] ( http://i948.photobucket.com/albums/ad325/beermonsta72/anon/obvious-troll.jpg ), 
  must be why varoufakis had to go . 
  his game theory just did n't work out in the real world . 
  the guardian certainly has a very inflated view of its own importance , but i thought it was an interesting column . 
  i find it articulates what i 've heard from a lot of previously pro-eu left wingers in the uk . 
  the possible implications of such shifts in public opinion make it worth a read , regardless of your political persuasion . 
   what political power do 2000 refugees have to drive through these fundamental changes in immigration law ? 
  it 's the first 2000 . 
  then the next 2000 , and the next ...  forty years ago any citizen of the commonwealth could apply to be a british citizen , and we were doing our best to find people in to work in the factories and the textile mills . 
  it is absurd to make the connection with modern day poland . 
  in case you have n't noticed , all these problems associated with large scale immigration from foreign cultures are n't a purely british phenomenon . 
  these are problems that you 'll find all over western europe . 
  sure , call me paranoid if you like . 
  i imagine that when the first groups of immigrants came to european countries in the mid-20th century , there were people opposing the waves of immigration , warning that it could irrevocably alter the culture and character of their societies . 
  they were probably accused of paranoia too . 
  when the first european countries started to accept large scale immigration , it was all very new and nobody could really know for sure how it would turn out . 
  in the 21st century , all the poles need to do to is to look at western europe to see what awaits them . 
  it 's the thin end of the wedge . 
  once a foreign community starts to gain a toehold in your country , more will want to come . 
  those who are currently there will be pushing for family reunification and illegal immigrants will be more likely to come to a place that they have family connections to . 
  if the refugees are from more backward cultures , they 'll probably start wanting to bring in spouses from their home countries for arranged marriages . 
  the trickle can quickly become a flood . 
  i imagine that many poles do n't want to make the same mistakes that many western european countries have made . 
  it 's not like poland needs any of these people . 
   yes , they cater to their needs but they are n't nearly closed enough . 
  hundreds of thousands of refugees have left the camps illegally and now they are living on the streets of major cities . 
  in istanbul , there is a syrian beggar on every intersection . 
  interesting . 
  if my country were to host such camps , i would only want it on condition that security was tight . 
  with razor wire if necessary . 
  put their dna and fingerprints in a database beforehand . 
  if they 're caught absconding from the camps , imprison them . 
  if they want protection , that 's fine , but it should be made clear that there are consequences if they do n't behave themselves properly . 
  the languages of the british isles are inaccurate in this map . 
  welsh and irish are definitely not as widespread as first languages as the map suggests . 
  the problem with that idea is that they 'll still be living among the host community , which will give them more ties to the host country . 
  this will especially be the case for families with very young children , who will attend school alongside local children and grow up knowing only the host country . 
  or those who start relationships with european citizens . 
  that would make it much more difficult to send them back once the war is over , especially in a protracted refugee situation . 
  expect anti-deportation campaigns springing up , focusing on the cruelty of uprooting children from the only society they 've ever known . 
  closed camps would prevent this . 
  do it along the lines of the turkish container camps , which have done an exemplary job in catering for the all needs of their residents . 
  if you house them in `` little syria '' camps , it would make returning them to their homeland so much easier . 
  before we get too excited about the meeting the nato two percent target , [ read this . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08e9e07a-c746-11e4-8e1f-00144feab7de.html ) seems like the british government has been trying to count things like intelligence spending and war pensions to help boost the figure . 
  i would n't take the government 's figures at face value . 
  it never ceases to appall me how utterly servile this country can act . 
   then i began to wonder , why is it british schools did a minutes-silence on 9/11 - but nothing on 7/7 ? 
   all a bit odd . 
  especially when you consider how americans were merrily funding the ira for decades . 
   it was meant that there should be at least the possibility for every child or teenager to get an experience like erasmus even if there parents has not the ability to do so or the child will not be a student at a university . 
  fair enough then . 
  if it was purely optional , that would be fine . 
  but i do think that are better uses of public money . 
  my apologies if i came across as overly aggressive . 
  a couple of differences here . 
  compulsory military service could have been argued under military necessity . 
  less so now with modern , high-tech armies , but ensuring the nation is defended it a pretty important thing . 
  also , military service tended to happen at 18 or older , unlike 16 as with this stupid idea . 
  it 's not a case of having to choose between compulsory military service and sending kids to a foreign country for a year . 
  we can opt for neither and just leave people alone and carry on as we are now . 
  hardly a difficult thing to do . 
   i think they 'd hate it , i know i 'd have hated it .
