  if i held a `` referendum '' in my garden shed then it would n't make a difference if i won it . 
  because it would have exactly the same legal standing as the catalan one : none whatsoever . 
   what 's the difference ? 
  the difference is that many people on this sub acted like spurned lovers when the brexit result came in . 
   because they are the ones who 'll end up paying ? 
  we were only paying them to launch our satellites into space . 
  the economic viability of the space shuttle program was n't of any concern to us . 
  if i paid a haulage company to move some of my goods , then they went bankrupt , it would n't be of any concern to me . 
  i 'd just start using a different haulage company . 
   blowing up people is generally more frowned upon than blowing up a sattelite . 
  it 's up to the americans if they want to put their own astronauts in danger . 
  our only consideration was putting our satellites into space . 
  it 's just the `` journalists '' from the independent up to their usual clickbait tricks . 
  well done , you managed to shoehorn brexit into a completely unrelated thread . 
  are n't you the clever one ? 
  hmmm , i do n't recall doing that . 
  i think that it 's in very poor taste to use previous generations as an excuse to virtue signal and push your political narrative . 
  i could probably find a way of using my own family history as a crowbar to bludgeon my political opponents , but i like to think that we should just focus on the issues at hand . 
  better that than resort to a series of overly emotive , mawkish anecdotes that bear no relevance to the matter at hand . 
  verhofstadt will use asbolutely everything to justify his fanatical devotion to the eu . 
  to him , absolutely every problem that europe faces and has faced justifies his quest to grab more powers for the eu . 
   are we supposed to just let it happen ? 
  yes , that 's exactly what we should be doing . 
  because the alternative of empowering governments to censor news that they deem fake would set a very dangerous precedent . 
  it would be incredibly naive to imagine that governments would n't use these powers to censor news that it politically inconventient to them . 
  there are no easy answers to this . 
  it does n't help when our governments are so untrustworthy . 
  the only thing that they can do is try to win back trust . 
  that will take time and political will . 
  of course , it 's much easier for them to shriek about `` fake news '' than it is for them to make any substantial changes . 
  i looked into it and it would definitely cost me more to heat and cook with electricity than gas . 
  so verhofstadt 's solution to a european problem is to give more powers to the eu ? 
  i 'm utterly shocked . 
  the whole `` fake news '' thing just seems like a whole load of manufactured outrage . 
  is there fake stuff on the internet ? 
  sure , but then that 's always been the case , and i 've been using the internet for pretty much my whole life . 
  i suspect that this is more a case of governments and the traditional press panicking because they 're finding that they ca n't control the political narrative any more . 
  that would be a total waste of time . 
  the sort of people who are susceptible to these `` fake news '' stories are hardly going to believe the the german government . 
   is it the spanish government 's job to ensure that the scots do n't get what they want then ? 
  it 's not the spanish government 's responsibility to consider scotland at all . 
  it 's the spanish government 's responsibility to defend its country 's national interests . 
  whether or not that 's good for scotland ( or , more accurately , the scottish government and independence movement ) is irrelevant to spanish government concerns . 
  i think that it would have the effect of deterring chancers from trying their luck in future . 
  sure . 
  i 'm not at all complaining that reddit is skewed towards that particular demographic . 
  it would be very difficult for that not to be the case on a site like this . 
  the problem is when everyone becomes completely lacking in self-awareness and incapable of recognising when they 're in a bubble . 
  then they 're all completely shocked when the tories win or we vote to leave the eu . 
  i would n't say that r/ukpolitics is a completely accurate representation of the wider population . 
  no website could ever be . 
  however , it is much less of a circlejerk than r/unitedkingdom . 
  during the last general election , the results in the mock election were certainly much closer to the actual result in the former than it was in the latter . 
  in r/unitedkingdom , the result was a labour win with greens as the main opposition . 
  that tells you everything you need to know about the place . 
  sounds like it 's the german equivalent of r/unitedkingdom . 
  then he should have been imprisoned until he could be deported . 
   what annoys me are the people giving up on european ideals rather than trying to fix the union . 
  you ca n't give up on something if you never believed in it in the first place . 
   is n't that what the anti eu people did ? 
  i ca n't speak for all leave supporters , but no , many of us did n't . 
  i was n't alive during the first referendum and even my parents were n't old enough to vote . 
  once we 've left the eu , any pro-eu people are free to campaign for us to rejoin . 
  pretty much . 
  see all the us celebs who promised they would move to canada if trump won . 
  they 've all gone rather quiet . 
  whoops , i guess that does n't chime with the narrative that some remainers like to put forward that all of us leave supporters are regretful of our decision . 
  do n't confuse acquiescence with agreement . 
   i wish scotland had got independence and joined the eu so i could skip over the border and become scottish . 
  :( you can go to ireland right now if you want . 
  you have the full legal right to move there and it 's the perfect place for any english eu supporter . 
  it is very supportive of the eu , yet it is english speaking , drives on the left , has a common law legal system and even has the same plug sockets . 
  so it really is a perfect fit . 
  of course , you 're not going to move there , just as you would n't be moving to scotland if it became independent . 
  because if there 's one thing i 've learned about people who say `` i 'll leave because of < referendum result  ! '', 
  or `` i 'll leave because < political party  has won !, 
  '' , it 's that they never actually follow through . 
  instead they just sit around complaining about how unfair it all is . 
  good point . 
  she 's far more poisonous than corbyn , who at least manages to come across as a pleasant , harmless crank . 
   would bernie sanders be a closer american equivalent ? 
  only up to a point . 
  corbyn is way , way further out of the political mainstream than sanders ever was . 
  i do n't think that will work . 
  [ this tweet said it best . 
  ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/edwest/status/809721647594897408 ), 
  i doubt that jeremy corbyn even expects jeremy corbyn to become prime minister . 
  trump is a very different kind of politician to corbyn . 
  you might be able to describe them as outsiders , but that is where the similarity ends . 
  trump was able to tap into popular rage . 
  corbyn only comes across as a crank . 
   i wish people would stop repeating this mantra without explaining what supposed alternative would make labour successful . 
  `` success '' is all relative . 
  labour are certainly going to lose the next election regardless of who their leader is , but there are different levels of defeat . 
  i ca n't think of anyone who could lead labour to a more disastrous defeat than corbyn . 
  they could dig up michael foot 's corpse and appoint him as leader and he 'd probably do a better job . 
  we 'll leave whenever we please . 
  it 's entierly our decision and we 'll do it at our own convenience . 
  what makes you think that the people reading the headlines would know what the populations of the netherlands and germany are ? 
  it would be shoddy journalism to make that assumption .
