  giving people the financial means to emigrate will make the flow even greater . 
   on the contrary , people will often go back to poor countries when the growth rate is good . 
  my ex is nigerian , and she keeps complaining that more and more of her friends keeps moving back to nigeria ( from the uk ) because they 've seen the growth taking place , for example . 
  i 'm aware of some of the nigerian diaspora who go the other way , but they are only going to be a very small part of the flow of people around the world . 
  the handful of people who move to poorer countries will be a drop in the ocean compared to the people moving from poor countries to rich ones . 
   in any case , nigeria is well placed to start overtaking some of the poorest european countries in the next two decades at current growth rates . 
  only if current growth rates continue , and that 's one very big `` if '' . 
  i 've heard the mayor of calais blaming the uk for creating the conditions which attract the migrants and i think she has a point . 
  this is why i think that the british government should operate a policy of deterrence to ensure that migrants do n't even want to come here . 
  i think that a better solution for the uk would be to deter illegal immigrants from entering the uk , by cracking down on access to public services , housing , employment , etc. 
  if you ensure that they face standards of living that are on a par with sub-saharan africa ( only colder ) then they wo n't even want to come here in the first place . 
  that could actually make the situation worse . 
  even with their relatively rapid growth , these countries wo n't be reaching european standards of living any time soon . 
  but they 'll have a little more money , and that 's money that they can use to pay people traffickers . 
  bear in mind that the people moving across borders are n't the poorest in the world . 
  the poorest of the poor are unable to go anywhere . 
  economic growth in west africa could help facilitate movement on a larger scale than ever before . 
   so those countries are so shit they have literally no hope , which you basically just admitted , and you want to deny them any right to live somewhere else ? 
  time for us to drop the messiah complex . 
  we ca n't save the world . 
  the best we can hope for is to preserve a decent lifestyle and standard of living in our own countries . 
  even that will be difficult enough . 
  the poor and conflict-ridden parts of the world ca n't be saved , no matter how much we try . 
  we can only make sure that they do n't drag us down with them . 
  it could withdraw , but of course we all know that it wo n't . 
  saner countries might , though . 
  the danish prime minister has floated the prospect . 
  some countries avoided all this trouble by not signing up in the first place . 
  it 's never too late . 
   no it is not but changing the geneva convention is not easy withdrawing from it is . 
   i feel like people , who demand a deportation of criminal refugees decided to stop thinking halfway trough their argument . 
  i support the deportation of criminal refugees . 
  i 've thought it through completely to its ultimate conclusion , thank you very much . 
   its like they do n't care what will happen to these criminals after they get deported to their home countries . 
  er , yes . 
  that 's absolutely correct . 
  so what ? 
   syria or other similar states do not have the capacity to deal with these criminals . 
  some armed faction could deal him in an informal manner . 
  a bullet to the head is quite simple and effective . 
  whatever the case , it would n't be our problem . 
   sending rapists to another country so the women there will be molested and not here is not an option of course it 's an option . 
  our governments are responsible for protecting their own citizens . 
  it is n't their job to worry about what a foreign national does in his home country . 
  deporting him ends any threat to the citizens of the country . 
  that is the sole concern . 
  there 's also the problem of deep divisions on the eu issue within the ruling conservative party . 
  cameron and many of his top team want the uk to stay in the eu , but most of the mps and party members want to leave . 
  given such divisions , cameron has effectively been forced by his own side into holding a referendum . 
  if it was all up to him he would n't have bothered . 
   the eu can not solve problems because it does not have the power to , what makes you think that they would be any good at solving problems if they were given the powers to do so ? 
  going by their track record , i would imagine that they would be more of a source of problems than a source of solutions . 
  [ he also seems to think that iran is a beacon of civilisation compared to the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/commentators/darius-guppy-here-in-iran-we-look-with-horror-at-the-country-that-britain-has-become-1769001.html ) though not quite to the extent that he 's willing to live there . 
  ascension island would be better . 
  it 's in the atlantic so much closer than the biot , but still very close to the equator . 
   * us could also disable guidance systems rendering them useless . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  it 's completely impossible . 
  trident missiles do n't even require gps . 
  they 're capable of using gps to assist in guidance , but the main guidance system is ( like in all comparable missiles ) an inertial one that uses gyroscopes and celestial observations . 
  it is n't a cruise missile , it 's an icbm . 
  that 's a completely different thing . 
  anybody who repeats this `` the us can turn off the missiles '' is just showing off how utterly ignorant they are on anything military related . 
  the people who design these missiles are n't idiots , you know . 
  they 're all too aware that satellites can be shot down so they 're not going to design such important missiles in a way that allows them to be disabled so easily . 
  [ there was even a freedom of information request on the issue . 
  ] ( https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/no-america-doesnt-control-britains-nuclear-weapons/ ), 
  i could n't comment on the legal systems of other european countries , but i would imagine that it varies from country to country . 
  that is especially the case with the english legal system , which is based on common law . 
  in that respect it much more closely resembles the us legal system than any in mainland europe . 
  with regards to the question , i elect to take the cop-out route and say `` it depends on the situation '' . 
  i 've only ever heard that from americans . 
  we would n't have it any other way . 
  as soon as the cheque from normandy clears . 
  or the one from rome . 
  got ta love vimeo and dailymotion . 
  i always make sure i check there for something if i ca n't find it on youtube . 
  it seems that copyright holders do n't consider them worth the effort of issuing takedown notices . 
  well , you 've certainly succeeded in making want to visit georgia . 
  i knew that the place has a very interesting culture and history , but i never knew it had such breathtakingly beautiful landscapes . 
  you 're correct that the current crisis is not entirely unique , but i think that the effects on europe are . 
  around the time of the 1951 convention , the iron curtain was coming into existence . 
  it almost entirely prevented the large scale movements of people for decades . 
  it 's the numbers of people moving and the effect that it will all have on europe ( given that they mostly wo n't be returning home , regardless of what some people might say ) that is entirely unprecedented . 
  if germany really wants to improve the eu 's defences , they do n't need to resort to grandiose eu projects . 
  they could easily just start spending real amounts on their own military . 
  the amount they currently spend is utterly pitiful , both in absolute terms and as a percentage of their gdp . 
  germany spends far less than the uk and france despite being in a better financial position . 
  if the german government is truly serious about bolstering eu defence then they should double their military budget . 
  that would put them in line with the uk and france . 
  though i suspect that this idea has more to do with building a federal eu than any defensive necessity . 
  a review of the 1951 convention is long overdue . 
  some people seem to think that we should treat the convention as if it 's an edict delivered from the heavens on stone tablets . 
  that needs to change . 
  it was made for a very different world to the one that exists today . 
  i really wish that the government would just deport him . 
  in what way is it not free ? 
  you have different newspapers that reflect different political stances . 
  all of them are free to operate with virtually no interference from the state .
