  as you have every right to . 
  i was just trying to discourage you from losing faith in your own country . 
  the eu wo n't be a wonderland . 
  this is why european countries should be a lot more picky when it comes to what refugees they admit . 
  fleeing persecution should n't be an automatic ticket for protection any more . 
  if someone 's a christian or secularist fleeing genuine religious persecution , that is acceptable . 
  if the person is , for example , a member of the muslim brotherhood fleeing egypt or a member of the islamic movement of uzbekistan fleeing the uzbek authorities , they should be immediately deported to their home country . 
  regardless of whatever treatment they might face . 
  i 've not seen any indication that snowden would n't get a fair trial . 
  just because the trial might come to a verdict that snowden 's fanboys disagree with does n't mean that the trial is necessarily unfair . 
  he 's a us citizen and has been charged . 
  he faces a trial under all the guarantees of the us constitution and the us will be under a great deal of international scrutiny to ensure the trial is above board . 
  given that he 's admitted leaking all these secrets , an espionage conviction seems like it would be legally sound . 
  anyway , what 's the council of europe doing getting involved ? 
  this would be a us citizen being tried by his country 's legal system . 
  nothing to do with anyone in europe . 
  do you really think that other european countries are totally different ? 
  take your idea of moving to germany . 
  do you think the germans have such an impeccable record on european solidarity ? 
  they might talk the talk , but their conduct regarding greece suggests otherwise . 
  they clearly do n't consider themselves to have obligations to the greeks in the way they do to their countrymen . 
  as for being us isolated politically and economically , that would be the case within the eu . 
  previous experience suggests that the rest of the eu is n't going to have even the tiniest regard for british interests and the idea that they ever would is completely laughable . 
  they would just screw us completely and we would n't be able to stop them . 
  talk of european solidarity is just empty rhetoric . 
  better to recognise reality and forget about utopian ideas . 
  there are very few people who care about what the lib dems have to say on any subject any more . 
  they 're an utterly pathetic , marginal party with as many mps as the democratic unionists in northern ireland . 
  you might as well ask the greens or britain first what their drugs policies are , they have about as much chance of enacting them . 
   this is why i do n't feel particularly british . 
  it seems british people are only allowed to have views ranging from `` pure vilification '' to `` tolerate '' when it comes to the eu . 
  of course you 're allowed to speak in favour of an eu superstate . 
  just as you 're allowed to speak in favour of maoism , or a green party organic utopia . 
  people will think you 're a bit of a loon , but that 's about it . 
  that your political beliefs are on the margins and considered eccentric is just something you 'll have to deal with . 
  it 's highly unlikely that there 's going to any sudden blossoming of love in the uk for the eu . 
  more likely the opposite . 
  we do , but i do n't trust the french to be really interested in stopping these people from sneaking into the uk . 
  i know i would n't be if i was a french police officer . 
  shame we do n't still have calais . 
  we could build a great big fence or wall around it and make it much easier to keep people out . 
   if they were to tear up that treaty we could n't stop them just letting anyone on the boats/euro-tunnel that buys a ticket . 
  our boarder would be in dover . 
  so they 'd make it to the uk and then regardless of if we let them in or not , they 're then our problem . 
  if france does that , we should refuse entry to all passenger trains and ferries . 
  if the french are n't going to let us check who comes into the country , we should restrict passenger traffic to airports where we can perform those checks . 
  hate to be a pedant , but it 's spelled `` borders '' . 
  they have every right to leave france . 
  they 've always had the right to . 
  it 's entering the uk that they have no right to do . 
  there 's effectively a limitless supply of refugees . 
  us letting a load more in wo n't help sweden . 
  besides , the swedes only have themselves to blame for their situation . 
  no point in demanding that we engage in the same stupidity . 
  i 'd rather we not take any in . 
  they 'll only cause us problems in the long run . 
  if that approach failed , they could always have objected to the song on the grounds of it being a load of simplistic , cretinous drivel . 
  it 's funny how the uk has always been castigated by eu enthusiasts for its lack of solidarity . 
  yet when it all comes down to it , it 's every country for itself . 
  even if it means going as far as breaking international treaties . 
  maybe we 're just the honest ones ? 
  better to make it clear from the very beginning that you will guard your national interests rather than making such lofty commitments of solidarity , only to renege on them when it 's convenient . 
   ** migrants embark on perilous journeys because they do n't understand the risks **  research has consistently found that migrants are usually well-informed about the dangers of a particular route , but view the expected benefits of reaching their destination as worth the risks . 
  the mpi report notes that people are generally not very good at calculating risk and migrants have the same tendency as the rest of us to underestimate immediate dangers when they are focused on realising a longer-term goal . 
  wait , you mean they 're not actually a bunch of idiotic overgrown children who just ca n't understand what they 're letting themselves in for ? 
  well , what a surprise !, 
  / s if you want to stop these people , you have to ensure that the risks greatly outweigh the possible benefits . 
  start by refusing to rescue migrant boats . 
  these migrants deliberately put themselves in this situation in a deliberate attempt to impose themselves on our societies , so there certainly should n't be any guilt on our part . 
  turkey has repeatedly elected a government that always likes to be seen beating its chest over its islamic credentials . 
  erdogan has often come out in support of the arab palestinians , for example . 
  or supporting the muslim brotherhood in egypt . 
  so surely turkey should have no problem with hosting syrian arabs in need ? 
  i 'm sure a pious muslim like erdogan would n't want his coreligionists to be exposed to all the immoral influences that come with living amongst the fornicating infidels in the west . 
  this is the problem with many of you germans . 
  you 're living with such a guilt trip over the nazis that you 're unwilling to take action when it 's really needed . 
  look , they 're not even your people . 
  they should n't even be there , much less make demands on your society . 
  all you 'd be doing is helpfully suggesting that they move on to greener pastures . 
  it 's hardly herding them into gas chambers . 
  they loudly demand these rights ( laughably talking about their birthrights ) because they know that they wo n't be sent a strong message in response . 
  the most appropriate reply to their demands would be sent by a large group of police in full riot gear to help remind them of just how many rights they really have . 
  sometimes it takes the extra special touch of a group of riot police to help impress on people of the importance of heeding your message . 
  british gypsies tend to be of the `` irish traveler '' variety . 
  culturally and ethnically they 're very distinct to the roma gypsies that you find throughout continental europe . 
  though i do n't think you 'll find many people with anything good to say about either variety of gypsy . 
   compared to present day values or the values of his time ? 
  compared to present day values . 
  he had all the men of a tribe killed and the women and children enslaved . 
  though i understand that such actions were n't anything out of the ordinary in that area and in that era . 
  if would be good if muslims picked out the more positive aspects of mohammed 's leadership and discard the undesirable ones ( such as genocide and enslavement ) . 
  the problem is that muslims do n't feel that there were any undesirable aspects of mohammed 's leadership . 
  it would be better if muslims viewed him as being merely a product of his time . 
  the real problem is that muslims view him ( and all other prophets ) as completely infallible . 
  in fact , they view him as being the last perfect human being to ever have lived , and view his life and teachings as an example for all of mankind to follow , no matter what country or era they live in . 
  i hope that you can see the problems that can arise when significant numbers of people view such a man 's teachings as being an infallible guide for all aspects of life , both personal and political . 
  and thank you for taking this in a very calm and diplomatic manner . 
  i apologise if i came across as overly aggressive and confrontational , but i felt that it would better to put my views across in a firm manner . 
  i 'd say that calling for the execution of apostates goes way , way beyond being `` deeply conservative '' . 
  someone who supports that is a barbarian who is unfit to live in a civilised society .
