  absolutely 100 % in agreement . 
  as long as migrants can be reasonably confident of staying in europe once they get there , they 'll continue to come . 
  no amount of border policing will stop that . 
  you have to address the pull factors . 
  eliminate the incentives and the flow will stop . 
  i agree that we need to look at the refugee convention , too . 
  an international convention made at a time when the iron curtain had just came into existence is not necessarily appropriate for the 21st century . 
  the turkish government 's first and foremost duty is to protect its own population . 
  same with any government . 
  it will be interesting to see if such an approach ends up contravening eu law . 
  [ there are already doubts over scotland 's proposed minimum alcohol pricing . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-34133269 ) i really hate this kind of nanny state mentality . 
  what 's racist about wanting to subject a white european to the same immigration restrictions that already apply to black africans ? 
  i do n't know why you 'd ever consider listening to the pope on any issue , ever . 
  `` saudi must stop financing fundamentalist mosques abroad '' . 
  oh , must they now ? 
  or else what ? 
  what exactly are you people going to do about this ? 
  very little other than whinge for the press to make it look like you 're doing something about it . 
  if i were a saudi financier of salafi mosques , i would n't be particularly worried right now . 
  well , of course . 
  eu states ca n't even keep people from crossing their borders . 
  what hope do they have in keeping small arms out ? 
   some are citizens , you know . 
  oh , i know that . 
  that 's the problem . 
  i was just musing on whether or not they might be happier in a more genuinely islamic environment . 
  like rural pakistan . 
  there are ways of stripping naturalised citizens of their citizenship , you know . 
  the uk has done it to people who have ties to extremist groups , after their presence in the country was deemed to be `` not conducive to the public good '' . 
  it might be a good idea for our home secretary to look at some of these sharia judges . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  regardless of any opinions on him , i figure that if he can manage to manipulate his way to his current position then he ca n't be entirely stupid . 
  giving up our national sovereignty would n't do a damn thing to solve the migration crisis . 
  do you honestly think that the people running the eu ( who would just love for the eu to become a federal superstate ) would be willing to take the sort of decisive action necessary to stop the flow of people across europe 's borders ? 
  they 'd be as bad as merkel . 
  as soon as these people managed to cross the border , the eu would just start throwing money at them . 
  our weakness is because we 're too generous . 
  a federal europe would n't stop that . 
  if anything , they could end up making the situation worse , depending on what policy they took . 
  if european countries want to stop the flow of migrants , they need to focus on deterrence . 
  they need to make sure that the standards of living awaiting them in the eu are as bad as ( or worse than ) turkey . 
  once that happens they wo n't even want to come here . 
  and once they no longer want to come here , turkey will have no leverage . 
  yeah , if we do n't open our borders then we could become a real third world hellhole like japan . 
  i think that we could compete with turkey if we really put our minds to it . 
  it 's not a medieval legislative system . 
  it 's not any kind of legislative system . 
  the rulings of these `` courts '' have no legal standing under uk law . 
  you 're asking the wrong question . 
  this is n't something that the people in power just decided to create . 
  it 's something that has organically developed in the communities that they serve . 
  they 're informal bodies and their rulings are not legally binding . 
  if someone wished to ignore its ruling then they could do just that . 
  the only people who are victims of its rulings are those who choose to be its victims . 
  the question i would rather ask is `` why are the people who serve as judges in these ` courts ' or seek its rulings even in this country ? '', 
  this . 
  erdogan might be a strutting demagogue but he 's not just some idiot . 
  he has spotted europe 's obvious weakness on this issue and has decided to take advantage of it . 
  he knows that european leaders are so crippled by `` humanitarianism '' that they feel obligated to allow full access to public services and welfare payments to everyone who manages to sneak into their countries , so all he has to do is use the threat of opening to borders to extract whatever concessions he pleases . 
  if europe grew a spine and took every measure necessary to make this continent the most unattractive place possible for migrants , erdogan would n't be able to do this . 
  the migrants would either stay in turkey or go elsewhere . 
   but what we could do ( if frontex had more money ) is deport them back to where they came from ... 
  assuming you know where they came from . 
  which will be difficult , considering that they often destroy their documents . 
  once that happens , it can be impossible to send people back . 
  even if you establish where they ( probably ) came from , their government will deny any responsibility for them . 
   back in the berlin wall times ( determined ) people were still able to escape . 
  not many . 
   the reality of what refugees encounter is already quite bad - sitting in huge refugee camps like tempelhof but is it worse than sitting in refugee camps in turkey or lebanon ? 
  everything is relative . 
  conditions that you or i might find very unpleasant could be a major step up for many people in the world . 
  as long as the conditions are better , they will send the word back home to their families to make the journey . 
  it 's futile for as long as eu states continue giving incentives to migrants . 
  as long as the promised land awaits in europe , they 'll keep coming . 
  measures like this are only a way for european politicians to pretend that they 're doing something about it . 
  sensible decision . 
  the london olympics was a total waste of money . 
  there are so many better things that a country or city could spend money on than an overblown sports event . 
   rather than making silly things like religion or calculus mandatory in school , we ought to make `` getting passionate about current events '' mandatory instead . 
  i doubt that would work . 
  at least not in the uk . 
  politics is treated very differently . 
  you have to be careful when trying to bring up politics ( or religion ) in a conversation here . 
  it can be seen as a social * faux pas * , especially if you 're seen as being a little strident . 
  i do n't think that teaching it in school would help . 
  students would become adept as answering the necessary questions to meet the required grade . 
  they 'd treat it with the same lack of interest as they do with any other subject . 
   the uk is also becoming more and more restrained on the world stage . 
  it 's the iraq hangover . 
  there 's very little appetite for intervention in the uk any more . 
  the british public will be able to be persuaded to drop a few bombs on isis heads , but i doubt that they could be persuaded for any more . 
  as for europe , i think the dominant sentiment is `` please , just leave us alone !, 
  it 's not all that improbable . 
  i 'm the political obsessive in my family . 
  my sister once asked me what the eu was . 
  she heard of something called the eu but did n't know even the first thing about it . 
  she 's not an idiot , either . 
  she has a first-class honours degree from a top university in english literature . 
   nooo , that 's on the fact that we had 3-4 years to get our shit together on funding refugee camps in turkey and lebanon and we pretty much did n't do it .
