  i liked where i was as a teenager . 
  i liked being at home and around my family and friends like a normal human being . 
  no way would i have wanted to spend a year with a bunch of strangers in a foreign country living in shitty conditions with no privacy . 
  what a ridiculous idea . 
  do you have any idea how much that would cost ? 
  and make them go ? 
  what if they do n't want to ? 
  i know i would n't have wanted to spend a year abroad as a teenager . 
  who the hell do you think you are to tell people that they should be forced to do things like this ? 
  not just polish or croatian families , there are loads of families in my own country who could never afford that . 
  ridiculous idea . 
  very few people of any political persuasion would see the european union as a federal state in its current incarnation . 
  but that is the ultimate aim for many pro-eu people , so surely we can call those people european nationalists ? 
  are n't those who want to create a unified european state european nationalists ? 
  or does that not count ? 
  i can imagine that sending a bunch of cosseted middle class students on a taxpayer-funded jolly around europe is a great way of inculcating the superiority complex and sense of smug self-entitlement that characterises our eu elite . 
  got ta get them feeding from the trough nice and early !, 
  a lot of european countries already have military police forces that enforce civilian law . 
  the french gendarmerie , italian carabinieri or the spanish guardia civil are examples . 
  they could simply bolster and expand their capabilities without needing to change any laws . 
   italy ( among others ) do not have the resources to handle all of them , funny how they do seem to have the resources to run widespread rescue missions ( sometimes within a few miles of the libyan coast ) specifically to rescue these people . 
   and since the rest of europe is not willing to show solidarity with italy , they 're the ones who are helping create this problem by insisting on the rescue missions . 
  if they want to play at being the great humanitarians , they should take all the migrants . 
   and seeing as we can not send them back or let them drown on the open seas , we 're kind of stock with them until things cool down over there . 
  i do n't see why it should be an obligation of any state to provide rescue patrols just in case someone decides to board a leaky boat and demand entry to their country . 
  if they decide to take such extreme risks , any consequences are on them . 
  the uk has been doing it for a few years now . 
  [ here 's one case . 
  ] ( https://www.thebureauinvestigates.com/2015/03/25/supreme-court-backs-theresa-may-al-qaeda-inspire-minh-pham-strip-uk-citizenship/ ) [ here 's another ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/mahdi-hashi-guilty-of-supporting-alshabaab--but-was-his-plea-coerced-10254530.html ) . 
  [ and another . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/11278517/theresa-may-cancels-familys-british-citizenship.html ), 
  i 'd say that so recognising this lowlife as a citizen is the only thing that was demeaning what it means to be a danish citizen . 
  fortunately the danes have rectified that . 
  a few points to consider : 1 ) british voices of any description ( and she counts as a british voice whether she likes it or not ) are n't particularly significant in this issue . 
  the uk is n't in the euro , so we can only be spectators on this one . 
  2 ) nicola sturgeon is n't really a `` european leader '' comparable to others so this is n't exactly a significant intervention . 
  she 's head of a devolved administration . 
  her standing is more comparable to the mayor of london or the minister-president of bavaria , both of whom are responsible for much larger populations . 
  that 's not to say that the views of any of these people should be automatically ignored , but it 's incorrect to describe it as `` breaking rank '' as that implies that sturgeon was of any significant rank to begin with . 
  3 ) bear in mind that the source is a laughably biased joke . 
  another one of these crowd funded `` news '' websites that sprung up in the wake of the scottish independence referendum . 
  this is just the umpteen-millionth article of adoration of nicola sturgeon . 
  if the catholic church has been defrauding the state , the individuals responsible need to go to prison . 
  of course , they 're going to deny it . 
  intelligence agencies deny everything . 
  it 's what intelligence agencies do . 
  they engage in economic espionage too . 
  it 's one of the main roles of intelligence agencies . 
  honestly , i 'd be pissed if gchq was n't engaging in economic espionage . 
  it 's one of the most basic things i 'd expect of them . 
   if a boat departs from african coast , there 's nothing stopping it . 
  since the boats are huge pieces of shit , it 's better to rescue them as soon as possible then wait until they break down close to italian soil . 
  they boats often do n't get as far as italy . 
  the shipwreck that happened in april that killed over 700 migrants was only 60 miles ( 96 km ) off the libyan coast . 
  the closest piece of italy was lampedusa , but that was at double the distance of 120 miles ( 193 km ) away . 
  these boats are very often incapable of even getting anywhere near italy . 
  i would n't make too much out of this . 
  the chechen jihadists of the self-proclaimed caucasus emirate are only a shadow of their former selves . 
  they 've suffered numerous deaths among their leadership at the hands of russian special forces and their most effective fighters are mostly out in syria now anyway . 
  the pledge of allegiance by chechen jihadists to the islamic state is just an attempt for them to remain relevant . 
   so you think that we should ignore fair trial concerns to help militaristic regimes to torture and execute the opposition in their countries ? 
  i 'm not saying that we should set out to help their countries torture and execute them . 
  we would take no position on that , and whether or not that individual should be tortured would be a matter for their government . 
  but should be ignore any human rights concerns ? 
  you betcha !, 
  alternatively , you set about making life so utterly unbearable for illegal immigrants that they do n't dare set foot in your country . 
  to support a population , you need more land than merely what you live on . 
  you need farmland . 
  obviously you can import food , but it 's not a good idea to be at the mercy of international markets . 
  plus we might want a bit of woodland left . 
  even if we could cram more people in , do we really want to ? 
  happy to help . 
  * [ abu qatada , who could only be deported to jordan after we went to ridiculous lengths to ensure that he would get a fair trial ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-23213740 ) * [ yasser al-sirri , convicted and sentenced to death in absentia in egypt . 
  can not be deported from the uk as he faces torture and execution in his home country ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/9693489/qatada-associate-will-stay-in-uk-court-signals.html ) * [ mohammad_al-massari , saudi `` dissident '' ( read : extremist ) , given asylum in the uk . 
  can not be sent to saudi arabia due to the usual concerns about being mistreated . 
  he 's still here . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4191396.stm ) i 'm sure i could find other examples too . 
  you 're asking the question `` can we let these people into our country '' , when the question we should really be asking is `` do we want to ? '', 
  the usa has vast tracts of land . 
  we do n't . 
   so we should send people that are fleeing oppression and might face torture or exectution etc. 
  back to that those places they are fleeing from ? 
  not all of them , but certainly some of them . 
  i do n't see why any of us should have a duty to protect islamists from facing the music in their home countries . 
   but it seems to go against what i thought were european principles to do that kinda thing : / if european principles demand that you protect those who are utterly hostile to your entire civilisation , then i 'm happy to go against them . 
  besides , `` european principles '' or `` european values '' are entirely meaningless terms . 
  the peoples of europe have never been consulted on what they see as their values . 
  they 've never been consulted on whether or not they should have a duty to protect everybody who enters their countries . 
  these values are whatever you want them to be . 
  it 's utterly absurd that we 've got to a section of the population for whom an anti-isis curriculum is even considered necessary . 
  tl ; dr version : italian prime minister matteo renzi says that europe faces losing its values and civilisation if we do n't find a strategy for dealing with migrants . 
  ca n't let people drown , saving a single life is more important than my political standing . 
  we must not put up `` walls of indifference '' to these people , blah blah blah . 
  no doubt his strategy involves opening the doors even more . 
  no better way to defend european civilisation than to allow a mass influx of people from utterly alien cultures , apparently . 
  i certainly think that those who are known to hold ideologies that are hostile to the west should be automatically barred . 
  if someone has belonged to a group like the muslim brotherhood they should be barred from ever living in a european country . 
  same if they 've ever come out in support of theocratic governance . 
  it 's time that western countries stopped considering it their responsibility to protect absolutely everyone from persecution . 
  some people bring it on themselves .
