  that is the essence of a free press . 
  there are falsehoods on both sides of any campaign . 
  i 'd rather put up with it than have a body that decides what forms of dicourse are acceptable . 
  that idea is outright totalitarian . 
  it 's definitely a bad thing for that to happen . 
  even if domestic users manage to avoid power shortages , it 's really not good for the economy when companies have to reduce their consumption . 
  a reliable electricity supply is essential for a modern , developed economy . 
  i 'm a strong supporter of nuclear power . 
  it 's clean , safe and it helps reduce our dependence on energy suppliers like russia . 
  i 'm glad that the uk will be building a new generation of nuclear power stations . 
  it 's something that we should have got started on a couple of decades ago . 
  you do get some environmentalist types and drama queens who oppose it , but it 's been relatively uncontroversial . 
  still , it 's a shame we 're having to do it with chinese money . 
  my ideal would be for state owned nuclear power stations to provide electricity for the country at the cheapest possible price . 
  french electricity prices are some of the cheapest in europe thanks to nuclear energy . 
  maintaining dominance was easier back then . 
  if you had a rebellion , you sent our your army to slaughter the population and enslave the survivors . 
  it will be much more difficult to push a european superstate on people in the modern era when you ca n't use the old methods . 
  only byproducts of cheese making , fortunately . 
  would n't want to waste any of that delicious , cheesy goodness . 
  this is what a lot of people on this subreddit do n't seem to realise : cameron is n't anti-eu . 
  when he 's trying to argue for reforms of the eu , he 's not arguing from an anti-eu perspective . 
  he 's completely pro-eu and he only agreed to a referendum on eu membership because he 's been backed into a corner . 
  if it was purely up to him then there would n't even be a referendum . 
  of course , that fact completely undermines any hope of him gaining anything more than a few cosmetic reforms . 
  that will become very obvious as he tries to sell those few paltry reforms in order to beg the british people to stay in the eu . 
  to be honest , i find this all a load of fuss over nothing . 
  student politics and debating has always been a shitfest that is n't worth bothering with . 
  when i was at university i considered the whole thing purely as training for a job . 
  that 's the best way to approach university . 
   canadian here , is this true ? 
  nope , it 's not true . 
  not even remotely . 
  it 's pretty much how you said , lesser of two evils . 
  that 's assuming that most english people even know the first thing about cromwell , which i very much doubt . 
  he 's just got a chip on his shoulder about cromwell . 
   that being said , a lot of irish people take issue with the near deification of cromwell in england for example `` deification '' ? 
  really ? 
  for all the complaints i hear from irish people about the english not knowing the first thing about ireland , this is a pretty good example of the reverse . 
  i doubt that most english people even know who oliver cromwell is . 
  at most they might just know of him as some guy who fought the king in the civil war . 
  that idea alone would be difficult enough to implement . 
  this portuguese idea would be the equivalent of an english speaking free movement area , only as well as the countries you listed , adding countries like nigeria , kenya and jamaica into the mix . 
  the snowman 's always on christmas here . 
  interesting that finland likes it too . 
  it seems that most hearses in europe are adapted from vans . 
  i think car-based hearses are more of an anglosphere thing . 
  edit : seems like i 'm talking out of my arse , 
  i depends on the question . 
  a question like this will always be dodgy because some people will be embarrassed and feel like they 're advertising themselves as heartless bastards if they say no . 
  plus there will be some people who would like to believe that they would be open to the idea , but would n't go through with it if they were ultimately confronted with the situation . 
  it 's obvious to anybody that if you let them go freely in the community , they will disappear . 
  the only conclusion to draw is that the government does n't care . 
  the only way to prevent this would be to operate an australian-style policy of mandatory detention . 
  it 's a completely meaningless poll anyway . 
  it 's easy to say on a poll that you 'd be willing to house a refugee when you know there 's almost no chance that you 'll be confronted with such a situation . 
  i remember earlier this year when some of our more idiotic virtue signalling politicians said that they would be happy to help house a refugee . 
  nothing came of it . 
  i 'd be very interested to see a breakdown of chosen subjects by gender , especially looking at the differences between stem and humanities . 
  as well as figures on those who manage to gain graduate level employment . 
  if certain groups want tolerance , they do n't get to pick and choose what form of tolerance they get . 
  if someone insists on setting themselves apart from the rest of society then they ca n't expect anything other than total indifference towards them . 
  nice , i 'll have to keep that one . 
   but he 's 17 , so i do n't really expect him to observe the subtleties of discourse at that age . 
  i do . 
  plenty of 17 year olds manage to get through their days without punching people . 
  i managed . 
  come back when you understand what `` islamist '' actually means . 
  relax , i was n't suggesting that be mobilise death squads against them . 
  i was referring to measures like cracking down on employers and removing all forms of state assistance . 
  it would probably be better if european countries did n't host islamist clerics . 
  they bring nothing but trouble . 
   ( mostly on social media ) that tells you everything you need to know . 
  social media is an echo chamber and in no way resembles the reality on the ground . 
  if social media was an accurate barometer of public opinion , we 'd be governed by a lab-green coalition , scotland would be independent and ron paul would be us president . 
  try and look at it from their perspective . 
  i can understand their frustration on this one . 
  they 've got a load of people who do n't even want to be there camping out and turning a stretch of their town into a third world slum . 
  they want to be able to move to the uk . 
  the french would like to be able to turn a blind eye but they ca n't be too blatant about it . 
  unfortunately this will continue as long as the uk has such a schizophrenic attitude where we introduce all kinds of border security to keep them out of the country , only to give them the good life if they manage to sneak in . 
  we need to adopt a policy of deterrence . 
  ensure that the reception they get in the uk ( should they manage to sneak in ) is extremely hostile and no better than life as a refugee in turkey or lebanon . 
  the flow would soon dry up . 
  that will be better for us and better for the population of calais . 
  extra security on the french side would certainly help , but i agree with [ previous remarks by natacha bouchart . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-29799733 ) we need to make the uk an extremely hostile place for these people in order to deter them from coming . 
  it has certainly worked with airlines . 
  carrier liability laws are the norm , where airlines have to pay all the costs of deportation if they let someone into a country that has no right to be there . 
  the end result is that illegal immigration through flying is very rare . 
  the only way they can do it is with forged documents . 
  reminds me of what happened after the black death . 
  the aftermath severely challenged the ruling classes . 
  those peasants who survived suddenly found themselves much more able to demand higher wages . 
  it really helped break feudalism . 
  back then the elites could n't just import a load of desperate migrant workers from the other side of the world to drive down wages and conditions . 
  not just young people . 
  older ones too in my experience . 
  i do n't mind , though . 
  in fact , i 've always liked that my society is one where people do n't endlessly go on and on about politics .
