  my desire for the uk to take a non-interventionist foreign policy is based purely on what i believe to be our national interests . 
   it 's fairly obvious the uk plays a very prominent part on the global stage . 
  the old saying `` an empty vessel makes the most noise '' is an apt one regarding our foreign policy . 
   it 's also very obvious our values are superior to those of middle eastern countries . 
  i completely agree , but i would suggest that it 's pointless to try and spread our values ( however you define them ) to middle eastern countries . 
  they wo n't be in the lest bit receptive . 
  if they want to live in primitive squalor , that 's no skin off our noses . 
   as soon as you give up and want britain to withdraw from the international community is when you let the bad guys win . 
  there are no good guys or bad guys in the world . 
  it 's not a question of who is good or bad , but what the best course of action is for our own people . 
  those days are over and they 're never coming back . 
  umberto eco was talking about making an erasmus-style program compulsory for everyone . 
  that implies everyone in the eu . 
  so that 's hundreds of millions of people . 
  if people want to go abroad for a year to experience another culture , that 's fine . 
  i doubt you 'll find many people who object to that . 
  it 's umberto eco 's idea of a compulsory program that is ludicrous . 
   thats a general trend though . 
  the uk focuses more and more on itself , its impact on europe and the world shrinking more and more . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  trying to pretend otherwise will just make us look like a joke . 
   whether that is a good thing or not ... well i for one would appreciate the uk being more active in the eu . 
  would you really ? 
  because our idea of playing a more active role in the eu would be us much more jealously guarding our own interests and resisting attempts at subverting our national sovereignty . 
  when many eu enthusiasts talk about the uk playing a much greater role , what they really mean is that the uk should just shut up and unquestioningly accept every demand from other eu countries and hand over yet more money , no matter how detrimental to our interests . 
   you are too big to play switzerland . 
  i disagree , i feel that we 're in a perfect position . 
  there 's nothing that says a relatively large country can not adopt a non-interventionist foreign policy . 
  we 're in the perfect geographical position too , on an island and a good distance from the world 's trouble spots . 
   traditionally the british way has been to punch above it 's weight on the international stage , quite successfully as well . 
  no , those are just delusions of grandeur from our elites . 
  they love all the international summits and jet setting and they could n't stand the idea being relegated to focusing on domestic issues . 
  so they insist on `` punching above our weight '' , even when we come across as the most laughably obsequious lackeys ( see our interventions in iraq and afghanistan ) . 
   withdrawing from that stage is not something that should be contemplated , considering our presence on the security council and major influence in nato would be at risk if we did so . 
  we could n't be deprived of our security council seat , given that we hold a veto . 
  so we 'd veto the proposal . 
  as for nato , we have very little influence in it and the whole thing is an instrument of us foreign policy anyway . 
  you get differences of opinion within every country , but i very much doubt that it 's more than a small handful of people who feel aggrieved at the thought of the uk being irrelevant on the world stage . 
  in our election in may , foreign policy was barely mentioned . 
  i think that most people here would be happy to live in a prosperous country that does n't let itself be dragged into everybody 's squabbles . 
   the uk can not retain its position as the worlds number one soft power with a neutral or apathetic foreign policy . 
  sure we can . 
  our soft power has very little to do with foreign policy and largely comes from our language and culture . 
  that wo n't change if we adopt a non-interventionist approach . 
  people will still be watching premiership football and top gear ( or whatever replaces it ) . 
  it 's called having our cake and eating it , that 's the british way !, 
  fair enough , seems like it was lost in translation . 
  that 's the first time i 've ever heard anyone talk that way about the uk . 
   sorry , should 've specified i was looking for discrimination based on citizenship/nationality where basic human rights are concerned . 
  alternatively , you could see it as a redefinition of what constitutes a human right and what rights are reserved purely for citizens . 
  human rights is a pretty nebulous concept anyway , so different countries can easily have different definitions . 
   asylum is embedded into pretty much every constitution on the continent . 
  i ca n't comment on what the constitutions of other countries say , it 's not a subject i really know much about . 
  all i can do is speak from a british perspective , and we do n't have a written constitution . 
  so it would be pretty straightforward to amend the whole thing if the political will was there . 
   universal human rights declaration is ratified by as many if not more countries . 
  the universal declaration of human rights is non-binding , so it 's a red herring . 
  it 's something to be filed away under `` nice ideas , not necessarily practical '' . 
   do you go to trial before denying asylum or just toss the presumption of innocence out the window and be done with it ? 
  do you add `` if the crime is committed by a foreigner he is to be deported '' to each punishment in the criminal code ? 
  do you differentiate which crimes warrant deportation and which do n't based on the severity of them ? 
  no , you just say `` if you meet criteria x , you 're out the door '' . 
  define criteria x as being whatever the country in question sees fit . 
  most likely along the lines of if you 've got a criminal conviction , or maybe if you 're an islamist radical , etc. 
  you would n't even need to bring the judiciary into it as it would be a purely administrative matter . 
   sure , the system must be changed to be more efficient , but to change it to what you are suggesting would require a ww3 . 
  i think that you 're being a little melodramatic . 
  people would only whinge if we did get involved . 
  it 's not our role to be the world 's policeman and it 's time the rest of the world realised that . 
  it 's not like we 're even equipped for the job anyway . 
  i 'd be quite happy for us to be like an atlantic switzerland . 
  you do know the difference between someone an academic and someone who 's university educated , do n't you ? 
  academics are the people who actually work in higher education , not the people who merely graduate . 
   what ? 
  i was actually mocking his pride of not receiving higher education . 
  er , i have received higher education . 
  that does n't mean that academics ca n't talk shit . 
  they often do . 
  same here . 
  i think it will do us some good to keep our distance . 
   but come on , you really mean to tell me there is actual , lawful discrimination going on in the uk ? 
  of course there is . 
  for example , we do n't give foreign nationals the same level access to public services that we give to our own citizens . 
  we do n't even let them live in the country unless they fulfill a certain criteria . 
  those are forms of state enforced discrimination . 
  every country in the world discriminates in one way or another between citizens and non-citizens . 
  all i 'm suggesting is that we change the right of asylum so that it 's no longer absolute . 
   `` the erasmus idea should be compulsory -- not just for students , but also for taxi drivers , plumbers and other workers . 
  by this , i mean they need to spend time in other countries within the european union ; they should integrate . '', 
  that 's the sort of drivel that you could only expect from the ivory-towered cultural elites . 
  not only is there no thought about the practicalities of sending hundreds of millions of people on such a program ( can you even imagine how much it would cost ? 
  ) , but does n't even address the question of what happens if people simply do n't want to have anything to do with that program . 
  i 'd be curious to hear his answer . 
  labour camps ? 
  or is his head stuck so far up his own arse that he could n't possibly imagine how people might disagree with the whole thing ? 
  got ta love academics and the laughable bullshit that they spout . 
  we should n't have an absolute responsibility to protect everyone from persecution , whether it 's unjust or not . 
  i 'm aware of that asylum does n't grant them immunity from the law , but i still think that asylum should be discretionary . 
  no country should have a legal duty to host foreign criminals or islamist radicals , for example , no matter what treatment they may face in their home countries . 
  they should also be able to make asylum conditional on maintaining a certain level of behaviour .
